
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dak. She and I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hi. Today we have Mo Amer on. Yeah, I'm a big fan of Mo. Mo is Great. Mo is a standup comedian and a, an award-winning writer. I first saw him on Romy, which is another show I love Friend of the pod Where he plays Mo in that, but not our Mo in Mo. Mo plays Mo in that. But then in his show a different, he's a different Mos.


He's a different mo, but very similar. Also Black Adam and two Standup Specials on Netflix. Mo Amer The Vagabond and Mo Amer Mohammad in Texas and he's on tour right now with L Los Sopel Eno tour, which is the Palestinian bear. Yeah, that's what that translates to. This was so interesting. Another incredible story. Yeah. We're just coming off a John story and then now we have this, we're Getting some epic tales in this garage. We Are also very Kiki Qua. Yeah, I was thinking a lot about Key during this episode. Yeah. We're accumulating some wild, you can really take some circuitous pass to this town of Hollywood.


That's right. Please enjoy Mo Amer.


We are supported by M and mss. What a fun sponsor. M and ms. I love m and ms. Me too. It's graduation season and if you're looking for a unique, delicious and fun gift for your favorite grad, we've got an idea for you. Personalized m and m. I love a personalized treat and if it's m and m's. Oh they're so fun and it's fun to design these on the m and m's website, you can choose up to three colors. So maybe they favorite colors or school colors. Ooh, cute. Then you can add text, clip art, and even photos to the m and ms. Put their face on there or Hey, why not your own face? I would make you M and MSS with the MA's logo. Wow. I, That'd be a copyright infringement, but I do it anyways. You Do it and I would for you do a crow. Oh, That's good. Once you have your design ready, you then have a bunch of different packaging options to match the occasion. Like the class of 2025 candy dispenser, which arrives with your custom M and MSM already inside. It's a totally different cheeky special gift that they're gonna remember. Order your custom m and ms today. Head to mms.com and use code DAX for 15% off your first order. That's mms.com code Dax to receive 15% off your first order.


We are supported by Claude, the AI assistant. That just feels different. You know, we're curious about the old artificial intelligence here on the pod. We are curious And we always want to give our arm cherries the if you know you know tips. We sure do. So they need to meet our new pal Claude, while other AI sound like robots. Claude just gets it with the emotional intelligence. Whether I'm researching guests or refining my latest meal plan to get Brad Pitt's abs or looking for the best dating advice to give Monica Claude is the fact checker in your pocket while you're in the arm share. Well That's exciting for us. I like having an extra companion. Welcome to the team. Claude. You can try Claude for free now@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. He's an


Do you get anxiety before you go out on a talk show that you're gonna have to pee once you get out there? Peeing is not the anxiety. No, it's not. That's last On the list. What is it? I just watched you and Seth. Actually I have something in common with Seth edibles fuck me up. Like I'm terrified of that. I don't really get anxiety. I get anxiety only if something is not settled at home. You know, if something is off, You'll carry that. I'm a very sensitive person. I can feel my family's energy and if something's wrong I'll know it's wrong. Right. Yeah. I don't know how to describe, it's like the antenna spidey sense. That's the only time No compulsive rumination thoughts. Like I can acknowledge the P one is insane. I'll be in the dressing room at Kimmel and I'm waiting to hear the knock I stand in front of the toilet.


Yeah. And then when I hear the knock I go one second and then I do my last pee. 'cause I'm so nervous that it's, you think you're at risk's 12 minutes. Do you think you're at risk ever peeing in your pants? No. Although if ever there was a place to try it, it would be on Kim. True. You camel's the one to do it. Yeah, for Sure. It's a safe place to pee your suit. It's so easy to talk to. It feels so calming. I'm doing kimel tomorrow. Actually. I don't know if you knew that or just saying It. I'm doing it Thursday. Oh, that's funny's. Awesome. Let's do it on the same. Let's Do it. I'll Go to yours. You come to mine. Perfect. Why don't you guys tell me exact exact Same story. We'll plan it. It's gonna be great for him because he's first, I know He's First. Just see you on the show. As an Arab growing up in America, it'd be so great.


That's kind of what they do on weekend update. Do you ever watch the stuff with Shay And Oh fuck Shay man. No, I'm just kidding. That's my brother. That's my brother Gonna be downhill from here, guys. No, him and Colin. No, these are my guys are my friends. Yeah. Where they write jokes for each other that they're not allowed to tell and They have to read out loud. Yeah. On Christmas. I think whatever the last show is, they do that. That's fun. It's diabolical. It is. I know. It's scary. And much higher risk for Colin, I would say. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Especially Che is really trying to get him into trouble. He's genuinely trying to put him in the worst possible pickle. But in a weird way, I am like they're geniuses. They've hacked the math of this and really we are dying to see this white guy make a terrible joke.


'cause we know the risk is career ending and they figured out how to do it. Yeah. They have no, it's perfect, but there's No blame. Yeah. The whole thing, the black guy wrote it. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I didn't come Up with it. I didn't mean to say the word he told me to say. Me say it, I have to do it. It's written. I read everything that's on the, Just to not Do it. Yeah, I agree. You know what gives me, not anxiety, but the thing that causes me to go down like a thought pro. Especially since this is specifically about the show and there's so much to discuss within the series itself. Yeah. It's like what clip do you show? What exactly do you talk about? And I'm a standup as well. It's like I just wanna do jokes. I just wanna be a guy on a couch. But I'm in this extraordinary position where I'm the only Palestinian on television with his own show created by a Palestinian starring and directed by it.


But it's like, what are you gonna do big spot? What are you gonna say? Everybody's like, come on buddy. Yeah. We don't want hear. Work this out for us. Exactly. Yeah. Tell us what to do. I really just want to be a comedian. That'd be really great to do that. But I understand that there's an immense responsibility that comes with my position and you can't just be a clown all the time. I have said this a bunch in the past, which is for the young black dude who's from a shit situation and makes it out and become successful, it wasn't bad enough that he had to go through all of that and be extra special to get here. But now he's also burdened with the responsibility of representing the black community and speaking out on all issues. And I just have always felt like, if you wanna be political, great, but just to have to inherit that on top of everything else, it seems like a weird reward.


No, I agree. And I would be resentful a bit if I were in a position where it's like, no, no, I want to tell jokes and have fun and I'm entitled to do that as much as anyone else is. So does it feel like a burden at all? It definitely doesn't feel like a burden. It's funny, that book says The Burden and the Glory. Oh my God. Exactly right. That Says it all. Wow. It such, Yeah. I really do feel standup itself is an art form since that's how I started out. Technically I did theater in high school and I was doing standup at the same time. And once I started educating myself on what standup comedy is in the history of standup, historically speaking, the greatest standup comedians have always made you laugh and made you think.


Yeah, yeah, of course. There's like the Dangerfield who's just silly and amazing one-liners and that's incredible. One of the funniest guys ever really. But if you look at it, everybody's top five is someone who really made you think. Yeah, agree. Who's your top five? Oh, see how much overlap we've got. Can we agree on Pryer? Just number one? Yeah, for sure. No, it's close. I don't like to put 'em in any particular order. Okay. Yeah, that's fair. 'cause they each have a fascinating skillset that the other one can't do. Like Pryor and Carlin. Carlin is a particular skill set is ahead of the game in the most incredible way where everything he says today is relevant, but he has a certain structure. He has to write every single thing down. And you have Pryor, which is really freewheeling, which is my style really.


I write everything on the fly. I have to do it in front of the audience. I can't sit down and just write it out. I'm inspired by the audience. I need that. So I appreciate those skill sets. So I really don't like to put 'em in a particular order. But these are the comedians I truly admire and love so much. A good analogy would kind of be like you're asking who's your favorite athlete as opposed to who's your favorite basketball player. Yes. Your favorite hockey player. Pryor's doing something different than Jerry Seinfeld. Than Cosby was sitting down and doing his Chappelle. Do you like Chappelle? Of course, yeah. We've done thousands of shows together. Pryor Carlin, bill Hicks to me is up there, unfortunately died so young, but he was on that trajectory of being truly ahead of his time and magnificent in his own way.


Chappelle is on my top five just because I've seen him personally. Thousands of shows together. It's like seeing inside of how a Rolex works, like how the mechanism all flows. It's just really fascinating to see that. And I feel like we're very similar in ways a lot of things overlap between us and I'm just grateful to have one of the greatest of all time and to be able to see him. And he's my brother, he's my mentor, but also like family. So he's up there. Of course. I don't think there's a debate there. Then the fifth is really hard. It's like Eddie Murphy, but he stops. He got so famous. Once you stop doing standup and want to come back to it, it's almost impossible. Yeah, it's very impressive that Seinfeld was able to come back and do a real show, but He never really stopped doings standup.


He always would show up and his show was standup Murphy became a movie star. Rock and roll man. A lot of young people wouldn't even know he was a standup. Yeah, exactly. But those are the albums I used to listen to. But when I first started standup, I was only been in the country like five years, so I didn't really know anything about the history of standup. I would be at open mics and be like, oh you sound like Kennison. I'd be like, who the fuck's Kennison? They're like, who the fuck's kennison? You live outta Houston. People thought I was full of shit because I didn't have an accent to them. They feel like, oh, if you're an immigrant you should have some kind of accent. The fact that you don't is baffling. So we don't really believe it. Yeah, yeah. Like I would tell my friends when they first found out 'cause you don't talk about it. You're just walk around like, Hey, I don't have a citizenship yet. You're Trying to fit in, not stand out more.


Yeah. But it never really comes up. You just wanna ball in the neighborhood, have a good time. You're not really thinking about it. It's not like we're gonna go travel to Europe together. Yeah, they know the family, but you're too young, you're too naive. You're thinking about too many other things. Then to share your immigration status. It just didn't really come up at that time. Now This is linked to the obligation to talk about being Palestinian in this moment, but also do you get sick of having to tell your story? Because your show, which we're gonna talk a lot about is your story. So you inevitably do have to share it again back to the, I just wanna be funny. I don't wanna have to tell this fucking story again. There's Some fatigue for sure, but it's mostly not coming from sharing the story. 'cause I am introducing different eras of it and there is so many layers that are baked into each experience, whether it is the Gulf War growing up in America.


There's really fun ways and interesting ways to explore that. As a storyteller, I am really intrigued by that and I want to dive into it and capture all the subtleties and bring them out. That is the best part of writing the TV show and creating a show that is really emotional at times. I can't explain to you how many moments in the series while I was filming, especially season two, where I would have to go off and just weep and then come back and then start over and then direct. Okay guys, so what we're gonna do is, you know, I Process the CoStar was like, how the fuck are you doing? I saw what happened. I saw it. You were in the corner Crying by it. You shut your mouth, You weren't getting anything from craft service. You were whimpering to yourself in front of It. That's fun. I really do enjoy that.


Whether it's super emotional or a just straight up comedic scene that we're shooting and you're just feeding lines to Hamid, which is one of my favorite characters in the whole season. The thing that I have happening to me right now, especially on tour, is all the people sharing their experiences with me. Oh, Sharp. Oh yeah. You have to hold a lot And that's a massive thing. That's the most difficult part. May I have people coming up to me talking about they lost 200 family members? Ugh, I held a kid yesterday, he's three years old. He's from Gaza. He is getting treatment here. He's lost his mother. She was 23 and I'm like holding him and I'm like, Yeah, you Know, just thinking about him. I just had a son. He's 17 months. I can't even imagine that. Yeah, that's the stuff that's really, really, really heavy and that's where the responsibility comes, but literally there's nobody else speaking about it from an actual Palestinian perspective.


Right. I hear a lot of young white liberal kids telling me about it. Yeah. Well it's good. People should engage in this conversation. That's the only way to truly have any kind of progress is engaged in these talks. But no one's coming from my background talking about it. At least no one has the voice that I do or the platform that I do. So just to engage in that. And it's also a massive test for me as a comedian because I could always go up and just give me a topic, dissect this, have a blast with it, make it funny. No problem. But to tow that line Yeah, yeah. Is dangerous. Well that's what Chappelle's so masterful at and yeah, I need his perspective on black experience. The insight that he has repeatedly given me is just incredibly valuable and so authentic and from the inside that I always appreciate That.


Can't agree with you more. To start, you were born in Kuwait? I was, yep. I got food poisoning in in the Kuwait first class lounge. Oh no. And then had food poisoning for 28 hours of flight back. I'm sorry. That's Not funny. No, it's really funny. Can you think of a worse scenario than food poisoning setting on as they close the door for your 14 hour flight? That's horrible. I had a similar situation. Did not last 28 hours. That is misery. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. I had a similar situation from Sweden to Frankfort catching my connection flight in Frankfort before I boarded the flight I bought, I thought it was just a regular sparkling water. So I take a drink of it. I was like, oh my God, this tastes God awful. It's pear fucking pear sparkling water.


And it turned, I'm like, God damn you Swedish people like who drinks pear sparkling water and whatever formula it takes to make the pear taste that flavor, That perfume just Created the worst possible bubbling sickness the storm system had performed. Hurricane was forming the radar. All the blood was leaving my head and going right to try to rescue my gut. I either needed to pass gas or take a poop. I wasn't sure Yeah. About what was gonna happen. And that's a risky thing To do. I feel fainty. Yeah. You can't sit there on the plane. On the plane or Sweaty brow ridge. Sweaty brow ridge. A full blown waterfall situation from every area possible.


The back of the dome. The front of the Dome. I hate to say you now look like someone that's smuggling something on an Airplane. I shoved cocaine up my ass and now it's backfiring. That's what it looks like. Yeah. Yeah. I finally hear the ding to get up. I was like, I gotta go to the restroom. We gotta figure this out. I felt really faint and right before I grab the door, I just go down. Perfect. Right. Oh No, You collapsed. I just fainted and I wake up to three of the hottest Swedish German. It's Like a beer commercial. They're like, are you okay? What's happening? Yeah. Have you been partying y What's going on? Were you out to beer garden? And that's so much fun. You want to have some Like, no, I wasn't, leave me alone.


You diabetic. I was like, no, I'm not diabetic. Thank God I'm not diabetic. Stop making me panic even more. Just leave me air. Oh, it was horrible. I just needed to pass. Guess that's all I needed. Just pass guess. And it was all gone. Wow. My first thought upon waking up and seeing the Swedish ski team would be, are my pants full? Because we, we don't know what happened. He passed out. We don't, we don know what happened while I was out. Oh yeah, true. Okay. And these are very beautiful women. And I might have a full cargo. Yeah, we had a arm cherry on. Tell a story about that. Where he pooped in the lane. Yeah. Oh that's terrible. In the aisle. Oh my God. And all these beautiful flight attendants for there and there's poop on them now.


Oh No. Are you serious? Yes. Yes. You just have to tell yourself in those situations, That's horrible. Might Might jump off the fucking plane, just hear the pilot. Yeah. You just jumped out of the bag of the fucking plane. He's got three rain slickers tied together. Hopefully that'll, I'm such a shy person. I don't even like taking off my shirt in front of people. Like I can't do it. I do it. I got the pool and stuff, but I can't imagine a scenario where I, shit my pants on a plane is everybody and they're all looking at you. Well just say Ideally if that happens, you wanna wake up and see three ugly old men With Yes. Yes. You're like, yeah guys, I shit myself. You Know what it's like, Hey boys. Yeah. I'm disgusting. Like you guys Smoking a cigarette with shit on his fingertips.


Like you don't care. Yeah. I remember it was 62. Nam was worse. I shit myself An hour ago. Welcome. Yeah. Okay, so dad is a telecoms engineer. A great segue is, yeah, We're going back to Kuwait. It went sharp. Let's bring up your disease. It was a brush after all. You lost your mother in 1990. Yeah. We'll knock on wood for that one. Straight into That. Yeah. My father was a telecommunications engineer And was Kuwait the first stop when they left Palestine? When my mom and dad married, prior to that, my father got his telecommunications engineer in England. The first job offer was actually in Doha. In Laha in the sixties. So he lived there for like a year. That's the reason why they left is the job.


Just like if you're in Houston and you get a job in Kansas or if you're in LA you get a gig, you gotta go film in Toronto, same thing. So was in Doha and then he got a job in Kuwait and that was where my family settled and we were all born there. He worked for the KU old company. He built one of the first radio stations in Kuwait. Wow. He was instrumental in creating wireless communication at that time between oil rigs. He was a really brilliant dude, truly ahead of his time. My mom would always tell me like, oh he had a cell phone in the sixties. That big thing that you put on your shoulder and it's a massive box. Yeah, Yeah. Microwave. Yeah. He was that guy. He always had to have the top tech whenever it comes out. You guys left when you were nine, but how long have they been there? Oh, since the sixties. 25 maybe 30 years there.


And they would go back and forth to West Bank where my family lives and grandparents are. And did they come to love it when you guys did leave? Did mom miss it? It Was more than just love in Kuwait. It was more the normalcy of the life that we had there as a great life. My uncle and my cousins lived three houses down. All my aunts, everybody settled in Kuwait and we had a lot of family there and my grandparents and some of my aunts, of course a lot of the extended family was still in the West Bank. But we had this real unification where we would see each other every weekend. There's a barbecue every weekend. All my uncles are talking smack and playing all these different games and whoever loses has to buy the dessert. Was your dad gregarious and loud?


Yeah. Are you more mom or dad? I guess I'm a really solid mix of both. I have the exploratory like my dad had, he really wanted to figure out what was going on. He would really travel a lot and wanna see the world so curious in that way. And my mother was very funny, poetic. She still to this day writes poetry and that's her life. She wakes in the morning and she's inspired by something she writes. It sometimes is super sad but thoughtful and sweet sometimes. It's funny. I feel like I have a great mix of both. But my dad was really outgoing. He was the first guy on the dance floor. Get everybody going. And he was that guy for sure. I have a ton of memories of four nine. Do you remember living there? Everything. But we also come from the sham region, which is basically Santa Barbara.


It's so gorgeous. The weather is stunning. There's not really any desert as regions unless you go super south or you hit the Jordan Valley. That's where it becomes that way. And there's bed winds there. Of course there's tons of sheep herders. We do come from a farming culture originally Santa Barbara seems to be the place. When my parents first came to visit here, we went to Santa Barbara on a day trip and they were like, this reminds me of India. I was like, what? And then we had a few other people from other places say like Santa Barbara's kind of like this person, this person. It's A comp care a lot as it turns out. Turns Out It's not really suited for that kind of living to be honest. You don't go to explore the desert there. But surely in Kuwait we did that. I mean I used to ride the bikes with his kids.


We set up mounds and we just dive off of them. You just bounce off of that shit and just keep going. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just ruthless would hop on the back of dirt bikes and fall off going 40 miles an hour. But you're eight, you're just like rubber band doesn't even matter. You went to a British speaking school. Yeah. What kind of classmates did you have? People from all over the world. A bunch of expats lived in the neighborhood we resided in since my father worked for the Quaia Oil company. This is a compound situation that neighborhood north and south is where we lived in Ahdi had so many families. Super, super diverse. You're talking about British, Pakistani, Swiss, everybody lived in that neighborhood. And Most of the people in that neighborhood working for the oil company.


Exactly. Everybody had a different job within the company itself. Like Aramco Oil Company, you go overseas, that's the biggest oil company in the world, number one. But it's like driving onto military base. Oh right, right. Our neighborhood at the end of it, there was like the hospitality palace. So anybody that visited there would be presidents that would visit. They would put 'em up there. I Would ride by on my bike if I was a kid and try to see who was staying in the palace All the time. Would you? Yeah, all the time. So curious like is Michael Jackson gonna come out? Oh no. We're all over it. We see cars come in, we, you know, immediately just pedal over there and talk to the security guy in the front. Try to Figure out who this wealthy man is ever. He was like, trust me, you don't wanna know Michael Jackson, president of Malaysia or something.


Like let us know Salt de bru. I, yeah, Michael Jackson. We used to mimic him. He was the thing back then for sure. Oh God. Yeah. So Gulf War breaks out in 91. August of 90. The reason why I remember exactly the Iraqi invasion was then, and I remember it quite well because I was supposed to have my tonsils removed two days after they came in. So I was like, damn it. So now they're still met. Oh tonsillitis. Fuck. You might have been a happy accident. No it's not brother, you're miserable. I have enormous tonsils. I bet they're gorgeous. They're massive. They are gorgeous. There are mountainous. You can ski off of those fucking things for Sure. You could probably get 'em out now. I am so scared. Adults Are supposed to Do it. It like 50 50 bleed or so crazy like heavy bleeding.


Was It someone on Here tell us six weeks to eight weeks recovery? No talking. They cauterize it, but you can't feel if it's bleeding down into your stomach. That's all I needed to hear to make it even worse. But What about, why are the kids more, why are they able to, I don't know if they're tiny Or They're easier to, I think it's not as mature enough. It's a in inn out procedure for kids. But someone was just telling, an adult was really battling whether or not to do it and they don't like to do it on adults. 'cause it was Bleeding. I went to the top specialist, the UCLA and they were like, Hmm 50 50 they're gonna bleed but you'll be fine. It's just gonna take a lot longer to heal. I was like, you know what, I'm just taking antibiotics. Take my Big ass tonsils outta here. Do a lot of voices too. Like what if it affects how I do all these accents?


What if I just end up talking? He sold his time now. Yeah. My life is ruined because they sound terrible. So the invasions in August, the US enters as I remember. 'cause my birthday's January 2nd and I had gotten my license in 91 on the second And it was the only thing that played in the radio. I feel like it was maybe January 1st of 91 the US entered. Yeah, I had left before that. It was really, really intense because that was the first time I knew that we were stateless number one. I just knew this happy life. I didn't know anything was wrong. I was like, why don't we just go back to pal? And they're like, no, we can't necessarily do that either. It's not the best next step. Let's figure it out. Your parents, you see them and they're your pillars.


They're always in control. There's nothing ever wrong. Seemingly know everything. And to see them so worried. And I remember this to this day, that call at 6:00 AM those days the phone, you know? Yeah. I was like, who the hell's calling? I remember getting up and my mom picking up the phone was like, Saddam has invaded Kuwait hangs up and now everyone is out to try to get as many resources for the house. Food, rice, water, whatever you can get to just store it. That's when everything changed and they got to our house at one o'clock in the morning. I've slept through the whole breaking of the door, ransacking the home. They were threatening my mom and my dad, who's in this bedroom, who's in this bedroom. They were pointing in my bedroom and they were threatening they were gonna throw a grenade in the bedroom.


Oh my God. Like tell us, tell us, tell us. They were trying to figure out who works at the Equator Oil company since the whole reason of their invasion to begin with is supposed siping of Iraqi oil. Was That their premise? They were diagonally drilling in. That's what they were say. I don't know. That's a bigger conversation to me now as a grown ass man. I see what's everything going on living in America Now I know who's been putting all these people in power. Yeah, yeah, yeah, let's talk about that. But that was the premise is that Quat was stealing from them and he's there to take it back. But then since it's the Kuia oil company, so our neighborhood was hot one And it was all about collecting people Who could help manage and turn over the control of it.


Exactly. Your dad's like I just do Telephones. Well that's the biggest fucking thing. Communication. Okay. Yeah. That was probably on their top five list. Transferring all communication to at all. So my dad had one choice, either do it or potentially your family is at risk, might take 'em all out. You're not gonna find out if they're bluffing or not. Yeah, exactly. You're just gonna say, yeah, that's me. What are you gonna do? So he was forced to go in and redirect from what I've heard some of it at that time and he regrets it. He didn't feel good about any of it. Well he Had to protect himself in his family. He loves, he loved Kuwait and he loved the people of Kuwait. He loved everything there and he was just saddened to see it all happen that way. But he was also just protecting our family. Soldiers would show up early in the morning at our house and all throughout the whole street.


It was pretty regular, but I felt like our house was a spot and play soccer with these guys have me like hold the machine. I was like, I don't hold the machine gun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Was that weird? Different life, just everything changed. Right. And trying to evaluate, are these guys mean and evil? They weren't right. But when they first show up with the guns, They have moments though. I remember this guy, he had a thick stash. Huge. But I was really fast as a kid and I played tons of soccer. So I was killing these older guys and he just socks me real hard. And I remember being laid out on the ground and I look up and I see him and this is how he felt like he was laughing. He goes, and I was like, like A boss. Evil bro. It felt evil. I know he is not.


He was just fucking with me. But I can't forget his face. If a sketch artist was sitting here, I could draw him. You never forget that. But yeah, that was a wild experience that I slept through. That first initial invasion. They took over the own neighborhood. My mom and dad are both in a really terrible position. My dad particularly, and a bunch of other employees or ex-employees, some people were able to get out before they came in. Really, really difficult situation. Especially with us kids. And there's other kids who are studying overseas. What about them? Do you have siblings and then the money's gone. Yeah, I'm the sixth. The sixth six. Okay. So all the money's gone overnight. Saddam said, oh, the ku dnar is equivalent to the Iraq Dnar. Well they Ku Dnar was like four times absolutely insane. Yeah. So how did dad get you guys all out Then? The show, I had to tweak it, but in real life what happened is my mom and myself and my sister out, my brother stayed with my dad.


We got on the bus. My mom strategically hid the money in the suitcase in a really insanely savvy way. I never saw this side of my mother. You just see your mom's a superhero at this point. Like how are you coming up with this? Like grabbing the razor cutting bag, zipper, puting, equal mat money. Things will, things do survive. It's incredible. Sewing it together. I just remember it to this day and going through a off basically war zone, through another war zone to Ahman Jordan to my mom sending my sister and I to Houston by ourselves. How old was your sister? She was 18. So nine and 18. You're so scared. I'm assuming I'm miserable. I don't wanna leave. I didn't give a shit about the guns. Like it didn't bother me at all. I was very fearless. I did not care. I would go out still on my own, scope it out, what's happening in the neighborhood.


I was just kind of crazy that way. But I love my friends and I wanted to see them and I didn't necessarily allow that invasion to like change that for me. And I knew they weren't gonna hurt me. Like they're not gonna hurt kids. They were very gentle with children actually. But I didn't wanna leave my mother. I thought I could be really helpful. Right. It wasn't like, I don't wanna leave you. Well my friends, no. It was more like, hey, I'm a helping hand. This sucks. I have to go. How are you gonna do this on your own? And that was the thing that really ripped me apart more than anything. Who Did she send you to? My brother. He was studying in Houston. Is this the brother that became a doctor? Yes. He's a PhD in biochemistry. Super brilliant, amazing human. And then she by herself goes back to Kuwait and that's where all the real hell started because there was all this posturing between America and Al.


And say Saddam is saying go back. No, we're not gonna go back. This is ours. Oh yeah. Then the oil fields went on fire and now it's a completely different world. Literally noon looks like midnight. Then of course the Alki started a retreat. He was a big heist. They were clearing out Mercedes dealerships that Iraqis were overnight. He released a bunch of prisoners just to create chaos. Oh yeah, my god. That was his strategy of war I guess. Then there was a massive situation that I had with my mom and my dad. My dad in particular. The Kuwaiti started regaining power as they should. It's their country. They started forming these different militias. They came into our house. This is my story for my mom. They knock on the door.


They asked as a car for sale 'cause we're liquidating everything. And she goes, I don't know if it's for sale. Let me ask my husband. She asks him and as he comes out, they put a hood over him, kidnap him. He is gone. What? She doesn't know where he is, nothing. Then the American soldiers come in. So you had the Iraqis come in, burst down the door, he had the Kuwaits come burst in the door and then you had the US soldiers come burst in the back door. My brother is neurodivergent, has his own issues. It's chaos. He's just trying to get medicine for him. She doesn't know where my dad is, who's diabetic and has his own set of issues. It's a whole fucking movie. So my dad was able to call my mom. They were like holding all these people trying to see who's the actual traitor, who's not the traitor, who stuck for us, who didn't.


They're trying to regain their power. I honestly don't hold anything against the equator. I totally get why they're doing it. Unfortunately, my dad was an impossible situation. Yes, somebody has to voucher you. You can't just leave. They gotta know it wasn't an inside job for sure. And I genuinely don't hold anything against 'em. I really love them. The equates are some of the gentlest, sweetest people. But in this situation, it was awful. She doesn't know where my dad is. So they had like all these makeshift prisons and office buildings and stuff that were holding people and torture him a certain degree to get stuff out of them. And what did they have issues with at the jail? Communication. They couldn't get fucking calls out. They couldn't get a dial tone. So my dad goes, I can fix it. Oh yeah, yeah. He fixed it for him while he's fixing it.


They're not in a room. He calls my mom. Ah-huh Listen, you gotta find the prime minister. He's a friend of mine. He loves me. He's the head guy in Kuwait. You gotta talk to him. He's the only one thanking Freeman. Just get to him and let's get the hell outta here. And my mom was like, what about the money? We have to get your money. You're owed this. This is your money you worked 25 years for you gotta get it back. And my dad's like, fuck the money. Like yeah, yeah, just get me outta this hellhole. And my mom goes the gangster that she is, I'm gonna find this guy and I'm gonna get your money. She's driving. Soot is in the air. It's just disgusting. All these oil rigs on fire has caused chaos throughout the roads and the environment and breathing everything. So now she's just on a journey trying to find him.


This is three weeks. Oh wow. She says, it was one time the militia had this checkpoint. They told her, how do we know this car is not stolen because people are just stealing so much. He goes, I need to see the title for this car. She goes, I don't know where the title is for the car. Well you need to find it. You can't get through here. She goes back to the house. She swore to God. She said, I don't know how it happened, but I couldn't see anything. It was pitch black. I just reach into a pile of papers and it's the title to the car. Most incredible things. She goes in after weeks of weeks trying to trace this guy down. She finds some jail. She hears that he's there, this prime minister. She's talking to the outside security. She's crying to him saying, my husband's been wrongly of prison. He goes, if you don't stop crying, I'm gonna put you in jail with him. Like kind of threatening her. She goes, listen, I need to talk to the prime minister.


He knows my husband. He gets scared. He's like, what? Oh yeah, he's here. So my mom walks into this building, she can hear guys not having the best time. Let's just say that. Yeah. She's walking down this Flickery hallway. She goes and makes a right into the guy's office. She looks around the office, it's pristine, it's gorgeous. It's the direct opposite of the building. She just walked through. But then she looks at all the technology in the room. She recognizes it immediately. She goes, this is all my husband's stuff. And he says, who are you? She tells him who she is. Tells him who her husband is. He freaks out. He's like, where's, what's the fuck? I love him. Where is he at? He's not a trade. He's a great man. How many letters do you need? I'll sign him all. Sign a letter for her. She went back, she picked him up at the airport.


They meet at the airport with my brother and my dad comes in, he's 50 days now, full beard. And they go, where's your two other kids? And she goes, oh, they already left. And they go, how do we know they're not here? And they're hiding. We imprisoned his father. He's innocent. What if they want revenge or something? Oh he was like, we don't want revenge, we forgive. You. Forget it. He is over there. He is like, no. Now you gotta show proof. Oh Jesus. So she has to go by another two days of that. Then she collects my dad. They go to Aman. My mom, my brother. Come like nine months later. Wow. Stay tuned for more armchair expert if you dare.


We are supported by Addie Flibanserin, the little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@adi.com slash pi or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Quince one day. It's cool the next, you're sweating through your clothes. That's how you know it's time to switch things up. Quince is gonna have exactly what you're looking for as we move through spring lighter layers, better fabrics and prices that don't make you think twice. I've been in the market for shorts, short sleeve shirts. I'm getting prepped. Monica and Quince is the place. It's Time to do a little refresh. This is such a good place because it's a really good price, but it's really good quality. Super high quality. Quince says all the things you actually wanna wear. Like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen, beet shorts, ding ding d and comfort pants that work for everything from backyard hangs to nice dinners. Quince keeps prices down by working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, giving you luxury pieces without the crazy markups. In this economy, making the most of your dollars is a priority. Quince gets that. Elevate your closet with quince. Go to quince.com/dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to double check the hamper first before turning your white laundry into a lovely shade of pink. Like you know to check that your headphones are plugged in first before blasting your guilty pleasure playlist in the quiet section of the library. Like you know to check that you're texting the right person first before sending that spicy gossip about your cousin. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates. Northbrook, Illinois.


Yeah, I've never told a story. It's crazy that I said this. 92, your dad Called about 92. I got Houston two days before Halloween in 1990 and then Halloween happened and I've never seen Halloween before. Why is everybody dressed like demons? Where did my mom send me? Yeah. Was evil. You heard we were a godless country. You and Boy did we deliver. We delivered. It was so funny. Oh, Scary God. Everyone in devil costumes. Why? I've never even seen cleavage and like all the girls were naked. I'm like whoa. You know, it's just crazy. And asking for chocolate and candy. Yeah, Exactly. You know he's just, wow.


Check our drink. And I had a British accent. I stuck out like a sore thumb. Nobody really researched the neighborhood we moved into. It wasn't like the greatest neighborhood right out the gate. My brother, he know he's a young kid too. He is a super nerd. It was next to a stop and go. And that's the only thing we had. I would go there and that's when I knew America. I'm gonna go back to war. What'd your mom and dad do in the States? Once he came to the States? He's an entrepreneur. So he owned electronic stores actually in Kuwait as well. Like a side gig. He was like the first Best Buy there like Radio Shack basically before Radio Shack. So he opened up a place in Houston. He opened up a 99 cents store. But then he started with his knowledge realizing that it's a poor neighborhood.


He was like, oh, I can bring telephones that they don't have access to for a really great price. So he brings them in and he starts showing him nine, 9 cents plus. That's how they get you is that plus. Sure. So a range of goods. How do he adjusted American Culture? Pretty quickly? Pretty quickly. He learned That he wore a suit every day. He Would call people from the living room and tell he wanted a free cruise. He figured it all out. He wanted a free telephone. It's 200. Guess what? Congratulations. This is so funny. But he would sell these phones at a whole display of a wide variety of phones that did different things. Whether it's a football phone, whether it's one that you could push a hold button And it plays music of your choosing and you're like, what?


Yeah, big deal. That was like the techs of That's big deal that time. Big. Yeah. So he had all of it and we would sell like hotcakes. So I think that eventually he would've probably gotten back in the telecom and the way that cell phones are today. I mean I always think about it. I had a discussion yesterday, I was like, I wonder. Probably been very rich actually. I think about him. Yeah, certainly. But yeah, So he dies in 94 December, 1995. So You're young. You're 14. I'm 14, yep. Why Did he die so prematurely? I think it's the losing everything in your late fifties. I say it's like going from rags to essentially riches and going to rags again after spending your whole life trying to create a future for yourself and your family.


Yeah. And your kids. And having the ability to provide for them on a level that is gonna be really difficult to do at this age. And he never really diversified his funds. It was so safe in Kuwait. Never really thought something was gonna go down like this. And unfortunately that's what happened. I think all my dad's friends and my uncles, they all died fairly young. The massive, massive stress of the war carrying that burden, carrying that weight around really took its toll and eventually chipped away at him. Unfortunately. How scary does life get at 14 with him now out of the picture. Oh, it's terrible. Emotionally you're gone. I was already checked out 'cause my mom didn't come for like nine months.


So I was really angry about being there without my mom. My sister is an absolute saint. God bless her. She only knew how to cook one dish. One of the things that my mom gave my sister was a recipe book that had all these different pieces of paper from different eras from my grandmother, my great-grandmother from my great great great-grandmother. It went back almost a hundred plus years. It's pretty intense. But these are all the recipes. These are gold. But she only only make one dish. And I just come home seven days in a row. I was like rice and lentil again. Where's my mom? I wanna go home. And meanwhile cut to my mom. She's like driving through oil field and trying to buy you little ungrateful bitch. It was really difficult. And I was always very independent and adventurous and I wanted to be out.


Nobody could really control me and I didn't know what to do with my emotions. So I was a 14-year-old kid in high school, was just skipping. I already knew I was gonna be a comedian. Did you Make friends easily? Oh yeah. So You landed on your feet, you were social. It Was rough at first. The British English thing did not help. It was a Mexican situation. Yeah, pretty regularly. But then the British accent were like, you're not Mexican, but what the hell are you? Yeah. Usually in my class I was the first M there. I spoke British English. And at times I did not know that British English, certain words were significantly different, meaning than American English. I walked up to my fourth grade teacher, I was like, Mrs. Stratton, can I have a rubber please? I made a mess on my paper, you know? And she's like, what?


You came on your paper And it came on your paper. You, you were wearing a pro. My friend Bruce was like fucking fourth grade. What is fucking, you know like I had no idea we had a cat. You don't say cat in British, you say pussy. And I walked up to Bruce at recess, the most embarrassing. Oh no possible spot. I was like Bruce Alt. He was like, what man? He was like, I have a pussy now. Isn't it fantastic? And he was like, what? I learned as quickly about black people that can't hold it in. They have to tell everybody. They'd be like, come on. Everybody got around. Everybody Fresh off the presses. Exactly. He got everybody around in front of the entire class at recess. He was like, watch this. He was like, Mo, do you have a pussy? And I was like, yeah, I have a pussy is' lovely.


His small and lovely. Just kept going with it. Jose lost his mind. He was like, what bro you, you have a Pancho for real bro. Like that's his san bro. And he was like so confused. This playground sounds like a sitcom. And he Paused and he goes, can I see you bro? Like I don't believe you. Yeah, I got punched a lot in the beginning, but I learned quickly. You had the right skillset. It sounds like minimally you weren't lonely. That's A blessing. Oh, when I threw a football, everything changed. Ah. It was like, oh this guy could throw the fuck out of a football. Oh no kidding. You could very glad I would play ball and play basketball. I was very honest Unsu. Nobody knew that I could play that well. I wasn't always like overweight. I almost died in sixth grade.


I hit my head on the bottom of a pool and that's when I gained all the weight. 'cause I was on a neck brace like this the whole time. Oh my, my God. Terrifying. I don't know why. I knew exactly what I had to do. I was spitting blood again. It was almost Halloween. So everybody thought I had like blood capsules and I was joking around at the pool and I was like, no guys think I'm about to die. I walked right past my mom grabbed a towel, wrapped it around my neck. I was like, mom, you need to take me to the hospital. Oh God, you're so lucky you weren't paralyzed. So lucky you wasn't paralyzed or dead. I just think about it. Not even for that. I think about like my mom, She didn't have enough on her plate. Yeah, okay. So what's happening financially though, when dad is out of the Picture? You just have to fend for yourself. You have to figure it out. So my mom worked at a Mexican restaurant which turned into Taco Cabana, which is very famous and used.


Everybody goes to Taco Cabana. Oh, okay. It's like the fast food chain of Tex-Mex dinner was lots of Mexican food. Yeah, sure. But also you can negotiate for rides. Hey man, I'll throw in a quesadilla if you can just bring me here or take me there. I two quesadillas. All right, now you asking for a lot. We do two quesadillas and tacos, but I want four rides. We just negotiate. Honestly, it was really dark. But also some of my greatest years of my friends that I've made when I was 11 years old in that particular neighborhood we're like the sand lock. We made a pact, we're gonna raise our kids together, we're gonna go to college together. I always said, I'm gonna be a comedian, you guys are gonna go to college, I'll visit you guys. And everything really panned out exactly how we all set out to be. And really truly that group of friends, that camaraderie, that brotherhood that we created in that beautiful neighborhood got me through everything.


That support system. All the while you guys applied for asylum. Yeah. You don't have passports, right? You don't have a Kuwaiti passport? No. In the Middle East, it's all about your lineage. So when you go there, actually when you enter, they say what is your origin? And you say Palestinian, you either get Palestinian ID cards. It's worthless. It's actually worse. My uncle always taught me, don't get the ID card if you do than you're not ever be able to fly into Tel Aviv. When you get your US passport, you're always gonna be subjugated to the cages. You literally have to go through this apartheid system where you go through cages. He says just don't do it. Okay. Yeah. And even though you were born in Kuwait, you don't have any, That's not how it works. It's all based off of your origin where your parents come from.


Right. So my parents are both Palestinians. So your Palestinian, you don't get Kuwaiti scissor. 'cause in Kuwait it's all tribal. So if you're an original Kuia from that area, the government takes care. Like you should. You get a stipend. Yeah. So the resources that your country is producing, you actually benefit from those resources. They can't do it for everyone. So it's like you have to be from that land. And you're right as you're right, my right is in the West Bank in Palestine, we're in Haifa. That was now gone as Israel. So now we go to the West Bank and whatever is there, that's for you. But that's not for you here. So that's not how it works. It's where you're actually from, where your parents are from particularly. So I guess we get into some of the complexities of this, This Immigration story you have because you're just waiting forever on the asylum list.


However that process works. But in the meantime you have no passport. You can't come and go, you're just in this kind of purgatory. Yes, exactly. For how long? Took me 20 years before I got my citizenship. But when I turned 18 is when I was able to get a social security card. I was in the system before, but I couldn't get the social And you can't work until you have a social right. You can't work. I'm still worked. My mom would volunteer me down there. Business owners, when I had jobs that I didn't want to do, but I did where I would sell like fake Rolexes or fake watches through my dad. 'cause he would go to the wholesale district once he passed away. Oh my God. So his friend gave me a job, and then I started learning about wholesale business, import export, and I started seeing, let see guy wearing this nice watch.


I'm like, bro, that's crazy. He goes, that's fake. I was like, oh, it looks amazing though. Yeah, yeah. And so I was like, oh, I think I could hustle these in school and on the street here. All I have to do is wear it and then they're gonna ask me where you got it? Yeah. And I would tell 'em it's for sale. So that was my shtick. I would just put on a Versace sunglasses and be working at the cashier, whatever, and would be like, oh man, those are dope. I'm like, oh, it's the last pair, bro. Y'all sell 'em to you if you want. It's 125. Yeah. They would leave and I'd take out another pair and put it on Cherry shirts. You're second to last pair. And it Would be so bad because the end of the week, they're all wearing the same shit. And it would come in really mad and aggressive like, bro, you told me it was the last one. I was like, look, for real though. This is one of one this Movado watch. This is the only one I have.


Oh my God, there's no other design of this. I promise you nobody else is gonna have this. And he'd be like, oh man, that's cool. I was like, yeah, I would sell that one. Oh my God. I was really good at it. To the point, my dad's friend put his own standup and I was like, why are you doing this? You're not gonna compete with me. This is crazy. Yeah. He goes, bro, you're selling at my location. And that's where I learned about business. Right? It was like, oh, I'm using your place of business. I owe you commissions. You gotta kick up. I didn't know this. And he goes, it's a valuable lesson. Don't worry. You still sell. Just give me the commission. I was like, okay. Yeah. When we meet Mo on season one, yeah, he's selling shit out of his trunk. He's Got like a full shot Business, full shot.


It's a very condensed, condensed version. I really wanted to do more with it, but I think there's not enough space. And it's so to figure out in the first season, it was a whole thing with Covid and civil unrest and George Floyd. It was like a nightmare making season one. It was really, really tough. But season two, I had the whole vision for it. I knew exactly what I wanted to do at the time To do the Reader's Digest version. You go to the rodeo and Bill Cosby's performing, you're young, and you see that. You decide you wanna do that. You're a shit student. A teacher says to you, I'll let you stand up so long as you're making fun of the course material. Yeah. Oh, That's a lucky, weird thing that happens. Yeah. Mrs. Reed and Ms. Roderick, my English teachers specifically, Ms. Reed, she really was noticing that I was losing it because I was a pretty good student before that.


And I basically threw away my ninth grade year essentially at that point. And she was trying to salvage whatever she could out of me. She said, if you go up in front of the class, like at first, she said, how would your father feel if you don't graduate? Which I was like, oh, that's a cold shock. Hit me in the hardest way. Yeah. And then she was like, don't you wanna be a comedian? I was like, yes. Look, I'll let you do standup in class. If you could throw in some Shakespeare that we're working on now, you'll get extra credit, but you don't always have to do it. And I was like, great. Can I do it now? I literally went in front of the class right out of the book. I don't know if this by heart, it's monologue from Macbeth. You know, like, I don't fucking know this. And so I did just a funny version, the British voice that I used to have, and kids were dying. I was like, I'm hooked. So I was like, re, can I come in tomorrow and I'll write it set tonight?


And she was like, okay, did it kill it? I was like, oh my God. And then I would just do it every Friday. And she took me into the theater arts department. It was Ms. Kreis where I'm still closer to this day. My theater teacher from high school. She goes, listen, kid's been coming to class. He's doing all this original material I've never heard before. He is doing all these accents. It's hilarious. She goes, I think he belongs here. Yeah. Yeah. And I was like, maybe the next year did theater, graduated with honors in theater, honor Earth at Thespian. Had a partial scholarship for the School of Film Intelligent in New York. I passed on that. I didn't even tell a single soul. I don't want them to talk me into it. I didn't wanna leave my mother or my brother. I wanted to be close and just build up my standup chops and let that define my career. And then you enter at 18 this funniest Texan Houston's Funniest person competition.


They have this around the country in each city. But that was a big one, if you can get into that. That was my first time on stage at a comedy club. And I get there and I'm so excited. And my buddy Nick, who drove me to the club, he was my guy. He still is. For Two quesadillas. For Two quesadillas. That's right. He looks at me. He was trying to be corny. He is like, you ready Mo? This is the first date of the rest of your life. But he was being serious also. And I went up, caught the bug, made this wild car position, and I realized when I signed up, I was like, oh shit. My materials for high school students. These are grown ass adults. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I need to fix this. So I rewrote something till three o'clock in the morning. I go up, I do it, and I get into the system that way and I find out what I need to do. I joined it the following year. I made the finals, didn't win the thing, but then I went off and just started doing standup by the time I was 19, 20 years old.


And I was already headlining shows and traveling overseas without passport. Yeah. How is that? You got a refugee travel document And it was a really painful process. Very expensive. But that was the only way to go overseas because you were doing a lot of standup at bases. Right. I did some bases. The first tour that I did was April of 2001. It was Italy, Germany, and Sicily. It was a baby, obviously five months before nine 11. Yeah. Yeah. It was just a totally different experience. And then I went Japan, Korea, and Guam, all those military bases in February of 2002. It was the polar opposite from when the first time, now everything is heightened. But I wanted to do those shows and be myself because I was deathly afraid of being myself. I said, if I can go in front of the troops and be myself, talk shit, make 'em laugh, I could be myself in front of anybody.


That's why they love me. I went on many, many tours and my experience was actually that the soldiers themselves had interacted with someone like me many times and they were excited to see me versus when I was touring in the south early on in my career, it was their first interaction with someone like me. It was that polar opposite. They're actually well traveled human beings and more knowledgeable than you think. And it is not as unsafe as I thought it was. I went back to Iraq. I did shows there still with a refugee travel document in war zones. The very place that we left. And I'm doing shows on basis all throughout Iraq in the most desolated locations where they could fucking kill me and throw me somewhere.


No one's gonna care. I had some of the best sets and one of one experiences in a state in Saddam Husain's Palace, which is converted into a hotel. And I just went there just to see it for myself and collect information and put this thing to rest that's in my heart that was just lingering. And I wanted to see my aunt that I haven't seen in 19 years. She was the only one that was still living in Kuwait at the time. So it was many different things. I had to sneak into the country, basically. I'm here for the US government and kind of just moving him in that direction. He was like, okay. And he just let me in. And then when I was leaving, I stayed three extra days to see my aunt and I wasn't supposed to. Right. So the military wanted to walk me back to the airplane with the other comedian, Olivia Arrington. And I was like, we're fine. We're adults, bro. We're gonna go.


And he's like, no, no. A military protocol. I gotta escort you all the way to the plane. I was like, God damn, how the hell am I gonna do this? And Olivia's like, maybe you go hide in the fucking bathroom. I was like, okay. And then he gets a call and he runs to the SUV, see him talking and this is what's going on. He comes back, he's like, sorry guys. Bradley Cooper just landed from Afghanistan. I gotta go get him. We're like, all right, thank you Bradley. You wanna hear something crazy? I was with him. Yes, dude, that's fucking nuts. Weird. There was me, Bradley, my body just got Chilled. Yeah, that was wild. Dude. I remember the fucking flyer. It's all hitting me right now. Yeah. And We were in Kuwait and we went on a boat ride in Iraq. There was like zodiac boats and they were fucking doing cool maneuvers and shit, Bro.


I wanna like laugh and cry at the same somehow. This is so Somehow I'm involved in You getting my life is all this into Kuwait like simulation. I didn't see that coming, Bro. I didn't see it coming either. Yeah. That's when I got the fucking Food poisoning. Coming home from That. We had been in Afghanistan for eight days and I had been eating at the dac, like microwave hamburgers. Yeah. Horrible. We get to the Kuwait first class lounge and I'm looking at all this fresh tabouli and oh my God, delicious vegetables. And I'm pounding it. And Cooper goes, bro, you're going very hard on this salad bar in Kuwait. And I'm like, it's good. It's a first class Lounge. That's what gets you, by the way. It's the damn salad bar. Yeah. It's always salad mysteria. You gotta be careful. Hundred percent. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But I'm freaking out.


That's Fucking hilarious. I'm freaking out. 'cause I did tell Bradley story, they named Bradley Cooper. That's so wild that you were there. I remember the fucking poster. Was there anyone else or just you two? There's another person. It was Bradley and his cousin. Me and Aaron. Eckhart. Eckhart. Oh wow. That's God. Dude, That's really wild. We literally crossed Paths. They were literally all there at the same time. Then because I was about to say, yet, they didn't let us do shit. Anytime we tried to wander or stray or the first time I went, we landed in Qatar. The G Ice took us to a nightclub And it was like, I'm gonna go on the dance floor. I had to get that cleared. There's too much. They Don't want the drama of liability. Yeah, Of course. Getting a kidnapped or some shit liability. It's not about getting kidnapped. It's you mely making an as yourself. Making them look bad because there's literal money instinct that they get every year.


Yes, yes, yes. Last thing they want is that getting fucked up. Bozo a guy, bozo out, you know? Yeah. That's it. Like thanks a lot, but we're getting half a billion dollars over here and you wanna have a good time. And it fucked up this contract. Yeah. Yeah. Monica's so sick of this story, but I still think it's very funny that I did this. I had heard on my first tour that Larry, the cable guy, was coming the next week. And you know, they make you sign all this shit when you're there. You're signing the Apaches, the Blackhawks. You're just signing everything. Yeah. Yeah. And everything I signed, which had been signed by all the previous people I wrote on every single one. Get her done Dak Shepherd. Because I'm like, he's not gonna have the catchphrase. Yeah, yeah. I'm gonna steal it. I love It. What does he write?


I really like that lot. It's kind of like what you were saying at Kimmel. I love that. Actually, they didn't make us sign shit. Dude, you walk in black, come on, get on stage, bitch. Tell us a joke whore. Okay guys, hey, it's really rough out here. Hey, If you were tracking your standup career, what are the big level ups? 'cause of course I become aware of you watching roi, which I love. And I'm like, who's this most hysterical person who needs his own show? Show and then immediately had his own show? Thank you. That's my experience with you. So what was happening in the standup? It's different levels that you start to pass. In 2011, Dave was making his comeback starting to like really tour. And then we happened to be in the bay at the same time.


He was in Oakland. I was in the bay doing standup, And it was me and my buddy. I respond, long time collaborator, worked for years. He's like, Dave's in town, let's just go over and hang out. So I would go over, hang out with him and he was like, Hey, you wanna open? I was like, yeah. I go up. And then he was like, you wanna come tomorrow? He was like, yeah, cool. He's like, you know I'm going to Atlanta. You wanna come to Atlanta? I was like, yeah, cool. Next thing you know, it's eight years of just wow. Constant touring with him. But 2014 was the big turning point for me with Dave. He just gave me the inspiration after a show at the House of Blues in Dallas. He walks up to me after my set. He is like, Mo man. He said, it's killer, bro. What if you do a short film in front of your special, I produce it.


I think if you do it right, you could win an Emmy. And it like hits me in like the shoulder. I was like, oh shit. Short film. I couldn't sleep to save my life. It was like a week or two of me just obsessing on what this short film would be. Must have listened to a hundred tracks and really visual person. I need music to help me illustrate the entire picture. And it just clicked when I listened to Elvis Presley's. That's all right, mama. That song. That's all right, mama. That's all right now. That's all right, mama. You just do as you do. Oh, that's all right. You know, when he did that, I saw my mom putting everything together, getting us outta Kuwait. I just saw the entire thing, which is the same scene that's in episode seven now of the first season.


I wanted it to be the opening. But anyway, I put it together. I was like, this is it. I was trying to pitch Dave on it, and Dave was like, oh God, what if this sucks? You know? I inspired this guy to fucking do it. Yeah. It's A personal story To tell him. It sucks. It's always a scary thing, and I get that. But I knew it didn't suck. I knew it was a badass. Yeah, it was on the bus, on tour in Austin. I grabbed his speaker. I was like, you're listening to this. And I put it in, put it down, and I mapped the whole thing out for him and he was smoking a cigarette. And he goes, shit Mo, that's genius. Don't do it. It was special. You need to do a TV show. I was like, fuck a TV show. So I became this whole other obsession. Yeah. Yeah. So I started writing down all these really transformative moments in my life.


Young kid or teenager or an adult, by experiencing in war all these significant scenes, or even the moment with my grandmother, how she was teaching me how to eat hums. Things that I've never forgotten, that I put in season two. I just put them on index cards, scene by scene. I would work it out. So I'd had a hundred scenes accumulated that I just could mind through. I told Romy about it in 2014, early 15 actually. I was like, yeah, I think I have this idea, but I wanna do my standup special for, she goes, no, let's do your TV show. This is great. I was like, yeah, but I think I should do my special first. I did for Netflix at that point, but that explains a lot of the story. And then I can go into the series. And then he was like, well fuck, if you're not gonna do that, that I'm gonna make my own show. So he goes off and makes his own show.


Yeah. And he was like, come do my show. And I was like, I don't know, Because you wanna do your own show. It's Not about the own thing. I'm just very protective of ideas and once you put ideas out, they're kind of over with. Yeah, right. I just didn't know if it was right or not. I really wasn't sure. Because you're Playing Mo who owns a restaurant on Rami, and you're like, well, now am I stuck with that character. Right, right. People would tell me that. That was like an argument initially. And I was like, I really don't care. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Smart. Nor should you, but I could see that being something you were hung up on. That Was something I was totally hung up on. I was thinking about it. It was just like, I was just curious. And then later on, he always jokes. He's like, remember I begged you to do this shot. I was like, nah, you didn't fucking begging me. It was just going through the bullshit, you know?


Just trying to figure it out. Yeah. And making sure that it's the right thing for you and for me, like it's all love. Last thing I wanna do is do something bad for you either. It was an awesome thing, But being on Romy is the first onscreen acting. I think I did Crashing first, like a guest star. That was Pete. Pete, yeah. Pete. Show Pete. Yeah. This is an impossible question to answer for you, but you're immediately so insanely natural. Were you shocked by your own ability? You trying to be humble right now. So some, That's what I'm saying. You can't really answer this question, but I have to imagine there's a big relief at how fucking relaxed and in your body you Are. Oh, thank God. Yeah, for sure. That's an unknown. It's not easy.


Most people Are not. Most of people are bad at it. You get really rigid in front of the camera. Most people do. Yeah. I feel like I was completely born to do it. Good. It felt so good and comfortable. Loved it. I felt like I finally was doing the thing that I was always meant to do. Maybe more than standup. It's close. I love standup so much. I love standup because of the vulnerability and allowing yourself just to speak your mind and ability just to do three shows of Chicago theater, man. It's its own thing, bro. We just did 10,000 people. Like I'm just backstage, literally thanking God before I'm introduced. Just remembering sleeping on fucking floors in every spot that you can imagine, in every airport, every courtyard, anything. Just to try to make it. So I'm very grateful for that.


But this whole experience like, oh, this is what I'm built for. Yeah. I'm built to tell stories. I'm built to do television, built to do movies. Doing Black Adam was huge too. I felt so natural in all that, And it just start reflecting about my life. You know? I didn't crave myself. It's okay to talk about it like I didn't make Me, you're the product of a lot of context, but Also there's certain things, bro, that'll blow your fucking mind. The guttural feeling I had when I saw standup for the first time and the journey that it was supposed to take me on. That wasn't the first time I thought it was, but it's not. When I was seven in Egypt, my dad took us to a play and the lead of that play, his name is Aam. He's an iconic Middle Eastern actor, Egyptian.


He's like the goat of all goats, of all comedic cinema and live performance. I love this man. I watched him. I'm seven. I don't really even know totally what they're saying, but it's a captivating experience. On that trip, there is a photo that literally tells the future. If you look at that photo, I know it sounds crazy to say this, but I'll show it to you. It literally tells the entire future of what I'm supposed to do. It's absolutely baffling. And then my mom, as much as she was so worried about my future, 'cause she's never heard about standup. Is it really viable art profession or a career path? So long wanted to RRGs one. Of course, she has every right to be like this fucking suck. I know.


Engineering results in a roof over your Head. Yeah, exactly. But she didn't really understand. And then she told me recently, she goes, when you were 18 month when you barely could start walking, you're running around, you would turn off the TV and you would start entertaining us on front of the television. It's already there. I don't know why it's there, but it is there. But then this picture, bro, it'll freak you out. I gotta pull it up. Yeah, Pull it up. Yeah, we need to see it. Okay. We have the picture up. This is in Egypt. This is the last family vacation in 1988. I'm in the red Short, right? Yep. 1988. The guy that has hands on my shoulders, his name is Yusef Ariz. He's literally one of the most legendary screenplay and authors of any generation in the Middle East.


Okay. I'm wearing a shirt that's basically a US military recruitment shirt that nobody fucking knows I'm wearing. Clearly we've run out stuff 'cause we extended our stay. Oh my God. It says join the forces. The forces Kill. Kill. Okay. Yeah, Yeah. It's absurd. Right? My mom clearly run outta shit. Right. So it's there. It's gone. She just picked out a bunch of stuff. We ran out of things. She didn't even look at it. I have a camcorder. It's a over the shoulder camcorder. This is the very camcorder that I found 30 years later. That's in the series. If you watch the empty. Oh yeah, yeah. That's what I'm holding. You show Footage of your father in Palestine, Right? I do. When my aunt told me about this camcorder, I was literally asking about it two days prior.


I was on tour in the Middle East. I look at my manager, I'm like, look at this picture. I was reflecting on this photo and I was like, wait, what does this fucking shirt say? And I started zooming into it. I was like, oh my God. And I look at the camcorder. I was like, I have so many memories with this camcorder. It's insane. I was like, what's the, isn't it crazy? The guy who has his hands on my shoulders is one of the greatest writers of our generation, filmmakers, storytellers. I have a camcorder in my hand. The two main characters after me in my show is my mom and my brother and the US military invades Kuwait two years after this. That is Wild. Yeah. That's really Fucking that T Wild. It's so insane. And the camcorder itself goes missing. I think it's gone.


And bring this up in Kuwait. I'm being really reflective and it's very painful. And also I'm going there. They're building a tent for me to do a show. It's like, oh my God, what's happened? Really in this deep sense of reflection, my aunt is going in and outta memory, she's having Alzheimer's starting to really get worse. But she remembers me. She's holding my hand. Don't go. Don't go, don't go. I'm just looking at the clock. I was like, aunt, I'm so sorry. I have to go up in like an hour. I have to go. She's like begging me not to go. It was so gut wrenching. Ugh. I'm sitting there in my hotel room just crying. Yeah, bro. I wonder what happened in this camcorder. I always remember this and just reflecting and how everything is happening and I hear people cheering from outside the room to 2000 seat or whatever they built for me.


This is just surreal trying To integrate all this, Trying to just make sense of it all. Like how did this all happen? It's nuts. I was like, everybody, can you please leave? And I just didn't know how to reconcile of it. I was having not like anxiety about going on, but I just didn't know how to channel my feelings anymore. And so I called actually FaceTime Dave. He was like, oh shit man, you can have one of the best fucking sets you ever had. I already see it and I just wiped my tears. Like, you right what up? And literally one of the best I did 90 minutes just destroying the place. Free styling. Yeah. Integrating Arabic to English. It was like masterclass. It was like, fuck it. Pop, pop, pop, pop. Two days later when I'm on Jordan, I'm visiting my other aunt and we're hugging kissing. She's loving on me. She's like another mom to me. We just ate a really dense meal and I'm just trying not to like pass out, not off.


And I hear her say or her of a camcorder. That's what it sounded like to me. I was like, what? Oh God, it's so sleepy. I was like, did she say a camcorder? No. And I didn't register it. Then I see her walk back in, she has back prop. She's in her late seventies, this camcorder. I was like, what? The freaked out. And then my cousin walks in with a bag full of VHS tapes. I was like, what is going on dude, that night I'm in the hotel room, I'm staring at the video camera. I have my opening act. I Khalifa and my management stuff in the room. I can't stop thinking about it. And Idy goes, you wanna see if it works, don't you? I was like, yeah, I open it up. Yeah, plug it in.


Comes right on. I was like, gimme a VHS day. Give, gimme, gimme. Yeah. Like watching the little viewfinder first tape, Michael Jackson. I was like, oh, take it out. The next tape. Michael Jackson. I was like, guys like next tape. It's a house party. We don't know where, we don't know what it is. I watch him for about five minutes. I was like, oh, where's my dad? I really wanna see my dad. I was like, oh, he's probably filming Damnit right as I say that. He walks into the frame, he's taking pictures of everybody. He's like dancing. I'm losing it. I'm like laughing. Yeah. Crying, laughing, crying. Meanwhile, my friend Adi, my opening, I, I didn't know he was filming, but I was for 17 minutes watching, he filmed the entire thing and I caught footage of me as a little kid in our house in Kuwait.


And it was just insane to get footage from my dad that I didn't know existed anymore. Nobody had, and I found it almost 30 years later. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace and boy do we have a gorgeous website. I implore everyone to check out. We made it on Squarespace. I, and when I say we, I mean Rob. He did a beautiful job And it was very easy for him to do. So. No matter what kind of website you want to build, Squarespace is the perfect partner to get it launched quickly and easily. And their design templates are gonna make your site look incredible too. If you're trying to do some good this year, you can use Squarespace to set up a fundraising site. Let's say you wanted to raise money for first responders or families impacted by the recent fires here in la. You can fundraise directly on your Squarespace website and grow your impact with built-in donation tools. Create a professional on-brand site that makes it easy to accept one-time or recurring contributions and engage supporters with built-in email campaigns and marketing tools you can connect with your community and inspire more people to support your cause. They're making it easier for you to make a difference. Another reason Squarespace is a company we're proud to be partnered with. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


We are supported by Skims. You guys know I love Skims. I talk about it all the time. Ad nauseam, maybe too much. I don't know, never enough. They did recently send me some new products which were so great. One was from the Ultimate Bra collection, which was really fun and I got to do a little unboxing everything. They're bras, they're clothes, they're all so comfortable and so cute. That's the through line. They have it all. They have made comfort the priority. Also what I really love about them, very inclusive, the bra colors, if you're going nude, people's nude is different and they really do. Make sure to have all the availability. Check out Skims for yourself and find out why Monica can't stop raving about this brand. Shop skims Ultimate Bra collection and more@skims.com. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcast in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


We are supported by ship station. Boy did they bail us out. We had an incredible merch drop recently. Thousands of orders came in. Carly would've been buried without ShipStation. 'cause life can be unpredictable and if you're in charge of order fulfillment for an e-commerce business, you know that it's its own special kind of chaos. ShipStation is the partner you can count on to help your day-to-day stay as calm as possible. Save hours and money every month by shipping from all your stores with one login, automating repetitive tasks and finding the best rates among all the global carriers. You can focus on other parts of your business because ShipStation takes the worry out of your shipping and fulfillment processes. You'll never need to upgrade. ShipStation grows with your business no matter how big it gets seamlessly. Integrate with services and selling channels you already use and manage orders on one easy dashboard. Calm the chaos of order fulfillment with the shipping software that delivers. Switch to ShipStation today. Go to shipstation.com and use code Dax to sign up for your free trial. That's shipstation.com code. Dax,


Did it almost help you go? Oh yeah, that was real. It did. That's a great way to put it. It's So far away in so many ways geographically and time-wise to see it. I would imagine you going, oh right, I haven't imagined this whole thing. No, this is absolutely real. And of course seeing my mom and young and she's serving fruits. Yeah, there was a tape where we were at our house and my dad is very hospitable. He just loves artists as well. He'd have people, there was the guys reciting poetry, free styling and they would get your name. He would go Dack D and d, you know they would play and they would go on a rant about you. It was so special. And I'm sitting there wide awake and all the little kids are like sleeping except me. You can tell I'm loving this. You went in on it. It Was super cool and just having footage of my dad grabbing me like that, it was just killed me man.


I was like so happy While I'm recreating this scene in the series, I forget that I'd, 'cause I cast him as my cousin in the show and as we're about to do the scene, he goes, remember I was with you when that happened? He's like, remember I filmed it? I was like, oh my God, Eddie. That's right. I sent it to my editor. I was like, Hey, here's the doc footage of me discovering it. Here's the actual footage that's on there. If you could just hold it for me and then do a rough cut at the end so people know that. A real story. Yeah. And when I saw it in the cut, I lost my fucking mind weeping. Like what did I just do? It was like one of those things. Yeah, that only the divine can facilitate something like that. It's impossible. I Think it's hard when people die, you kind of remember their death.


That's the first thing that is top of mind. So to click back into their life when they were happy and joyous and living with vitality, that's a gift. I feel that. Oh That's beautiful. Now the show is twice a hundred percent on Rotten Tomatoes. You won and I'm very jealous. There's only one award I've ever coveted and I campaign for all the time and I don't even know what it gets awarded for, but The Peabody. Yes. That to me feels like, oh you transcended Hollywood somehow. It was beautiful. It's kind of a rad group to join of the people. Sure. Malcolm Gladwell. I Felt that way about the a FI too. Its just in a room And it only picked 10 shows and 10 films and that's it.


That's so cool. And you're just in that room. You're like, oh my God. Sigourney Weaver, fucking Steven Spielberg, James Cameron and I talking about watches like Better Call Saul is honored so you have everyone there, Bob Hoki. I'm like, what's going on bro? It's nuts. And then they bring in Al Pacino to tell a story like Outta Nowhere. And it is like hate award shows. You know, I really hate a award shows but because there's a bunch of losers but you guys are all winners. That's nice. Yeah, that's nice. Who? Who He really walked in like that. He was like, I got a paper, I got a speech. But I fucking hate papers. I just wanna tell you a little story. One of the best stories I ever, I don't, you know, the first role I I godfather. You heard of it. You know, I can't believe it. I'm fucking doing a godfather.


I just gotta tell you before this though, you know I did a lot of drugs and alcohol. You know, it got me through a lot of hard times. Oh it was really worked out well for me. I'm not advocating for it, I'm just saying it was really good for me. Lemme tell you something. Did I get nominated for an Oscar? I couldn't believe it. I got nominated for an Oscar. So what I did was I, I took so many fucking quails. I drank so much. I was fucked up outta my mind. My manager at the time had to wash my hair, couldn't even wash my fucking hair. Takes me to the Oscars. You know, we're at the Oscars and I'm sitting in the chair just fucking losing my mind, high outta my mind drunk. And then I realized, oh my God, what if I win? I gotta walk up to the stage.


Oh no, now I'm panicked. I look over major. I was like, is it almost over? He goes, it's only been 40 minutes. We've still got another three hours to go. He goes, oh no. Three hours. I can't handle it. And he was so paranoid. I'm so paranoid about it. What if I win? I gotta walk on the deck. I can't walk. It's impossible. I can't even stand up. How am I gonna go give a speech? It's not gonna work out. And it comes up, our category finally comes up and I go, the winner is Jack Lemon. And I fucking celebrated, you know, I was so fucking happy. And the next day in the papers they were like, look how beautiful Al Pacino is. What a great supporter of all supporter Jack Lemon. And I was just happy I didn't fucking win and have to walk up on a goddamn stage hysterical.


And then he goes, okay, I'll read from the paper now since to, he was like right there. That was a great experience. Yeah, that's right. But it seems like the show's wrapped up. Yeah. Yes. Look, you get as many swings as you can and you don't know how many you're gonna get. So I feel sincerely this second season is like a masterpiece. I feel like the eighth episode is something so unique. Chris do gave me one of the sweetest compliments and he was just like, you did something really dangerous but never inflammatory, which is an enormous feat. And it was tender, it was thoughtful, it was sweet, it was heartfelt, it was funny. And kudos to you when he said that to me, I was like, thank you. I felt really seen.


'cause it was almost basically an impossible position to be in. Do you talk about October 7th? Do you have it? Do you get into it? Did season one wrap on October? No. Season one didn't really have a particular date to it, but I decided to date the entire second season. So when it opens up in the first episode of season two, you could see it September, 2022. And then it takes us all the way to October of 23. But then the, the whole season ends on the sixth. Yeah. Of October and Tel Aviv airport before their strip search. So I did that very deliberately because every time I started, first of all, if we talk about it then that means the family doesn't get to go back. Obviously they can't go back and visit if there's a war going on, not gonna happen.


Secondly, you're making everything seem like it all started at that point, which is also not fair. And people need to know contextually what the world looked like before that. Thirdly, every time I started getting into it, it became a full blown drama. And the base of the show is comedy. And we explored it. I wanted to see what it looked like. I'd do a gut check right away. It was like, does not feel good. That's not it. You only have two seasons. This is the best foot forward here. And if there's a scenario where a third comes around or the question comes up, do you want to do it? Do you want to get into it? I'd have to really think about it because I genuinely believe I'm being objective. Sincerely. The first season was really, really hard and I'm blessed that we able to get all the accolades we did for the first season.


But what I was able to pull off with the second season, I feel so blessed that I had such a great sports system. Wife. My having a son at the same time, being so focused on nothing else and just so zoned in about making sure to tell the best possible story. And I feel like we did that. I'm so relieved. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. 'cause it is an impossible position. A lot of opportunity for failure. Exactly. Whenever you take on something that has about 90 ways it can go bad and then a couple it could go good. Well also people who have their own projections on the subject matter, which Is Everyone.


Exactly. Which is immigration, Latinos. It's not just the Palestinian family. It represents many different buckets. Right? Yeah. We go into a detention center in episode two. I've never seen that in any show. Much less a comedy. But also telling these detailed stories, showing also how privileged I am as a refugee in comparison to other people's experiences. Another guy's talking about cartel apprehending them for four days And he is like, how'd you get here? Like, well, I took a bus And then I took a swim, short swim. And They tried to make himself feel better. Like, well, you know, and the nineties we flipped the Gulf War, you know? And then we took a flight, I think it was Delta. So just showing how absurd even I am in my own scenario. Yeah. And I just love that misdirection of it. Like you think it's gonna be a hypersexual comedic situation and then it goes into a political conversation, which things do, especially in that environment.


I would put the mask on. Yeah, I would. I couldn't do it if anybody else in the room. I have performance anxiety for sure. Any sexual activity for Sure. State Master wants him to fuck his wife with A A Ludo mass. Yeah. Ludo Mass. Oh yeah. He's also Tino to do It. He doesn't want to do it. I was, oh that would've been easy. I physically can't do it at all. And so I was genuinely me. I choice told a line between the character of myself. But I remember having like a girlfriend and she had this dog and he kept looking at me while we're, I was like, dude, stop looking. I was like, I can't, you gotta get this dog outta here bro. This's making me feel terrible about myself. Our old dog. She loved to watch more than just, I'm so shy bro. I'm telling you, I'm super shy. Even if it's a pet. A Loved one. Yeah. This is like, bro, what are you doing?


But our dog, Lola didn't just want to observe. She wanted to like walk around and get a little closer. Sometimes I feel fur on my leg. No, Come on. Yes. And then I was like, Lola's a fucking pervert. And I was like, wait, is that what's going on? Or when Lola looks at me, I feel like a pervert. I'm aware of how perverted I am with this third person. I'm really sad we brought this up now. No, it was fun to play with that. Okay, so now you're on tour. Yeah. And the name of your tour is And also Palestinian tour. The Palestinian bar tour. The Palestinian Bear Tour, which is a play on the character in the show is just side jobs to make a living in Mexico. He's a ludo, but he's really just there to get his ass kicked.


He doesn't have any skillset whatsoever. No, I did a few of those takes, bro. That shit is real, man. It hurt like a motherfucker. My back went out a few times, I'm like, dude, what is going on? They're like, hold onto the rope, squeeze your abs, then we're gonna hold you from your ankles. But you gotta hold yourself plank. I'm like, Who? I'm not planking. It's an extraordinary plank. I could plank for several minutes. Shockingly I can do it. Do it Off. Offend you didn. I knew you were a good planker. You Can't tell on face value. Already know. No know knows. You're a good plank. Yeah. Thank you. I appreciate it. Well for real. It is a female. It's like kicking my ass and I'm like, bro, this is it. Where's the stunt guy? Get him in there. I thought this was gonna be fun.


This was disaster. Get outta the suit. It's hot. I'm sweating. Oh, I did Black Adam. I can do my own stunts. Let's go. No, I can't. I can't do all of them. That's not your lane. Driving a car like a lunatic and getting thrown from the ropes are completely different things buddy. Yeah. Completely different things. So How many dates are you doing? I think I've done 45 already. I'm not sure. You can get tickets on my website. Mo Amer dot com. M-O-A-M-E r.com. You follow me on Instagram. I gotta film another special. So I'm just going hard. I want this to be spectacular. I want it to be the best special that I've ever done. And I feel like with getting older, having a son and what's going on in the world, the way you filter things, the way you see things, everything is different.


I see things really differently as a father, as a man, just coming off of season two itself and how really massive lift that was and relief of seeing people, the reception that I'm getting on the road now, it's one of the most beautiful things. Yeah. How is your Instagram? Because Instagram is, well social media is a cesspool. Yeah, it really is. It's tough. It's tough. Do you face a lot of backlash and weird stuff there? I try not to look. Okay. Number one, I really, really avoid it. I have a team that curates, I prove everything 'cause I really don't wanna spend my days online. Yeah. And on social it was so time consuming and vacuous and everyone's just yelling at each other.


Exactly. No one's really making sense. There's no actual progress being made. It's Just people declaring what side of every fight they're on. Exactly. And then the worst part of it to me is no one's listening to one another. So you're talking and I'm just thinking about how I'm gonna respond. You're not there to learn anything. You're there to broadcast your position and To fight. Exactly. So I've avoided that. And sincerely I haven't had any issue. Like with season two, I think that the balance was perfect and the fact that it was based off of my actual experience in life. And then you can see not all of it, surely you fictionalize certain things, but a substantial amount of it is copy paste what the divine is given on a silver platter. You don't wanna mess with that. You can't write anything better than that.


You're Holding the camcorder. Yeah. Just go with that and build around it and making sure to expand it and make sure it flows into the overall story. And that's it. Stay focused and have the right balance of comedy and drama and emotion tapped into it. And take people on this ride and let it do the talking. Well not to be too corny and make you uncomfortable. I appreciate it so much. Rami for me was the first big, like I really, really enjoyed almost being forced to see what the experience is like. Yeah. And same with you. And so I'm grateful we live in this. The negative would be like a niche economy of content. But the great part of it is I get to watch Atlanta.


It's a great era. I hope the pressure doesn't stop these stories from being told. Yeah. That's the scary part is that a lot of people at my shows be like, how'd they let you do it? One guy said, how are you alive? I was like, bro, pray for me. What the fuck you talking about? Come on live. It's a good sweet, honest. That's how shocked. Yeah. It's a, people are a scary time because that's extreme. The suppression of free speech has become, and if we don't like what you're saying, then we can just literally deport you to another country. Like what the fuck is going on right now? I know. Yeah. I don't really worry about it, but it just hope that it doesn't happen. I hope that the artist community specifically here in LA and Hollywood to understand like, we need more of these stories. You can't suppress speech if you don't like what somebody's saying.


You just need more speech. Right? Yeah, exactly. You need to counter don't do less. Everybody gets to share their stories. You don't have to love it. You don't have to hate it. You can appreciate it. Yeah. Well have fun touring and then also act more. 'cause I love watching you act. You really are just born to do it. You're so effortlessly comfortable. Mo, I'm delighted to meet you. So much meet you. I'm so glad you you came and did this. This Was so fun. Yeah. So good to know both you really, truly, this is so fun. This. Oh good. I really, really What a great experience. I'm gonna do this in my garage. You should. You really should. You got a garage? Just me just sitting there. All you need is a garage. Love. Right brother, thank you so much. He is' an our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God.


Monica's here. She's gonna let him have the facts. Oh this is fun. This is so you hit me with an idea. Yep. Which is after we chitchat for a while and we get into the facts. I'm gonna cut your hair while you read the facts. Yes. Because you have boasted many a time about your haircut capabilities. Yeah. And I've never experienced it and I need a haircut so badly. I know, but I told you this is not the situation. Like I need you on a tall chair in the kitchen with a lot of light and we gotta discuss what you want. But you ju what you're telling me is you just want the ends trimmed. I mean you can do some other stuff if you want.


That's Some big new layers. But be careful so you can play with it a little bit. Okay. We'll see. We'll see what we can do. Okay. But I do have my tools. I got my tools. Yeah, You got your scissors and your Brush. I'm like, normally I would use this comb. But I was thinking your hair, I don't know if I can get this comb through your hair. Can I? So have you ever, I brought one of the girls' brushes. Have you ever cut hair on a podcast Indian on an Indian woman's head? Yeah. I only do Indian women's. Oh, Then you'll, then you'll be fine. You'll be fine with that comb. Do you think all Indian women have the same hair? I mean they seem to, from my point of view, they, it seems pretty similar. I don't think they're exactly the same. But yes, I think there's thick a thickness.


Yeah. Although Matt once told me, Matt, our friend who's a hairstylist told me that the actual strand itself is of mine is not that thick. It's more like medium. It's the density. There's a lot of it. So density. Density. Yeah. I've never seen a blonde Indian. Let's start there. No they don't. No. It's like green eyes. Cat eyes. As your father would say. Well Green eyes happens there sometimes. But no blonde hair. No. Right. No. I've never heard of it. Seen. There's gotta be albino Indians though. Well Exactly. That would be the, that would be the only way. Albinism. We learned a cool word today on armchair anonymous. Oh Yeah.


Edenic. No, Edenic. Edenic. Yeah. And it Meant to describe an environment as Eden like. Like the Garden of Eden. Yeah. I liked That den. I liked That too. God, I'm glad you remembered it. 'cause I had, I said out loud, I'm gonna commit that to my Repertoire Repertoire. People love your David Chang story. I just wanna add that. Oh good. I, I looked at the comments and people, many people write, this is all of us. It's all of us. Right? Yeah. Yeah. We just don't know how to operate in the world. Humans do not know how to operate. We Get so nervous as if like people get punched for doing it wrong or something. Get so frustrated. I did send it to Callie of course I sent hi her the text. She said, what is going on? And I responded and she said, but where is the bread from?


Oh, We still don't know a really important Rob can. Yeah. I'll ask. He'll handle that right now. Can you find that the bread that his children didn't eat? Yeah. That he brought home for his children. I was gonna say, oh what you got there about? Oh, There's a bit of a standoff in our household. So Kristen, as you know, you've tried it. She's in her sourdough phase. I've Never tried hers. You Haven't Lonely Amy's. What about at Molly's birthday party? She brought over like two fresh loaf. You didn't get into it? No, I had some. I cheated. And I also, I was like, you know I already told you. So I'm like, no, sourdoughs got the least amount of gluten I can eat it. And I had it. There's nothing better than sourdough out of an oven. Mm. Forget it. Yum. But anyways, my kids are like, where's the white bread?


They Miss the white bread. Yes. And griffin's like, I'm making the bread. You have homemade bread. Right. Rightly so. Right. And delta's like, I want, I want little square white pieces of bread. Yes. And I get it. You definitely get it. Of all people. I get it because I'm a trash monster. I like crappy stuff. No, When you have your, you have your five dishes that you make that you used to make. Those were your special dishes. And one of them is a tuna chicken salad sandwich. Excuse me. A chicken salad. It's been a minute. It's been a minute. I haven't had it in a while. Chicken salad. That, it's hard because I don't eat bread anymore and I gotta just eat this and watch you guys. Yeah. Well you can have it on this sourdough I guess.


How often are you cheating with the sour? I'm not, I, when she got into the face. 'cause you can't imagine waking up and the whole house smells like a loaf of sour grow. Like it's actually now maddening that I, I don't, I had a, a week of it. I'm like, yeah, this is where it's not working. My skin started flaking, my wrist started hurting. Yeah. I also gained, like immediately I just mysteriously gained like eight pounds. Sure. Well we Yeah, Go ahead. We, what did we talk about that I gain and lose weight really quick? No, that like, I think you are just underweight. Like your body wants to weigh more. So of course it's like getting something and it's gonna hoard it. I don't Know if you inception me, but I've been eating more. Oh Yeah.


I'm not sure. Is it that or is it that you're, you got back from New York and you had all this yummy food and now you want yummy food. Well I Then I got back down to 1 94. Right. And then I think vanity, I'm like, I don't like my face at 1 94. No. Maybe you are having, you know how they call 'em sympathy pains when a woman is pregnant? Yeah. And then the man also experiences pains. You know, I gained a crazy amount of weight when Kristen was pregnant the first time. And you said that was like sympathy weight or something. I just don't know what it was. But I find that every man I know has done that when their wife is Pregnant. But it's not just because like the woman is eating more.


So then I think she's like driving it a little more. 'cause she's got these weird urges and there's more shit around. And maybe that's part of it. And maybe you are like, you know, like if you, I want people to think about this. The next time you're at a booth, at a restaurant talking with somebody, start paying attention how you inadvertently mirror each other's body language. If someone puts their hand on their rests, their, their face on their fist, you'll do it. Just be aware of it. I mean we don't In here. Yeah. I wonder if we were at a booth at a restaurant, we would Oh, thanks. We had an expert on say yeah, we did something about dad bought that. Like the, the husband or the father stores bo fat differently in his body when his wife's pregnant.


Oh. Knowing That he is not gonna sleep and Oh, Interesting. But my big thing was we were at one of the checkups and I just hadn't been on a scale in like four or five months. Yeah, right. And I got on, I was like, oh my God, I've gained 22 pounds. Yeah. And I didn't even notice. Yeah. I think it's maybe more that like she's eating more. Oh yeah. There's more on her plate. Literally. Yeah. So then you're just matching that. Yeah. Something happens, but anyway. It's pretty consistent. You might be having sympathy, weight gain. Weight gain from us all being on our periods. Could be. That's a good story. Whiskers. Oh, okay. Oh no, don't, this is, Yes, of course.


This is a good story. This is Embarrassing For her, is whiskey. No, I, I don't need to say who. Oh, okay. I mean, Why is it embarrassing to have a period? I would be embarrassed. I'd be, yeah, I'd be embarrassed by that story. Oh, okay. I don't think she would, but I won't risk it. Okay. Well there's a woman, but there's only, There's a lot of women in my house. Okay. Nicole's there nonstop. My sister's there nonstop. I got Kristen's there nonstop. This is a bevy, but you're in and out of there. Yeah. It's not me. I do wanna Make this point. You pop some tampons in those trash cans for sure. Maybe years ago. I don't really use tampons anymore. Oh, you're over it. I use period underwear. Okay. That's the rage I use period under.


And there's a lot of rages. People use the cup. Yeah. We talk about this. You don't, I'm afraid your auntie. I'm afraid that I'm just afraid of I'm not anti. And we have a friend, we won't outer, but we have a friend in the pod that uses the Diva Cup. Yeah. And she also told us a story of someone she knows. She was at a wedding and a girl's popped it, you know, pop and locked. She was dancing. She was dancing. And the cup spilled. It Fell out and on. The blood flew everywhere. How does the cup pass your underpants? She wasn't wearing any What? A kinky bra. She's on her period, not wearing undies and on the dance floor, popping and locking. Who, who is this woman? Do I know Her? No. If you're able, I mean, it's like suctioned up there.


You should be able to keep it. You should be able to go underwear list a lot to a wedding and a Dress. I mean, technically, I, I'm sure when I wore, Wore, you don't think that if I did something like that, you'd be like, that's so arrogant. You know, you would, Yeah, I would say that. Yeah. But listen, I have, I'm sure at some point in life when I was wearing tampons, wore a tampon without an underwear. Oh, definitely. Like at a, at a on in a bathing suit. But your bathing suit's the underwear. You're not not wearing underwear ever. No. But, and then, and then add, then you're on your period and you decide that's when you're gonna not wear your underwear. Listen, Lemme tell you why. If you're wearing a certain dress, like let's say you're going to a wedding or something, and you're wearing a certain dress and you don't want underwear lines, you'd go without, Even in the day of the thong and everything, that's still an issue.


Even Still depending, I mean, there are some good underwears that you can use, but there are certain dresses that's like, you can just see it. So there are times that I, I Gotta go to more weddings. There are times that I haven't worn underwear. You Raw Dogg it. Yeah. And then I, No commando. I commando. And if I'm on my period, fuck it. That's a tampon. And I, I'm not worried a Tampon. Can you think of a specific time ever? Like, this sounds so theoretical. Can you tell me a time you were on your period, put a tampon in and went out of the house with a dress on and no underwear? I've been Is that a real, I've Been, my period for, I mean, years. I was, I mean, since I was 11 or 12.


You got it at 11 Or 12, I forget. Do you live next to a nuclear reactor? No, I was an early bloomer. Okay. And anyway, I have been on it for a really long time. And then I, I like, I know the feeling of what it is to have a tampon in and not have underwear In your house. I'm asking house. Can you think of a, are you, are you telling me right now you have a, you have a memory of going out on a dress? Yes. No. Undies on your period. Yes. I have a sense memory of it. I don't have an actual memory of it, but I have a sense memory. Dax, We have a commitment to each other here.


Exactly. To be honest, you can't Feel like, and to believe each other, You can't feel like you did. You'd either. You gotta say I did or I didn't like that. Well, that, That's not fair. Okay. I apologize. Listen, I remember I wore a dress sort of recently that I didn't wear underwear. Okay. I do know that. Right. And I kind of feel like I was on my period then. Oh, Okay. And I think I wore a tampon specifically because I don't really wear tampons anymore. And I remember I had to wear it. Yeah. Because Of this Wear. It's weird. It is weird to say wear it. I know one wear a, a tampon. Put one in. I had to put one in. Yeah. Plug, plug. I will, I will. I would never be worried about popping and locking and the tampon falling out.


No, of course. Yeah. So I can see why the Diva cup, you wouldn't, I have no experience with it, but it seems crazy. There's a cup in there that's relying on a suction seal and that that seal couldn't break anyone who's ever used any suction cups. Yeah, they're Wiley. But it's more, it's like, I think it's like big. So, so the fact that the whole thing is up there, it does feel like it would Be, is it like a tea cup? Like kind of, I think but rubbery. I think Cup. But as big as like a coffee cup. No, Not a cup. No. It's like a Golf ball maybe. No bigger than that. Much bigger than a golf ball. Natalie. Natalie. Natalie uses Them. She does? Yeah. Does your dog ever eat it? No.


Okay. Well, let me get to the story. Okay. Fine. Tell the story. There's A lot of updates on whiskey. Okay. A new update on whiskey is, he's a bad to the bone. That doesn't help me. Do you see it? Because it needs to be next to a big lighter or something. Here it is next to A micro penis, A tampon. Oh, okay. So it's the same length as a tam. Okay. So whiskey gives, you need to know some updates about whiskey. Okay. One thing is he's bad to the bone. Okay? He's killed over a hundred men. What are you talking about? Whiskey's eaten 100 men. He's bad to the bone. Okay. You just really wanted to say bad to the bone. I'm like, well, Liz, I wanted to tell you about whiskey.


I know. Well, you know, first of all, he was trumping, he was president of the hallway. Right. And I wanted to tell you about that. And you seem to enjoy that. No, I wanna hear about whiskey. And I, I know he is bad to the bone. He's, he's eaten 100 men and 150 women. But he doesn't talk about that. It's bad to bone. No, he, he's something kind of like a tiger torito. Okay. So he's bad to the bone. Okay. And someone in my household put a tampon in the trash can, which is advisable for your plumbing. Correct. So I'm, I want to high five this unnamed person who put a tampon, 'cause whiskey's bad to the bone and he loves blood.


Ew. He went and ate the tampon. Okay. Oh Yeah. Then. And I am get, she won't mind this. I just want you to know she won't mind this. And this is a big honorable mention. 'cause this, I've said this before. My sister Carly is fucking down when shit needs, when the gnarly stuff needs to get done, my sister will do it. She Will. She is, she's fearless. So they were taking whiskey back to the bone, to, on a walk. And he pooped out half a tampon. Yep. And then a little while longer, he pooped out, tried to poop out the rest of the tampon.


And now the cord, the string, the rope. Oh. And now he's got a rope hanging out of his butt. And he's a bastard. Right. So you can't get close to him because He's Oh yeah. He'll bite you Bad. He'll bite you, he'll eat You like the a hundred many. He's eaten. And so Carly's trying to get this fucking thing out of his butt and he's trying to bite her. And this whole thing, it's a battle. Then I guess she had to take him to her house and put him in the sink and get him warm water on him. 'cause he calms down and he gets a bad, oh my God. And then she had to pull this thing outta him. Oh. Oh, these dogs. Man, You are so lucky that your sister did that.


Yeah. Because he would've died of TSS. That's what, that's what Kristen goes, I, is he gonna get toxic shock syndrome? I'm like, no. Your butt is so different than your vagina. No. Yeah. Maybe hit hit. We don't know about his. You need To get a proctologist on. I don't think you can get toxic shock syndrome in your butt hole from a tampax. I sure You can. A day. And it, it's a tampon. A Tampon. And Tampax is the brand I prefer kind of like, I like Huggies. Tampas Radiant. They always man these ad campaigns. And I, I tip my hat to them. 'cause what a product to have to sell on TV. And you know, they have these commercials and someone's like sailing, they like to put you like in an nautical situation.


Yeah. Because you, that's when you need a tampon. When you're in a bathing suit. That's why. Yeah. This is more, I think like, oh, it's gonna be a long sailboat ride. I don't know. It's always like, someone's in a field and there's a lot of flowers. Like they're trying to de-stigmatize. I guess it keep whiskey away. But yeah, they got a name it, whatever name I just a radiant or something. It, I just, I think they have their work cut out for them and I applaud them. Yeah. Yeah. I get it. God bless 'em. Well, you gotta sell. Depends. Yeah. Hard product to sell in Some ways. It's a hard product in some ways it sells itself. 'cause like well, you You mean 'em. Yeah. You, no one's on the fence about getting Depends or you either need fucking depends.


Or you don't. Well maybe that's why tampons have had to step up their game because there are competing products. Period. Underwear. I don't like the, the branding of this. Why Do you like it? Period. Underwear. I Mean that's what I call it. Has The grab my period underwear. Don't you think there's a, like I think the Tampax people should take a stab at period underwear. 'cause I think they could top it. Well It's not all Like freedom panties or something. You Let me Finish, please. Yeah. Sorry. I'm so excited to talk about female products. I know. Okay. It's, it's, there are brands. Nicks Nix is a brand. So you don't, you don't have to say period underwear. You can say like, get My nixies. Sure. Nixies regular Nix. Yeah. It's got it already starts with an X.


So I'm, I love it. Isn't NIX And then there's one Or is it N-I-C-K-S. KNIX. Well, great. KNI. So like knitting and Then there's thinks that's a huge brand. Another ax. Yeah. Lot of acts. This is a trusted letter in the vaginal space. It is. Maybe they are steal, not stealing. Maybe they are, they are Inspired By Yeah. Tampa. They're building upon the Tampa pack. Yeah. The trusted, the trust that these people have tirelessly built with this product. That is di you know, this Is, look nothing against the tampon industry, but this is better for you. If I was in the ad game, I would want to get put on Tampax.


'cause you wanna bite off a lot. You know, like, you want to challenge, it's like if you're an actor, you wanna play someone dying of something or whatever. You know, you want a challenge. And I would like, I think to cut my teeth and make a name for myself. I'd love to just like blow out a tampax campaign. Okay. How are you gonna get these people back on tampons? The people that have left to the cuff. You want me to Na like right off the cuff? Yeah. Yeah. You're in a meeting right now. Here we are. Okay guys, our sales are plummeting. And Why? Because there's all these competing trends now that, look, I hate to say, and this doesn't leave this room. They're better for the women's bodies. Wait, Nothing is better.


What if you're sailing The cup is you're Supposed to carry, what you're trying to tell me is a woman on in her cycle is supposed to have a purse full of underwear. No, they'd use the Cup. That's not a move for an elegant lady out on the town. You. Yeah. See this is where the Fact that you gotta carry extra undies with you. What are you talking about? Well, Once you've, once you've soiled your nicks just like a tampon, you gotta change it. Well, no. So you Gotta change these onions. Not like you. No. You wash it. You, you, you technically rinse it out. Yeah. Oh see Yeah. This is, I got a lot to work with here. But hold On. Also, the cup is different. Are you Forget the cup. We're tight. Well, That's a huge Thing.


This is tampax versus underpants. Okay, fine. Are you trying to tell me that the day you get your period, you put on a pair of nicks and you leave them on for the duration. Okay, great. But I leave mine on all day. Even a very heavy, heavy day. I wanna be, choose my words carefully. Yeah. I, I do my flow. Yeah. Even at its heaviest, one can sustain it. What if you go on a sailboat, Then I'm wearing a tampon. Bingo. So we build on that for the, for the adventurer, for the person engaged. Sure. If you're a couch potato, wear nicks.


If you want to get out and see the, if you don't want your period to keep you sidelined on the bench, you still want to go sailing and go to amusement parks And get tss. There's Only one brand for you. 'cause you can carry extras in your purse discreetly like an elegant lady. Ew. I no one wants to have no one. You know what I would do is I would have, thank you Monica. Here we go. I got my pitch. Okay. We start the commercial with a woman in line at an amusement park. Everyone's having a great time. Her child asks her for a sucker. She goes in her purse to get it. The purse comes dislodged and on the ground tumbles five pairs of underpants. She's mortified.


And then a girl next to her looks at her purse and she's got Tampas in there. And then she winks pretty good spot. No one wants underwear to tumble out of their bags. I would at the amusement park, Monica, a hundred percent. No one wants tampons to fly everywhere. Well, They want it 'cause they're not humongous. Like Yes. Like underpants. Or if they Think it's a sucker, God, we know men, all the men off of this campaign immediately. This is so embarrassing and bad. Absolutely not. Absolutely not every woman has been in a situation where a tampon's fallen out and it's like the most Mortifying. It Is so upsetting.


What would, when your, when tampon falls outta your backpack, I want you to be, please be honest with Me. I'm, You get to choose. Yes. You, you're, you are on a date with this unnamed guy that was at Saturday Night Life and your purse falls over and either a gigantic pair of underwear, fallout. 'cause they're big right. To cover everything. Hold on. Am I imagining them correctly? We're not. Okay. I need to take, Okay. Okay. You call time As we've established, I am currently on my period. Yeah. So, Fuck. Where are you keeping all these other underwears? Exactly. Where do you see there's no, I'm not carrying any underwear. There's no underwear in my bag.


You Don't? I think you're reckless. I think you need to pack a pair on you. I'm not gonna say who I know. I know someone who wears them and they, they go through a couple a day. Yeah, sure. Some people do. Yeah. Same as your tampon. And so that person has to carry an extra pair of these grundle around. Okay. Okay. So we just can see the fact that someone might need to be carrying Sure. Rundle with them. Now, my question is, your purse falls over at dinner on a date with a boy you like, in either a very large pair of underwear, fall, start That. They're very, they're not as big as you think. I You think they're diapers? They're not diapers.


That's another great angle. I'll start calling him Ds. No. Stop. Okay. Listen. I never know when the fun's gonna end. Listen, I've put up with a lot here. Okay. Okay. Okay. If this man would rather me get tss slash have to put cloth up my pussy, Save cotton. Please don't use that word in the campaign. That's an off putting one of the consumer pussy or cloth. Yes. No, no. That word doesn't work in advertising as much as I wish it did. Thank you for explaining that to me. If, if this man, this hot man who I think is kind and nice.


Yeah. And from another country, this man is, Oh, that's, you're giving away a lot of clues. Now. I think this man from another country really understands that You better find out that Americans are crazy That other country's a lot more buttoned up than this country. No, but not in this type of area. Oh yes. No. Yes. X You dunno what it's like to be a woman. I know. I don't. But I do know the difference between, I won't say the name of the country and our country and we are much more foul. Not in the female hygienic space. Guys there are like, ooh, about everything. No, but in general, I I they wear more pads there.


Okay. Okay. So, so the the answer, your answer is Yeah, I like lock in the answer. You'd rather have a big pair of underwear fallout than a tampon. No, that's, I wanna get a little more nuance. I wouldn't And stop saying big pair of underwear. Okay. They're bigger than the ones you normally wear. Right. They're not like there's a pair you'd be happy to fall out. Right. We agree on that. Listen, I'm currently wearing a thong period underwear. Oh, This is why I'm saying you don't understand what's going on. I haven't seen on seen that product. I've seen different versions. Yes. And it looks, it has lace. Oh wow. It looks like underwear. Okay.


Okay. Hot underwear. Okay, great. Right now what I wouldn't want to happen, I will say, I will say this. What I would not want to happen is my bag falls out dirty. Period. Underwear falls out that Now, and be honest, you're not gonna pitch 'em in the fucking trash can when you switch. No grundle in the toilet. So yeah, there's, you could be in a situation where you're carrying. I'm personally not though Use, use. So I can't. But for the person who does have to change midday, they have to carry that around. So, okay. They clearly, now they also have to carry a Ziploc bag. Great product. I wish I was on that campaign. I swear by Ziplocs. Now they have, not only do they have this, you know, Go on A pair of underwear.


I'll leave it at that. Thank You. They're soiled. Yeah. In a Ziploc bag. I mean, now this is a little, this is crazy. 'cause the guy who's not as be careful what you're saying and a feminist like me, who I already know about all these products. You but for the untrained guy, Okay. He sees a pair of undies in a Ziploc bag. Monica, I'll tell you a thousand percent what he thinks happened, she shit herself. Okay. That's a Ziploc bag full of shitty underwear. Okay. And is it hot? Well, now you're, now you're that's an interesting counter. See now listen, this is what I, yes. What I rather a little tampon Delicate.


It's not delicate. It inspirational. What was it called? Radiant. Radiant. A radiant tampon falls out. Okay. Falls out. Yes. I would prefer that to dirty period underwear falling out at a restaurant in A Ziploc bag. Better in a Ziploc bag at least than on its own. But it says they poop themselves. If that happened, the underwear Ziploc bag slash regular stinky underwear. When it happens, You I would say, Ugh, that's embarrassing that, oh no, this is like David Chang all over again. No, I would address it. I would address it.


I'd be like, and There's flies too. Just, there's immediately there's a fucking swarm. In fact, before he even sees it, he hears, whoa. Is there a swarm? I heard a swarm of flies. No, I, and then whiskey Runs across the restaurant. Oh My God. I would say I, I don't wear tampons anymore because I, they're not good for you. Oh. And I, I would say I'm so glad you're taking care of yourself. Exactly. And that's the end of that. Yeah. Don't you think? Well, okay. Say say that again. Ugh. So that's, I'm so embarrassed. I'm so embarrassed. I just don't wear tampons anymore because they're not great for you for women's bodies.


And because you not, you don't wear tampons anymore. You, you had an, you pooped your pants. Oh no. Is that what you think? Yeah. 'cause it's in Ziploc. Oh, No, no, sorry, sorry. It's just, it's just underwear. Oh, I'm starving. Let's see. The All men off the campaign Now let's see what kind of appetizers they got. You're Not, can we have a can of raid? Like you aren't having sex with people on their period. Oh, absolutely. I love it. I love it. Please. Yeah. One of my, yeah, I'm, I'm gonna leave that there. Yeah. Yes, of course. I don't give a shit. I also don't care if you have shitty underwear in your purse.


But I do think I'm a rare, rare customer. I think you are probably a rare customer, but I like, I would be like, oh, so glad your shit your pants. Now I gotta tell you about 25 stories. Yeah. Look, it's tough. Yeah, it's Tough. Okay, well, mother's Day's right around the corner. So think about getting mom either of these options. Whatever you found would be a compelling argument. There's, We've said three now. Diva Cup. Yeah. Underwear. Yeah. Choice is yours. If you're a popping locker, you wear dresses. These are all things you gotta consider. Yeah. They're great. I'm just having fun. Mm.


I'm having a good time. And you are too. Mm. Okay. So anyway, she pulled the tampon right out of there. She's such A gangster car. Right. And Do you think there was now poop there? Lemme be honest, if I ever got in a situation where I, I had accidentally killed somebody. Yeah. And it was one of these scenarios where it's like, there's no way I can, my story's not gonna hold up. Like, literally the choices are, it was an accident. A Yeah. Yeah. And my choices are call the police and go to prison forever. 'cause it looks insane. Yeah. Or get rid of the body. Yep. And I can't do it myself. I do need one person. Okay. And Aaron's in Detroit. Oh, okay.


I'm calling Carly. I I, that's The thing. That's the right call. Right? I mean, I'm upset obviously, but that's Not your blame. Well, cleaning up bodies Cutting up a body. Oh, It's cutting up. Oh God. And thought we were bearing it or putting it in the ocean or something. It's Robert Durst. Okay. Yeah. I'd rather not. Right. You know, there's other calls you'd rather I would keep it a secret. Yes. I would trust you to tell you this happened. Okay. But I'm talking about the dirty Business. Yeah. I'm just also not very strong. Even though I've been doing my farmer's caries Intermittently. I did 'em last night. Oh, you did? Yeah. Oh, good. While you were watching er No, when I was going to and from, I just do getting a Glass Of wine.


I see them kind. Do you Ever do 'em on your way to get another glass of wine? They're like right there. I mean, I can't say I haven't done them after a night out. Sure. Well of course. 'cause you're feeling stronger than you. Exactly. You're feeling like overly confident. Yeah. I think I actually am ready. So I have been doing two forties. Yeah. I think I might be ready to move up. Good. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm not, I told you, you, I'm not going very far. How far are you supposed to go Longer than to your kitchen? Probably. Well, I go back and forth until it feels like it's really falling outta my hand. Hand. Okay. You think that's bad? I think you can look up, I wanna say they're supposed to last either 30 seconds or a minute.


Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I don't do them, so I don't, I don't know. Okay. I'll look it up. Okay. You wanna do facts and get a haircut? Oh yeah, I do. Okay, great. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by any Anytime Fitness. We're all about striving to be the best version of yourself, both mentally and physically. Moving your body is a great way to build strength in both areas. If I had to lose anything in my routine, the very last thing I would lose is my physical fitness routine. And, you know, I'm now lifting heavy weights. You've even got some heavy dumbbells. I've got some heavy, because I have to get my bone density Yes. Tip top because perimenopause ladies. That's right. You, the, the more fit, the stronger you can be, the better the rest of your life's gonna be. That's right. To get stronger mentally and physically, go to Anytime Fitness, you'll get a personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan all customized to your body, your strength level, and your goals. You'll get expert coaching to optimize your results anytime, anywhere in the gym and on the Anytime Fitness app. And you'll get anytime access to 5,500 gyms worldwide, all with the right equipment to level up your strength gains and your life. So get started@anytimefitness.com. That's anytime. fitness.com.


Well, I'm just gonna start by saying this will be my first haircut I've ever given sitting down. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, you like to stand? Well, have you, no one's ever cut your hair sitting down. Right? That's a crazy, Huh? Yeah, But that's okay. Okay. All Right. So it's, first I'm gonna start by grooming you. Okay. Okay. Don't forget to do the facts though, because Oh, I forgot. That's also your job for the listener. I already forgot. Like, if you're watching, this'll be fun, even if you're not giving facts, but for the listener, you're gonna have to give your facts. Okay. I just really like it when people brush My hair. Yeah, I bet you probably never want the haircut to Start. Yeah. Can we just, I can see why you want trim. There's, see, yeah.


You have some strays. It's really, it's gotten really outta control and A lot of 'em are kind of mid-level, so that's a little tricky. Those are the layers. Yeah. Well, okay. We're, we're gonna start, we're gonna start at the bottom. Okay. Do you want me to do anything with my head? No. Okay, great. Yeah. Okay. Now the facts. Yeah. Tell me about the facts. Tell Me when you're making your first cut. I already did. Wow. Were you not scared? What happened? I just fucking Cut myself. Oh no. You know why I always cut? I cut like this. Monica, I cut like this and because your hair's down here, I have to cut like this and I just cut my finger. It's okay. Oh no. Are you okay?


We're gonna continue on. Oh God. Okay. Get me one of your with Nicks. We're wrapping nicks around this in my bag. See how, how absorbent it is. Okay. Okay. Are you sure you're okay? Yeah, Absolutely. Okay. Now this is from Mo. Oh, wonderful. Mo Amer. Mo Amer. This was a great episode. Really interesting life. Yeah. Incredible. We've had, we've had a few people on lately with really interesting lives. Yeah. John, John Bethal Mo. That's it. And that's where it starts. That's pretty much it. Okay. Now I have to check myself. I said that we had someone on Armchair Anonymous who told a story about how they pooped in the aisle of a plane And it got everywhere And it got on the flight attendant.


Yeah. I Didn't remember that story when you told it. Did that not check out? No, it happened, but it was the flight attendant called, it was flight attendant stories. Oh, okay. Okay. That makes more sense. Or plane stories or something. And she told it from her perspective. She's the one that got pooped on. Oh Yeah. As if the job's not thankless enough already. I know it's one of your main Defenders stick Up force. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I enter, I enter the plane a little bit. Self-fulfilling prophecy. I'm, I'm suspicious someone's gonna try to be mean to them. Yeah. You want it to happen? Really? I don't, but I'm, but I'm looking for it. And you find what you're looking for. Yeah.


That's like the best way to sum it up. How's it going with the haircut? Pretty good. Okay, great. I'm bleeding pretty good, but that's okay. Oh my God. It's okay. It's okay. Should We put the caut We cauterize at? I'll put a, I'll put a, a bandaid on it for sure. It's gonna get a bandaid. Okay. Well, do we wanna cauterize it? Well, the chemical cauterization. Yeah. That we just learned about. That we just learned about. That's an Easter, Easter egg farm chair. Anonymous. And it's a dick. It is a dick. Okay. When do Michael Cha and Colin Joe do their, like swappy Or they write jokes for one another That happened at Christmas? They might do it more, but that was at Christmas.


Seems to be the Christmas present they give us. Yes. And then last time they did it, they talked about Scarlet's vagina And it, it, it caused Some, caused a little bit of a, Caused some issues. Oh my God. D hold On. No, no, no. Keep going. Sucked. I just showed Monica the ble. It's okay. I just dabbed it and got a bunch of hair inside of it. Wait, Everything's Fine. Do we wanna get everything? No, everything's fine. Continue on. Nothing's happening. I'm nervous for you. Oh, don't Be nervous. Okay. This is not my first time bleeding. Yeah. But I caught, I feel bad. I think that, you know what happened? This is God smiting me for all the period talk.


Oh, now he's given me a lot of blood. Well, her, now we know God's a woman and she has smed me. You're right. It is a ding, ding, ding. Wait, Can we pause for one second? I am gonna get a Mandy, 'cause I'm gonna have to pull out the layers a little bit. Yeah. Okay, great. I'll just get, I might have one in my bag. Do you want me to Go grab one this Carly inside? She probably is. Yeah. Yeah. I'll go grab one. Okay, great. Be careful not to get any blood on your white shirt. Okay. I trying not to get blood on my white shirt. Are you so far happy with the cut? YY Yeah. I mean, no, we're just, we're just No, because You just started happy. Okay. Okay. Don't be upset.


Don't get upset. Okay. Now why shouldn't adults get their tonsils removed? They will experience more pain and slower healing compared to children. And there's a higher chance of complications like bleeding or infections. Okay. I am gonna have to get your hair. Your hair's gonna look crazy in this interview. Great. Or not, not interview, but fact check. 'cause I'm gonna have to flop over the, the layers. Okay. Over the back of your Head. I don't, I don't even know what that means. Okay. 'cause like that's haircut lingo. Okay. Yes. So I still don't really understand it.


Like, it may must be the size of the tonsils would be my guess. Right. The bleeding's, the issue. Yeah. There's like bleeding. But you'd think a kid's tonsils would lead to more bleeding because They're, okay. See, here's what I'm saying. You're gonna have to deal with the, oh, Oh. Do you want me to hold, hold It? No, it's okay. Let's get a little blood in there. Oh, great. Right now a next area. Okay. Now when did the US enter the Gulf War? January 1st, 1991. January 16th, 1991. Oh, Okay. God, I really thought, thought it was right on my birthday.


But I mean close. Maybe not. Maybe they were about to, so they probably talked about it. Okay. Now the Kuwaiti citizenship thing, I'm gonna give your hairstylist credit. This is a complicated cut you have. It is. Oh yeah. That's Jenny. That's why. Oh yeah. That makes me Hi. Hi. Paul goes, he comes in and he goes, dad cut his, your dad cut his finger. We have a Bandaid. Yeah. Yeah. Gimme a manna. And I was like, What? And he was like, cutting Monica's hair. I was like, What? What's happening now in this show? Yeah. This is, I think what we refer to as jumping the shark. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. This may be the last successful episode of the show.


Oh my God. I know. He really did it. And Monica's hair's In it. Yeah, that's what I told Her we should do We wanna rinse it off? No, we'll do that afterwards. I just need to stop it so I can finish this haircut. Why did you let him do this? Well, I actually, I asked, Requested asked for it. You should have seen my hair. It was way too long. Oh, your Arms Do look right. They're really bad. Thank I Thank you Lincoln. I love you. Hide your face. Okay. Make Sure it comes out Alive. I'll do my, I can't guarantee it. Okay. But I'll try. Do you know, I was telling Monica that whiskey's a very bad man who killed 100.


Man. You said he is bad. Bad To the phone. Doesn't like, she doesn't like it. Well, no, I just don't like, well, as you know, I have my struggles with whiskey. Yeah. Everybody does that. Yeah. There's nothing unique about that. He's a prick as the whole family will tell you. But he's killed 150 women and he doesn't even care. Oh, He doesn't talk about that. He doesn't. I think he's ashamed that he's killed that many women. Well, that's a nice way he than men. Yeah. Like men deserve to get killed. I took it. I Took like he's so proud of himself that he did that. That's just like an unspoken, Like he doesn't even achievement. Like it's tougher to kill the men. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Mind that he did all of That. Ugh. Like he doesn't even think it's a brag.


Exactly. So he doesn't mention it. I'm gonna be honest with you. Like this is gonna be fine and you're gonna need to see Jenny when you get home. Okay, I will. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Okay. Yeah. Great. Yeah. I promise. Shout out Jenny Cho. Best hairstylist in The world Alive. Okay. Well I'll let you guys continue. Thanks L Thanks love. Thanks for saving the day. The hair. The show will go on. It must Well, okay. Bye bye. Bye sweetie. Love you. Okay, now back to the fact. How's the blood Blood's done it. We're all done with blood. Great. It didn't bleed through the bandaid. Nope.


Great. It's not like that penis story. I don't think I'll need a chemical cauterization. Okay. Now I asked ai Okay. About the Kuwaiti passports and stuff. Okay. In citizenship and I, it said in general, no, being born in Kuwait does not automatically grant you Kuwait citizenship or a passport. Kuwait follows a Jew song greenness that means right of blood principle rather than J soli right. Of the soil. This means that citizenship is typically passed through Kuwaiti parents, not by birthplace. A child born in Kuwait to non Kuwaiti parents does not automatically qualify for Kuwaiti citizenship or a passport.


There are very limited exceptions if a child is born to unknown parents or in specific cases where the father is unknown. But the mother is Kuwaiti. But those are rare. Great. Yeah. I Mean, not great if you're born there. I feel like you should be a Citizen there. Oh me, me too. Yeah. Yeah, Me too. So not great, but Great. Not great, but great for the information. Great To find out. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. The pea bodies. Do you think maybe we'll get a Peabody for this fact check? Oh, this might be the one. I mean, I bled for this episode. Yeah, you sure Did. That's what I'll say at my speed and yeah. And so did I Quite a bit of blood. Oh yeah. We're both bleeding. Rob, you got any blood back there? Not yet.


Okay. The George Foster Peabody Awards are simply Peabody Awards, or the Peabodys named for the American businessman and philanthropist, George Peabody. Honor, what are described as the most powerful, enlightening, and invigorating stories in all of television, radio, and online media. Because of their academic affiliation and reputation for discernment, the awards are held in high esteem with the media industry. And as I told you, they're presented by the Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communications at the University of Georgia. Ding, ding, ding, Dingoes. And we still don't have one. Even though that's the case, which is pretty upsetting, Doubly embarrassing for us.


It really is that we should have a home court advantage and still no Peabody. And they, when you're in college there and you're part of the journalism school, which technically I was, because my PR degree was with Grady. Okay. You could apply and basically audition slash tryout to be one of the like student judges. And I did that and I did not get chosen. You could have been a voice in the pea potties. Correct. Oh Wow. Anthony got picked. Oh God. He is. I'm impressed you're friends with him. Yeah. It speaks to my, because He kind of blows you away in a lot of these competitive situations.


And you still love him because he just killed you at mj. Major Dong Mahjong. Yes, he did. He did. He won like three outta three games. Yeah, I guess that's true friendship. It is, It is. That's how I felt about Aaron. Like Aaron was just so much physically superior to me in everything boy related as a kid, his coordination and his athleticism was off the charts. Like we both tried out for the basketball team in seventh grade and I didn't make it and he didn't even want to do it and he made it and then he just didn't play. Sure. That reminds me of an even worse thing that happened with Anthony. No, with Callie. So when I lived in, Oh, I remember the story Somehow, I think, what was That?


When I lived in Atlanta after college and I had an agent and was trying to work in Atlanta before I moved to la You know, the auditions that come through aren't that frequent. Right. So it feels like there's a lot of pressure on them. There was a commercial audition for, I don't remember, it was a fast food brand company. Yeah. And, and they basically said like, bring a friend to the audition because you needed to like be interacting with someone in it. And she booked it And she didn't wanna be an actor.


No, She, she wasn't there to act, she was there to just be there with me and do this thing and then she booked it. I am pretty sure I did cry about that. You did? Yeah. I think so. Aw. But you guys made it. Oh yeah. I didn't blame her even then. I didn't blame her, but I was like, man, I suck. Yeah. A non-actor beat me. Yeah. Oh yeah. That's, that's rough. Yeah. I'm sorry that happened. Thank You. You just gotta stick with it, you know? Yeah. War of attrition. Well, we've cleaned up the back. Okay. Yeah. I mean, again, Jenny isn't, she's gonna need to come in here, but, okay. Lemme just do, I'm just want, I'm gonna flit around a little bit while we Finish.


Okay? Yeah. 'cause you said you like to be playful. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm gonna try to clean up just some of these strays. Okay. I'm gonna tell you right now, you are free of gray hair, which that's nice. Yeah. I'm good for you. Did you pull any out? No. You didn't see any? That's good. No. I mean, there's some that are like a slightly different color, right? Oh God. But they're not, they're not gray. I don't know how to do this, but let me just check a look at the side here a little bit. We did not touch the sides. Which conventionally, you want to cut the whole hair? Oh, is that normal? That's what I've been told. Okay. Are you regretful right now that you didn't take this opportunity to shave one side of my hair?


Stop. I can't believe you guessed this. I brought this down in my pocket. I was like, is she gonna see this thing hanging outta my pocket? This whole thing was leading out. No, this whole thing was leading up to freaking you out and just going, It really feels like you're doing it. Stop, stop, stop. Did you get some? No. My God. Oh. Oh my God. Okay. Well it looks a little healthier back here about This part I'm holding.


I already did that. That's why you were holding it. Oh, Phew. Okay. So it's done. Yeah. I mean, I should probably just quickly look over here. I didn't look anywhere over here. Let me just quickly see what we got over here. What if I fucking shaved a side of here and you were so mad. Yeah. And then you looked in the mirror and you were like, fuck. I look awesome. I Mean, this was your opportunity. Oh yeah. Well, there'll be others. You're cheap. No, you're not even cheap. You're lazy. Lazy. I've been trying to coordinate with Jenny for like a month. That's just, Oh my gosh.


Okay. Alright. It's, It's a little better. It's definitely less straggly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was. It was a little wispy. It was a little too wispy. Yeah. Nice. How do I look? That's an improvement. Yeah. Yeah. It's better. Okay. Again, you need to see Jenny. Rob, What do you think? Yeah, it looks good. Okay, great. Looks great. It looks, looks Good for the camera. Gorgeous. Alright, well that was great. All Right, Rob, sit down that I could actually do a good job. I think you did a good job. I did a fair job. You have way less split ends, Right? All right. That's it. Love You. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24, I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.