
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dak Shepherd, and I'm joined by Monica Lily Padman. And it's important that you make that clear today, Because there's two Monicas here today. Yeah. On a second trip. Yes. Monica Lewinsky. Welcome back. Monica Lewinsky. Yes. This was really fun. I really enjoyed this one. She has a new podcast out called Reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky. She has incredible guests. Yeah. And the theme's really awesome.


It's about Reclaiming your identity. Yes. Obviously she has had a very unique life. Yeah. And she's generous in talking about it, which is, which is really nice and helpful. Like she said. So many things that I think are gonna resonate with a lot of people. Yeah. She said one thing that I was thinking about for days. What? I don't wanna say it. Oh, you don't wanna spoil It. Yeah. I don't wanna spoil it. I just think, I think it's gonna hit with some people. Yeah. And I hope it does. And I BTS, we were in some emails after and Emma was talking to her team and they, they were like, it's so confusing Between the Monicas.


Yeah. So they had to start referring to it as my Monica. Oh, I like that. My Monica. Yeah. Please enjoy. Not our Monica Lewinsky.


We are supported by Quince. Something about the weather warming up makes you want to get outside and go somewhere new, doesn't it? It's the spring travel itch. Oh my gosh. It's Spring break is upon us. Whether you're in school or not, you should still take a spring trip. Yes. I'm taking the girls to Hawaii. If you've got spring break travel plans of your own, get where you're going in style by treating yourself to a first class quality suitcase at an economy price with Quince. Quince has premium luggage options and durable duffel bags to carry it all. We've told you before about how we love our apparel from Quince. So many cute things. The cashmere, it's so soft. Beautiful sweater. But also I have these knives from Quince. Oh. That are incredible. They do have really, really, really high-end products. They're the greatest. So you can get ready to head out with your quince luggage and stuff it with some fresh outfits from Quince and look amazing on your trip too. They've got it all. For your next trip, treat yourself to the luxe upgrades you deserve from quince. Go to quince.com/dax for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


We are supported by Addie Banin, the little pink pill. Ask your doctor if the FDA approved little pink pill Addie is right for you. See full prescribing information, medication guide and boxed warning regarding severe low blood pressure and fainting in certain settings@adi.com slash pi or call 8 4 4 Pink Pill.


He's an Rob found that I didn't even know about it. And apparently I was in the dark. People made fun of me, But, but you love it, right? I love it. And immediately, yeah, you and Rob could have some weird male, female home goods store that would service both. Let's Do end of those. I'm goods. Do it. Oh my God. Exactly. Thank you. Feel so short in this. It's A little sinky. Well, you know what's nice is the complaints are universal.


They're not Consistent. No one likes it, but for a myriad of reasons. So we can't even really figure out how to fix it. This is the third couch. Oh, okay. And again, it's not like everyone's like it's too deep or it's too shallow, or it's too this. It's just for you now it's too short or I'm too short. I think It is. I think people sink in it a little bit. Okay. Okay. How are you doing? Good. I'm a little tired. I was like, oh, this is not the kind of mindset you wanna be and go to try to sound like a human. No. And I also keep thinking there's an earthquake happening today. Oh, you do? What is that about? Is there No, not, not Like have a premonition or you're Feeling it.


No, no. It was like three times today. I sort of was. Oh, was that an earthquake? Okay. So a little on edge maybe. Oh, I don't know. You're anxious. Is that it? You think? Okay. Would it comfort you at all to know that I too don't feel energized and bright. Okay. Me Either. Actually, Maybe Some weird thing with the moon or, oh, I have Like that heard March has a lot of astrological issues. Oh, tell us about 'em, please. A couple retrograde, some other Big things. Mercury and retrograde, which makes sense that here I am coming back to the podcast. That's Right. Circling all the way back. What do I have some, do you have a hair? Oh, a hair. Oh, oh, oh.


They're so precious. I'm fighting so hard for every one of them. Do you have, let me start there. We're of the same age. When's Your birthday? January 2nd. I just turned 50. Oh, No, no, I'm older. Yeah, you're Like a year and a half older. Okay. Get over it. But congratulations. Oh, thank you. Right, exactly. I Really well played. Did you buy a jumpsuit on your 50th birthday? I already Owned like six. I had a whole jumpsuit phase like two years ago. It Was a good phase. But I guess what I'm asking, is there anything you're in a full fledged battle with? So for me, it's my hair density. Okay. And I'm applying with a dropper in the morning and at night. And I hate what it does to my hair.


It makes it really crunchy and greasy. And I'm like, yeah, I just gotta fucking deal with it. I think sometimes the old issues that you kind of go, wow, I've been working on this for a really long time. You just observe it showing up in a different way. Ah-huh. So I think I had one of those this morning of, huh? I don't wanna get too detailed, but I've talked about this thing. That's probably not the thing you should talk about when you have a first conversation with somebody that you've been set up with romantically. Ah, probably not the thing to talk about Too intimate Overshare. Yeah, Probably. I do that. It was an overshare and I felt really comfortable with the person, which was nice. But then after I just thought, okay.


But I also told that same story the other week to, in a way that was a little inappropriate. Clearly there's something that I need to deal with about this whole thing. I sound super cryptic. Sorry. No, I love it. I really wanna have coffee so I can be told the same thing and then levy a verdict. There's two ways to think about it though, right. One is, you go ahead and be you and you're gonna weed out whoever that's not the right fit for them. Right. 'cause that's served me really well for 52. Well, that's What I was gonna say. I think one and a half years. So that's one side that's defendable, but then the other side is exactly that. Yeah. I do that and it does weed out people. And I think the people I'm weaning are the people are probably better matches for me. And I'm probably attracting like-minded, hyper explosive, overly intimate, very quick.


And you gotta figure out which side of the line you're on. I think we're all very self-aware people here who are aware of ourselves, our emotions, our behaviors, how we wanna show up in the world as opposed to how we do actually show up in the world. Yes. Right. And so you just keep trying to chip away and move towards something. Yeah. And they're just those moments where you go, Gabe, I'm not there yet. Yeah, I agree that we all think we are. But do you think it's an illusion of self-awareness? Huh? Say more on that. What Do you mean? Yeah. So I guess what I'm saying is I think we are all semi self-aware and we know how to read a room. We know how to do this stuff, but we are who we are. And at best it's a con.


And at worst, we're not even impressing upon people what we think we are. I think a lot of us have the illusion of it, but really we all know who each other is. Okay. I'm gonna show off for a second. Yeah. Do it. My therapist told me last week, she made a comment about, can you see how much you've changed and how much you've evolved and healed in these certain areas. Yeah. That's huge. Come on. That's a win. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If the self-awareness weren't real, you wouldn't have these evolution. You wouldn't be course correcting In behavior. So are you gonna become somebody totally different to who you were in your natural state? Probably not. But I think we can mature and heal. Evolve. Yeah. I do too. I don't think this is binary. I don't think it is like Yeah, right.


I don't think it's binary. I don't think it's like self-awareness is of total illusion. And you can actually know how you're coming across. I think there's a big gray area in spectrum there. I mean, it's interesting. I don't know why this is what comes up, but I remember when I was learning how to do public speaking for my Forbes talk and then the TED talk, I worked with someone who's a delivery coach. Because the way you think you're delivering something in your head Yes. May not be how the audience is receiving it. Ooh, that's a great question for your podcast. Yeah. Because I had the very, very stark example of listening to me argue with Kristen. Yes. In your early. And I was like, Oh, that's not how I think.


I argue in my head. The experience is way different than now. I'm objectively listening to it. Have you had some aha moments if you had to listen now to yourself for hours On so many levels? Yeah, there is one, which is the fact that I'm so lucky. I have super deep trauma of having to hear my own voice. Oh. Because of Linda Tripp taping me for 20 hours and then I had to authenticate the tapes. Oh, you did? Yeah. So I had to sit in the independent council's office listening. It was awful. Oh My God. Hold on one second. One second, one second. That's Torture. No, no, it was, that's what they should have in Guantanamo. Even Take it out of the insane context it was in. If you just said, Hey, by the way, we have 20 hours of you and your friend Aaron talking now sit here and listen to it.


The things I would say with Aaron and I at a table, there's no way I wouldn't be. I go to make it through 20 minutes of chatty. Oh No. Oh, it was so awful. Whoa. If you were asked to recall a conversation, you would probably not remember all the likes, the ums. Oh yeah. You would try to remember the smart erudite things you said. Yeah, exactly. Incredible point You made hour 10. Exactly. Not the snarky things that you say about people you love. And I never liked the sound of my voice to begin with. So all of that. And then of course they became public. You had come to terms at least with That's how my voice sounds, right? You'd already crossed that? No. Oh, no, no, no. Okay. It was just pushed down on the list of awful things. There's that where it's just like my voice.


My voice, my voice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then also this thing about repeating myself. Even I listened to our first chat, half of it on the way here. 'cause I was like, what if I tell all the same stories again? What if I'm actually not as interesting as I think I'm, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But I think too, in terms of listening, it took me a handful of interviews to feel like, okay, maybe I cracked this. And I was so proud of myself. And then I listened and I was like, oh, I wasn't actually, maybe it was good because I didn't say very much this time. Monica, Have you broken any bad habits? Yeah. Monica edits. So she has, yeah. That's to hear every single thing she says, I at least get a version.


By the time I hear it, it's been dramatically cleaned up. So even at that, I've got a lot of work to do. The editing process is very interesting. Especially, I'm kind of pivoting I guess a little bit. But especially if it's a fact check and Dax and I are in something heated, having to edit that is always tricky. Because first of all, I'm like, I have to hear that again. Normally if you're in like an argument with someone, you leave, you both retain the state, you Step away from it. Yes. You step away from it. So you have distance. So then it fades. Also, you leave thinking you were right or the points you made were right. I think of the ethics all the time that you have to have when you're editing arguments between us, you have so much integrity.


Because to keep in a great point that someone your adversary can quotes made, it's gotta Be hard. Did not adding lots of ums to Yeah. Of all the out. It's made me better just as being able to be objective about the show. Because there are times where I am like, I Monica wanna keep this in because I think I come off better. Or it's the point I've been trying to make. Yes. And he is doing the thing I'm saying he is doing. But I know it's not additive to the show. It's not good. It's gonna make people mad and I have to cut it. But there's so many times that I leave and I'm like, I'm keeping that in.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm not killing this darling. This one's gonna be there. I'm gonna leave it. And then I in in the edit and I'm like, I gotta get rid of it. She has a ton of integrity. I just wanna scream from the rooftop. Yes. That's really nice. She has incredible integrity. Aw. And often I imagine myself in the same situation as her. And I think I have integrity. Yeah. But it would be really hard. Forget whether or not I could pull it off. It would just be like, fuck. Okay. Also, I think in some ways it's bad for us because this happened recently. We had a couple people on the show that I have very different opinions with. Wait, Can you say who? Yeah. Andrew Schultz. Who came out today. It was a great episode. I was very happy with it. Comedian. Right. The comedian. And then someone we haven't had on yet. So I'm not gonna say who.


Adolf Hitler. We Had slightly different views. Slightly. Yeah. Vladimir Putin. You know, we do these episodes and then we leave. But then I, that week was editing both of those episodes. So then when we came into the fact check, I came in so hot, Loaded for bear one way. Yes, totally. 'cause I was in this other zone. And then he just wants to talk about regular stuff. I'm like, no, Men Are a problem. And he's like, why are you saying this? And it's 'cause I've just been in this mindset. It's really hard to compartmentalize. And it's in your ear. You're listening. Yes. Did you have A background in storytelling that led you to the editing part? Emma, one of our producers, she gave me a really good compliment the other day.


'cause I love writing. And I, Monica write a Lots, a great Writer. This Monica is too. I'm just kidding. Both Monica Monica's in the room. I know. And Emma said, because I was like, oh yeah, I do wanna eventually like do more, more writing. Get the fuck out of this. No, no, no. Do more writing. And she was like, you write every time you edit an episode. And she gets a cleanup of it. So she sees it. She's like, you are doing that. You are creating a story. And I was like, that's nice. Well, She's a great writer. She's written tons of stuff for Kristen over the years. Oh, I didn't that being here. She was a UCB person. So she has the background to do it. But no one should ever feel bad for us. We have literally the nicest job in the hot planet Earth. The best job ever Earth go through stuff. It's just random order. You can't predict it.


It just happens to be two male comedians that have this stuff that happened. 'cause they both have specials coming up. And then for two or three weeks of our life, both through the interview, then the edit, then the fact check. We can't not be in the cloud of that experience. Yeah. And it is just kind of funny. I guess it's great actually. It keeps life novel, which is we're always in some weird cloud of whatever the guests were And we're being authentic. I mean, I guess that's the other thing we're maybe trying to compartmentalize, but it's really hard to do. You're gonna bring in where you're at mentally. How deep do you get when you hear it has pretty much a good pass and done. Yeah. For the most part, I'm hearing version two.


Okay. But then sometimes I'll go back to the assembly for the interview and then I have a great moment of being like, wow, you fucking didn't ask that question. How could you not ask that question? Right. As a follow-up of assuming I had asked it and just passing judgment on people going, why would you cut that from the conversation? And then yes. Turns out it's not essential. I'm so glad you're laughing at me. No, it's such a insular, weird thing. Thing Is, it is. Has it been hard for you to ask the next deeper question? Like they've offered to pursue a road. It happened one second ago. You say the Linda trip tapes. I like you. I don't want you to have to get embroiled in any of it.


Also. That's fascinating. I need to know more about sitting and listening to a conversation. Right. So it's like those little nudges you have to give yourself those come easy or hard for you. They're hard for me. Probably a little bit. 'cause I'm codependent. It's really important for me that somebody comes to have a chat. They feel safe, feels protected. Exactly. Yes. I don't wanna trigger anybody. I don't want someone to be upset. So I think it's probably that. Yeah. And then still, because I just did my 12th interviews, that's still kind of new. I'm definitely present. I'm definitely having conversations that are interesting to me. Yeah. And exciting to me. But I still feel like I could be more present.


Not As worried about that thing you're creating. Right. Or trusting myself too. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Just trusting yourself that you can sit down and have a conversation with someone. I think especially with the show and the theme of Reclaiming, it's not hard hitting. And so my assumption has been I can sit down and have a conversation with anyone and it'll flow out. It's not something Will will Come. Right. But that takes trusting your side. That's The of this experience, I think is you just get more and more confident. Oh, the thing will happen. It always happens as I keep staring at your 500 million Dreams That, yeah. Turn that around. Come on. Yeah. That was Movie Podcaster brag.


But that's a bit bragging, but that's amazing. But back to the thing of asking the follow up question. I think as long as the next follow up question is something that I am really interested in that you might think is too vulnerable. But I know and trust in my heart that the answer to this is not going to alienate you to people. It'll actually endear you to people. I'll make those judgment calls, right? Where it's like, yeah, they went to five. My interest is I want seven. What happened after that? And if I have a lot of faith in the fact that that piece of information will just make you love the person even more, then I don't mind kind of, I guess Pushing. Well, do you wanna ask me something so that people love me more to No, it'll happen. It'll happen. I wanna already love it.


No, actually, haven't you felt that over time, just you, the more people have gotten to know you, You're pretty universally. Yeah. I've only heard amazing things about you. Obviously. That's so that too nice. As much as people hate that couch is how much people all love you. It's like kind of universal. That is very nice to hear it. Actually, it was a span of a year for me. So I turned 50 the year before in 2023. And then it was 10 years in 2024 from my first Vanity Fair piece. And I did a lot of personal spiritual growth work going into my new decade and into this last year. And the number of, I don't know, see, you're making me emotional, but the number of times in that period that I just would pull the car over because I'd start to cry or be in conversation with someone and just thinking about how things had changed in a way for me that I just never could have imagined.


And I'm so, so grateful. Yeah. You said turning 40 was absolutely miserable. Yeah. But turning 50 was fine. It was Great, actually. I had a lot of acceptance. You were kind of in a coma for a decade, right? Yeah. And then 40 to 50, you came out Kind of blossomed, you know, moving into 2014 and the essay, I've done this, I can now call it resonance work. People understand when I say What's resonance work, It's like sound based, but vibration and resonance work. Like EMDR? No, I've done EMDR, but I've worked with someone for probably over 15 years now on repairing my energetic bodies and field.


And he uses sound to re-pattern your field. Oh, wow. It depends on how woo woo you are there. Yeah. But I've just called it consciousness work or my energy work. And one of the first things we did was around changing my relationship to fame. Ah. And so my whole goal in that was bifurcated into two things. One being, being seen from my true self. And the other was, it sounds so corny, but it's just leading or coming from compassion. That's what I want my resonance to be in this feeling of when we have compassion for other people that boomerangs back to us. Yeah. Right. Right. And my story's such a collective story. And so when people would have compassion for what happened to me, that compassion would radiate.


Okay. So I think if we plotted your experience with fame, it might be the most extreme that we've ever had that I can think of. Probably, yes. Total pariah of a whole country to a lessening degree globally. Two, I really think pretty universally loved. I think when people see or hear your name, they have a good feeling and Guilt. I think everyone also has a collective feeling. Sure. Of Guilt. Oh Yeah. Like, ugh. Yeah. But I guess from your perspective on the inside of that, to have been on both ends of the dynamic extreme, how do you trust either end of it? I could imagine you being loved and really having an impossible time accepting that.


Yes. And then even thinking, okay, great, you love me, but fuck, I know where this ride goes, it's gonna flip again. Or It could, and there is panic of that For you. I'm imagining reality itself is a little harder than it is for the average bear because it's been so extreme in both sides. A hundred percent. And also too, you know when you're writing and there's a seed that starts to germinate and you kind of go, I don't know when this is gonna grow and I'm gonna write this thing. But I've had this thing for quite a while now where I've just been thinking. I've also seen different angles of power and felt when power shifts, how that impacts other people too. When Me Too happened and I just started to find myself invited into rooms that I wouldn't have been invited into the year before.


Oh yeah. Yeah. I wasn't different. Right. But the world was different. Caught up to you. And so what are all the pieces there that lead to those shifts, and what does it mean, which is interesting to me. But I think the fame thing is very strange. I had somebody say once famous, just more people knowing who you are then you know of the other. So it's like strangers knowing who you are. This asymmetric. Yeah. Yeah. Right. There are trappings that can come with it. And usually it's the positive side. You have a lot of resources and help. And the negative is you lose your anonymity. Yeah. And privacy. Did you Have resentment when that power shift happened when you were invited into the rooms? Were you like, yeah, I've been here the whole time and now you're letting me in.


Maybe 20%. I think just having experienced the depths of sadness and lack of purpose. Hopelessness. Yeah. Hopelessness. Yeah. All of those things. What the fuck am I gonna do for a living? Yeah, exactly. How am I gonna ever date a Guy? I think that 80% was just the gratitude of that and 20%. But to that point, it's why I really disliked the word reinvention. Oh. Like, oh, you reinvented yourself. I think, no, there was nothing wrong with me. Yes. I evolved. I matured. The world changed. But that reinvention seems to imply what was there before needed to be changed. Yeah. Okay. So the 10 years, really, I would argue longer, 16 years from 98 to 2014, you get your master's in social psychology, you do a lot of things.


You attempt a lot of things, but you're kind of frozen as well. Do you think you're younger than you are In some ways? Yes. Yeah. Not that you're immature, but I was just like, oh, you are not your age. No. It's a very strange thing because I think I had to mature and grow up faster way too fast in some areas and in others, very stunted. And also, it's interesting because I dated somebody who has had an addiction that was in, its sort of wildest throws for a decade. And he and I were talking, he was like, well, the decade where I should have been meeting somebody and having those kinds of experiences Compromising And Right.


He's like, I was in the throes of my addiction. And I too had lost that decade when you're learning to date and you're learning how to be in relationship. And I had lost that. Also. I also remember reading this interview with Matt Damon that I think he was saying his brother had this theory that people often remain this sort of same maturity age when they become famous. Famous. Yeah. Like it Dos there. Exactly. Sort of frozen in amber in one of those moments. Oh gosh. If Everything you want is happening perfectly, why would you change? It would be counterintuitive to say, everything I'm doing is working perfectly. Let's change up this recipe.


I think it's much easier to go, like everything's in a shambles. I need to take a look inward and figure out how I'm fucking all this up in this pattern I'm in. Always results in this. So I think for the young movie, star Wars, like all of a sudden, super rich, everyone likes you, career fulfillment, and they're gonna go back to the drawing board. That's a big person that does that. That's true. Can I ask, and is long distance more appealing to you? No, But I'm an anxious attacher. What's that mean? Tell me the symptoms of anxious attachment. I, let me open Instagram and find a meme that tells you the things where I take every fucking box. I'll now never go on a date again after they air. No. Am I just Kidding? No, you go on a date with the right person after the Yeah, That's right.


What are the characteristics of being an anxious attacher is you need reassurance. You always think people are mad at you. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. What's hard with relationship stuff, I think, is that you can't see your progress. It's like it has to be in vivo. You have to meet someone and you like them and they like you, and you start the process to go, okay, has this gotten better? And so that I think can be complicated too, because you may not know where you are. Also hard to evaluate because the nature of a relationship is it's incredibly powerful and dynamic at the beginning. And then you're trading different hormones for here and now hormones. And you're trying to evaluate that versus is this getting boring or is it getting more stable?


Yeah. I don't know that I have been the love of someone's life yet. Ah, Romantically. And so that feels sad to me. I can relate to that. Now, what would happen if on your deathbed, a genie came down and went, Monica, these two people you were, and you missed it. Is that possible? I can't imagine you not being the love of someone's life Romantically. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, I know my parents. Yeah. No, I mean support. Let me say this. I think that I have historically liked complicated men. And usually an anxious attacher likes an avoidant.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. And yeah, so It wouldn't totally surprise me if that happened because I would probably go see, I knew it. I knew they really loved me. I knew I really mattered. But I guess where my head went was when Situationship became a word. I was like, oh, I've had a lot of situation. Jay, What are those? You said that in an interview I just read and then I didn't know what situation should meant. Really. It's like a half relationship. It's sort of a involvement. Let's just say a relationship is two people agreeing to try to build something for the future together as a unit. And I think a situationship is usually, it could become a relationship. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


But you're not necessarily saying it's a relationship yet. One of you is probably hoping it becomes a relationship. And the other one's like, I'm not so sure, but I still wanna keep a toe in. I'm not ready to run the other way, or whatever that is. I had someone tell me once that a woman should always have three men in their life. The guy who takes her to dinner, the guy she's fucking, and the guy she likes. Oh. So Like interesting. That's a waying to kind of keep the Keep it in balance. Right. I do wanna say though, 'cause I so relate to you, and that sentence is heartbreaking. What you said that you don't feel like you've been the love of anyone's life and I really relate. But me being on the outside in this conversation, what I wish the reframe is, is who's the love of my life?


As opposed to like, who can I be for somebody else? It's who's yours? I think that I've loved a lot of people. You think you have had a love of your life potentially, or some. Well, That's interesting. Now I'm gonna have to reevaluate how I'm defining this all. I was just saying to someone the other day, I feel like in my life, I would not be surprised if I met somebody. And it all sort of fell into place now as a mature 51 and a half year old, whatever version of that relationship that would be. And I wouldn't be surprised if it just kind of never happened. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Either way. Some of it I think is maybe karma. Some of it is a lot of the time and work and energy that I've spent on surviving, I might have otherwise used.


Right. To figure out emotional Intimacy. Your weight out of this enormous Oh yeah. Hole you were put in. That takes a lot of energy and focus and attention. It does. But where I feel really lucky, and I imagine you're the same, is just I have really fulfilling friendships. Oh yeah. And relationships in my life. And so it's the combination of emotional intimacy and sexual intimacy. Yeah. Right. That's a little tricky for me. And I think increasingly society's evolving the number of married people in Manhattan in the eighties versus now is one third of what it was. And I do think there'll be less shame surrounding whatever version of you meeting your needs is. I remember, I don't know what happened to it.


I read about it before the pandemic. There was a matching site, not dating. It was matching people to have kids together. And I just thought, that is so genius. You know, it's really interesting. And as you were saying, Dax, about the spectrum. We are becoming the society of spectrum in so many ways. And it's gonna be really interesting as we move forward too, of how are we gonna historically look at scientific data that was so binary. Yes. You're a man or woman, single or or married, gay or straight. And we're moving into a world that's more nuanced while the chasm between groups is even bigger and worse. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


There We are supported by Addie. Addie. That's that little pink pill, right? Oh, it sure is. Addie is the number one doctor prescribed FDA approved treatment to get this increase women's sex drive in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by low libido. This Is very important, Which brings up a really interesting conversation. What do women want out of sex? I mean, it's different from men, right? Well, I'm not a man, so I guess I can't really speak to that. But for women, it's definitely about pleasure and orgasms, of course. But it's really more about the intimacy. Like being really excited about the person. Yes, totally. Yes. Be so into someone that you're like, let's do this. I want this. That's a good feeling. Well, apparently there's a lot of women out there who struggle with low libido, but there's not enough honest conversation about it. Yeah. And women should know that there are options out there, and we shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it and get help. No way. It's your life. You deserve this. If you wanna learn more and get back to feeling like yourself, go to addie.com. That's A DDY i.com. Addie or Flibanserin is for premenopausal. Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, hs. DD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire, no matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner. This low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in children, men, or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcohol drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose. Wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. This risk increases if you take certain prescriptions, OTC or herbal medications, or have liver problems and can happen when you take ADDIE without alcohol. Or other medicines. Do not take if you're allergic to any of addie's ingredients. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or troubled breathing. Sometimes serious sleepiness can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep, or staying asleep. And dry mouth. Cfo, PIM Medication guide, including box warning@addie.com slash pi.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check that you took your allergy pill first before you go to the botanical garden. Like you know, to make sure that cute coat you bought is waterproof first, before you wear it outside on a rainy day. Or checking that a potential partner is an arm cherry checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Macy's. Mother's Day is next month devoted arm series. Note that I adore and love my mom, my sweet, sweet mother. Her episode's one of our most popular ever and we have to get her back on the show soon. So it's important to make moms feel like the stars. They are on Mother's Day, but moms can be so hard to shop for because it can seem like they already have everything they need. Not true. If you're not sure what to get your mom this year, Macy's is a one-stop shop to find a gift that will make your mom smile. Macy's has a great selection of clothing, no matter your mom's style. They've got tons of options that'll look great on her from brands like Calvin Klein, Levi's and Charter Club. And if your mom's into cooking, Macy's has state-of-the-art kitchen appliances from Cuisinart all clad and more that will upgrade the recipes. She's been wanting to try. Another favorite buy mom. Something luxe that she might not think to buy herself. Maybe a signature perfume. That's what I love. Getting my mom designer cosmetics. Or even some new jewelry. I'm going the cooking route this year. You can't lose. I hope she doesn't list. She doesn't listen to this, so that's fine. Yeah. But they have such good products. I love all Clap. Me too. Yeah. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


Do you watch severance? I do. I'm not cut up on It. Oh dang. Okay. Sorry. I know there's A scene in the last episode. It aired. The last episode that aired, which was Friday. Oh, got you. Gotcha. Which is second to last episode of the season. But there's an exchange that happens between two people. It's so heartbreaking. But it sort of speaks to, I think, what we were just talking about. And I don't think it's a spoiler. That's never a great sentence. I know. I know. I'll just say, without giving too much away, there's two people who were in love in Right. Their nies are in love, Their IESs are in love. Okay. And then their Audis have found each other, but one's married.


Yeah. Ugh. They're talking. And the one who's not married says, I've never been in love. Not really. And the other one says, now you have, how does it feel? And it was so heartbreaking to me. 'cause I was like, I've never really had that thing that he has with his husband that I found it. So Debilitatingly, where Do you think your, where do you think your issues come from? A lot. So many. Oh, they're well documented on Here. So many mine, I think, oh God, it's just so boring for the audience at this point. But growing up in Georgia, brown kid, boys didn't like me. Well, more importantly, one boy liked her. She liked the boy, and the boy said, I can't really be with her 'cause she's Indian.


Oh, he said her parents work at Dairy Queen. But that was code for Indian. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And they don't, yeah, he said I would, but, and so it was early days like, oh, I'm unlovable and it has nothing to do with anything I can control here. Skin Bleaching. Did you not? Well, I, I looked into all of that for sure. You should have seen me on the beach just covered in towels. So that got set early on and then was confirmed in quotes a few more times where it was like, yeah, okay, so that's that. I'm not gonna have that. Then I would fantasize and be attracted to people I couldn't have because they couldn't really reject me. 'cause they were always not in my realm of having, And I'll add a particularly cruel twist is this pattern also is anyone that likes her, they're Problematic now.


Okay. So When people do like her, something's wrong. Something's wrong with them, obviously. Yeah. Because she's already accepted. No one likes her. That's immovable. So if no one likes her and someone likes her, what the fuck is wrong with this dude? There Must be a catch. There must be something. It's, there's always like a, there must be, Isn't it maddening? I know. Especially when you love somebody. I'm like, where's my magic Wand? I know. But that's how I feel. And I can see it in other people. It's so common. I just want to add, we have so many guests for Monica, and the guests go off to the races and they connect so much on this thing. It's interesting because I think I feel so much shame around it because I'm super open in my friendships with people at a private conversation where it's not out there. I'm very, very open.


But I think I feel so much shame from it. I talked about this, the first episode of my podcast was me being vague interviewed you. Yeah. And so I talked about when Joyce Brothers went on the Today Show and said, can you imagine someone bringing Monica Lewinsky home and telling their parents that they were gonna marry me, basically. And so I think there's this fear of, oh, see you were all right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Of course. So, you know, I took so much deep stuff. I know. Top that off with whatever childhood shit I had too. Yeah, Exactly. This is kind of a great segue to one of my questions. So yes, basically what we're really talking about is very few incidents can result in this kind of permanent life trajectory.


And so when we talk about Reclaiming the premise of Reclaiming, right? Is something you've lost or was taken that you get back? Well, first let's talk about that. 'cause I have a broader question of should we reclaim, is it always the right move to reclaim? Or is there time to jettison the thing we thought we needed and accept what is, and then build something new. To Me, the building something new is a Reclaiming what it usually is, is there would be maybe a hole or something that we could label this person, this job, this opportunity, whatever it was that you felt was lost. You either try getting that very same thing back, or you're finding something else that then fits that slot.


There are these kind of capital R and lowercase R, Reclaiming big things being my last decade, Reclaiming my narrative. That's a capital R. But the example I'll give is, I have road rage. Oh, we would be fun in a car together. Oh yeah. I will yell, fuck face. Oh wow. Yeah. Good. But before I then also flick the person off. If I stop myself from doing that, I've reclaimed my calm. I like that. It's kind of an ethos. It's like mindfulness. It just kind of blankets all of our lives in different ways. When I was forming the show and pitching it, the best example I could think of that shows this elasticity with the concept is Taylor Swift. Oh. And Taylor's versions.


So she has this catalog. It gets taken away from her and she can't get it back. So she comes up with a whole new way of Reclaiming her music. Right. Yeah. And I think the conversations that I'm having, it was great. I sat down with John Chu the other week. It was kind of a broader thing, which is around his identity and his identity and his work. So it's really loose. Now, having had this conversation, I'd wanna talk to you about identity. I'd wanna talk to you. Yeah. I'm really interested in the rehab narrative of people who are publicly successful go to rehab, how they come back out. Yeah. Without those crutches. And find the courage to continue to do.


Jason Isabel won his Grammy after Aaron Sorkin won his Oscar. Well, we love stories. Yeah. You're doing a show with Amanda Knox. Yep. Oh, cool. Where are you guys at in that? We are gonna finish shooting in two weeks. Oh Really? Yeah. Is it here in LA overseas? Is it in Italy? We Did shoot some in Italy. Is that hard for her to go back there? She did not go back for that portion, but she has been back. She's a brave soul. Wow. I will definitely have her on the podcast. Yeah. When the show is coming out. Yeah. How did you come to meet her? Do You know John Ronson? Have you ever had him on the show? No. So he's just a brilliant guy and had written a book. So you'd been publicly shamed.


Oh, he sort of brought the Justine Sokos story. This was the woman who got on the plane to Africa. Oh. And INE landed. She was fired. Jonathan Hyde just brought her up. Yes. Just came up on an episode. Yes. While John didn't write the story. I mean, the Times had covered it. He went into her story in context. Right. So John and I knew each other. And then John knew Amanda and had connected us, but then we actually met, we were both speaking at the same event, and it was her first speaking event. Oh, Okay. How many do you do a year? I Haven't done that many. You haven't? This last year I was doing a lot. And then coming out of the pandemic, I had a whole bunch that had been scheduled.


It's not picked up in the same way. And I think I was tired. I love doing it. I really like talking to young people too. That feels really meaningful to me. And also, I think there's no playbook on how to transition from having this big public story that is traumatic and moving on in your life in a way where you're able to support yourself. That you're not having to relive your trauma. Yes. Every day all the time. Or lean on it somehow. Right? Yeah. And so when I'm public speaking, it's going backwards to move forwards and to sort of help people and feel less alone in all those ways. And that's what I love about the podcast, is that I just get to sit and talk to people.


Yeah. And kind of hear their stories. You can make an argument either way. So like you take the power away from something by openly talking about this is the antidote to shame. That is true. That's been my experience with sharing stuff. But then there's another thing to monitor, which is like, how damaging is it to constantly revisit it? What is the damage of just not being able to put that away forever? And that's gotta be really hard. The ideal place for it is to just be able to choose, I want to do this, versus I have to do this 'cause I've gotta pay my mortgage, or I've gotta, you know, put food on the table or pay for therapy. I think those are the differences. But Even within that, there's categories, which is interesting because, I mean, almost your obligation if you're a member of AA is you get sober and then you share your story, and you share your story for the rest of your life.


And you get a daily reprieve from sharing your story. And you encourage other people and inspire other people. No one's going like enough of your story. They're not going like, yeah, get over it in that domain. That's a wonderful, powerful thing. But then in other domains, people are going like, enough. Oh yeah. The problem is that the way trauma sort of worms, its way into our memories, into our physical tissue. You can't totally excavate it out. EMDR can help an enormous amount, but my therapist, who's a trauma psychiatrist, she'll say the echo gets quieter, but it's always there. And so there is that element too, of how am I protecting myself and my own mental health?


But it's a difficult thing what's happened to people in global scandals, especially when you're young. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you get very defined by it. People tell you to move on, and yet when I came outta graduate school, I couldn't get a fucking job. Yeah. They're telling you to move on, but no one else has moved on. Exactly. Okay. I always bring it back to this, 'cause I just found it to be very powerful. But we had this sex therapist on, and I was asking if, because of sexual abuse, you have certain, we'll call 'em kinks, but positively you have preferences. How can you blame someone when they've been given this situation? If they have certain desires for the rest of their life, is that good or bad? Right? And she said, oh, this is very, very simple.


She used sub doms, like there are a lot of people that have been abused that they like to be in these subdominant relationships. And she just said, if you have shame and secrecy around it, it's bad and destructive. If you have no shame and secrecy, then yes, explore what you were given. Here's your isms. Now. So I was wondering Head, I'm like, way, where are you going, dad? No, I'm not going sexual at all. But what I'm going towards is you were in a very extreme situation and you're gonna have things that developed out of that. At what point are you able to just make peace and accept, oh yeah, there are certain things in me that I don't need to fix. This was the hand I was dealt. I'm now this way. I don't have to fix it all. And do you have acceptance of whatever things grew out of that?


My experience is that, but maybe a tiny bit adjacent in that. Yeah. I'm just not gonna get to working on that and I'm okay with that. Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's that acceptance. And that was a lot of what I had in my 49th year. So right before I turned 50. And it's so freeing to just be very happy with who I am and very comfortable with who I am. And it's like you no longer, I mean, people don't buy CDs anymore, but you no longer go out and buy the CDs that the guy you like, you know, likes. It's no longer that. Yeah. In the past you would've been trying to figure out what music this guy likes. Exactly. Or, oh, you surf, I Surf. Has that always been you, or was that post this trauma that you felt like you needed to be with the other person?


Wanted you to be? I think I was always like that. Also, growing up at a time where not all young women, but many young women got messages from their moms about how you're supposed to be Yes. In a relationship. What does it mean to get a man or keep a husband? Yeah. Or I remember hearing in class once, and they were like, well, they used to call women. Going to college was getting an MRS degree. Oh yeah. I've heard that. Underneath it all is the message. Yes. Who you are and how you are right now is not enough. Yes. And not okay. Eventually you'll attach yourself to something with substance that'll be a man and a husband. And then you'll have an Identity. Right. And then you'll be a mother for Gen X.


Are you Gen X market? No Millennial. Yeah. I was like, you're baby 37, You're gen. Right, right. 'cause you're, yeah. Sorry, Dax. It's interesting. I found this really useful, although it felt so banal to me at first, but one of the mantras my therapist had given me was, yeah, this is what I do. Sometimes when I'm feeling anxious, I send an extra text to start with. Not making it worse on myself. And so starting with self-compassion and recognizing, and I think going back to something we were talking about much earlier, but in terms of the self-awareness and the evolving that happens, we're also all these different versions of ourselves. Right? Oh yeah. The different ages and the different parts.


And so that's also recognizing, again, kudos to my therapist. She's like, well, the you who sends the email may not be the you who's waiting for the response. Oh, that Totally. Yeah. God bless therapist. Oh my gosh. Seriously. Okay. You've had some great guests already. We could talk about many of them, but I am interested specifically in a few. Okay. Molly Ringwald. Of course. And I have to imagine you were the same as me 'cause we're the same age and the sun rise and set on Molly Ringwald. Oh Yeah. First of all, Molly's an extraordinary woman. She is brilliant. She's an incredible writer. She has such presence and she has a really unique presence too. So I was excited to talk to her 'cause Right.


We grew up with her. It was really fascinating to hear that John Hughes wrote 16 candles for her having never met her and having just been given her headshot. What? Which I was like, okay, that's very complimentary and also a little creepy because she was a teen. Not trying to, oh, disparage the filmmaker of our generation as a woman. I think it was an objectification that then had things projected onto it. He created a movie version of Molly Ringwald that became an identity that probably wasn't Molly Ringwald identity.


It was probably a chasm of how he saw her and portrayed her in all these projects. That wasn't her. That would've been a good question for me to ask. Ah, Well that's maybe for him. Well, he passed Away. At least I asked. Yeah. We'd have to have ghost podcasts. We have Find a Medium. Oh my God. That's a funny, stupid show where we have a full medium and we interview dead people. That would be great. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of like an improv show. I wanted to do somehow a TV show when journalists have passed away, if you can get access to their notes and does that mean anything that was off the record and their sources. You know, if both people had died, like wouldn't that be interesting? I wonder how many stories might be totally recontextualize to know who the sources were.


Yeah, we just interviewed Michael Lewis. Yeah, he's brilliant. Yeah. And he was telling us that while writing the Big Short, two of the characters in it, what he was not allowed to share was that his dad was the president of Lehman Brothers or something. Yeah. He was like some off the record thing. Oh wow. He's like, it absolutely killed me because it was so relevant to what was happening. He was betting against his father. So yeah, that kind of stuff would probably come out. I just think it would be interesting. Yeah. So what was Molly's version of that experience? She only knew fame from this very young age and this catapulting into a high level of fame. On the cover of time, Marrying a Beastie Boy.


She is an icon. She dated him. I don't think they married. They Married. Okay. I stand correct. We'll fact check it later. I just remember thinking, this is ideal. I feel like I should know that I made one of the worst comments to her. Oh really? I've only met her once I was seated next to her. This is in my list of 20 dumb things I've said to people. I was sitting next to her and I was so excited. I was with Kristen, so I was like, this is safe. 'cause I with Right, right. Kristen. I was like, is it a bizarre experience that every time you sit down with anyone of my age, you know they were in love with you. That's an interesting reality. I am curious about. Yeah. Yeah. It's just an awkward question. What is she supposed to say? There was no answer. She could give.


Yeah. I didn't think that part of it through, but I am still fascinated by That's a very interesting way to go through life. How did she reclaim Her Paris years? She moved to Paris. Ah. To really find out who she was As a non-famous person. Exactly. Yeah. Which is incredibly brave. Beanie we've had on and we love Beanie. Beanie just the best. Just listened to Beanie's edit yesterday. Well, it's funny because we started talking about the tapes and Beanie and I had talked about the process and that came up and I was listening to the edit and I was like, I didn't explain, if somebody doesn't know my story, they're not gonna know. This is where I'm learning. Oh, That's one of my, you just reminded me of one of my questions. Oh, okay. Go ahead. You must be experiencing this in a very exaggerated and compounded way.


The impermanence of everything is so fascinating. Yes, yes. And and no, because You meet tons of people that literally, Clinton is a dude from their history books. Exactly. And that's All. Okay, so I have this weird cultural relevance because I'm a lyric in fucking rap songs. Which rap song? I've heard you say that. Which One? Oh, many. Over 125. What? Yeah. Oh my God. Eminem. I mean, Beyonce's not a rapper, but I'm in partition in a not very nice way. Oh, You're the mostra about person in America. I know. Beyonce should come on your show. Beyonce should come on my show. I would love to talk to her. She's extraordinary. So there's that. But I had a weird thing.


I was at, you know the artist Shepherd Fairy? Yeah. It was his gallery. And some 8-year-old kid came up to me and knew my history. Wow. The whole thing was weird to me. 'cause I'm like, you're eight, you shouldn't know any of this. Anything about me. I mean, I joke a lot about, people used to say, no offense, do you know who you look like? And now, God, it's the Ted Talk or anti-bullying work. Leno's got a great story about this. He's doing a live standup show in Vegas, and he's just fucking around before his set. And he sees guys with a dolly and they have a huge statue, clearly under a tarp. And he is like, well, what is that? And they're like, oh, it's the Elvis statue. He's like, oh, why are you gonna go fix it?


And they're like, no, we're taking it down. Nobody who comes to Vegas knows who Elvis is. Isn't that wild? That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about going, oh wow. None of it matters. It all moves fast. It's in, it's out. It's so temporary. It, it's so impermanent. That's kind of what I'm talking about. How could everyone know something at one point and then no one know? That's the part that I feel as I'm getting older. It's like, oh yeah. I'm just now transitioning to that thing where I'm not really relevant in these young people's life. You have a voice in a different way. Yeah. So they may not know you from those earlier things, but I think also, again, this is a fact check. But isn't Nelson Mandela's story too early years of having been known one way and then becomes known more from the latter years Yes.


Of his political career? Yeah. Than some of the earlier ones. I feel really lucky because I feel as if in this last round, I mean, I was always a public person, but not hiding in many ways. Driving Your Exposures. Exactly. I can sit outside at a restaurant now. I might worry a little if I'm going to a restaurant where paparazzi hang out. But even then it's like, okay, my hair's lighter. I don't get recognized, which is really nice. Yes. Midway through life I'm just really struck with like, oh, wow. Yeah. And everything that happened to my grandparents meant so much and it's just gone. It's sad. And it's good. We're just here for a minute and that's it in This dimension. And the other statue will come down at some point.


Wow. Okay. Wait, what's this spray stuff? I'm just curious. Nicotine. Oh, interesting. It's a pure delivery system for nicotine. Okay. No bullshit. It's Just nicotine. It's instead of liquid. Cool. My whole family's addicted to it. Okay. Yeah. Were you ever a smoker, social Smoker? I usually have a cigarette on election night every four years. Oh, okay. You should maybe try that. Monica Badman. God, if I was gonna do it, yeah, that would be the time. Alright. I just have one salacious question for you. Oh, Okay. Hold on. Let me, Yeah. Get your salacious armor on. Exactly. The Menendez brothers. You went to school with them? Yes, I did. The youngest one was I think a year or two older than me. Really? My memory of him was sitting next to him waiting to audition for the music man.


Oh, oh, Both of you. Wow. Yeah, we had the same call Time I Time audition. Time audition. Exactly. So the older brother was gone before you got to school? I think so. I don't remember their age differences. So it happened While you were in school? Yes. I think they were on Maple or Elm. I can point the street out to you. I just can't remember which one it was. And it was like, oh, that's the house. It's A pretty wild thing to, in high school we had some wild ship. Yeah. But I think, again, it's interesting. It's one of those stories, It's like yours where you go back and watch it and you go, oh, I see it completely different now. Right, exactly. Whatever society ends up deeming is the right thing to happen for them is fine by me.


I hope if they do get re-sentenced in some way and let out, that it becomes a much bigger conversation for all of the people who are languishing in prison, who committed crimes as a result of having been abused. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because I think that's the majority of people. Otherwise, it just bothers me that it's sort of the attractive white boys. There's so many different instances where it's so easy for us to look at a story and think of everybody, whatever category of stories, a monolith. And I love context. I have been known to send emails that are like, here's the short version, here's the long version. You choose which one you want, because I will always go with the long version.


But some people like the short version. See, a lot of people do. Well, I'm glad you're doing Reclaiming because you are built to talk. You are a great, great guest the first time, and you are a a great guest a second time. Yes. And if any of us can figure out how to shoot this shit for a living, fucking what a win. Thank you. I also, we talked so much about your growth, but obviously even when were you on, when was it? Was it 2018? It was early, early Day. I think it was 2019. But it was pre pandemic. It was Pre pandemic. But you feel so different to me. I really agree. I would agree with that. You Good? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You weren't newer into the reintroduction. Yeah, it would've been four years, five years. But we wouldn't have made impeachment yet.


Having been a producer on Ryan Murphy's impeachment and having a First Look deal was really the first opportunity I had to do something that had nothing to do with my story. Even though my lens is shad by. And my brother was always like, okay, you can't have these head scratchers. You have to take people on a narrative journey of the projects you're gonna do. It's like, why are you doing that? You're not an expert in a certain, okay, Pete's not that harsh, but you Know, that's what you hear from me. Whether That's what he's saying or not. Yeah. No, no. But he finally thinks I'm funny. So It's a big win. It is such a big win. 51 years later. Yeah. Actually, I have John Oliver to thank for that. He's like, well, John Oliver said you're funny.


So I love That he's a good fan of this show. Hi Mike. We're giving you a shout out. Oh, Show. Gonna be Embarrassed. So with impeachment and having had a first look deal and focusing on other people's stories, but then with the contraction in Hollywood, it became difficult. And as someone said to me, producing is an expensive habit. Like if you're not in a deal or independently wealthy. Yes. So I love producing. I love storytelling. It's rough. It is. It's hard. It's hard. Yeah. I would apply the racing adage. That's my favorite. Which is, do you know how to make a small fortune in racing? Start with a large fortune. Oh Yeah, Exactly.


Increasingly is. That's good. Small Fortune. Wanna become a millionaire as a producer? Start with a billion. Yeah. Well, Monica, this has been a blast. Everyone should listen to Reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky. It's available absolutely everywhere. We're siblings under the Wondery world. So delighted to be with you. Thank You guys so much. We love Having you. Thank You. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Boar's Head. If you're a sandwich lover, you know Boar's Head, they've been dedicated to crafting premium deli meats and cheese for more than 120 years. Boars Head uses only the finest ingredients and time honored recipes preparing every product with care. You can really taste the difference. You know, when I was taking the bus home from Nashville, just put a big pile of Boars Head right next to my driver's seat and I just munched on some ham and some Turkey. The whole Ride. Oh, I love the oven. Gold Turkey. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So good. It is. It's making me starving. I want it right now. Okay, well let's stop and get you some Boar's Head. Make your ultimate sandwich today with Boar's Head. Head to your local Boar's Head Deli to discover the craftsmanship behind every bike.


We are supported by Brit Box. There are some incredible shows coming outta the UK right now. The clever writing, the picturesque settings, the witty dialogue. They just do TV differently across the pond in the best way. And you know, they're the masters of charming mysteries set in quaint little villages where three people die a week. Not only do they have a huge selection of classics like Pride and Prejudice, but they're new original shows are insanely good too. Especially Ludwig with David Mitchell from Peep Show. He plays the introverted puzzle maker guy who accidentally becomes a detective and solves murders like their crosswords. It's twisty and clever and an absolute treat to watch. So if you wanna mix it up and see things differently, try Brit Box and stream the best British tv. Go to brit box.com and start a free trial today.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. We're all about striving to be the best version of yourself, both mentally and physically. Moving your body is a great way to build strength in both areas. If I had to lose anything in my routine, the very last thing I would lose is my physical fitness routine. And you know, I'm now lifting heavy weights. You've even got some heavy dumbbells. I've got some heavy, because I have to get my bone density. Yes. Tip top because perimenopause ladies. That's right. You the, the more fit, the stronger you can be, the better the rest of your life's gonna be. That's right. To get stronger mentally and physically, go to Anytime Fitness. You'll get a personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan, all customized to your body, your strength level, and your goals. You'll get expert coaching to optimize your results anytime, anywhere in the gym and on the Anytime Fitness app. And you'll get anytime access to 5,500 gyms worldwide, all with the right equipment to level up your strength gains and your life. So get started@anytimefitness.com. That's anytime fitness.com.


Stay tuned for the fact check so you can hear all the facts that were wrong. Hi. Hi. Okay. I've never met Aaron Weekly. Oh wow. Hi. But I heard he's the alt boy. He is so darn human. I wish I were flawed. Like Mr. Weekly. Oh my God, This is a huge day. Yeah. Aaron needs, he's so big. Some robot. Yeah, he has a very cute smile. I wish they made robots with teeth. Oh Yeah. See this is the thing about the robot.


He's very sad. He Has a cute smile. He has a cute smile. But it's no teeth. No teeth. He doesn't, because he doesn't need to eat. Yeah, exactly. I Run out electricity if I correct. You get your energy from food. Yeah, we do. Yeah. Okay. Well Aaron's here. Aaron's here. Welcome. Welcome. Aaron. Just fresh off the airplane. You Banged on the door. I was. I was down for like one minute. Oh, so you're recovering still a little bit. No, no, no. I was, I I was like, if you gimme five minutes, I'm gonna nap. Yes. So any free five minutes. I Heard you came in here at a certain time. I'm like, oh, I got at least an hour nap.


Yeah. And we yanked you right out. Thank God I don't need a nap. It's, I'm here to party. You Gotta adjust to the time zone, man. It's true. This was a very haphazard trip. We're talking on the phone yesterday and I just go, should you come out tomorrow morning? And Oh my God, we'll record some more of our Podcasts. Well, Dex. 'cause we have to finish. I said Yeah. I was kind of just waiting to see, you know, yeah. What schedule is and he goes, well fuck, this week probably would've been good. And I'm like, It was a regret Start as regret. Yeah. And then I said, wait a minute, it's not too late. Okay. Are you, I have an exciting update for you, but first I wanna ask Erin an important question.


Oh, wonderful. Okay. Would you rather eat someone's hair, skin, or spit Skin Or fingernail skin? Yeah, that's right. Oh God. Not a fingernail. No skin. Oh yeah. Fingernail. We added in like Skin. Oh, I'd eat skin all day over fucking hair and spit. Okay. What And nails. Can you order it? So skin easiest. Okay. Skin. I, I'd be honored to eat some skin. Don't You think the context is a little relevant? 'cause it's really like, what one do you want in your food? One of those items has to be in In your food.


In your food. I said spit because you wouldn't know. Okay. But if you would, If you did know. Yeah. If you did know. I'd rather chew on someone's skin. Ah, okay. So, okay, well let's be really specific. 'cause I was just telling Monica all about Aaron Stinchcomb and the murder and all that. Yeah. And there was a period, Monica, where he worked at Big Boys. The same one that Aaron and I worked at. Oh sure. You've heard our big boys stories. Oh yeah. Okay. So now here's your choice. You shit comes making up mall. No. Saying No. Oh, sorry. When you're a murderer. I know, but he had a bad life. You said the carpet burning, Whatever. Yeah, there was a lot of burning carpet.


So nch, Combes, SNCH, Combs making you a A malt. Okay. And you either see him spit in it really big or cut off the tip of his finger and put it in the malt. In a malt. Yeah. I guess I'd have The or or take a hair out of his head and put it In there. Oh fuck his hair. I think I'd have the spit And the malt. And the malt. Yeah. Really? And then skin. And then skin on any solid food. Okay. So like a salad. If it was in the mix. I mean preferably a hamburger or something, but yeah. Yeah. Right. Okay. So it just felt like that. You don't get to but yeah, salad. No, that's fine. I would think it was, or pretend it was ham or something that Ended up in your milkshake.


It comes out sometimes Everything I eat is tan When I dunno what it's, I is Ew. If I don't know what it is. I assume it's Tam. You should have saw him when he was younger. All he did was eat half All. Alright. Okay. So we got a, well that's fun because now we have three different things. I said spit, he said skin. You said hair. Yeah. And I asked c Robbie Wob, you were fingernails. No Skin. Whoa. He was, he was skin. I asked Callie. Oh good. And she's the only other person who said hair like me. Wow. I think those girls deal with so much hair all the time.


And it's on your brush and you're taking it out. And the whole you, you have a much closer relationship with hair. Should we ask Kristen? Yeah. Yeah. I Wanna ask her. She's not gonna answer 'cause she's baking. You Think she's hair person? Let's, I hope. Who's who do you think's a fingernail person? Well I Wanna, I wanna hang with That person. Real sicko. Maybe Walt Goggins would like. Yeah. Well It came out because I, in the last episode was picking at my fingernails and then I was like moving it around and I dropped and then I thought, I said, somebody is gonna find this. So, and many people including you, I think is gonna find this so disgusting. Hi. Quick question. 'cause we're polling everyone.


You, you are either gonna find in your food At a restaurant. At a restaurant. Yeah. A long No, don't say long. Just Just say normal Hair, skin spit or fingernails. Don't say Fingernails hair. Yes, Yes, Yes. That's a big victory for Monica. But by the way, I don't know why it's such a big victory. 'cause I agreed that it's probably women feel. No, I fine with hair. So she said it so fast. She knew hair obviously. But Mama, that's such not an Obvious answer to me. What about you spit? You wouldn't know. You just wouldn't know. You'd be eating and then you'd someone go, someone spit in there and you go, oh, I didn't know.


Right. You just, but I would know because you just told me. Yeah, exactly. I would find it. Correct. So if I'm, if you're gonna tell me I, after I ate, I spit in that it's gonna make me a little noch. And here's the bacteria. Levels and spit are super high skin, could have some sort of a fungus. Fingernails are dirty. People have stuff under them. You scratch Their asshole. Yeah. Hair. Generally you don't scratch your asshole with your hair unless it's, And generally Sometimes hair Rapunzel. So you know a reasonable amount. Yeah. Okay. That was the right, there's Not bacteria on hair. That was the right answer for your gender. I feel. I feel so vindicated.


What Do you want in your food? Dax. Aaron wants skin. 'cause he'll pretend it's ha and then I want spit. 'cause I wouldn't know. But you would know. But I would know. Someone would say, Hey, there's spit in here. Or they go, there's a hair in here or there's skin. Yeah. I probably would continue to eat if there's spit there. By the way, there's spit in all your food. 'cause people are talking in the kitchen and coughing. Well, I Maybe not. All your food. Of the food. Yeah. Kristen, don't you think you've eaten my hair? Oh, I know I have.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I said to know Monica is to have pulled her hair out of like your armpit randomly. And how it's Just on you. It's always on. For sure. Alright, thanks. Well I appreciate You. Yeah, thanks for answering. I know you got a busy cooking project going. No problem. All right. Love you. I'll try to keep my Spit hair, fingernails and skin out. No, I'll put it all in there. Throw it In. You make us say I'll, Alright. I love you. Yeah. See if it's Kristen's. I'll eat all of it. Yeah. With a fork and knife. Yeah, Sure. And ask for second. I'm sure I, again, I'm sure I have like, I'm sure I've eaten her hair. I've probably accidentally eaten a little bit of her fingernails.


Oh, Do you? I wouldn't feel the only one that feels dangerous. 'cause it could maybe cut your intestinal track. Do You guys not bite your nails? I do. I do. And I So you've eaten It then I chew on the nail. Exactly. And you're right, sometimes it goes down. I'm like, where is the nail? You Ate it, you Ate it, obviously. Do you put it, you put it on a plate or something next to you? Or a Oh, when you're biting him off? No, She Wait, you said you were moving him. Oh Yeah, It was, she kept moving in all over the camera. Oh, in here. It was over here. She like couldn't get comfortable where she was putting it to remember me. I'm the best case scenario. Remembering would throw it away. That is right. But every time she commit to a place she'd be talking. Then she'd realized like, oh, I'm gonna forget about it there.


Yeah. And then it bend up between her. I Put it in here in my computer. Then it was getting a little lost and I didn't like that. So I put it back up and you, and then I did drop. It is lost. Yeah. It went between your legs on the couch at some point. Yeah. Sign. I just am not that grossed. I mean, obviously it's my own. Oh yeah. I don't care about no one's, no one's grossed out by their own. Oh my God. When I tear, like I tear my nails or not my, my toenails. Yeah, me too. And I wouldn't do this anywhere. Like I wouldn't do this at your house or in here. Sure. But at home I, I'd tear it all apart and I, and it just goes everywhere. Oh, I, I want it to be away from me.


Like out in, in the, so, so when Ruth, he gets so gross out. 'cause like if you vacuum next to my bed, it's like, Oh. Oh my God. It's like, fix a bunch of nails. You're Like 7-year-old boy. Yeah. Oh, I have a new one to add. Booger boogers last for me. Like I, I, I'd rather have everything above but booger. You'd rather eat a fingernail over a booger. Yes. That's extreme. I think I would too. Anyway, let's clean it up. This is for Monica Lewinsky. Okay. Okay. Okay. But do you wanna hear the thing I say for you? Yes. Hi, Monica and Dax love this episode so much.


I know Monica doesn't read the comments, but I was the person with the clipboard who recognized Monica and said I was a big fan just to hopefully quell any anxiety in the future. I wanted to say that no one is judging you for not stopping baiting people with a mode of causes. No matter how important is manipulative and counterproductive. Our goal is never to make anyone feel bad. It's great when people stop, but it's totally fine when they don't. We never know what each person is going through. Also, I promise every person out there has received serious verbal abuse. LOL. So a, sorry. Not today is perfect. Most of us who do this job are starving artists.


And while we love the causes we represent, it's not our end goal either. Like you, we hope to not be harassing people on the street forever. You definitely didn't lose an arm cherry. The interaction made my day. Aw dad. Isn't That great? I feel so bad. Now. You feel worse. 'cause she was letting you know that it's okay. But she's so nice and you didn't lose. And she liked meeting you. It was fine despite the fact that you were running from her as fast as you could. She doesn't Do work. I know Monica's Going. Oh, so, oh, thank you. Like right. You're Yes. I, I didn't know how to handle it. Yeah, you got overwhelmed. I Understand. Listen, I, that's such a nice person.


The fact, isn't it, the fact that she still listens is Shocking. Morning. Morgantown is her handle. Morning Morgantown. I like out. Shout Out. Yeah. Thank you for listening. And thank you for trying to make me feel better. I was like, Yeah, that's right. You leave your town and you come to LA and you don't know what, you don't know what to do and you just gotta find something. And I can imagine myself having the job when I first got here. Of course. Course. Yeah. I can put myself in her shoes very easily. Me too. Me too. I did That. Yeah. Like coming here and just like, God, what, how on earth do I make a living? Okay. And some friend tells you, you know, you could be with a clipboard in front of Ralph's. Yeah. Which is great. 'cause if you get hungry, it's directly behind you. Sure. There's bathrooms.


Sushi. Sushi, Sushi. Yeah. Yeah. Low grade sushi. I just, she's a very nice person. Yeah. I was happy to read that. And Okay, what did she say? You can say sorry. Sorry. Not today. Not today. She said. Sounds great. Yeah. But I'm not good at it. I always fumble it. Yeah. You've flubbed it twice. Yeah. Can't you? Just two for two on flubbing. Put a earpiece in or something. Oh yeah. I know. I did think, think like that's a great idea. Oh, I need headphones. But I didn't. It was too late. You just go late. Well, When Did I've done it? How long has she been in the er? Wait, Did they intubate? Have they intubate? I mean, if you hear someone's dealing with intubation on the phone, you're not gonna think they're a dick.


No You're not. Aaron, I wish you would've come a couple days earlier. 'cause Lincoln had a spectacular birthday party on Sunday and it was volleyball themed. I saw the new rope. Yeah. Yeah. Bright yellow rope. And I was like, yeah. Fresh and Oh, I was hoping there was a party coming up, but I missed it. Huh? Yeah, we did Four games. Shit. It was so fun. Did it look intriguing this time? No, Nothing. I was in the middle of so many other conversations. Oh, you were. That changed my interest much more. What were the topics of those conversations? So many. The peptides. Oh, Right. That's always a combo. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I asking Aaron, maybe Aaron feels like you do, How do you feel about peptides bar?


My my first thought is that I probably need a lot of peptides And we're Not. I want in. I knew he wasn't gonna be. Why You present it like that. You knew you would not be. No, I think it could easily go the other way. 'cause it, that would be consistent with Aaron. 'cause your, your thing was like, why do we have to do all this shit? Like now everyone visits. I Brought up, sadly, to Ruthie, who thinks that there'll be peptides in my house at some point. I could, I could. I really did. CI could see it going the other way where he'd be like, yeah, fucking you look how you look. That's also very Aaron. Apparently not. Not, Apparently not. Yeah. Well, I mean, I've DI guess someone's making peptides look good.


That would've been my guess. Yeah. This is Tricky. 'cause like Monica doesn't, she's kind of, I Had a anti peptides, I had a whole therapy session about it. About Peptides? Yes. About the fact that so many people around me are taking these peptides. And there is something in my gut that tells me no to that. Not to other people, but for me. Sure. And so, but it's hard when more and more and more people are doing it to, And they like It stand To stand and everyone's yucking it up and loves all the new pet.


Yeah. It, yeah. There was a very funny moment when you brought up that conversation. 'cause there was an exchange back and forth where it was like, all these numbers. Remember how funny that was? Yeah. It was so substance. Our peptides. Okay. Even though I said that, I, I don't think about 'em two seconds except for a month ago when I left here, I told Ruthie, you know, they got peptides for, or I said, you know, these guys are taking peptides for this and that. And I don't even remember remember what it is now, but I'm like, might want to get in on that. But I, but that's it. I, I don't know. Are they accessible? Where are these type? You Just, yeah.


Yeah. Well, I, you can go to a hormone doctor, most of them can prescribe you them. But this all started because a woman in Germany took a peptide that brings out all the melanin in your skin. And she has turned herself black and she's moving to Africa. 'cause she says she identifies as black. That's Insanity. It's in it's crazy. Yeah. It's offensive on a lot of levels. Yeah. That's what started the whole peptide conversation. I I the brain peptides. Oh yeah. That's what I was interested In. What's That? I think it's called Dexy or something. And it's a peptide that Yeah. Makes you think faster, More sharp and Yeah. Such, and I take it on days with interviews and research.


Is it God? Like I need that. Yeah. Clear up some of the Fog. How do you No, you don't. Please. You've done a million interviews without peptides that have been great. Oh Yeah. How do you know it's not actually making it worse? Haven't you realized how good? I'm gonna have to rely on you to tell me. I've noticed Through the last year that you're interviews have been bad. And then I'll go, oh, that's about the time I spent, I don't think, I haven't noticed anything better. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I, my, yeah. My memory's a little better. My recall, my word recall's a little sharper. And I take it on research interview days and not on the days.


Does it Work instantly? I don't even know that works. I mean, Truthfully, I'm not even sure if it works. Yeah. I don't know. You don't feel any different. Nor do you, like you don't, you're on testosterone. Yeah. It's not like you take a shot of testosterone and you're like, I feel Right. You don't feel anything. Yeah. You just notice, oh, I've worked out more. I've ac you know, I've, I've more engaged. Like retroactively. You kind of notice this. I was a little bit afraid. I have the implant now. Testosterone. Oh, on my ass cheek. So this is my second time. I just went in last week and Oh yeah. One time it looked like you got shot.


It looked like my left butt cheek was gonna fall right off of my body. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Why? I don't it like Bruised really bad. Oh yeah. I like, I called up there and I was like, this is, I have pictures. Yeah. You know, I don't know what you put in me. See, But of course that was so long ago. Now I've, now you've, I was gladly turned over and let 'em do it in my other but shape. And this one went off without a hitch. Yeah. Oh, Wonderful. Nice. Yeah. Weird. Yeah. So, and they said my levels were so good that we don't have to check it for six months or so. Wow. Instead of four. Oh wow. Yeah. That's how long it lasts.


It's anywhere from three to six. Oh. Weird. You know, I never know. I'm never convinced I have testosterone even when I'm shooting it myself. Yeah. Like, am I really putting testosterone in my body because I'm not You're not At at all. Yeah. I'm still tired and I don't have a sex drive. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's not, you know, they're not magic cure alls. They're just like, it gets your levels to where they were when you were 30. And when you were 30 you didn't feel, you weren't like, my God, I'm jumping over. Yeah. Cars. You just wore how you were. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by nerd wallet. Hey, listen, we're all juggling a million things, right? Trying to balance work, family, maybe even squeeZ in a little me time. And honestly, who's got the bandwidth to research stuff like auto insurance. That's where NerdWallet comes in. You tell them what you need, say a better rate on your car insurance. And NerdWallet will match you with the right option for you. The nerds handle the research, the comparisons, all that stuff that sucks up your precious time. Think about it. You want to make smart choices. Right? But you also want to be fully present at your grandpa's 90th, nail that presentation at work. And maybe just relax. You can have it all. And NerdWallet makes it easy. Just answer a few simple questions and bam, way faster than falling down a research rabbit hole. Because finding the right financial product is smart, but having NerdWallet do it for you. That's genius. Get matched today@nerdwallet.com. Not all applicants will qualify for the lowest monthly payments. NerdWallet insurance services incorporated ca resident license number. Okay. 9 2 0 3 3.


But not the melanin. That's not back to when you were 30. That's changing something fundamental about Yourself. Yeah. This, yeah. This kicked off in a very fun debate. Yeah. I'm really against it. Yeah. You're really against it. And my counter was like, if you have a range of what your skin color is, like mine in the summer is we All have a real range. Yes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So you have a range of what's your skin color is. Me in the summer, I way prefer. Right. I'm like six shades darker than I am in the wintertime. It's pretty dramatic. I tan pretty well. I way prefer to look that way. I can look that way if I sit in the sun all day.


But if I could take a peptide that I would look that exact shade that I naturally look anyways without all the sun damage. It seems kind of crazy not to do that if you're just picking between hours in the sun versus this peptide for the Same result. But you're not picking that. You don't have to pick that. You could pick just living a normal life where sometimes you look tan and sometimes you don't. Yeah. Like everyone. But if I have Has to deal, have a choice, I would look him. Everyone has to deal with, there are things I like about myself and there are things I don't, and there are things that I like in the summer and things that I, whatever. Like Yeah. Being able to have everything you want, I think is bad Buddhism.


Sure. I think if I could take a peptide for my skin right now. Yeah. Right. I would, don't you want it? This is insane. In the summertime, like transparent Erin Aaron tan's really Gorgeous. Right? You're Aaron, it's who you are. Well, this is him in, In the women in April. Exactly. Is in April. Correct. It's who you are in April. So You have to be who you are in thank April. Well, thank you. Well hold on. Should they should. Do you have the same policy on whitening toothpaste? You have a range of what your teeth whiteness could be. You can use this product that'll make 'em, but they're whitest. They're possible. Yeah. And I, I think that's fine. I'm super supportive of that. I think that's fine. I think whitening toothpaste is fine.


I do think it's mostly accessible whitening toothpaste. Right. I think everyone can have whitening toothpaste, But now we're jumping topics. No, It's all connected for me though. It's like if you, if you are able to make yourself per in quotes, perfect. Well, I think that'd be a good distinction. I'm arguing to be the best version of yourself you can be. You comb your hair, you cut your hair, you brush your teeth, you do all the, you take care of your skin, you put moisturizer on. You're trying to be the very best version of yourself. And so my favorite version of myself is July.


'cause I think I look best tan and I can do that through sun damage or I could do it through a peptide and get no sun damage. It seems preferable. Okay. Now you're right about fact that I'm gonna get sun damage anyways. 'cause I like to be outside and I'm gonna be on a boat and ride motorcycles and hiking. So in my case, it's, it's kind of, I just Think we need to, we, we have limits. Humans have limits on who they can be. And I think that's okay to have limits. And I actually think it's, well, what we did talk about and what I did, what came up in therapy, which is I had to, I've had a many, many, many long years worth of figuring out how to accept myself.


Yeah. And physical things that I don't like being different from everybody else. I feel that for the most part, for the most part it's pretty tenuous. But still I've achieved that. And I think it's an important part of being a person to accept yourself On the surface. That sounds correct. But I would argue we would draw a line in that statement somewhere. We are all born looking a certain way. Yeah. And there are things we like and things we don't like. And I think you gotta just learn to accept that.


And, and you know, another, we were, we were at this birthday party with all these children who I think are perfect. Oh yeah, me too. And the idea that they are gonna go inject their bodies with things to change who they are is so sad to me. Yeah. And I can see it in the children and where the children, I mean, that's, we are them. We should just accept who we are. Yeah. I just think it's a huge spectrum. And it's not black or white. It's like, we don't accept that our teeth are yellow. We don't accept that. We can't see Right. Without glasses. We, there's tons of stuff. We don't accept that our hair shouldn't be styled and condition and we don't accept that our skin makes enough moisture to look how we want.


And we put moisture on it. It's just like, you're just moving out the ring. But my, my my Yeah. Why we are My What's that? We are, that's my whole point is Yeah. What's the, when are you gonna call it Where, what's the stopping point? Yeah. Yeah. And so what I landed on in that conversation was, yeah, I felt awkward and had a big nose and was super skinny in high school. And I learned to bet on my personality. And I did that. I made that growth. And that is where my core self-esteem comes from. Also, this is my one trip on planet earth. And I'm gonna go as hard as I can on this trip. I'm gonna try to have the exact body I always wanted. And I'm gonna try to, you know, I'm gonna try to do everything on this one trip Aesthetically In every single way, every conceivable way.


Travel to the whole place. Like I'm gonna devour the whole thing. Sure. That's you. Yeah. Yeah. And you, you can do that For me, it's just like, well, what's, when are we gonna stop? When everyone looks exactly the same? Like, what, By the way, I get it. And I think what you're saying is totally valid. Anyway. Well, what else? You're gonna join us. I asked you this morning. Oh, you're Yeah. I'm, I'm excited. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna come and ride a car, deliver food. You guys deliver food. Very Excited. Deliver some food. Scared. Well, you know what you should be scared about? It's pretty consistent. You smell a lot of food and you get pretty hungry. But you're working. Yeah. There's not time to, it's not time To, so you can't eat on the job.


It's not time to pull over, Go into their bags of food. Oh, can we order our own food? That's what ends up happening, is we get home so hungry and ready to order. Oh, wow. And then I spend way more than I have made 40 Times what was made. Oh, wow. Yeah. Did you explain the, to it already on the podcast? What we're doing? We did. But you can do it again a little bit. You did? Oh, I just wondered. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't, no one mentioned it to me so I didn't hear it. Yeah. I have a, I have a, a delivery account and I, we turn it on. Yeah. And then we just start delivering food and we shoot the shit. And then we ask some reader questions, some more dumbfounding questions and it's delightful.


It's delightful. Yeah. And you're on a car ride. You know what is interesting? I think I might have already told you this. I'm realizing now, I don't know how it'll translate. There's such a specific way people communicate in a car and I'm really seeing it now that I'm editing it. Yeah. Interesting. When you talk in a car, you really talk 'cause it's there up front. Oh, Interesting. There's, there's kind of a cool openness because you're not looking eye to eye with anyone. There's some, there's some weird outcome of not staring at each other while you're talking. Oh. Which is, it's just different and interesting. Cool. It's so car talk, like soon as you're hearing it, you're like, yeah, that's a road trip with friends. Or that's driving to go get food with friends. That's what it sounds. It just has a very specific sound That's fun.


Yeah. I like, I'm excited. I like that. I Really excited. I just remembered part of why I don't Like peptides. Yeah. Okay. Or what part of what's bothering me Yeah. Is obviously it's about me. Sure. All things that bother us are about us. I feel like I'm scared that nothing is real like that. That not, there's nothing basic that we can all touch down on anymore substantive as real as reality. Just like, I mean, in the news, in personal life, in everything, it's like, is there anything we could all agree on?


Yeah. And it's starting to feel less and less and less so. And I, that scares me. That makes sense. It's weird. I mean, I don't Know if I were you, I might feel like, fuck you white people, you already hit the lottery and now you want more. Oh, That is for a hundred percent part of it too. Yeah. Like when I, I'm thinking specifically about some of the people, I'm like, Now you want my skin Tone, you're gonna Exactly. Literally, it's like, oh, you're, you have been happy to be superior to this your whole life, but so you're gonna, but you're gonna pick and choose the things you like about these differences and, and, and take them on.


But you're not really different. So you don't have to deal with the negative side of it, but you get the positive side. Well, that's specifically with making yourself black Skin skin color. Yes. Yes. Yeah. That's a big thing. Like, oh, I like the way it looks, but I don't wanna be like marginalized. I would have liked to have been lighter and, and I couldn't do that. Right. So there's a part of me that's like, so you guys can't do that. It's not fair. Yeah. Yeah. It's just not fair For me. The ethical line in the sand is if you're going past what you just naturally look like, there's, that's dicey. So you can get August 10, but Exactly.


Exactly. Nothing more that like what you really like. You, you could just decide to go to a tanning booth. No one would be mad about someone going to a tanning booth. Yeah, that's true. But that feels temporary. That doesn't feel So, so is this peptide It doesn't permanently turn you. So she has to do that. Like she has to keep Oh, she's on a horse dose of that thing Forever. Yeah. Until she decides she wants to be white again. Yeah, exactly. Right. And she goes, which Will probably be soon. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. She there. She's Erin. There she Is. Oh God. I know. Fuck. Can you Fucking believe that? Also, she's like triple H titties. Like fake.


So this notion that she's like on the Savannah trying to be Messiah and she has these enormous boltons Oh. It's just wild. So wait. Okay. I, and I know I'm behind. I have so many questions. Yeah. It is her Hair. I know. That's what I said. Right. The hair is very confusing. I now, if there were a peptide that I could take That would gimme Thick, thick hair, I would do it in a second. You don't get to Or do I? Maybe I will. I'm already putting a topical on to try to keep it as thick as possible. And that's not a problem. It seems like the difference is like, whether it's external or internal is like the tipping Point.


That is the difference for me. Yeah. I don't know why. Yeah. Well, I mean, it is cha it is changing like cellularly, which I think is bad. Yeah. Or unfair. Yeah. Just, yeah. I don't think there's much going on with this talk outside of Los Angeles Angeles Right now. I Okay. That's a good question I had. I'm curious. Yeah. Maybe this is like, And when I say that, I just mean in Michigan, I, I haven't heard One person Talk about, I'm curious about that. Well, no, this is likely a conversation that will be happening in the rest of the country and in a couple years. Yeah, exactly. Just like every other thing that starts here. Minimally, we would agree. These are really kind of arbitrary lines.


We draw everywhere. Are I, I draw them too. They are. I draw them too. Like Yeah. I think me going and getting facial reconstructive surgery and a different, and getting Brad Pitt's nose and stuff for me, for whatever reason, that is a betrayal of who I was born to be and then taking testosterone and eating lots of protein and working out. That's not to me. Right. Right. And it's just, I decided that. Right. You know? Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. That's Like, I, I want Brad Pitt's body in Fight club and I'm, I am happy to go pursue it in any way I can. And I would not be happy trying to pursue his face in any way I could. Well, you're not and that's so interesting. Well, you're trying to pursue It. You wouldn't, well, maybe you would, you wouldn't like go get surgery. If there was a surgery I wouldn't get it to, wouldn't Jack do that?


No, I wouldn't get like calf implants or, right, Exactly. Yeah. So. Right. There's some weird line where my muscles also have to be real. Yeah. It's All, it's all so arbitrary. It is. It is. Yeah. It's, but it's just feeling like there's really just shaky ground everywhere. And I, and I just don't know what Well, and I just, I just need to be, what I need to do is just get very clear with myself of what matters to me. Like it doesn't, I, whatever everyone else does is what everyone else does. That's fine. But I, I just need to like, sit with what I, And by the way, this is the tip of the iceberg. Like this is what's going to happen in Cascade fashion over the, our lifetime.


Yeah, I know. Like The stuff's coming out hourly. Yeah. They're like, what they can do that what they brought back the fucking, they brought back dire wolves today. I dunno if you saw that in the news from Game of Thrones. Yes. What do you mean? Those, those, those wolves that are referenced in Game of Thrones. They got DNA off something and they've brought them back. They're Real Big ass wolves. Oh my God. Yeah. Yikes. I mean, they're not gonna be. Yeah. And I get, it's like, then what are we gonna do? Bring back a dinosaur. I hope. I hope so too. No. Yes. You guys are not. I want a baby one for my Room. Anything from any Movie. What kind do you want your room? I want a baby. Dinosaurs is, yeah. Yeah. Have you ever heard Aaron say that?


Oh, That is a cute, yeah, I have. He does it so good. I know. I we do one. Aaron, You wanna do it? Yeah. It's like a synthesizers in his throat. Okay. Monica Lewinsky facts. Monica Lewinsky Facts. Okay. What does it mean for Mercury to be in retrograde in astrology, mercury and retrograde means the planet. Mercury appears to move backward in the sky from Earth's perspective. And astrologers believe this period can lead to miscommunications travel delays and other challenges related to mercury's domains of communication, travel and technology during a mercury retrograde period.


Astrologers believe that communication can become more challenging. Oh, I already said that. Sorry. That's proof of it. We are probably in retrograde right now because it goes into retrograde roughly every 30 days. And each retrograde cycle lasts for about three weeks. So there we have very few days where we're not in retrograde, it seems. Which I don't understand that Part. It seems like it'd have to be exactly 50 50. Right. It's gonna approach as, as the exact same amount of time it, it retreats. Yeah. I don't get it. I don't get it either. But astrology doesn't make sense. So that's why it's consistent with astrology a little bit.


Sure. That brings, that makes me think. Erin's daughter's born on Leap year. Oh, so she's only, that's so rare. She's only four years old. Oh no, she's not four yet. Oh, she's not? Yeah, she's driving but she's not four. Yeah. Well, what is that on her license for? But they let her drive. Oh my. It's a rattle for her picture. That's So cute. Yeah, she's not, She'll be four. Oh. She used to hate that when she was young. But she has embraced it fully and loves, you know, every, Okay. Yeah. I would feel very robbed that two years in a row. Your birthday doesn't even pop up on the calendar. Yeah. Oh No. You're so Unique.


Yeah. She's embraced a uniqueness. Yeah, she, it used to be though. 'cause she's the baby and so they're like, you're one Yeah. You would make her say, you know, like, that's all you gotta say is you're one, like you're, and they can say it for four years easier. Oh yeah. That you're one. So Yeah. So That's tough. She Would cry and hated being one. Oh yeah. But yeah, It's gonna really work in her favor. The older she gets. She's gonna be 16. Yeah. When she's 80. When she's 50. Yeah. How have you liked your new tattoo? Oh, I Love it. Oh yeah. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Because it was a last minute decision.


It was. I mean, why the hell not? Yes, it was. I'm very excited that you and I got matching tattoos. Me too. I've said, I've told a lot of people Just too cute. Just too cute. When we're together, it's just too cuties. Just do, that's what it stands for. Does anyone think it has to do with Jesus Christ? Not yet. Okay. But, but a can in the right company, it means does know. Right. What would it mean? Jesus to Christ. Jesus. To Christ. Yeah. Two Christ. Well, I love Jesus twice. His mouth, the second coming of Christ, second coming.


It's all about the second coming. Oh, That's, Yeah. It's the sequel of jc. Oh God. JC too. So you're, oh, my guys claiming that you yourself are the second coming. No, Just you're declaring. I can't wait for the Comment. Oh, I see. Okay. Okay. Number of married people in the United States in the eighties versus now. In 2023, there were 62.18 million married couples in the United States. This is an increase from 40.2 million married couples in 1960. While the number of married couples in the US has increased in the past few decades, this could very well be just due to a population change. Since the US population has been increasing, the marriage rate has decreased significantly since 1990.


In addition, the divorce rate has almost halved since 1990. Oh, That's kind of good news. So less people are getting married, but more people are staying married. Yeah. A higher percentage are staying married. It is, I guess that's a silver lining Despite concerns that more people are getting divorced than in years past. Okay. Now did Molly Ring while married? Beastie Boy? No. Hmm. Did you think that? No. Okay. Okay. Now the Not Mendela effect. Correct. The Menendez brothers, Eric's 54. Lyle's 57. Monica's 51. So she never, she was, she missed high school with Lyle, But was there for, with Eric a year or two?


Monica Lewinsky went to high school with the Menendez brothers. Wow. Yeah, right there. This wallet. That's how Stinchcomb came up. Yeah. Okay. Because I was like, can you imagine going to high school with that circus going on? Right. Because he was still a, the younger brother was still in high school. Right? Yeah. I think, Oh yeah. Crazy Scary. Well, that's it for Miss Monica. Oh, it was a lovely. Do you think Hermia hangs out with Monica Lewinsky? I hate to say this 'cause I really do like Miss Lewinsky, but I prefer my mom, Monica Padman. Oh, thank you. Yeah, she's a very good mom. I do care deeply for him, even though he is an old man.


I, That's okay. Everything's always okay. Sometimes I don't know when he's here and when he's left, you know, he's always here. Yeah. He's Always, I very rarely leave my apartment. When you find a place you like where I'm at in Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona, USA. You stick around. Yeah. All right. That's it for Monica. All right. Love you. Yay. Love you. Aaron.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24, I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define Reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of Reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow Reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.