
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepard. I'm joined by Lily Padman, and today we have the greatest voice of all time, perhaps. I mean, Him and Edward James, almost Darth Vader. Sure. But I, That's classic. I'm picking Morgan. Yeah. Morgan's my guide to Morgan Freeman Academy Award-winning actor, producer, and narrator. The Shawshank Redemption seven. Our very favorite, ding, ding, Dingles, God, Bruce Almighty, the Bucket List, million Dollar Baby and new season of Lioness, the Taylor Sheridan Show.


Hugely popular Season two out right now on Paramount Plus. What a delight. Morgan Freeman. I Feel really, really, really lucky. We got to talk to him. Yeah. Such a legend. Like a true, the one of one, we're not gonna get another one like him. Yeah. Very, very special. Yeah. So basically, this is a G. This is almost an ass MR gift. You're gonna get to hear Morgan free in that. That beautiful, oh, velvety voice. Ooh. For the next hour and change. So please enjoy Morgan Freeman.


We are supported by Quince. You know, Kristen's been ordering a ton from Quince. Quince is amazing. Yeah. And I told her, I go, you know, they're a sponsor and she, she couldn't believe it. Being stylish and comfortable allows you to feel your best, making you ready to tackle anything that comes your way. That's where Quince comes in. I was just in the house and our friend Anna, she had borrowed a sweater from me. It's blue and it's from Quince. It's gorgeous, and it fits so well. And when she was wearing it, I was like, I want it back. Of course, that's a sign of a great item when you regret loaning it out. There's no better workout motivation than some new active wear Quince performance tees and tech shorts are perfect for any movement. And if your work wardrobe needs a revamp, you can't go wrong with their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $60. They're able to offer such affordable prices by partnering directly with top factories, cutting out the cost of the middleman. Then they pass those savings onto us, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dx.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the World and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. They're flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay. Make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything With next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website. It's incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


Hello, sir. Hello, sir. I'm Dax. How you do Dax? Good. Nice to meet you. Thanks for coming. Where are you guys coming from? I live here in la. You do? Okay. And Morgan lives in Alabama, Mississippi. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Which one? That's the question. Alabama. Which one? What? Mississippi? Both. You can't have both, can You? I guess Maybe you can have both. I do have both, but I spend most of my time in Alabama. Do I have to put these on You? Do whatever you want. You don have to do anything you don't want to do. If you like 'em, great. If you like them, you like 'em. If you don't, you don't. Let's go. You guys outta here. It's time to Leave. That was the final straw. First was where you stand. None your fucking business.


Two was, do you really live in Alabama, Mississippi. That was strikes twos. Now you are the one that says you can't live in both. I did say that. Well, it does feel like a riddle. It does. Like how could you possibly live in both? Like where did they bury the survivors? That old riddle? Yeah. I guess you could conceivably build a house right on the state line and put your bedroom dead in the middle of it. Oh, that'd Be fun. And go to sleep on one side and wake up on the other side of the bed. Well, Morgan, welcome to the show. Are you doing a bunch of press right now for Lioness? Yeah. And what's your overall feelings about press? You can be very honest. 'cause I have varying views myself. It's a half two. You have to do it. That's right. I was given a choice of not.


I would not. That's fair. Well, it's the only part of the business that, let's call it an imposition. You have to do it and it gets old. Yeah. So there's many reasons why it can be uncomfortable. One of them is starting to just kind of feel fraudulent. 'cause you're repeating yourself so much. Exactly. I can turn the air on for us, if that's okay. Yeah. Oh. Oh, shit. We just turned it off. Oh, Then I'm turning it off. I'm turning it right back off. I don't react well to air conditioning. Oh, tell me. Well, It makes you sniffly. It steps up my head. I'm allergic specifically if I get air blowing on me cool air.


And that's it. First of all, my head stops and I sneeze. I do all the things that you do if you're allergic to something. Oh, right. And I know why you are allergic to things you don't like it. Sure. Don't. Sure. Now, you were brought home as a baby to Memphis. From Memphis. Dad was a barber. Well, at the time they were both nurse's aides. Ah-huh. Oh, okay. And then your mom was also a teacher at some point? A little later. Yeah. She started to teach music. 'cause she played the pi banana. The, yeah. Tickled the ivory. Yeah. Did you ever play, did she teach you? She didn't have the patience to teach me.


Either I that or I didn't have the patience to learn. I wanted to play the piano. I didn't want to learn how same. Yeah. I can relate. That's the big hurdle. The learning part. Yeah. Unfortunately. Yeah. You go down to Mississippi and you live with your dad's mom there? Or does the whole family? I'm 87 years old. They were all dead. When you Were mean back then. Oh, when I was a toddler. When you got, No, I'm sorry. This is what I wanna do. Let's introduce CRS condition, which you've recently diagnosed yourself as. 'cause I think that's a good primer for the interview. Yeah. What is that? CRS? Yeah. Think He can't remember a lot of things. Yeah. And he said on Camel that he does have CRS as a condition, which is, can't remember shit.


Oh, wow. So that medical condition we should state up front. That's important for us to say in case we get a little blurry on the Good. Good, good. My long term memory Slacked most, I think is pretty much intact. It's slacked five minutes ago. And Does that sort of extending also going back months. I do wonder, can short term get bigger? Short term memory? I don't know. Mine gets smaller and smaller. But those core memories, they seem very intact. Yeah, that's a good term to use. Core. I remember my childhood as well, perfectly. Two years ago. I'm not sure what happened. And I kind of marvel at what an impact it makes. Do you think about that? There are moments in your childhood that are just clear.


I have moments when I remember something when I was four or five, six years old. Do you remember a context at all? Do you remember World War II was ending. Is that a memorable event or was that just the water you were swimming in? That's just water. I was swimming and good way to put it. I have a little boy during the war. How old was I when it ended? I think Eight, maybe 37. You were born ended in 45. Good. Math tax Is a lot of math here. That's one of my fuse skills, Morgan. Really? Yeah. If you want to hit me with anything you got even like tax items you want me to add up quickly? Right on. Because mine sucks. Always has. How were you as a student? I was very good as a student. I just wasn't good in math.


I read a lot that set me up with English teachers. Everybody else except math instructor. But he was kind to me because I was a star Already. An acting star. Yeah. Yeah. You start really, really young. Yeah. Your first role's nine years old. Eight. Eight. Yeah. And you're living with grandma or mom? Mom by now. Okay. That grandma was my petal grandma died at age six and a half While you were there. Oh Yeah. I remember. I'm a junior, so my name was Junior. There were two or three ladies sitting with her while she was dying. And then finally say, you think she's dead?


Well call Junior and have him call her. If she doesn't answer, she's gone. Mm. You were the test? Yeah. Shook her. Called her name and she wasn't there anymore. Did you enjoy living with her? I was A little boy. Yeah. I was the apple of her eye. Both grandmothers were worthy. Big influences. Yeah. Now this gets serious, I'm assuming. 'cause at 12 years old, you win a statewide, you're like in a drama competition. You win. Best actor at 12 years old. Are you feeling yourself? Are you like, next stop is Broadway? What does that do to a 12-year-old? I always wanted to be in the movies. I didn't see stage plays.


Right, right. I was living in the movies. So that was where my passions lay and lie. What were the movies at the time that were huge for you? Those Saturday westerns. Last Larou and Buck Rogers. That Was a western in space, right? Yeah. Ken Maynard later on. John Wayne was coming along. Was Eastwood. You were too similar in age. Right? How old were you when you started seeing Eastwood in movies? He was on Rawhide, rowdy Yates. That's when I first noticed him. And then, you know, he disappeared for a while. And then he was the man with no name could shoot five guys just like that.


Yeah. I was only curious If you had been a fan of his before you worked with him. Big Fan. My favorite movie was the Outlaw. Josie Wales. Joie Wales. Yeah. Yeah. Now you were also moving a ton, right? 'cause you did Memphis. You did a couple places in Mississippi. You did Gary, Indiana. How were you doing when you were dropping into these new schools? Nonstop. Getting beat up. You were getting beat up. Yeah. You know, skinny, bookish. The only thing I had going for me was I wouldn't give up. I would not show up. What was the roughest stop? Chicago South Side. What ages were you in? Chicago. I got there at age six. First time I was ever slapped real hard. Oh. Oh. Because it was a December in Chicago and that cold.


I'd never experienced that before. Yeah. Yeah. And at the time, the Illinois Central Railroad was the connection. So I got off the train with my biological father. 'cause he came down after my grandmother died. His mother, he had to come and get me and my sister. You Have two older sisters, Two older brothers, A younger sister, and a younger brother. So you're a middle, middle, middle. I am the middle child. Quintessential, middle, Quintessential, Easy target. Yeah. Every time I changed schools, what seems to mean all the time. You had to be initiated into some other little gang. You gotta prove where you'll sit on this ladder every time you arrive.


It doesn't come with you. No. And I wasn't a fighter. You could jump by four or five boys or at all. Had All right. Jesus quit. Yeah. Yes. You're just praying for someone to have some kindness in them. Yeah. Mercy. Oh God. I hope one of these four boys has the bravery to say, we should stop kicking him now. I think we might be hurting him very badly. Did your brothers get picked on? Two, We Didn't grow up together. Not until I was 11 years old, because two kids were with my mother ultimately. And two were with her mother. My maternal grandmother. Dad.


I'm just gonna guess he died very young. 49, 50. How old was dad when he died? Very young. Yeah. Yeah. Like 47, something like that. Wow. Says cirrhosis. Was he a drinker? Oh heavens. Yeah. Okay. Again, same. Dad was a raging alcoholic. Stepdads were in the mix that were much worse. My stepdad was it? He was my dad. You got a good one. Yeah. Oh, that's great. That rarely happens. Yeah. Well, it wasn't early. It was late. He had his own issues. Sure. Who Doesn't? But it was good to me and my mom. So what things did you pick up from that? For me, I lived in the same house for 16 years. Never wanted to leave. I hate moving 'cause of that childhood.


I hate authority. And from enough interviews. I've listened to you in the last couple days. I feel like you might have a little of authority issue as well. Do you? Just a Little, just a, just a tiny bit. Yeah. It was three years, eight months, and 10 days in the United States Air Force. Yeah. So shocking to me. You went into the Air Force. 'cause that sounds to me terrible. A lot of dumb people are gonna tell me what to do all the time. Yeah. And I'm gonna have to listen. Yeah. I got into trouble there. Want to hear one of my stories? I would Love to. Yes. I've come outta high school, been able to just murder an Underwood typewriter. You were a quick typist. Yeah. And the Air Force made me a radar mechanic, and I hated my stick.


You know? Really? You were a thespian? Yeah. Well, Closer. Yeah. And you hated math. The Kid who was the clerk in the maintenance office was arrested for child molestation. Oh. In other words, he had a little girlfriend. He was 19. Oh. And she was 13. Oh Boy. Okay. So, mm. Yeah. Oh God. No bueno. Yeah. So I volunteered to take his place in there because Dexter was the typewriter. I could even compose a reasonable letter and all that kind of stuff. Now I'm working there for a few months and a new sergeant comes to take over the maintenance department.


Tech sergeant, black guy, tall, had an eyebrow that could reach his hairline. My captain who thought I was a gift from heaven. 'cause of the typing speed and the composition. Yeah. I want you to meet one of my best men. He says to the sergeant, I go in, he says, Sergeant Spa says Airman Freeman, one of my best. I said, sergeant's nice to meet you. Keep your nose cleaned. I'm sure we're gonna get along. You said that. Oh my God. Oopsies, You'll fare well in my written coverage of this. How'd that go down? Had eyebrow shut up.


And he looked down. There was a big box next to him. Said, you want to take this box up to the sixth tower? No, he's black. I'm Black. Captain is white. Captain is sitting down there with his head down. I let him stew for half a minute, I guess. Now. I said, Sergeant, If you want me to take this box up to the sixth tower, just tell me to do it. And it's gone. But you asked me if I wanted to. Oh, Wow. Right. And I don't, But you know, the guy became my best friend. Oh, He did? Oh Yeah. Absolutely. He'd stand around and wait for me to pull that shit. How did you end up in the Air Force?


I needed to get outta Mississippi. I'm never gonna be in the movies in Mississippi. Well, I gotta leave. I wanted to fly a jet. I wanted to be a pilot. Yeah. You loved airplanes right? At The time. I did. I still do. I'm a pilot now at 65. You got your license. That's incredible. Yeah. You know a lot about me. I'm trying. You deserve that. Thank You. And then, so wait, Wait. We graduating and getting into the Air Force. Yeah. It just seems like such an interesting detour for you who seems like, you know, but I get it. You need to get out. I needed to move. That's a sad part of that because my grandmother, who was life savior for me, died alone.


All of us. We left home and she said to me, If you stay here and go to school, I had two partial scholarships For drama. Right. Yeah. And no, I gotta go. Yeah. Live your life. Yeah. I buy you a car If you stay home. Aw, I gotta go. So that's a heartbreaker, because those grandmas boy, they were available. Right? Yeah. Yeah. These are the things that you sit with for the rest of your life when you make these decisions. Yeah. I was thinking about, what was your expectation? 'cause dad died so young. Grandma died young. 57 when my paternal grandmother died. Yeah. All of it's all too young. Your mom made it to her eighties.


Yeah. She was in her late eighties actually. When the adults around you growing up die so prematurely, I would imagine it's impossible to not start thinking, I'm not gonna count on seeing 90 or seeing eighties. Did that impact you or did you never have that view? No, I didn't. I just never thought about it. And when I think about dying, I think about just not being here. I do things and I fly planes, sailboats and stuff. You Work out, you play golf. Yeah. And we get into some situations when you think, well, I guess this is it. Especially flying your hobby. Yeah. You get to have that probably more than most people Tailing. If you get it More. Oh, fuck that. I race stuff. I'm all about flying the ocean.


No, thank you. Oh man. The ocean will tell you in one second, guess what? I'm in charge. There's no game plan that's gonna get you out of this. Yeah. But if you're on the ocean, you got a good sailboat. It's very survivable. Yeah. I just watched this doc about this young woman, this South African who sailed around the World. Sailed Around the World. Yeah. All by herself for months, no wind for like two weeks sitting in the middle of the ocean. No wind. That's The worst part of sailing right there. No wind. Woo. The ocean. Yeah. Flat com. And you're pretty much in the doldrums. And the doldrums is that area between the equator and say the next 10 degrees north or south, nothing happens there. Oh Yeah.


When that happens, I wonder If you feel like, has the World stopped? People have gone insanes there. Yeah. Yeah. To see the glass, like surface of the ocean, I would think, oh, motion has stopped on planet Earth. No. Swell. Oh, that's terrifying. However, There is a current, the current is only going to be about a knot and a half, two knots. But you're moving. Oh, Okay. It just doesn't, You just can't tell. Going 10 degrees of latitude at one and a half knot is very Dry. So If you headed for the southern ocean, you're gonna go through them. It's A lot of trust. Or If you got a good engine and enough fuel you put on your motor, get the Fuck out of the do.


Oh, right. Yeah. I just, that's where that came from. The doldrums. Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. I sailed through it one time on that Asia trip, and it was calmer, but it wasn't glass. Like that would've really freaked me out. It's Freaky. You've been on the ocean there. Waves of wind, and then here you are with nothing you think you know. Oh yeah. Yeah. I could very well die here. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want that. I don't want that at all. And rot. Yeah. No one's coming out here to get me. Right. Would you be opposed to me keeping you here as an attraction? Like when you came to my house, you could get a picture with Morgan Freeman, the taxidermy version.


Can I have your oral permission for that? If that Happens, I'm gonna stuff your ass. You know, when I die, I want to be ba, it's gone. Yeah. I don't want be lying down with tubes everywhere. Somebody sitting there waiting and I'll jump out a window. Yeah. That. I ain't going do that shit. Don't do that. Well. Well, I'm not kidding. I If you that sick. I know it's miserable. You're not gonna do it. You can't do it. We're onto something here though. Well, my wife will hear about like, so and so just told his family has had cancer for two years. I'm like, yeah, that's what I'm gonna do. Let me warn you now. I don't want anyone knowing I have something because I don't want to be pitied.


I don't like that. Oh, I'm so, And I'm maybe projecting on you, but I think that's one of your things as well. I don't need it. I've always been, because of these backgrounds, it's kind of self-motivated and you have to do for yourself, get a job. When you're 13, 14 years old, that starts you off on, yeah, I can do this. Okay. So after the Air Force, you have a pretty long period. When I'm looking at your life and your career, there's obviously a lot of unique aspects to it. But one of them is, I think I underestimated this 'cause in my lifetime, most of the time I've been loving movies. You've certainly been a part of them.


But you had a really kind of later start of stardom. And I'm curious. So I left Detroit took 10 years to get an acting job. And that to me felt like 150 years. My pessimism and the weight of that for a decade was rough. I think I'd be an addict anyways. But certainly the addiction was fueled a lot by that. Like, oh my God, is this ever gonna happen? If I chosen wrong, am I gonna end up penniless? How were you during that long period of working a bit here and a bit there, having some success, then having some stagnation? How was that weighing on you mentally during all that? When I first got to la, it was February of 59.


I had $175. I got a little garage apartment for $45 a month. But the first month's rent 45, and then you have to put in that deposit. That's another 45. That was February. And that money ran out in April. I mean, completely out. I remember eating rice. That was it. Were you living around here? I was living in 49 0 5 Second Avenue, I think. 45 0 9 and a half. I made a friend who was a friend of the sergeant. His name was Sergeant John is Spalding. And he told me, when you get to la, look up this guy.


He is a friend of mine from way back. So I did. And the guy befriended me and his wife was another one of those. Every time I have been in really dire straits, this is a woman who got me out of it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Reached in and pulled. Anyway, we hooked up his wife and I, by that, I mean, she liked to do stuff that he just didn't care for. Going to swimming pools, going bowling, going roller skating, Being social and out there. Yeah. Well, she just enjoyed doing that stuff, and I enjoyed doing it. So she was happy to have somebody to do it with. It was no hanky panky, although she was gorgeous, Although it was killing me.


And then one day he said, God damn man, you eat here more often than I do. That was his subtle way of saying ride's over. He didn't Like that. So the next time I saw her was on a weekend and she said, when did you eat? Last Tuesday and Wednesday? I ran outta rice. Ran outta rice. What a fucking different life you ended up having. Oh, I know. Yeah. And she worked in the Board of Education, and she was instrumental in getting me a job. So I went to work as a transcript clerk at LACC. I was thinking, okay, so I'm gonna try to get into the Pasadena Playhouse. Somebody that said, no, you don't wanna do that, man, we got a better theater department here in LACC, and you go take classes for free because you're working in, that's what I did.


How do you deal With the many times where it looks like, okay, it's gonna happen. Finally got my foot in the door. I'm in this play. I'm on Broadway. There's a lot of those, right? Yeah. I was on stage in New York. Go back to Dungeon Theater and then work your way into Off Off Broadway and then Off Broadway and then Broadway. That started at around age 30. Were you feeling, when you were with your acting peers, were you feeling behind the eight ball? Were you having that sense that you were getting older? How do you explain that? That's just your temperament. I, that's that's what it is. And you were getting to perform, so you're like, okay, I, I'm performing.


That's what I wanted to do. Yeah. In San Francisco, did I mention San Francisco? I know that you were a part of a troop there. The Royal something. This Was the opera ring. The opera ring. We did Broadway shows and musicals. So I was in West Side Story and Must Upon a Mattress and CanCan and the Three Penny Opera. So you were at the 1964 World's Fair in New York performing. And do you know there was an actress that was doing her very first performance professionally at the World's Fair as a dancer. Do you know who that is? Goldie Hawn. Really? No way. Yeah. You guys were both there.


That was her first kind of paid dancing performance. I think that was mine too. Yeah. I thought that was interesting. That's, I was working in the, what do you call it? Garment District. Ah, New York. And a friend of mine who worked there got me job as a skip tracer. Oh, that's a guy looking for people out on bail. That's different. I'd call it Skip Tracer. It's not, I'm tracing clothing. Okay. Okay. Can I try to ship my tracer? Okay. And I was good at that. If you send a truckload of clothes somewhere and it didn't arrive, where is it? Well, it's with the Mafia down the street.


You're in New York. Am I right? Is that where a lot of it was? Not the mafia, but boy, you're in the mix. There Stuff went missing in New York pretty regularly, right? Yeah. So they were moving me up in the hierarchy, and guy who was the audit clerk took off. He got his license as a CPA and they said, do you want to take that desk? You get a $5 a week raise. If I'm making from 55, I'm gonna go to 60. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I get the job. I'm good at it. Now. People are bringing me stuff to do. This was part of your job actually. Really? Yeah.


And this and this. They said, well, he didn't ever have time to do it. And you do. Okay. How much was he making a week? Right? Well, he was making $105 a week. Well, come on. It's like a $35 a week raise. Just like that. We can't do that. These people who've been here 20 years was just up and leave. Now it is a phone call from a woman I knew from San Francisco, and she was in New York. We were taking dance lessons in San Francisco. I did jazz and tap and ballet. Yeah. You were very into dancing. An Actor who can move and sing.


You've got that much wider possibility. Opportunity. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And she called me and she said, did you know that Michael Kid was holding auditions for Dances for the World There? The next day, my lunch hour, I went to the audition. Michael Kidd says, how soon can you start? How soon do you want me? He said, today, today I'm not coming back. Yeah. And did all of a sudden they have $105 a week to Pay you? No, they didn't. I mean, I was gone, man. Okay. I was expecting them to go, Hey, My supervisor, you said, how much does this pay? I said, I'm not coming back. I got a job. I'm dancing. He said, how much is the passage?


$92 a week. He says, okay, how long is that gonna last? I don't care how long it lasts. Yeah. And so that was it. It was my New York job. There's Some about giving away security for the dream. There's something magic that happens. I had a job that was perfect. Gold cage. It's like I only worked on the weekends. I worked enough hours. I could pay to be an actor. At some point. I had to go like, I'm quitting that. And I don't really have a plan, but I feel like I need to quit that before this other stuff's gonna open up. Your Broadway debut is in 68 and Hello Dolly Pearl Bailey won a Tony for that. It was a all black cast of Hello Dolly.


Yeah. Were you a Cab Callaway fan was exciting for you? I was more excited just about being on Broadway. I had done an off-Broadway play that I'm not allowed to say the name of, but you Can. Yeah. The nigga of us with Vi Leers and Stacey Ke. We had a short run. Joe closed. I auditioned as a replacement for the part of Rudolph, the head waiter, and I got it. So I just moved from off Broadway to Broadway. I was in that show for 11 months, and a guy came to me and he said, I would like for you to come with me. I'm gonna do a little show.


We call it the DMC, some singing, some skits and stuff. Primarily, we're gonna be anti-war. I don't have the kind of money that you're making here, but you'll get press. You joined that. Yeah. Now again, you're in a Broadway play. People are getting nominated and winning. Tonys for me, I'm like, okay, buckle up. Here we go. Was it a rocket ship after that? I know. We go to 1971, the electric company. There was some empty times between the World's Fair at 64. The world's fair job didn't last, but a few months count rehearsal and the show itself closed in a couple of months.


So I was on the street for the most part. But I went to work at Nix. Nix is like early, early, early, early McDonald's. It's another one of those places where you go and you can get these little hot dogs. You can get donuts cup of coffee, you can get scrambled eggs and bacon. Fast food. Yeah. And it paid $49 a week. And you worked 44 hours a week. Ooh, boy. So a Dollar an hour, basically. Yeah. And it was a sign shop that says no tipping. Oh Geez. Heaven forbid. Yeah. So I say to the guy in my orientation, I said, no tipping people are going to sometimes tip you.


You give them good service. What do you do? Give it back? Oh my God. He said, well, no. What if they put it under a napkin and just walk away? He said, you ring it up as a sale. Why? And so they can keep it. Yeah. So I'm working and I'm looking around at the other guys are working in this place. Hoodlum to the core. Sure. Everyone's on the grip. These guys are not working for no $49 a week. So the manager was black guy, and I cornered him in the dressing room and said, okay, how does this work? Yeah, Give me the reel. Show me the ropes.


So he showed me the ropes. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me, or screamed his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or, you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice. Essential. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Mint Mobile. It's time to leave your overpriced wireless plans, jaw dropping, monthly bills and unexpected overages. Get huge savings with Mint Mobile. They're offering any three month plan for only 15 bucks a month. Even their unlimited plan. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and texts delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. You can even bring your current phone and number ditch Overpriced Wireless with Mint Mobile. It's so easy. Sign up online and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. If you like your money, mint mobile is for you. Shop plans@mintmobile.com slash dax. That's mint mobile.com/dax. Keep your money where you can see it and stop overpaying for wireless upfront payment of $45 for three months. Five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $15 a month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees, extra cement, mobile for details


Behind every bp. Philip, thousands of people across America go to work every day. People producing energy offshore people turning it into products at our refineries. People doing r and d to make products that are better for your engine. People trading and shipping fuels to their destinations. And the people who help you at one of VP's growing family of retail stations. They're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more at vp.com/investing in America.


So what was the Trick? A guy comes in, he orders a cup of coffee and a hamburger. So you give him a cup of coffee. The hamburger, you ring up the cup of coffee. Ah, now we're talking. Ah-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Slashing prices. And then you keep count of how much you've got in a cash register. And when it gets to be like a five or $10, all you have to do is take that $10, rumple that $10 up. Yes. Yes. Never put your hand in your pocket. Just fold it up and then get the coffee holder. Coffee pot. Oh, coffee. Oh, get the coffee pot. Yeah, because the hand, the big urn is in the bang. Oh. So then Okay.


Pocket. Okay. Yeah. And if you're doing that five shifts a week, you've doubled your salary right there. I was bringing home about a hundred a week. But they were getting onto this whole thing At some point. Yeah. Because the guy would come by periodically and just check the cash register. Yeah. And if there were more money in there than the receipt shows, That's Suspicious. Somebody would have to pay for it. I didn't like any part of that. Here I am stealing and this isn't gonna last very long, so I quit. I didn't quit because I had something else to do. I quit. 'cause I didn't want to get caught stealing. Yeah. And you didn't wanna work there for 49 bucks with no tips.


I didn't. So that was it. Here I am back on the street again. Now it's desperation. Time friend to mine goes. Says, we're going to go up to Stove Playhouse and do a taste of honey. She's gonna direct, and I'm going to star. Would you like to come along and do that? Yeah. Summer stock. Now I got a little job in Stove a month, so I'm exotic. Oh, sure, sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You're tall and striking And black. Yeah. A guy gives me a boat. Guy comes along and says, you Morgan Freeman. That's all I've heard since I hit town. Yeah. Yeah. So that's when I started sailing with that little boat on our little reservoir in Stover, Vermont.


Ah. I was hooked like you wouldn't believe immediately. Wow. What do you suppose it is? It's just your will, right? There's no engine to rely on. Is that the appeal? Like, I'm making this happen or it's not happening? The ownership of the experience, I suppose. Yeah. But I'm just taking advantage of what life offers me when there's nothing to do. When I don't have any way of managing. You get depressed. I've had long periods of depression not knowing when the next anything is gonna come along. But in my dotage, I realized that something always did something. Always does something.


Always will. You just keep marching. You just don't go jumping outta windows or doing something that's gonna get you in the slam or just to eat. So now I am now hooked on this boat. I go into New York for some reason, and while I'm there, I go to a bookstore and I get a book on sailing, not tying. And while I'm there, I go to an audition for an off-Broadway play. This is the one you don't want to say. Yeah. Yeah. And I audition and the guy says, well, thank you very much. And I go back to the scout a couple of weeks, they call, said, would you come and audition again?


So I get on Trailways and I go and I audition again. And I said, well, thank you very much. I really appreciate you coming back and back in the snow a week or so later said, would you mind auditioning again? Oh my God. The director of Snow Playhouse. Guy named Jim Leahy. See that? Remember his shit. It's incredible. Yeah. It's good. You've already listed more names than I currently hold in my head. He says, what? They want you to kind of, no, no. Listen, I want you to be here for my fall season. Tell 'em no. So I told them no. They said, you got the job. Yeah, Yeah. Right. You learned these lessons. Right? Right. So here I am now in a off Broadway play, and we do the play in the opening night.


I meet Jeff Hunter. He says, you're pretty good. Would it be all right with you if I recommended you for certain things for some jobs or something? Said, yeah. Never had an agent. Then one of the producers of that plane said, I was one of the ones that wouldn't hire you, and you are better than I thought. I'm gonna put you on Broadway. Wow. And he did. Now, this is the way it happened. I got another job off Broadway. Manhattan Theater Club. Nice little play. We got pretty good response. I got great response. So that guy who was producer of that play was going to take this little play to Broadway, which they did, for which I got kudos.


Yeah. Yeah. Playing a Wino, A Drunk. The play might have lasted a week. Oh, that's it. Geez. Yeah. Well, they just produced it right out of existence. It wasn't there on the stage like it was when we headed off Broadway. Only cast member. That was the same with me. That lasted about a week. But I got good press. Now I'm on a New York scene. New York magazine had a little section they used Always on the Town. And there I was. Your name was in there on the town. Now Maybe. That's cool. Great. It almost doesn't get better. Right? It gets better. It gets better. Well, that's good. I like that answer. Yeah, me too. So now here comes the electric company.


Amani. You're too young to remember the electric company. Right? Yeah, I know it. It was 71 to 75 PBS Kid Show. But it was a really fun and funky Yeah. Very seventies kid show. It was Sesame Street First. One of those really? Sesame Street was way before. Oh my God. So it's been going forever. Ever Electric Company was, the government would fund experimental television. It succeeded. You didn't love that though, right? 'cause of the subject matter or the pace of it. Terrified that I would become Captain Kangaroo. Ah, Right. Of course. And you'd just been on Broadway and edgy around town. That would've been really hard for me.


I would be very nervous that it wasn't gonna end well. What if it didn't end? If it didn't end, you would not go any place. Right? Yeah. Like actors who I know, really good actors, but they became spokesman for a commercial. That's it. That's as far as you're gonna go. I know. It was such a different time. It was so regimented and compartmentalized. And you couldn't do a commercial and movie. People couldn't be in tv and TV people couldn't be in soap operas and soap opera. It just never ended. Yeah. And I did it all In that period from 71 until really 87. You have 16 years of doing a part in a movie, being on a show for a minute, doing the soap for two years.


Okay. 87. Now, I just wanna point out, at this point you're 50. Yeah. About You do Street Smart with Christopher Reeve and Kathy Baker, and you get nominated for your First Academy award. Wow. Yeah. So I think you might have had this experience that a handful of people have, which is, it took forever, and then there is Whiplash. Was that a kind of whiplash? Like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I've just been cobbling together, rent now for all these years. Now I'm in this thing and now we're going to the Academy Awards. It feels a little abrupt. No, it doesn't. It started 20 years before It just felt like baby steps. Yeah. Well, you can have these different columns of luck in life, right?


Yeah. Oh yeah. You can be like very unlucky in some quadrant of your life, and then be pretty lucky in some quadrant. I picked that one over. Baseline luck level. I'd rather have some spikes. I think If you keep moving, that's what happens. You step into a hole somewhere and you sink. But instead of giving up, right, then you'll keep pushing. And I'm gonna tell youngsters, my kids, If you fall and you just lay there, people will go right past you. But If you fall and you struggle, somebody's going to give you a hand. Mm. That's really true. That's an interesting, yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. If you're trying, someone will come help you. Yeah. That's really powerful.


We don't hear that part of it. It's just get back up. But you're right. Struggling is another option. And it does elicit kindness and help. Sometimes you just can't get up by yourself. Yeah. Yeah. But that doesn't mean live air saying, okay, this is it. It's not it. Unless you say it's it. Keep pushing. Keep trying. Yeah. You'll always get a hand. Somebody will something. Probably a woman In my case, Exclusively. Okay. So then this isn't a stutter step. This is really the beginning of the very wild ride. The handful of people ride 80 nine's a crazy year. Glory comes out. Drive Miss Daisy And Lean On Me.


Yeah. All of that interesting thing for me in this wild ride was driving Miss Daisy and Street Smart came out same week. Oh really? Oh my God. Yeah. So in the movies, I'm this pimp and on stage I'm this old man. What a range there on display. That's lucky timing. There You go. Something will come Along. You and I won't call it God, but something. Yeah. It's always you. Yeah. I like your take on God. Well, do I believe in God? Well, I believe man invented God. So yeah, I believe in me. Oh, I like that. You heard that somewhere. I know you. I've been paying attention. Why am I sitting here talking?


I could do this whole thing If you wanna take a nap. Just what? What a fucking year though. Glory, obviously. Five. Oscar Noms driving Miss Daisy nine, Oscar Noms, including best actor nomination for you. Lean on Me's. A huge, that's a crazy year. Yeah. How Do you adjust to the notion of maybe having money going forward? Because that's now on the table in 1989. You're starting to probably reassess like, oh, I might actually have money now. At 52 years old, you hadn't bought a house yet at 52, had you? No, I hadn't bought a house yet. Do you remember buying your first house apartment in New York? Yeah. I had a friend who was in real estate doing pretty good.


Now, co-oping becomes possible in my building. So as a tenant, I could buy my six room apartment for $78,000. Oh my God. Oh, I don't have $78,000, but I am working. I go to a friend and say, I just need a quarter of that ticket loan. He said, in essence, no, it won't be worth it. So eventually I bought the apartment instead of 78,000 to pay 230 pounds. Oh, Bummer. Oh oh three x. But I had the money. Yeah, you were able to. Yeah. And now it's worth 20 x of that.


Probably. Now it's worth 20 million. Okay. So it really takes off in 89. I just want to ask you about a couple projects. One of them is Monica and I's top five movie of all time. So we gotta geek out of her a second on that. Oh boy, do we. But I do just wanna talk about 92. That feels very special to me. Unforgiven, I Didn't audition for that plant. Eastwood called. Oh boy. That's a big moment. What's that feel like? Glad Eastwood. He wants me to do a Western with him. The dream. You're Kidding me. I think people can have performances. They change something permanently where no matter what happens, I give Donofrio as a great example of this in full metal jackets. Like If you do that scene one time sitting on the toilet with your gun, it cannot be taken for the rest of your life.


People know? Well, he can do anything. That's not to say we're gonna give him anything to do, but we know he can do anything. And for me, Unforgiven for you is that, well, that's done on Morgan Freeman. That guy is a legend. That's like a legendary performance. The chemistry between you two is just, that's the part of magic I like about movies. You just don't know. You could be best friends with somebody, have no sparkle on screen. Right. And then you guys are strangers and you have this deep familiarity and understanding of who one another are. And this acceptance and this non-judgmental friendship, which is so pure and interesting. Could you feel, when you were making the movie, this is a special thing? Or did it feel like all the movies Special to me?


I'm onscreen with Clint East Fucking shit. Yes. It's impossible. It doesn't get better. When I was a little boy, If you wanted to give me something for Christmas, gimme a cat pistol and a rig. I was so good. I could shoot five guys. Pow, Pow. I practiced nonstop. I would be twirling. Oh yeah. Putting it in the holster sideways. I was bad. Yeah, Me too. No one was looking, but I thought I was a bad customer. You know, you're just practicing. You Grew up and you got to play that with the ultimate guy who does that. And you got to be a bad motherfucker yourself, which is fun to play. Especially If you got beat up a lot in these schools. Yeah. It's full circle Directors.


It sounds like you've been hit or miss with directors. Mostly hit miss. Only been a couple of times. I guess what I'm going for here is, I'm guessing you must have liked how Clint directed. I love the way Clint directs. He knows when he has what he needs and he moves on and He knows it soon. He does not direct Atlas. He directs the movie. Mm. You come knowing your lines and where all the cables are on the floor. Yeah. Right. As opposed to somebody like David Fincher. I had a feeling he's the opposite of that. He has a concept and they wants you to be privy to that concept. So if you're privy to that concept, and you will do your best to give him whatever it is he want.


That was what I got and my relationship developed with David. I know why you are asking me to do this. It is not like, okay, say it like this. He never said that, but I want light situations. So turn your head just as much. It's very technical. Yeah. That's How I would feel if I knew the game plan and I understood it and agreed that that was worthwhile of an endeavor, I could play along. It's the, I'm not sure what I want. Why don't you keep doing things until you show me what I want? No, no. For the listener. Morgan just physically feels over. Yeah. That's the zone, right. That we hate. I can't stand it. Let say, that was great.


Let's do another, you know, just to see what happens. You know? The same thing is gonna happen, dude. That's the truth of that moment for me. You know? It'll come out again. So that can be tough. Yeah. Younger directors, they'll get into that situation Well. 'cause there's an insecurity for them. It's like, if I don't have enough, what if I didn't do it right or, well, The attitudes gonna put you, Matt, That version. Monica. Almost mildly sympathetic too. It's more the entitled. Well, I have you. We got it. Let's see If you can come up with something on your own. I hadn't thought of. That's gonna be brilliant. That's just more like Right. Show.


I'm just gonna use you now into the ground. 'cause I can't To rewrite my script. Yeah. Yeah. That's the version. I don't really like Two people I really am nervous about trying to work with, and that's people who write and direct. And I just work with one who writes and directs that I would jump off a cliff for Is Taylor Sheridan In Lioness? Yeah. He's just like, it's yours. If you can think of anything you want to do, give it to me. I trust you and I'm open to the Morgan Magic. If you want to give it to me. I write the Morgan Magic. Yeah, that's right. That's his attitude. You know? It's like, right on brother. Right on. I'm here. Yes. Yeah. And then I'm up there with these Ladies, some badass.


Yeah. Such a terrific cast. Michael Kelly. Yeah. Nicole Kidman. I've Always been in love with that woman since I first saw her. Do you remember the role? For me, it was Days of Thunder. I was like, okay, I want her as a doctor. Yeah. For the rest of my life. Okay. When you saw and Forgiven, you grew up watching these movies on Saturday. I hope you had that moment where you thought like, oh God damn, I got him one of those. I glowed in the whole experience. I was always on set days when I didn't have to work. I hung out with the wranglers. Just wanted to be there. Yeah. Shawshank 30th anniversary again in the life story. The lessons you learn that just happened to you.


This one's interesting. I pointed out on the show all the time, Shawshank, for Your average, If you ask them, was that a hit? They go, oh, it's gotta be an enormous hit. 'cause every single person has seen this movie and it's fucking great. And it wasn't a box office smash. It underperformed. Or probably scared some people initially. I'll tell you what happened with Shashank. I saw this terrific movie. It was called She unk. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What? He has the same explanation as I have about Zaa. Oh, oh, Oh. I was in this great movie, Favreau directed called Zaa. That's a great movie. Not one fucking person was gonna step up to the ticket counter and go, can I get a a Z?


They didn't know how to pronounce. They didn't, they didn't want us try to say it out loud. Right. Kind of a middle aged lady on the elevator. Oh, I just saw you in the HUD sucker reduction. No, the HUD sucker reduction. Yeah, The HUD sucker reduction. Oh my God. Oh gee. How did you enjoy it? I wanna see that. Where did you see it? I wanna check that out. Oh, that's really funny. Now did that one feel, how about this? You had just done Unforgiveness as such a special movie and it was received and rewarded as such. Shahi. Was it a little heartbreaking? 'cause again, of your performances that to me, still in top three, They're not really heartbreaking for me.


They're heartbreaking for the studio. They put up all of that money, But Daron was a million. Takes director too. You weren't loving that vibe. That was a kind of tense set. Sure, sure. Yeah. Well, also subject matter. I mean, I'm sure all of it added up To that. You're in a prison. Yeah. I started to moving into prison. You underestimate what it's like to be just even shooting in a prison. After a few weeks, you're like, okay, novelty's worn off. I fucking hate it. I want get outta there. Yeah, This is, I did a lot of prison movies. I was in Attica and I did the one with Robert Redford Brubaker. Ah Ah, Brubaker. Good point. Yeah. Okay. The last movie I'm gonna make you talk about. We could do this all day. You're in so many great movies. It's wild. You've been nominated a bazillion times one several times.


Monica and I love seven. We love it. I watch seven once a year And it holds up. It's still so smart and so good. I would hate acting with that technicality, like it wouldn't be for me. I don't have the right disposition. So I applaud everyone that does it in the spirit of it because it's worth it. But I'll tell you, the magic of that is the way they all hold up. They are masterpieces of composition and pacing and timing. The work is evident. It's such a great movie. How did you enjoy making that movie? What was it like working with this young, gorgeous Brad Pitt? Young, gorgeous Gwyneth Paltrow? I really enjoyed working with David 'cause I so tuned to what he was after.


It gave me a lot of leeway. Did you learn about your powers a little bit in that movie? Just A little bit. I also twisted my ankle so bad riding across the field there at the end. Oh yeah, Yeah. John Doe has the upper hand. Oh, you Twisted your ankle doing that. Yeah. It was not like running on level of ground. I sprained my ankle and then I think we did this shot seven or eight times. Oh, of course. Gosh. I stretched my tendon so badly. It's not back again. So my foot tends to roll over. I wonder if this is a tall guy thing too, though. That's my Achilles is my, it's rare. It's literal, but it's not because, but yeah, when you roll and I remember my dad used to roll his all the time and he said basically with a rolled ankle, you gotta go a year without rolling it and it'll tighten back up.


But until then you can roll it so easy. Yeah. But I would say what you did in that movie, and when I asked did it help you understand your own powers, is if I'm you as an actor, the confidence I need to commit to that performance and go, I'm never gonna be showy. I'm not gonna be loud and exciting. I'm going to force you to lean closer to hear what I'm saying. That takes a ton of confidence. Did you have any anxiety while you're doing it? Like, I hope this works. No. When did I feel anxious about work on stage? The only time I had a part that I knew I couldn't do, I tried to do Othello and I've asked that few actors, did you ever manage to get that?


No. That's the one that, Ooh. Oh, that's interesting. I've seen one actor play Othello and get it, nail it. And that was Lawrence Olivier. Oh wow. Yep. Yep. That tells you a lot about how hard it's How hard it is. Yeah. Only Lawrence Olivier nailed it. I walk out on stage opening evening, this is outside in Texas, in Dallas at the Dallas Civic Light Opera. And I walk out on stage in this costume and somebody else sing Purple Haze. Oh geez. Oh Jesus, my God. Oh no. That was it. What is it about that role you think that's just makes it impossible?


I don't know what it is. That makes it impossible. I'm not sat and disgusted with any other actors. Ask Jimmy Jones. 'cause he's done everything. I've done it five times and I still haven't pulled it off. Interesting. It's like Moby Dick. Interesting. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I almost wonder if in a boxing way, If you are like defeated by, you want to give it another shot? Yeah. I know I can beat this guy. Yeah, I know I have it in Me. I know I can. Yeah. But something you were smart and you're like, I don't have it in me to beat Othello. I'm gonna let it be the one experience. Okay. Last movie. Just 'cause I'm curious how you got on. Did you have fun doing bucket list?


How'd you get on with Jack Nicholson? Let me tell you, for my money, Morgan present company excluded. But for my money, when you watch departed, you go, wow, this is about everyone. That's great. Doing it all in one movie. I go like, Hmm, who am I most gonna wanna look at in a two shot in a wide Nicholson is as great as, I mean, what an attractive human being did he deliver. Oh, Wonderful. You're smiling. Smiling. We're getting a nod and a smile. He's Jack, I met him prior and told him I had to give him my left testicle. I might give the whole package up. He was asked If you do it and he said, send me the script.


I send him the script and he said, yeah, let's do it. So there we were, me and Jack Nicholson. Oh man. It's also so funny to me that the bucket list was invented from the movie and now it's just a ubiquitous phrase that everyone uses. Yep. It's crazy works. I'll tell you, other than Clint, I had another icon, another idol that was Gregory Pack. Interesting. Why? Well, all the things I'd seen him in, nothing ever came up to Moby Dick. I read Moby Dick some time ago and that movie was every step in the book. They got it right. And he was awesome. First I saw him, we were at one of those award things in Hollywood.


I had a seat kind of on the aisle and he was coming up the aisle from the stage and jumped out and knelt down and he said, get up. And Then later on I got a call from, I'm doing this library reader, I get, you know, actors to come and read short stories. Would you do that? Well you hell jump out of airplane. I'll read a phone book out loud for you If you like. Yeah. Whatever. So we got conversational. But was Jack in your list as well? Oh yeah. When you were acting with him, did it fuck you up? Ever? Did you sometimes go like, oh wow, I'm in the scene with Jack Nicholson.


Would you get self-aware of what you were experiencing? No. When we were working, we were working. I work, but then I go home and I go, Jesus fucking Christ. Yeah, Yeah. Jack Nicholson. Yeah. But he was probably saying the same thing. It's a similar situation for him, I'm sure. Well, I don't know if Jack has that gear. I don't. That's Why we on, I don't think so. I Don't. I think, I dunno. I like that attitude. You got there. Yeah. It's nice. It's generous. I think it could be definitely true. I mean, maybe not him, but everyone else then on earth, A lot of people, I get that kind of response from that. Yeah. If I'm working with somebody that I hold that high up to me is to ride along, we ride together.


You take your run. I'm in it. Yeah, I get it. So here comes mine. I just want to compliment what you're doing. Yeah. How have you done in the past with other like strong male? Is it easy for you to coexist? Easy, Strong males aren't doing anything but acting. That's the pull quote. That's the Truth. Strong males aren't doing anything but acting. God, That's so true. Oh boy. Yeah. Once in a while we lift something heavy though. That's real. Well, Yeah. And then we're not needed for a very long time. Every now and then you have to lift something heavy. That's right. Or you gotta be tall once in a blue moon. I need to be tall for somebody.


If I justify my existence for a couple weeks, can you reach that for me? Yes I can. Okay. Let's talk about Lioness. Season two is upon us. This is Taylor Sheridan. And as we said, Nicole Kidman, Michael Kelly, Zoe sna. And now you're playing Secretary of State. So you've pretty much now played almost every member of government. I think at this point. You're getting close. Yeah. Presidents notice I use the plural there. Not many folks can say that yet. Which time was it that I was playing the president? No, that was the third time I played the president And here. Secretary of State. I've been head of a CIA interesting story there.


Tom Clancy heard that I was going to do part as a deputy assistant, the CIA. And he said, oh, if it's that guy, pick him the head. Yeah. Right. You're so close. Thank you very much. You got promoted? Yeah, Just like that. So Taylor's got a good thing going, right? I can't imagine. I'm almost certain he has a lot of stuff on the shelf stuff that he has written. 'cause he's one of those guys who writes, that's what he does. I don't care if he was washing dishes to make a living. He was writing. And this stuff is on his shelf.


A lot of it. He is so prolific. Yeah. So he had Yellowstone then he had two spinoffs. 18, 23 and 1914. 1921 I think, or something like that. 19 21, 18 83 And 1923. Okay, great. And then you've got mayor of, Mayor of Kingstown, The king of Tulsa. Lioness. Geez. It's like impossible. The amount of writing this human does in one year. So did it start with a meeting with you and Taylor? Yeah, We zoomed Taylor. She wants to talk to you. Oh, okay. I'm free. I'm free. Right.


So he said the right thing. He wooed you and off to Myka to work. Is that where you shot? Wow. That's When he shot the first season. No way. Yeah, man. Oh, come on. I'm telling you. Oh my God. And were you sailing down there in New York? No, no, no, no. I quit sailing. I got hurt in 2008. That's one of my questions for you. It was a very weird riddle within you getting hurt in 2008. You were driving a 1997 Nissan Maxima. Was it? Yeah. Morgan, what in the fuck is going on? This is 2008 and you're driving a 97 Nissan Maxima. This 9-year-old Nissan Maxima.


Wrong place, wrong time. I'm more struck by the notion that you're driving a 9-year-old Nissan. Yeah. Wants and you want Academy Awards. He wants a fancy car and you're rich. Wasn't my car. Oh, wasn't that? Well, there is the explanation. You can understand why. I was like, why is Morgan in this car? That was my main takeaway. Other than you were Hurt. I really could not tell you why. Okay. And when they did my blood work up, they said, well, we didn't have a lot of alcohol. So it wasn't that. What happens was, I think I just passed out. They put a pacemaker in me after that. Oh. Oh, Interesting. Yeah. So Maybe you had some heart fibrillation or something or Something.


AFib and just went and scary. Tore that car up. I mean, relatively unscathed with how bad the accident was. It was very bad. Right. Rolled the car over. Yeah, I think it tumbled. Oof. And you ended up hurting your hand pretty bad. I broke my arm. The humerus, the big bone up there Up here? Yeah. And so there's a plate in it and there's a pen in my elbow. It's nerve damage. I have no tissues. Oh wow. No nerves. And you have fibromyalgia now. It isn't fibromyalgia. It's not, I looked that up. It's more neuro like neuralgia. Okay. So you had to quit sailing? Yeah. Oh wow. The last time I was on my boat, I couldn't park it.


I had a 43 foot catch. Went out with friends one day and I couldn't get my boat back into the slip. Mm. That's a humbling experience. It Is very humbling. Heartbreaking. I walked away. What about bringing a fucking 16-year-old kid on board? Who? You get him out when it's time to park. Yeah. Can't we do that $49 a week? Like you're back at the I'm so much a solo guy. I don't like that. Isn't That sad? Shit happens as we say. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you meet with Taylor, it goes well. Season one goes well, you're back. Was it hard for you to commit to doing tv? No, it's not much different. There's a camera. There are lights, there's script, and I think so.


And TV's awesome now. Yeah. What are you watching more of? Are you watching TV or going out to the movies? You're probably like the rest of us watching tv. I'm watching tv. Yeah, exactly. And it's phenomenal, right? Yeah. It's hard to go to the movies for someone with a high profile. Can you go anywhere without getting Yeah, I stay home. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. There are restaurants around where I live. They'll just make way for me to make room. They'll put me in a special place. You did go back to Mississippi when you had the option, and I did wonder, is it overwhelming being famous in an area where it's more exciting to see famous people? No. Very quickly get used to the fact that you're back home And they're respectful of that.


Very respectful of that. You can't go into Charleston and say, where does Morgan Freeman live? And be told, Oh, that's nice. So what's happening in season two? You've got the emotional thing that the lions has to go through. I think that's the heart of these episodes. These women who, they go into a situation where they've befriended somebody, some other, some woman, a wife, girlfriend, a sister or something. Get to be close enough that she's in, on what's going on. And then they have to betray that For your country. Yeah. Now when you decide to work a, the appetite is impressive. How are you deciding when and why you'll work?


Do you like make decisions? I'm done and then you make another decision? I'm back. I'm not made that decision. I'm done. I haven't even decided I'm thinking about it. You know, it's like, holy, do I wanna keep going? And the answer of course is. Yeah. Can you get outta bed? Yeah, I can get outta bed then. Go to work. Alright. Well I have one laugh. Oh, I'm saying now. Okay. Okay. This obsession with your voice when that's first started, were you like, what's going on here? Or were you like, yeah, I get it. I think I sort of got it because when I was doing the electric company, it got more developed. I'm listening to myself now in earphones and you can do stuff with it now.


When I was in school, LACC, that's how my voice got put in place. Aha. Once it's in place, you know how to help it out. Play with it. Yeah. Well it's a Gift. Yeah. Well, this has been such an honor to talk to you again. Seven's our religion. We'll be watching, watching Watch it tonight Now that we're talking about it. All right. Yeah. Fair Enough. What a performance. You're such an anchor of that whole experience. You're great on Lioness. Of course. Lioness is super exciting. Great cast. That's out October 27th. Season two starts on Paramount Plus, this has just been a delight. I know that promoting is a thankless and boring and never ending job.


So I feel very lucky that we got so much of your time. Thank you. Thank you so much. It's such an honor to meet you. Good to talk to you. Yeah, you too. Oh, Should I say listen? Well you could say whatever you Oh Yeah. All of it. Alright, well be well and good luck. And everybody Wants you too, man. Be well both of you. Monica. Thank you. And what is that over there, Rob? That's Robbie. Rob. That's a Rob. That's a rob. Okay. They grow those in Chicago. Stay Tuned for more arm chair expert. If you


dare Looking for the ultimate night out experience the action from a luxury suite at Capital One Arena. Watch Ovechkin Chase history as a capital's. Hit the ice or catch the Wizards. Take on the NBA's Best. Rock out with Disturbed vibe with Mary j Blige. Or dance the Night Away with Kylie Minogue. Premium seating, VIP service and unforgettable moments all under one roof. Book your suite now@capitalonearena.com slash Premier Capital One Arena Watch in style. Live in the moment


As you write your life story. You're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career. Be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown SCS, the learning never stops and neither do you write your next chapter. Be continued at scs.georgetown.edu/podcast.


What's up everybody? It's Jason Kelsey. And I'm here with my slightly famous little brother Travis. AKA big Yeti Kelsey. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, we're here to bring you a next level entertainment experience with our show New Heights where the LA Baby Reigns Supreme. We're covering all the hardest hitting topics in order of importance. UFO sightings, the ideal pb and j combo. And Trav becoming a big time acting star. Big time is a big stretch. We've got Can't miss a-list interviews though. That's right. And of course, next level access to life inside the NFL and in the booth. Just because I retired doesn't mean I'm out of The game. Yeah. I mean the, the old dad shoes suggest otherwise, but those are the I'm out the game shoes right there. Listen To watch New Heights wherever you get your podcasts. And If you want to listen to us first without any interruptions and get bonus content, join one Three Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify.


I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out when my mom, Mrs. Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong. Do I have a booger on my face? Unfortunately not. Thank God. Where did you think this booger resided? Like right here. Okay. I felt like I felt it. Mid gap between lip and nose. Cupid's bow, What is that called? Cupid's Bow Right here. This is your Cupid's bow. Oh, I don't really have one. I see people with a really pronounced Cupid's bow and I'm really envious. Everyone has one. But that But that a varying Sure intensities. Yeah. Yeah. I had a dream last night that I had a booger on my face.


Oh. And so now I feel like it was a premonition. What setting were you in? Was it high stakes? I think it was A date or I had A few. Okay. Okay. I wasn't gonna talk about this, But now you are. I feel bad because it involves a previous guest. But it was a dream. It was a dream. Yeah. Okay. I'll just be very clear. It was a dream. This didn't Happen. This did not Happen in the interview. It did. Okay. It did not happen in real life. But I've been, I guess I've been having a lot of dreams where I am embarrassed by my body, I guess. Okay. So I had A dream. Do you think this was a, a seed set by learning people have OCD about smelling?


Do you think this is where this all jumped off? Oh My, I mean, it's possible because the dream is about that. Okay. The booger not so much, but maybe, maybe it's a snowball effect. Maybe it's a smelly booger too. It is the winter. Yeah. Okay. So I had a dream a while ago that I saw Jake Gyllenhal somewhere. Oh Sure. Oh fun. This is great. And I feel like there was multiple people there, But really most importantly Jake G Yeah, Yeah. Jg, JGs And Jers. We were flirting. Of course. That's what you do. And it was going really well.


Yeah. Yeah. Leading in a good direction. Yeah. It was like, it was frisky and it was banter simmering. And it was, it was electric. About to be turned onto a full boil once you got that bedroom door closed. That's Right. Yes. And I, even my non dream, Monica was like there somewhere and she was excited about the rest of the dream. Okay. Right, right, Right. You know, it's like where I was leading. And so we got to the bedroom. Oh, okay. Wow. And it was so hot. Oh wow. You got all the way to the bedroom in your dream. Yes. Okay. And we were making out, we were undressing. Oh, heavy petting. Yeah.


Okay. Very heavy. Extremely heavy. Okay. Extra heavy petty. Like Too heavy actually. Okay. And then he, oh wow. This is like, really? This is, but it's a dream. This is really bad. But it is a dream. It's just a dream. Don't take this outta context. It's a dream. It's if, if anyone's listening with kids in the car, this is not appropriate Ear most moment. Yeah. It's not appropriate for kids. Okay. He was going down on Me. Okay. He went down there And he made a horrible face. Yeah. Whoa. Wow. Yep. Oh yep. Wow. And Oh wow. And he's so nice. If his face betrayed him, it was really something. 'cause he has a lot of manners. He does. And he was being, and it was so, he was so nice the whole day.


The whole day. Yeah. He was so Effusive, So cute and sweet and lovely. And then he like made this face and I, Can you make the face that he made? It was like, Okay. Yeah. It was pretty Like, get him or No, It was more like, okay. More Of a, Yeah. Okay. I, I said something like, Is everything good? Everything Okay? Everything good. Ignored it. And then like, he kind of tried again and then he, and then he was like, started like getting angry. Oh, he switched about the smell. Okay. Hold on a second though.


Is this post scene, No one's ever Gonna date Anna Hendricks movie? That's a good Question. Because, because Pete Holmes turns, he's like so nice. So nice. So nice turns. Well, do you wanna leave? That's what he says with that look on his face. Maybe. I don't remember the timing of, okay. The Timeline is a little hazy. It's possible. It's possible. Okay. So yeah, he turns and he becomes angry and mean, and I sort of said, you're being mean. Oh, you said that, that they're Vulnerable because I look, I don't feel that I have a smell. Okay. Any Sue. I Mean, I guess people have smells, but I, you know, I was like, maybe I do, maybe I do.


And I just not known this. And obviously no one is telling me and I can't smell myself. So, oh my God. And then that was the dream. Like, did he march? He was just horrible. Did he march out? Did he call you any names? I don't think he called me names. I do think he said like, Ew cleanup. This is disgusting. He didn't, he didn't give any action items. Okay. Action items. But he did. It was horrible. And then I've been scared ever since. Sure. This is a very scarring dream. Traumatic. I'm having a new, it's not like I, this hasn't occurred to me, but right now I'm having a real moment where I'm recognizing what I feel bad for men about is they have this constant anxiety about their erection.


You talk to men and it's, I have had so many friends over the years where like the mental battle going on is like, I couldn't, we were kissing and I didn't get hard. And then, and then in their mind that they can't get hard with this person. And now it's just this like mental battle They're dealing with nonstop. Yes. In your, the equivalent of your hardness, is that the fear that it might smell? It must be really stressful in the way that an erection is stressful. And let's just say mo how do I say this politely? Like, people Smell. Well, just the nature of the apparatus. Like if, if it's gonna have to be intimate with me and involves spreading my butt cheeks and going into my, you know, I would live in deep, deep.


I think it would take me out of dating all together, to be honest. Oh my God. Unless it was like every single time we were intimate, I went into the shower and I scrub, scrub, scrub my bottom hole. If that was like part of the, the repertoire of services I offered. Yeah. I would be, I would've a lot of stress about it. Okay. Listen, the butthole, I'm not comparing that to that, but I am comparing that to, I'm about to compare it. Okay. The butthole slash anus is actually a good, a good cop equivalent because even If you washed it, Right, Let's say The outside, you Washed the outside, but the, what can you do About the inside's? Even say you were extra exploratory and you just even Stuck your finger in a little Bit.


Yeah. You got your finger in there a little bit and clean like the shouldn't the next inch out. Don't do that with your vagina. Okay. I have no advice on the vagina. I think your butt hole's fine to do that. I don't know. When I'm in the shower washing, I'm, I'm not, do you Stick your finger up there? I don't wanna say that out loud, but I'm just, let's just say I don't just stop at like the packaging, the wrapping you, You don't just go like this. No, I attempt to like really clean it. Does It ever make you Poop? No. Not well. Fingers crossed. Knock on wood. Okay. Anyway, but so even If you get a little bit though, you're not really, like If you're, You need to go about six inches up into your colon to ensure that there's nothing going to, If you have feces in your butt, Okay.


Fecal matter. It's still not time to lift your head. Your earmuffs off your child. If you're in the car, let's just Say If you have fecal matter in your anus. Yeah. In Your bottom. Let's say bottom In your bottom. Yeah. Let's keep it clean. Yeah. It'll probably still smell. So it is a good comp because you can clean the outside of your vagina. Although I have heard you're really not supposed to clean it with soap. And So I know I've heard, like all growing up, they were pitching very hard all day long on summer, on daytime television. Summers eve. Yeah. That's a douche. It's got a better name than that. Yeah. Feminine and feminine and wash.


Heno wash, feminine wash. Yeah. Summer's Eve. It was on all the time. This is, it felt like this was a product that was mandatory If you were I know. And I, a woman in The eighties, That's been not to disparage any brands, but that's been debunked. I've heard that that is can be not a good mix for your flora. Exactly. So really you're making it worse. Oh God. My heart goes out at the, it truly does. You are like, fuck, I put boss summers eve. I think I do. I mean, how stressful. I know. So now I'm like stressed and I think I'm gonna take your approach and I'm just not ever gonna date. That's gonna, I don't think again.


I think you need to get a friend To smell it. Yeah. 'cause I think it's in your head. I'm married so I can't offer, but, and so is Rob. Oh. But maybe a close friend. You know, Jess, that would be a great no starting point. 'cause he's not gonna get mixed feelings after he does it. That's Fair. And You look at him as a, well, I don't wanna say brother. 'cause you don't want that. Yeah. Ew. Ew. I just don't know what else to recommend. My hunch is this is in your head, and so I think you need an extra set of eyes on this. IE nose on this. Yeah, but who, most people are probably not gonna pull a jt. Can I say something from that? A dream JG and like make a bad face are gonna lie because of course you're gonna lie.


'cause what to do? I, listen, I was in that situation when I was younger. It would, it would verbal up. And of course I never, I never was like, woo, I shouldn't even done that. Just the, the thought of doing, wait, let's try this. Okay, I'm coming up and I go, oh. And I just do that really quick and Then stop. Also what? Like, this does anything. This is dumb move. Oh, I like that. When people signal something stinks, they double, they double, they double down. They go, they'll pinch their nose, like, ugh. And then they go, Ugh. Like if they really want you to know, it smells, for some reason this isn't sufficient and this wouldn't be sufficient.


You gotta go. Oh, don't, don't go by that porta potty. Oh fuck. I'm really heartbroken for anyone out there that's just panicked about it because I'm sure, I'm sure in your mind it's something that's not, but I wanted say this from the outside. Yeah. I wanna know follow up Question. I, I never smelt bo on you. That sounds like a, seems like a good starter. And I don't, I've never smelled bad breath on you. Thank you. So I, I'm, I'm inclined to think this is all in your ad. I don't know if it's the same. Here's a new item. Shark tank. Okay. It's like a, a stick, like a chemical stick.


And you wave it and then it impartially and objectively just says whether there's a, it can detect whether there's a, here's the smell on some, on some, on some scale. Okay. Now what if it's just, it smells bad. Well then I think we go to the, the G. The GYN. You never say GYN ob. GYNI wanted to drop the ob. You don't need an obstetrician in this situation. Correct. So you go to the GYN the Gyno. Yeah. Then I think you go to the gyno and you go, I think I need help down there. What, what can, what can be done? What does science really have to offer us? Would that be too, that shouldn't be too embarrassing with a gynecologist.


That's gotta be what they're, It's not too embarrassing, but I just don't think there's much to do. There's some like, there's like foods you can eat that help I think like temporarily. But I don't know. And I'm just of the opinion that you, you get the smells, you get, like, like you said, we get don't get upset, get getting, you do get upset. Because as you said, some people have stronger bo then. And of course that has, you know, there's deodorant and there's stuff, I have No business guessing this, but I just don't think you ha you're having This Issue. I think this is all from a dream. But We you've had some lovers. Have you detected any of them? No. Okay. But I, but they're not dream jg. Like this was, This was high stakes.


High stakes and the World. Well, not that it was high stakes. It was, it was my, I think it was my brain telling me, No is your brain te Well telling you you're scared of that. Right? That's just one more thing you think of that could be a disaster. I Have a follow-up question. Yeah. And sorry if this puts you in, gets you in trouble. Right. I might elect to not answer it Okay. With that setup. But go ahead. Will, I'm gonna ask you to speak on behalf of most men. Okay. I rarely do this. Well, I love doing that as you know, I rarely do this. I rarely give you permission for this. Do you think it's a deterrent for real? Or do you think people like, look, think about all the people in this world who are married.


Yeah. Or just in relationships. In relationships. But I'm saying Mary, like you're in it, you're not getting out. Right. Right. And I you want it for good. Have to imagine that there's a varying degree of odor Absolutely. Among all the people. Yeah. So some people are with odor vulvas, right. And vaginas. Sure, sure. And uterus. Yeah. Yeah. I think the fallopian are odorless. Were you gonna go as far as fallopian? No. Everyone knows those don't have a smell. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I mean, people are obviously either fine with it or they don't smell it, or they're just like, fuck it, I don't care. You get used to it. Like, what is It?


Okay, so let's start with something that's very interesting I think is we know people with terrible breath. Right? And they have partners that don't seem to care at all. Yeah. So I think there can be like, I don't think it's as objective as you smell across the board to everybody. Right. Because I think I see people that are in partnerships and the people smell and they don't seem to care or know. And I don't think they smell it because they would address it. Like if Kristen reeked like bo, everywhere we went. I go, babe, when people hug you, they, their shirts smell like your armpits afterwards. Okay. But what about when you enter the relationship? Forget now you're married. So yeah. You're like, baby, we gotta do this.


But what about when you enter, is it a deterrent? Like if she stunk not just her vagina, let's just say she stunk. Yeah. I mean, how far down the road would you get? I don't know. Right. That's hard to say. Like, you're asking me the moment we got married. Well I'm, I'm in pretty deep at that point already. I love her and we own a home Together. And the moment you get married when you met Her, but would we have gotten to that point if she sta Exactly. I would love to say I am a good enough person, but I don't think so. I know I would way rather, I'm more sensitive to sn to snows to smells than I am visual. Yeah, me too too. Like I would be way better off with someone that you would think is unattractive but smell great.


Same. Yeah. That's why it's a legit fear because it's powerful. Smells are very powerful. But again, some people don't care about smells. I'll be somewhere and it stinks. And I'm like, is everyone, and a lot of people are like, no, I don't smell. It smells like a fucking sewer main broke. No. So, I don't know, whatever your, your DNA is. Yeah. It's phm. It's also pheromones. Yes. So I guess it's, wow. It's really to each, to each his own. I guess it just wasn't the right, it wasn't the right match with dream jg. I, I think men are appreciative enough to be down there too, that they'll overlook. That's what I was sort of wondering. I think pretty bad for it to be an issue.


Great distinction. That's What I was Asking because I think a lot of people might think, oh, just smell of like sweat and I don't know what we'd even call it is bad. No. There's smells down there that are very appealing to us. Right. So there's a whole suite of smells that are still positive. Okay. You know What I'm saying? But they're still pungent. Well, no, like you've even said this like when you've smelled a hot guy's just slight beo. Yeah. I like it. You like it. Well It it's very specific. Yeah. There's just like, there's a, there's a spectrum of it that you find, you notice, oh, that's got a smell, but also you don't mind it.


You like it. And the association with you're about to get vagina. Yeah. I think that's a great point, Rob. So thank You Rob. That is what I was asking. And I also think some guys are, they want it bad enough that they could definitely deal with it because they want the ultimate thing bad enough. And that's where I'm asking you to speak on most men. But someone has all the options in the World. Like Jake, like j jurors probably the bar goes up a little bit. No. If I'm just being totally honest and guessing. Should We call, should we, should We call, Should we call him and ask JJs hypothetical? Oh my gosh. Okay.


Well, in the nons spirit realm, in the non dream world, I went motorcycle riding on Friday with Danny, Rick, Danny Ricardo, And this radical dude Adam, who is a motocross racer. Like, you know, a real, I don't know. I want you to understand, I'm never gonna understand. Well, it's like me playing pickup basketball with Michael Jordan. Yeah. That's cool. Right? Like this guy is But Is it cool because it's like fun but very Not for him warming. Yeah. Okay. So it was, it was Adam, it was Ricardo, the, you know, I think the standard age was 30, 33.


And then a couple great blokes from Australia that Danny had in town. And you know, Aussies are nuts. They're young and wild. And we met at RA flats in the mountains and I was on a brand new motorcycle, KX KLX 300. I love it. So comfy dual sport. I know. I'm losing you. And we rode for five straight hours up and up a mountain trail. Down mountain trail, up a mountain trail. And I gotta tell you, tell I, I succeeded. I wasn't ever vocally complaining, but I, it did cross my mind. When are we Gonna be done? Not done. Just we've made, we've probably reached a point where we probably can't ride for five hours with 30 year olds.


Oh wow. Like, oh wow. Okay. We're really here where I did it. Right. I didn't crash. Yeah. Good. Also, you should know dirt bikes is my worst domain. Yeah. Out of all things you put gas in. That's the thing I'm the least good at. So I was working my ass off. Yeah. Out there. And it is the, there was a moment where there was this huge, huge super duper steep hill climb, which I will add. There were seven of us riding. Five of us didn't make it to, so it, it not, it wasn't me per se, almost to the top. And I'm like, I'm now in first gear and it's fish channel and I'm losing traction and I'm trying to keep it going to get to the top of the hill. And all of a sudden I just catch the front wheel and go over this berm.


Yeah. So now I'm off to the side of the mountain and now I'm off the bike, so I don't tumble. And the bike's now kind of laying sideways and I'm still in this crazy steep hill. Ooh. And I've gotta, now, now this berms in between the front tire and the back. So I've gotta get it off of the berm, back out onto the super duper steep trail, then let the clutch out and start walking next to it and ride it up from the side. All that to say that was like a four minute battle with the motorcycle to as to not lose my footing, fall backwards down this hill. Not drop the bike, all this stuff. I finally got up to the top of the hill. I got on my motorcycle and thank God I was first.


So I had a while while the rest of 'em tried to climb this hill. And I just leaned over my handlebars and I think my heart rate was like, it had to be 180 5. What I realized is this is the highest my heart rate has been in a decade. And then we had another three hours of riding to do What is a berm? It's like there's dirt, but then the dirt, because everyone's riding, it's kicking the dirt to the side. So the, it just naturally gets dish shaped. So it's dish shaped and then on. So that's a berm. It's like raised like 12 inches of dirt Oh, okay. From where the trail is. And then there's a bunch of tall grass growing on top of that. So whatever the fuck that adds to it. It's a little baby hill. It's a little baby hill on the side of the very steep hill.


Okay. So, So why is that the question? No. Yeah. I mean, I you the people look, this is great, great, great details. Okay. But I really, I think the, the question is, how do you feel about the fact that you are done writing with 30 year olds? I don't know that I'm done. Okay. Well, oh, okay. But you're cons. It made you think about your age. It was a mixed bag. Here's what it was. It was like, wow, I pulled that off, but kind of by the skin of my teeth. Yeah. When am I gonna, what, here's what the thought was. I'm gonna be out here soon and I'm not gonna be able to pull it off. That was what it was. And it wasn't like, I'm not going to, or I don't think I could next time it was just like, oh wow.


We, we, we hit the limit of our endurance. Yeah. On something that we're just okay at. You might be on the other side of the berm. Oh, really Nice metaphor. Thank you. But Danny, Rick, update on him as a human being. Wait, how Do you feel? Oh, What part About aging? Oh, That's the question. Like, that's a kind of existential thought. I don't Feel good or bad about it. I just feel like I knew I needed to do some analysis and recognize that we're probably nearing the end of me being able to do that. Yeah. And, And that might be fine. Okay. Because what happens nicely that parallels it perfectly is like, it gets less enjoyable 'cause it's so hard.


Yes, that's true. So it's not like I feel like I'll be giving something up. That's true. Now. And, and again, I'm talking about, I'm giving up potentially a five hour ride in the mountains. I still could go ride for a few hours. Or it's not that I have to give it up. There's just a zone where it's probably gonna get less enjoyable as I get older at a certain level. And I'm recognizing I've, I might've crescendoed this whole thing. That's a good way of looking at it. Like not just you camp, But that you don't really want to as much Anymore. Not not the version where we're out all day long. Yeah. And This is a ding, ding, ding. 'cause this is for Morgan and he had to stop sailing That. I hated That. That was heartbreaking. But also I was very grateful because if I go past my limit out there, it sucks.


I have to ride really slowly back to camp and take a long time. If you meet the end of your talents out in a sailboat, I don't know what happens then. Like if you're mid storm and you gotta fight and you no longer have the capacity. That to me sounds very deadly. Yeah. So I was heartbroken. 'cause I, you can tell how much he loves sailing. I know. Sailing ding ding ding. I love the Ted Turner dock. A lot of sailing in that These people are d they're different from Me. Yeah. From me too. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare


Imagine this. You help your little brother land a great job abroad. But when he arrives, the job doesn't exist. Instead, he's trapped in a heavily guarded compound, forced to sit at a computer and scam innocent victims all while armed guards stand by with shoot to kill orders. Scam factory. The explosive new true crime podcast from Wondery exposes a multi-billion dollar criminal empire operating in plain sight told through one family's harrowing account of sleepless nights, desperate phone calls and dangerous rescue attempts. Scam Factory reveals a brutal truth. The only way out is to scam their way out. Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.


Couple quick updates for me. Okay. I had man's giving And it was a real success. It was a great success. You almost gave up on making the squash. No, on the green beans. The green beans. The squash was a hit. Sorry. The squash was hit that it really, everything was a hit. I was going to make, you know, it's a, it's a big undertaking. Yeah, it really is. And it starts the day before the night bef the day before you have to make the stock. And that takes three to four hours. Wow. And then you also make, I made the cranberry sauce the night before you, I made you brine the Turkey.


Yeah. Yeah. This is an extraordinary amount of work. Yeah. That's For one little mouse in her little tiny kitchen. I know the kitchen. Oh boy. We talked earlier that Allison Roman, I was worried she wasn't gonna do Thanksgiving this year because she's pregnant. But she did do it, which was very exciting. Oh God. And she shows in the video, her Turkey has a bag of giblets on one side and a bag on the other. Double giblets. I don't like Likes it one giblets. No one. No. It's in a bag. But I know it's disgusting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I don't know why. Why we would need a double dose of the Gibs. Well, exactly. So, okay. So she was like, make sure you gotta go get 'em. Get 'em. Because she said one year she accidentally cooked with them and ew.


That's disgusting. Okay. So I I one was very easy half already kind of sticking out, pulled that out. Then I am looking for the other bag and I can't Find it. So you're saying there's two bags of giblets in a Turkey. I thought there was only one bag. Well, exactly. So on her videos, there were two bags. Have you been listening? Yes. Or are you doing the thing that I did with the Motorcycles? No, I thought she got an auxiliary bag of giblets from the butcher. Oh, Gross. No, I thought one, there was one bag of giblets per Turkey. Why would there be two? Why don't they put it in one bag? Exactly. You see all the reasons why it didn't make sense to me. There's two bags of GT and A Turkey.


Well this, that's what my whole thought process was, is Oh my God. There's two, there's one on both ends. Weird. And they have to be removed. So I took the one out that was like very obvious. And then I'm looking in the other side and I can't find it. But it's also like, feels like it's a little frozen. So I'm just like shoving my hand up this Turkey. Yeah. All the way up. Oh My God. And moving my little fingers around. Yeah. Looking for this bag. And I'm convinced that it's frozen up in there. Sure. Can't find it. Oh, okay. Anywhere. All right. So I'm panicking. Do you Google at any point, do turkeys have two bags of giblets?


No. Okay. So I am doing that. And also you have to like pull out this plastic thing in there. That's really hard. It's a whole, They're packing this Turkey full of plastics. There's A plastic thing inside that you pull out it with the legs. Anyway. So I was like, okay, I can't get this bag out now. Probably 'cause it's frozen. So by tomorrow it'll be unthought. And I like, it'll be completely unthought and I'll be able to get it out. So I burn the Turkey. It just be thought. Right? Well it was unthought already. Oh. But I was thinking maybe, maybe it wasn't. Wait, Doesn't unth mean frozen? Oh sorry. It was thaw. You're right. Okay. It was thaw already, but I thought maybe there was still some parts that were unth inside.


Okay. And that was causing the issue. Whatever I Brian it, put it in the refrigerator. Get another round of fisting. Yeah, I did. Okay. Did a full fist. Then the next day when I took it out, I did it again. Did big good hand all the way in. Squish, squish, squish. Pull, pull, pull. Nothing. No gits not there. I panicked. So then I do text Allison and I and I asked Do does every Turkey have two bags or is it just one? I'm panicking that it's in there and I can't find it. Yeah. She said no, not all of them do. Phew. I don't know why any of them do.


Well hers did also. This is like TSC. T-C-S-B-T-S-T-S-S-T-S-S. It is ts ist. TS is toxic Shock Syndrome. That's right. Everyone's say it loud, but Yeah, It is. It's so scary. I know. You gotta get those GTS out. Why are they in there? Fuck. I need a Turkey grower. Explain why you need to include That. Yeah. Why? I agree. Maybe something, But you have to pull it out. Why? Some People probably use them for Stuff. Oh. I mean there's some good dish people make with the gits. So anyway, that next day, you know I have to make the Turkey, I make the stuffing, I make the squash. Guan, what Are we doing for brown?


And serve biscuits. Any brown And serve Rolls. That's no rolls. That's the part you're gonna hang. I think it's my favorite now. I can't even eat 'em 'cause they're gluten. But I think that was always my favorite part of Thanksgiving dinner is those brown and serve rolls. What's brown and serve? I've never had this. I think they're already maybe a bit baked. And then you Okay. Then they brown and then you serve them. Oh. And you serve 'em hot. And then when you put the butter on, it just melts. Okay. So soft. I didn't make that. That's not part, they're Kinda like Hawaiian sweet roll. Oh, I see. Oh, I think I know what you mean. Yeah. Okay. So the squasher gatan, the stuffing, the, there was a kale salad with this.


These honeyed Walnuts. I had to make the gravy. My god, I think I'm forgetting something. Oh, potatoes. Oh, mashed potatoes. Green beans with like sour cream and chives. And there it's okay. I start cooking at 11 and people come at six. Right. And I'm, I, it's the whole time Never stopped seven hours. Yes. But as we're heading towards the end, I think I cannot make these green beads. It was the last thing I had to do. And I was like, I'm not doing it. I, but then I looked in the mirror and I hated my face. Okay. It was the face of a failure. A Quitter. A quitter. Someone who cuts corners. Yeah.


And someone Only looks for one bag of giblets. I said, that's not me. That's not gonna be me. So I made it and it was basically a homemade green bean casserole. You make it with green beans, mushrooms, you make your own ru. And it was everyone's favorite. Thank goodness. Thank God you Almost cut. Cut that corner. It saved the whole meal. And I think the lesson is you gotta burn out. Yeah. You gotta push yourself until you wanna die. Kind Of like my motorcycle ride. And then you have the pride of having sought through. Yeah. It's a funny endeavor. Right. 'cause for seven hours you're probably pretty miserable. I know Also that someone can eat it and say, you did a good job.


And you go, okay. It was worth it. I did a good job, by the way. I'm the same way. Yeah. I'm not throwing stones in the glass house. It was, yeah. And it was so hot in my, I was sweating for seven hours. 'cause it was so hot in my kitchen. 'cause the oven. Yeah. Whew. Ooh baby. Yeah. Anyway, but it went, it went great. It was super fun. Loved it. Marymount Fellowship. Yes. And did you guys give thanks? We Gave thanks. Oh good. It was, it was a great night. Oh, I wanna make this clear. This is important for to like eight people who are listening. Yeah. Are friends. I think it might seem to the pod, like I am neglecting the pod that I'm rude because I'm not, not including them.


I don't think that's what Anyone thinks. Well in case they're worried about that. The reason it's done like this one is I can only host maximum eight people in that kitchen. Right. Next year. Who knows? But I can only, I, I have a limit. And we already do Thanksgiving together. That's Right. It would be two Thanksgivings. It would be two of the exact same thing. Yes. So I do it with people even worse. One would be homemade, one would be catered, and then people would inevitably, vocally vote what? Who did it better? And now you're, someone's a loser Now making you want, I bet you do you a little competitive mouse. Yeah. Rat. That's your rat side. Your fucking rat.


Next year we're gonna do it. No, I don't think that's a good why. No situation where one of the two teams is losing when both people have been very generous. No, the Other team, the cater team is, That would be our loss. Yeah. But not really sure why. If everyone voted and the shepherd's Thanksgiving dinner wasn't as good as the padman, well If it's not as good because no one made it. No one made it. Right. It's not like, But in my defense, we have 22 guests. Now You're taking it as an insult. But I'm telling you there was, Well I think, yeah, it would be if the verdict was, we liked Monica's better and we had just fed 22 people.


Well in this case, I would be feeding the same amount of people. Great. It would be the same group. Great. So if we fed 22 people and then they said, Hey, we liked Monica's better, I would feel like, well then fuck you. You don't eat it next year. What? Yeah. Really? Yeah. You had to declare that you liked Monica's better. Well That's weird because if I ordered sushi for everyone. Yeah. And then like the next week we went to someone like a sushi chef's house. And then I go, I can cook it better and I'm gonna cook sushi. And then I want everyone to vote whether they liked Monica's sushi Restaurant. First of you made it about voting. No. Yeah, you did.


We both did. Well, I said I will be, You said you wanna do that next year. I will be competitive if that happens. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And I said it's not a good idea 'cause someone loses, someone will be voted as the worst meal. And I feel like that's a weird thank you for hosting 22 people to be declared the worst of the two meals. Yeah, that's true. That is. I mean, I, I hear you. I just can't ever, like, anytime I order anything ever, I don't expect it to be as good as someone who made something. Oh, I do. When I order spicy tuna, crispy rice from Katsuya, I damn well think it's better than any version I'm gonna make in my kitchen. Not You, someone who is a, a sushi chef.


Someone who has the full recipe. That's not like someone who doesn't really, or sushi chefs doesn't really know what to do. Or is like I, it's a little different. It's not like I'm making a pizza and we're ordering from Lucifers. Like Yeah. I don't know how to make that, but I'm like following a really fancy real recipe. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's like I've also now been making for a couple years. Yeah. I can understand why you would want to be told your homemade meal was better than the store-bought one. I understand that fully. Do you understand that I, how I would feel if I hosted 22 people and paid for and catered a meal and then they told me it wasn't as good as this other one they had.


Well, yeah. Can you imagine how that I would feel in that situation? I think anyone needs To say anything. I just, okay. Let's say that I order Use. Okay. I order for 22 people. Yeah. I throw a big dinner party. Yep. And I order, And then I make spaghetti one night later. Yes. I order spaghetti for little Doms. I Don't, I don't want anyone at the table to say I like this better than the Neil Monica bought us. I Don't sure. We don't have to. No one has to say it. But don't you think it is Nowhere think In your heart that people should and would like your homemade spaghetti more than my purchased spaghetti from Little Dom's. A great spaghetti. I don't know. I think If you brought in the bolognese from Chateau Marmal, I think it would probably be split.


And I would expect that. That's weird. I would never expect anyone to prefer That that chat, that Chateau is a good, that's a nice pese. It's a fantastic, I make a nice Poise. Fantastic. But it's not the same as when someone makes something. Yeah. But I think your flavor, like whatever your flavor profiles are, one might taste better. Okay. To me, the, it would be re the, the way it's really bad is if I made Thanksgiving and then you made Thanksgiving, then a hundred percent, no one could ever, that's really horrible to say. One is better than the other. That's like your effort and work. It's like saying someone's writing is better than someone else's.


Now look, we'll see if next year you are able to prepare a meal for 22 people. Maybe you will. Mm. But I think at a certain point, if we were inviting 10 people Sure. Make it at the point where we're at 22 people. I'm not asking you to make anything. No, I, I don't think you Are. You feel like you're making it bad. Like you're like defensive that you're catering it. No, I'm not defensive. I'm saying I don't think we could make a Thanksgiving meal for 22 people. Yeah. It seems Hard. That's what I'm saying. It's very hard. So, because I don't think we can make enough food for 22 people. Sure. Unless it's all we did this week. Right. Which, Which is not what we're Gonna do.


Well it would've to be potluck. Great. If it was potluck, then that's a whole different thing. But if I, if we're making, I don't think we can make food for 22 people. Yeah. That's too much. So yeah, I would just, I would not need to know if they thought it was worse than another meal They had. I, that's, that makes, that makes sense. Anyway. Well it was hypothetical and almost it was real, Right? Yeah. And it was just hypothetical. I know. But anyway, the reason the pod is not invited is because, so yeah. Is because we already do Thanksgiving together and it's a beautiful, wonderful thing. And I don't need to, we don't need to have Thanksgiving and then the next week have Thanksgiving again.


Right. And so I have it with friends who I don't have Thanksgiving with. Yeah. No, I don't think anybody's hurt, Just in case. Okay. Were you mad, Rob? No. Okay. No. But would you have liked to have tried it? Yeah, I would like to try it. Yeah. Food I under. I appreciate that. The sweetest point America. So weird. One part's rascal, one part's Sweetest Point America. Okay. Another real, just super, super quick gift guides went up. So this will come out Monday? Yeah. Three days after, four days after Thanksgiving. Okay. So they were up last week on my Instagram. Yeah. And people want to go look at my gift guides.


They're on my Instagram also. They're on, I I made a substack for it so that I could write a little more. Yeah. So what's on my Instagram is an abridged version. Go to A link tree to Get to the, you can go the link tree in my bio and you'll, you can go click on it. And If you, if If you feel like you wanna read a little more, you can do that. Yeah. And there are links to the items there. Wonderful. Okay. Now a couple facts really quick from Morgan. So the old, the riddle about where did they bury the survivors? So the brain teaser is if a plane crashed on the border of country A and country B, where would you bury the survivors?


The answer is You don't bury survivors. But I was the one who referenced this riddle. Right? Yeah. You are. So, I I I knew this old one. Yeah. Yeah. You knew it. Okay. The South African woman who sailed around the World in the documentary CBS documentary called The Loneliest Race, it features Kristen Schafer, a South African sailor who became the first woman to win the Golden Globe race. And you said it was harrowing? It was harrowing. And there was another competitor that got stranded in the middle of the Indian Ocean or something. She had to turn her boat around and sail for days to go rescue this person. And then when she came into the harbor a year later or something like that, not 10 months, a year, the second place was like some hours behind her.


It's wild. And that seems impossible. Yeah. The doldrums he said are 10 degrees north and south of the equator. Yeah. And they're five Sesame Street. Started November 10th, 1969. Okay. For six years before I was born. And, And on my brother's birthday. Wait, what month? November. Okay. Three days before baby David, Robert Shepherd Jr. Arrived. Yes. And then Sesame Street was October 25th, 1971. It's very weird to think that it existed before I did. 'cause it was so in my childhood. Wait, sorry, wait.


No. Sesame Street started in 1969. The electric company started in 1971. Electric company, which he was on, which was much funkier. Yeah. Why is Othello so hard to perform? Hmm. According to ai, it's considered a challenging play to perform primarily because of its complex characters. Particularly the nuanced portrayal of iagos, manipulative nature. The delicate balance of othello's, trusting nature that quickly turns to destructive jealousy and the sensitive issue of race that can be difficult to navigate on stage. Requiring careful interpretation to avoid stereotypes. Hmm. Avoid stereotypes. It's new. That's a new, that's new Answer.


Weird. That's weird. What? What? That's weird. I, it's learning. I'm so grateful. Real time. It's learning. I'm so grateful and lucky to spend so much time with someone who's so different than me. It's so fun. What it is. What that funny, it'd be so, so boring If you and I were the same. I agree. But why is that funny? Because you're like really suspicious. What the heck's going on? This is a different answer. My Now my guess is you could ask AI and you'll always get a slightly different answer because it est It. That's crazy to me. Yeah. That's not weird to you that it's like updating that quickly.


No, I think if on the same day you did it, it would be a different thing. Well that's bad than, Yeah, but it just added more. It had a little letters. No, the other one used to talked about Des Dimona. Oh, this doesn't even reference her. Oh. 'cause Trump, Like Rob, will you right now type in the same exact question into the, what's the exact question? Google ai. Why is Othello so hard to perform? Let's see if Rob reads the exact same one you have or if it's completely different. It's Complex themes around race, jealousy and manipulation, which require nuanced acting and careful direction to navigate without perpetuating harmful stereotypes alongside the demanding role of Othello himself.


Is that word for word? No, it's not. But it's similar. Similar. Yeah. Weird. Is it Taking in the searcher? Well, it thinks each time, like each time it performs the task of scouring the internet and coming up with a thing. Right. And so it's somewhat random and Then there's no real correct answer. But nor is Yes. Agreed. I mean, this Isn't a factual question, but Nor is there in on straight Google search, which is like, you might come up with one article that has an opinion on it and then there's another article that's got another reason why it's so, there's no unified theory in all the results and things written about it.


Yes. But then you can look through a button. You, you do have a lot of options. This is just like deciding. Yep. Yeah, it is. But I'm just saying it's not less consistent. It's probably more consistent in a way because you're, If you just get search results, you're gonna get 10 different explanations on why FL is hard to perform through these different links. The AI version gave you guys pretty darn close to the same answer Today. But last time it talked about Des Dimona. Yeah. It added that they Got rid of her because Handmaid's tale, Wait, we're scrubbing people from history. Is that it? We're moving like women are getting Erased.


Erased. Oh my God. Okay. Fibromyalgia. Neuralgia. He has neuralgia. It's a sharp, shocking pain that occurs when a nerve is damaged or irritated. It can feel like burning or sensitivity to touch and can cause muscle spasms. Neuralgia can be acute, short term or chronic. Ongoing. Hmm. I don't want neuralgia. Me either. Although maybe that's what I have right here. I can touch it immediately. Now I know exactly where the nerve is. Okay. Okay. That sounds yucky. Okay. Are you gonna get it checked out? I don't know. Maybe Don't complain about it until you get it checked out. Okay. I'd like you to get it checked out. Alright. That's it from Morgie. Don't complain about until you get checked.


I don't know if I was complaining. I just said, Well, I'm just telling you that That's off the table. Yeah. I'm never allowed to complain about anything until after I've had It checked out. Yes. Actually that's a good rule. No, you Can, you haven't had your vagina checked up from your nightmare, but I'm willing to walk down that road with you. I'm not complaining. I'm expressing a fear. Oh, okay. That's different. Also, you can complain twice. That's the new, that's house rule. The limit. But if it's a like a body thing, you can complain a couple times. Okay. But then you gotta get it checked out if it still hurts, I, I abide by that. Okay. That makes sense. Like either fix it or shut up about it. Yeah.


That's it. Earmark that for, I want to earmark for the next fact check. Okay. Walking down the hill, hiking from the Turkey trot and Delta calling me being one step ahead, ahead of me emotionally calling me out and forcing me to walk through what really happened. And I was like, oh my God, we're here. She's nine and she's now doing for me what I have been doing for her and her whole Child up. Now you have to kind of say it quickly. Can you say it really quick? Okay. Top of the hill coming down, she's cold, she's complaining about being cold, she's complaining about being really hungry. And then like 40 minutes later, I, she's saying I had now ordered macaroni and cheese.


Told Kristen to start making it by the time we got home. So there'd be macaroni cheese. And then I say like, she says, are you going to eat? What are you going to eat when we get home? And I go, oh my God, anything. I'm starving. She goes, you're starving too. And I go, yeah. And she goes, why didn't you say anything about it? And I go, well, I didn't want to complain about it. And she immediately goes, are you saying that to let me know that you don't like that? I complained about it. And I go, oh, am I doing that? Maybe to some on some degree. Yeah. I didn't feel like I was doing it, but yeah, maybe. And she goes, well, I don't, I don't understand why I should feel bad sharing how I feel.


And I go, yeah, that's totally true. I said, but I guess I am always thinking in life, would I want to be next to someone that's complaining the whole time? I just try to act in a way that is what I would want other people to act. So I think about, do I want to take a hike with someone and listen to them complain for an hour and a half? I don't want to, so I just don't do that. 'cause I'm assuming no one else would want that. And she goes, well, I would want to always be my full self around everybody and if someone doesn't want to be around me, 'cause I'm being my full self, that's fine. But I don't think I should not be my full self. And I go, that's right. Yeah. That's a really legitimate point of view. I think there's a lot of merit to that.


And then we're walking and I'm just not feeling great about it. And I go, I know what's going on. Delta. What really happens is when you complain about being hungry, I want to fix it. I can't, we're on top of a hill and I can't make it go away for you. And now I'm uncomfortable 'cause I can't solve a problem for someone I love. Yeah. And so really it's just my problem. I want to be able to fix it. And she goes, daddy, I'm not saying any of this so you can fix it. I'm just saying it so you know what I'm going through. Yeah. I was like, Jesus Christ. But she had to unravel that whole thing for me. Yeah. I just said, I didn't complain about it and without any real awareness, I was being passive aggressive.


Yeah. And she's just like, she's not taking that. She's like, what? What was that? Is that, does that mean when I think it might be, oh, I love her so much. Such a girl. And I just realized like, oh wow. She, girl, my mom talks about this. She's like, you know, I knew at this given age you are smarter than me. Which is a weird position for a parent and child to be in. Yeah. And I've heard her say that to me and never thought that that in my own arrogance, I'm not like, well, I don't think they're gonna fly by me. And fucking a, yeah. I think she flew by me at nine years old. She did on this hike. She's indomitable. God, I love her. Me too. All right. That was my, I don't need ear market now. That was great.


All right. Okay, you, you follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Have you ever gotten a message out of the blue? Maybe you ignore them or Maybe you end up in conversation. Maybe they tell you about an amazing offer. I can really show you how to make some money and maybe that gets you into a lot of trouble. But this isn't a story about people like you, the people receiving these messages. This is a story about the people behind the messages on the other end of the line. Thousands of them working in a micro city built for scammers from Wondery. The makers of Doctor Death and Kill List comes Scam Factory, a new series about survival at the expense of others. Follow Scam Factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.