
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by Monica Padman. Hi. Hi. We have our first, I think, statistician on today. You think, Ooh, is it our first? That's A big swing. Nate Silver is the Point. He's a statistician and a bestselling author. Everyone would know Nate Silver around election time. He's all of his computations end up as headlines all the time. He had an incredible track record for a while.


There were a couple deviations Yeah, that we'll learn of. But his books include The Signal and the Noise and he has a new book out that I happen to just read on my own. Couldn't stop talking about. We invited him in. He blessed us with his presence. It's called On the Edge, the Art of Risking Everything. And also you can go to his substack at Silver Bulletin, which is where he's doing all of his work now. And that's a fun play on words. Silver bulletin, silver Bulletin. No problem for you. You hit that like a silver bullet, please enjoy Nate Silver.


We are supported by the second season of the Hit Apple TV plus comedy series Shrinking, which critics are handling as one of the best new comedies on tv an A FI television program of the year. This highly loaded comedy is both hilarious and poignant. The Stellar Ensemble has been nominated by the Screen Actor's Guild as an outstanding comedy ensemble starring Jason Siegel, Jessica Williams, and o. Not to mention the legendary Harrison Ford. Also nominated for a SAG award for outstanding comedy actor Shrinking follows a grieving therapist who ditches the therapy rule book to dish out unorthodox advice to his clients What could possibly go wrong. Shrinking is now streaming on Apple TV Plus. And you can learn more@appletvplus.com.


We are supported by Mint Mobile. It's time to leave your overpriced wireless plans. Jaw dropping monthly bills and unexpected overages. Get huge savings with Mint Mobile. They're offering any three month plan for only 15 bucks a month. Even their unlimited plan. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and texts delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. You can even bring your current phone and number ditch Overpriced Wireless with Mint Mobile. It's so easy. Sign up online and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. If you like your money, mint mobile is for you. Shop plans@mintmobile.com slash dax. That's mint mobile.com/dax. Keep your money where you can see it and stop overpaying for wireless upfront payment of $45 for three months. Five gigabyte plan required equivalent to $15 a month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees. Extra cement mobile for details.


He, While you were in, did you say soul? Yeah. How's that? Soul's great. They have these cool bars and restaurants and art galleries gets very vibrant. I really wanna go. And the great skincare. Oh, I know they have snail serums and That's all that's made its way to America. Okay. They have salmon, sperm. Ooh salmon, sperm. Sign Me off. You get injected, then you look 14. You could really end up pregnant with all this skincare.


You're good. It's dangerous. So Nate, I wanna start by saying happy birthday. Oh my gosh. To you. Thank you. Happy birthday. Yeah, you're here on your birthday. This is a very Capricorn thing to do. You kind of have a lot of shit packed together. You have the holidays already. It feels a little greedy to have your birthday Self-indulgence. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna have a birthday so soon after the holidays, But mine's the second so I'd argue mine just 11 days worse than yours. Yay. Because it's right on the heels of all that. That's probably bad. And are you in general someone who has no desire to celebrate your birthday? I come from a mixed family where my dad's side's very anti celebration. My mom's side's very pro celebration. Okay. Like I'm kind of balancing out the recessive traits. You're right. Smack in the middle.


Well, as I was learning a little bit more about your background, I was like, we have a lot in common here. 'cause I'm from Milford. Oh cool. Which is what, 25 miles is. The crow flies from East Lansing. And your dad taught at MSU or still does? He retired a couple years ago, but yeah, I taught at MSU. So like a university kid, it's a good place to grow up. I found that I have like a unconscious hiring bias toward Midwesterners. They're just grounded. Well again, you want 'em somewhere on the spectrum where they're not constantly bitching about someone who tried to get one over on them. Yeah. You know we do have a big chip on her shoulder about feeling less than, so you want just the right amount of lessons. So they work their ass off but not the kind that bitches all day. No, and you can detect, I was at the airport in Dallas one time, like that person sounds really familiar and they're from East Lansing.


I didn't know who they are. They like a certain manner of speaking. You know those micro dialect things? Yeah, yeah. You have a little bit of that. So you kind of discovered that you love math in a very appropriate time. So I only know the members of a single baseball team that ever existed and it's the 84 Roar. The Detroit Tigers. Yeah, yeah. Alan Tram. I know his name. Wi Parish. Yeah. No, the whole gang. You were six-ish when that happened. I Was six years old and I liked numbers, but I don't think I've ever thought I could become a baseball player. I was like never that delusional. Right, right, right, Right. In fifth grade we had to write these biographies of what our feature life would look like. Basically. I had myself becoming president at some point. Oh wow. Of America. I retired the presidency to become baseball commissioner. 'cause that was the higher office.


To me, your Work was to guide America to a better place and then you would indulge your real passion in your retirement. The important Stuff, The starter job, the presidency. Weirdly, that trajectory kind of makes sense. I was also watching the Aaron Rogers documentary recently. I don't know if you've caught that. I haven't seen it yet. But he too is talking about he would play this weird board game and it was all about stats and you would roll these dice. It's Patic. That's what It was called. Yeah. And so I think a lot of you inadvertently just practicing math nonstop without even realizing you were doing it. I Collected baseball cards. It was like a baseball card bubble. Your net worth is now 5,000 bucks. It like an eight year old's like a lot of money, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. It's like the NFTs of the late eighties. All Collectibles.


Ultimately Beanie Babies. Monica has one that she believed at one point was worth. Yeah, Liberte. It's here Somewhere. It's covered in shit though. So we think it's degraded. It's, we started in my parents' basement and it is disgusting now, but I do think it was $72,000 or something like that. I still think that, So you're super into baseball, you're crushing numbers as a hobby. You are also gay. When do you know you're gay? 'cause I know the vibe in Michigan in the eighties and I know that I was living every minute of every day on the playground trying to avoid being called. Yeah, yeah. That was the number one go-to way to emasculate. I'm Exactly old enough. It's turned 47 just three years later would've been pretty different.


The experience of going through school. You say something that I relate to for different reasons, but there's some value to feeling like an outsider from the get. If you look now at gay men of my cohort, they're often quite successful. Right? Yeah, yeah. Best boy syndrome. Yeah. But 'cause They have like a little bit of what it feels like to be an outsider if you're otherwise privileged, but you got a couple things, right? You're gay and you're half Jewish. Just got a little bit of the flavor of Adversity. Adversity, but also the ability to code switch I guess is the term. Assimilate have a secret, have a perspective. You're Not necessarily volunteering your entire self at all time. It's also useful in poker and it's useful in journalism. You don't wanna volunteer information in poker.


There's a cost of volunteering information and so learning to be a bit more guarded and feeling like there's no kind of template I can follow that's exactly gonna meet my needs. Right. I have to take a little bit from different buckets. Right. Okay. So dad's in academia also you got some famous geologists, uncles, which is really fascinating. There's some crater on I think the moon. Okay. They're a pretty big one. Yeah, they were super overachieving. My dad's side, I have the famous arsonist on my mom's side. Ooh. Who got like written up in the New York Times. He like invented new forms of arson and insurance fraud. I'm not actually like an overachieving type. I kind of do it despite myself really. And so I take after that side of the family, I think you end up getting a degree in economics and then you end up working for a few years as a consultant. I was a transfer pricing consultant.


Okay. What is transfer pricing Consultant. Basically when you have a multinational company and different parts of the company make different things, like you have apple cell phone and they make the semiconductors in Taiwan and the screen in Bangladesh, how you price that can be used to optimize your tax policy. So basically it's how do you optimize your tax policy without getting sued by the government. Okay. Really Valuable work we were doing. It wasn't nourishing your soul, But I hadn't really thought about it. When you actually have the chance for the first time to earn a paycheck, it's kind of exciting. Oh, Big time. And I glossed over you were also a Michigan State champ Debater, you also wrote for the high school newspaper also in college you wrote for the Chicago Maroon.


You're writing the whole time and you're also doing all this stat work for fun with sports still. You're still obsessed. And then you create and explain this to us what Koda is. So Koda the anagram is very, I'm not gonna bore your listeners for even 15 seconds. You'd be shocked with their tolerance for boredom If you don't say it. I'm gonna have to say it on the FactCheck so you might as well say it now. Picture empirical comparison. It's deliberately nerdy. An optimization test algorithm I think. But it's also a nod to a player, This obscure player who was always like a thorn in the side of the tigers. This Thing has a weird name I read for the first time in my life today. It wasn't a reverse a nim, but it was like a backward NIM Acronym. I never Heard of backward name did Neither you. It's like Doge, the department of government efficiency.


So they kind of come up with the acronym and then figure out some letters later to make it match the acronym. They like. Oh. Oh, I see. It's kind of like, Oh they're working backwards. I got it. Yeah. Oh That makes sense. Acronym. That's also how we process the world. We make sense of it after it happened and we think we understood it before it happened. And it only makes sense after the fact. No, I have a friend who's a neuroscientist and he's like, yeah, our brain's just kind of just predicting and inferring. We never actually know what reality is. We're just making like an expedient internal map Simulation. Yeah, We're modeling which you ultimately do. We're just modeling the future. And then our data set is something that is heavily subjective because we make it make sense in reverse. Of course we go, all this happened, it's because of X, Y, and Z.


But we don't know. That's just what we kind of clinging to. Okay, so you create this thing and what is the goal of Koda? It's to forecast how baseball players will do the innovation is that most predictions will just say, okay, this player Shhe Tani will hit 3 0 2 with 42 home runs and 108 rbis next year. Whereas this gave like a range of options. So it was probabilistic. And that's kind of one of my big things is we don't know the future baseball players get injured or stop using steroids or whatever else. They're Hung over, they get divorced, They're human beings and there's luck. But no, the is have like a range of outcomes and so you're dealing with the uncertainty and the outlook. But yeah, people use it for fantasy baseball. Major league teams used it. You did this in 2000, was there already fantasy baseball at that time? Yeah. Yeah. I mean fantasy baseball gets back to the eighties.


Is Koda Moneyball? Well It's kind of in the Moneyball God tradition. God, That's so cool. Well I do want you to tell me what year did that happen? Moneyball Was oh two or oh three, somewhere in that range. Kota is a couple years before that. About the same time. So coincidentally the company was called Baseball Prospectus and this kind of blows up in part because of Moneyball and the Red Sox were being very stat friendly win the World Series in 2004. Yeah, because the whole thing. Okay, Now this is where you're really gonna put everyone to sleep. I understand that you're making statistical models. That's what this thing is ultimately, right? Yeah. What does that mean? You must be selecting the variables you're gonna use to determine this. And I bet there's a lot of decision making just there. Like what are we gonna include? What were you doing that was novel about it? People have this bad habit pretending that oh the model just flaws out of a coconut crell quote, former presidential candidate Kamala Harris.


And no, you have to make a lot of decisions and sports, at least the data is high quality. We record everything that happens on a major league playing field. But you're making decisions at every turn. A lot of it is about where you add more complexity and where you're pruning because models break. So you want like a complex simplicity. Am I right in that the product you create, it's a long formula. Yeah, lot. You just start plugging in up at bets and this and that. It's a bunch Of computer Code and it's just a math equation that you've picked the variables of and you have some way of evaluating the quality of the variables. Algorithm is the term that would technically be used for our political forecast. Literally you input the polls and press a go button and it takes five minutes and runs 50,000 simulation and spits out a bunch of data.


But that makes it seem like it has a mind of its own. It's hard because on the one hand you don't want to dictate what the data says. Right? At the other hand, If you like already have the answer you want, that's not really objective science either. So it's kinda this iterative process between I wanna systematize so I have to follow rules and not just be totally ad hoc. If I feel like it's handling this player badly or this election badly for a politics model and I change the rules, what's that mean for the other elections? What's that mean for the whole system overall? It's not like there's just one right answer. What are hedge funds and banks doing? Or what are the best sports bettors doing? They're usually using multiple models. You want a model that's robust. So basically if one thing breaks and it will still spit out a reasonable answer. That's where some of the art comes in as opposed to the science now really quick, Where the fuck does one learn to make these statistical models?


Yeah. Was this taught in econ or is this something you did as a hobbyist? It's as a hobbyist, you're trying to win your fancy baseball league. You're trying to solve a problem that you're determined to solve. You're trying to maybe win money gambling for example. You need to be very hands-on and have skin in the game. 'cause academics to cliche a little bit, tend not to have good street smarts for modeling a lot of the skill, like being able to look at a data set and say the value that number put out. Something's wrong there. And there must be either a bug in the input, we put the numbers in wrongly or the code failed somehow. Are you coding yourself or you have in 2000 here you work with? Yeah, back. I still do it for the most part. All my own coding. I'm a control freak in that way. And I think people need to understand as well, when you create a model, it's not telling you this team will win.


I'm guessing it's saying there's a 54% chance the team will win. There's a 61%. And in the world of betting, If you have an 11% margin, If you can predict that 61% accuracy, you're gonna be the most successful gambler of all time. You know, If you can get 56% of your points That's right, then you're like a world class. Yeah. So we're not looking to predict with 95% accuracy, anything above 50% is basically a good use of your time. And That comes from poker too. Poker players can discern like a 52% probability from 48%. Right? Most people think 100 zero and 50 50, right. There are a lot more gradations between 50 50 and a hundred zero. Right? Yeah. Okay. So now let's introduce your passion for gambling.


When does that start? Because among your many interests, you're also a degenerate gambler. I don't know. I would, It's teasing. I'm you're here. So I had my boring consulting job in college where I could do it in like a third of the time that we were billing the client. So I had free time in my hands in addition to starting the space ball stuff. My friend at work was like, we are starting a poker game at my apartment every Tuesday. The game actually never happens, but I was practicing for it online playing games for fake money and poker does not really work for fake money. It's a game where you actually wanna have to put something at risk. It's a game that involves bluffing and risk. So eventually I get some dubious offer, it'll get money and some free online site. I remember going home to my parents for Christmas and like having a bunch of whiskey. I'm like, oh, I'm just gonna play online poker.


And you keep playing higher. And lo and behold though, it's a cliche where you lose all your money. But like I won, right? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I got lucky at first and then parlayed that into eventually quitting my consulting job for a couple of years to play Online poker. Wow. Which some article I read said you had made 400 grand in a few years. I made 500 and lost 150 back. So like So three 50. That's still pretty cool. Yeah. In 2000. And then additionally this Koda thing is now starting to get very trusted as a way to predict the performance and careers of these players. And then along comes baseball prospectus, which acquires this thing you've created Koda. Yeah. And then you go to work for them and They're kinda like a startup and they would just hire smart nerds on the internet, right?


And they're like, okay, this kind of seems cool. Why don't you actually code this up for us? They like made proposal and also the first system was for pitchers and they're like make one for hitters too. And for some reason they decided, how old was I at the time? Like 24. You should also be the executive vice president of the company. Right? Not all, any job with a lot of bureaucracy and all these nerds you're trying to wrangle. I mean they're great people. We've had some reunions. Yeah. They're not the most corporate refined culture. And so you're doing a lot of problem solving that I'm utterly unqualified to do because this job doesn't pay very well to do management. What kind of money did you make selling this algorithm to them? They Gave me equity in the company. Okay. Which theoretically could have been where something probably wasn't worth that much in practice. But you're young and hopeful. One Problem we always had is like this was the era of when Moneyball was penetrating into major league teams.


Our stars would get picked off by the Red Sox or by the Cubs or by the Astros or whatever else. So from 2003 to 2008 you're at Baseball Prospectus. Correct. And you're also writing, they do books. They have monthly things and so you're actively writing. It's just interesting how all these little bits and pieces end up getting woven together and what your life becomes. So how in 2008 do you decide to start fucking around with politics and applying your models to politics? I Was spending most of my time on the baseball thing, but making most of my money on the poker thing in 2006. The US Congress is in kind of this panic, the Republicans are still in control. So they have this congressional page scandal where Mark Foley's congressman was messaging like 13-year-old pages about Hey, you know, why don't you send me some pictures.


So they're trying to do something to win themselves over with moral majority voters. The gay marriage thing has kind of played out and so they go after online poker. The last day in Congress 2006 they passed this bill and I'm like, fuck these people. Right? Oh, so you're angry. So I got more into politics 'cause A, it compromised my livelihood and B, you know, I'm like these fuckers. But you Never know who you're pissing off, Monica. It's true. You gotta be on your to Start getting more into covering politics. Also, I'm living in Chicago at the time and Obama's a big thing and he was this hipster fucking law professor. I'm like, oh he's running for Congress. Oh god, who's this guy? Right? But then he's kind of a cool guy. Yeah. Admits to doing coke. I like that. Yeah. He looks and sounds unlike any presidential candidate before and there's a lot of enthusiasm for him.


So 2008 becomes this inflection point where I, I guess people thought there's so much more political participation now. I'm not trying to get too involved in the politics, but then we obviously kind of spin into all types of crazy directions after that. I mean life, there's a lot of luck, right? Coincide like I felt coincide coincidence. I was lucky to be at this place where baseball stats really took off. And then lucky to be at a point where people want Moneyball for X. Yeah. They wanna data dify everything in the world basically. Yeah. So I have that skillset in the right place at the right time in the 2008 is this big inflection point where a positive becomes much more crazy and interesting all of a sudden politics like not this crusty thing anymore. I'm not trying to be super partisan, but it felt like, okay now you actually have an interesting politician who would actually want to hang out with. But at any Rate, 2008 you create a model to predict the outcome of that election and you start 5 38.


That's right. By the way, I've known 5 38 for I guess the last however long it's been going. The electoral college has 538 members. Oh members. Yeah. Did you know that Right outta the gate? I only think about two 70 when I think about that. Okay. So there's 538 Electoral votes And you name it that, I dunno if I'm good or terrible at naming things. Lo and behold, your model predicts the outcome of the 2008 election and the 2012 election with an accuracy that's really not rivaled at that time. To the degree that time makes you one of the 100 most influential people. Yeah. But there's deep irony here, which is the whole point of the model was to be probability driven.


We're not calling Ohio for Obama, we're saying it was a 52% chance 'cause it's just barely ahead in the polls. You had to bet you go 52 instead of 48. So, but in oh eight you got 49 of 50 states, Right? Yeah. And then 50 in 2012. 'cause it's just kind of dumb luck basically. Right? But are you being self-deprecating or are you being honest? Like I can't, No. 'cause okay, look who's gonna win Alabama in 2000 in 28, 44 Of the states I could call without a model but But those others, those Others man there are kind of all over that. Yeah. So maybe one or two, your model's a little better, right? But then you just kind of win a couple of coin flips. Well, Despite how easy apparently it was you, you do, you nailed it. You do ignite the people in a way that they do think they have their Moneyball guy for politics.


And so the New York Times brings you in-house for three years. And I want to know what that experience was like. 'cause you go from, you have 50 38 as its own website and then that gets transferred to the New York Times. And I think the numbers when you came there were one in 20 site visits were to go to 50 38. But by the end when you leave like 17 out of wow, a huge percentage of their personal traffic was you. I just have the anxiety dream at the New York Times the other night. I just flew back from Korea. So you have this like really long periods of REM sleep or their little nesty universe within your dreams and stuff like that. And I had some anxiety. They're like, before we let you right at the time you have to prove you're chops as a traditional reporter.


And they had some very complicated story with some blind person, Some tests that you were gonna fail. So on the one hand it was great. It's gotta be terribly exciting for you. You just started this fucking thing and four seconds ago you were at this stupid job cheating on taxes. This has got to be exciting. No, No cheating. We're staying in the boundaries. Gaps. Staying In the boundaries. There're brilliant people in the New York Times at the time I was there. It's 2010 to 2013. It's transitioning from being this dinosaur like print media business to, it's now I think a very well run, mostly digital. Is it a Scary point in its history? Yeah. And the vulnerable points in history, 5 38 is quite successful there. This is when they actually are getting like a whole bunch of new subscribers for the digital product.


But then you kind of run into egos mixed with kind of personnel turnover. There's a new CEO, it's a cliche, right? When they bring in the new guy and the project was the old guy's project. Worst thing that can happen in the world is you've made a movie for a certain president of a studio, then a new president comes in and that president decides your marketing budget. But they are incentivized for the previous person to have been a failure. This happens nonstop. This happened to me personally. And in Politics, exact same thing. When a new person comes in, the old stuff all has to go. Yeah. Or foul ideally. So new that comes in. Meanwhile, at the time the New York Times newsroom, the traditional political reporters kind of hate our guts. 'cause that election in particular 2012 was a very fucking boring election. It was Romney and Obama and maybe that's better.


They're both relatively competent people, but not a whole lot is changing or moving. They're well-known candidates. And so a lot of what the blog was doing, 5 38 was saying, yeah, this movement in the polls, it's all kind of fake and nothing's really changing. Right. Which is kind of against what their reporters want you to say where it's drama unfolding and game changing. I dunno. Once you start testing the market, eventually there were other offers that, let me try to build 5 38 into a larger thing, whether that was successful or not. We can, So Disney slash ESPN comes along, three years is up at New York Times and you leave and you go to Disney, A-B-C-S-P-N where you're for a long, long time from oh eight to 2023. No, Tanya from 13th. Okay.


And When you leave, there is an editor there who pretty much shits on you pretty publicly, says you were a bad fit. You were a disruptor At New York Times. Right? The New York Times. Oh, after you departed. Now that person then later said they regretted how they handled that. But a, was that a surprise to have them take that approach where you're feelings hurt or did you feel like you deserved it? I think the times is not used to people turning them down very much. And I actually still freelance at the Times. Occasionally, right? Yeah. In the relationship now. It took 10 years to repair. You wrote an op-ed right before this election that I read, which is my gut tells me Trump's gonna win and here's the statistics. But I'm telling you my gut and the Point was that the gut wasn't very valuable, but now I'm gonna pretend that my gut was crushing dead.


Yeah, Yeah. But no. So now I have a good relationship with 'em instead. But they weren't used to being turned down. And the cliche was that If you turn down the times and your career is over, which isn't really true anymore. You've had a lot of X times people start substack or have other success elsewhere. I bet People have heard explanations, but we could stand for a a concise one now. Why did you shit the bed so bad in 16 and why did everyone shit the bed so bad? I Think 2016 was actually our best election. Okay. Tell me, 'cause I think like about this as a gambler, and to me the question is what are the odds that you have relative to the consensus odds? Elaborate on that. So our Model had Trump with a 30% chance of winning. And we spent a lot of time explaining to people that Hillary does not have a selection in the bag. It's a much closer race than Obama.


All these states math Trump, but correlated, right? Being that Michigan and Wisconsin, they're all kinda the same state. If you lose one state, you'll probably lose the others. And so all that has to happen is that Trump over performs among so-called working class white non-college voters, and all of a sudden then you can win the electoral college. Which is kind of what happened basically. So to us, If you were to have invested in Amazon stock on day one, and you said, I think there's a 30% chance that Amazon will boom into something really big. You know one else is That's crazy. It's only 1%. But even though you're below 50% relative to consensus, we were one of the only people who were saying that Trump really did have a shot. Yeah. You Failed least bad. Yeah. Is the way we might say it. I would put, Because again, you're getting odds If you were gambling on the election, which I have no problem with, You're pro gambling, you could get five To one odds on Trump, basically 5 1 6 to one 2000 Sixteen's.


Like two and a half to one instead. So that means that the expected value poker term, if you're able to make that bet, that would be the best sports bet in the world, right? 'cause you personally have Trump at three to one and the odds have them at 5 1, 6 1. So for you, that's a great bet. Yeah. You're gonna lose most of the time, but you get five x six x your money when you're right. Got you. That's not how 99.9% of the political audience thinks. But we did take care though, to emphasize the uncertainty to the point that we were getting yelled at people like, we just think Nate's Toronto, just get more web traffic. And I will say you're a victim of the data you're sourcing. So maybe also some of the data, I guess there's this Yeah. Mean pollsters think big mystery of why these polls were so the Most concise explanation is that people who are more college educated, who read the news more or more likely, likely to respond to surveys.


Oh, interesting. Exciting pollster called in the phone. Yeah. My opinion is valuable. Should be recorded. Of course. Well I always go the other way. It's like who's dumb enough to wanna chat with a stranger? Like you gotta be so bored. Who can up the phone anymore? Well people with high social trust answer all types of surveys more. Right. Wow. But who has high social trust? It's Democrats. They are the establishment system party now, which didn't use to be true as much. Right? Elaborate on that. Obama was like the disruptive candidate. Electorate was younger, his electorate was black, Hispanic. Now the Democrats are kinda the party of college educated white liberals. They're very trusting of the media. And so they both respond to polls more and vote democratic more. And so If you don't adjust for that, you're gonna have your poll over sample Democrats. That's a technical term I'm using slightly incorrectly on purpose.


But you're gonna wind up with not enough Trump voters in your poll if Trump voters don't trust the media and you're not accounting for that in some respect. Right, right. Yeah. I guess some faction of the Trump base hates the media to a degree that if someone from the media called or upholster called, they would say fuck you and hang up. And It's not that they even lie about who they're supporting. I mean, Trump voters are proud. They just said they aren't being reached in the first place. Right. They're not picking up strangers phone calls. If they are, they're not gonna want to spend 15 minutes and take a survey. And that can shift after the first assassination attempt against Trump. There's a lot more enthusiasm. Like I'm proud to be a Trump supporter. Certainly in 2016, maybe the Trump supporters were not easy to reach. Okay, so you do 10 years there and how was that experience?


Because I gotta say I feel this parallel existence for us. So we create this little thing in the attic and then all of a sudden Spotify comes along and I would say that was your New York Times kind of, well we could be a part of this really big thing. And there are lots of advantages. These are interesting experiences where you have this little thing that you know very well and you potentially go somewhere to make it bigger. And that is kind of the roll of the dice. A roll the dice. There are a couple of big problems. One is that we've learned this before, but they have me doing a bunch of management stuff. That's not my comparative advantage to put it kindly. I mean I'm okay, but it's like exactly the part of my brain I don't want to be using. I need time to just get in the zone and get in a flow state and like right Kinky with those numbers. Yeah. No, I don't want have to respond to some email about this person wants an X percent raise.


But the main issue is, so I get in there and John Skipper, who is the head of ESPN at the time, he's like, Nate, don't worry about it. We're just gonna just make great content. I'm giving take Southern Accent. He's like, Good, good. Yeah. Yeah. We work in archetypes. We don't never have Have to worry about anything. Right. Lean into it gets Actually like a bad thing. I like John Skipper a lot, but he had some personal issues, kinda the same thing again, somebody new takes over and they don't have this mandate and all of a sudden E es ESPN's like, well we have the TV business and theme parks that's robust unless there's a global pandemic or something like that, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So like All their like began to hit headwinds and we were set up as literally as like kind of a loss leader. It's not even that big a line item on Disney's budget, but they're like, it's not really worth it if we're losing 5 million instead of making 5 million, who cares?


But then when you're under financial pressure, like that is not going to hold up very well. So we're kind of in a point of stasis where there's no business model. When you don't have a business model, then it's hard to do anything really. I'm not sure what you're optimizing for. Exactly. And then there's also the issue of if you're creative then everyone wants to have this brand expansion. But if you're the major creative force, it can only expand so much. People want you ultimately, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. There are ways around that. There's some things that do scale. Like the models that we build, they get a lot of traffic. And I could hire somebody now and we're kinda in the press of doing this all over again at the Subick silver bulletin now, but much slower. I thought we have to hire as many people as possible. Right now when you get to ESPN, I talked to Bill Simmons was at Grantland before that. And he is like everything that you want, ask for it right now.


Right? Because you'll never have more leverage, right. Than you'll have right now. They're In the wooing you phase. Yeah. Ask for like business class travel. 'cause it's a reasonable thing if you're busy. Right? But If you ask for that in the next contract negotiation when you're losing money, then eh, ask that now. Walk that in right now. Yeah. Yeah. That's Sage advice. But then you kind of wind up with 25 people all starting new at the same time and we didn't understand that you need to have like a product team and like an advertising team and it was just kind of an awkward fit. Disney is a wonderful and creative place in certain ways, but it does things at very large scale. Everything is eight or nine figure budgets for like an NFL deal or a movie or a theme park. I mean the whole city of Orlando is basically the 51st State is Wal Disney World basically, right?


Yeah. Yeah. It's an enormous corporation. Disney's very big picture. And they were like, he's a creative, he doesn't have to deal with money. It's like, no, actually I fucking like making money. I like business. Right? Yeah. I like this to be like a growing business. 'cause anytime you try to hire somebody, we hired good people. We're like, what's a long term plan? We're like, well we know this. You like this, you been the contract for three more years, so why don't you worry about it? And all of journalism sucks, so you're not gonna have job security anywhere. And that's a very hard pitch. And so it is also partly my own ego. I don't know why I felt like I wanna be like one of those 1970s magazine adders. Right? We were like drinking wine as you're finishing the Sure. A cosmopolitan man. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We have some argyle socks. I'm not sure what's happening. Exactly.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by 23 and me plus Total Health. As the year winds down, we often spend time reflecting on what's important. Well, taking proactive steps to take care of your own health is one of the most loving things we can do for the people who love us. And with 23 and Me, you can do just that With 23 and Me plus Total Health, you'll receive advanced genetic screening giving you a lifetime of insight into your potential future disease risks. It can help lead to early detection and even prevention. It's a longevity platform that helps you be proactive about your health. With cutting edge genetic testing and biomarker analysis. You can create a health plan that is tailored just for you. As you know, I've been, we're both in this study. Yes. And I've been going back to 23 and me and ordering different results, which is so cool. It's all sitting there for me to do. Oh, That's so cool. 'cause we've done it before. Yes. We really loved what we learned. Also do it as a family or like as a friendship. It's really fun to read. So you get your results and you can read them together. It's fun. It Is. Advocate for your health today. Go to 23 and me.com/dax for your limited time offer. That's 23 and me.com/dax.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe. February is the month of romance. And to celebrate Tropical Smoothie Cafe is remixing a classic with their fan favorite chocolate covered strawberry smoothie. Ooh. Featuring a delicious blend of strawberries, dark chocolate, white chocolate, banana, and non-fat yogurt. This crave worthy flavor is only available for a limited time. Limited a dish. Yes. In app and online. Prepare for love at first sip. And if you're a fan of their tropic bowls, make your taste buds swoon this Valentine's Day season with their new Nutella drizzle. Add-on. There's just something about chocolate that says romance isn't there. There Sure is. Mm. Chocolate's done. A great job marketing to lovers Love. Absolutely This month. Gift a loved one or be your own Valentine by indulging in refreshing tropical goodness. Because at Tropical Smoothie Cafe, it's always tropic time. Order ahead, take the scenic route and earn rewards with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe app. Download it today. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Okay. So you are there for a while, but you also in 2012, you write The Signal and the Noise and that's a really successful book. My apologies. I haven't read that one. And the fact that I read On the Edge is really kind of a fluke. I always go to Audible and I know exactly what I'm going there to get. And I just happened to stumble upon your book. That's cool. I'm vaguely aware of you. I know that you're statistics genius and I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna give this book a shot. And I can't imagine this has gotten back to you, but I've brought it up now a bazillion times on the show because there's so many little pieces of On the Edge that I really, really enjoy. Very thought provoking. I think your outsiderness in some degree of disagree ability, I appreciate greatly.


And the book it sprinkled throughout. I like the spirit of it. Thank you. In a nutshell, the examination of this book is a group of people you refer to as the river, which of course is a Texas hold term. It's the last card that comes out. The Last card. Because supposedly in the old riverboat days in poker's origin, if the dealer was crooked and cheated or was suspected of cheating and the last card affected the hand, he'd be thrown into the Mississippi River. Oh. Oh, that's, oh, I like that Possible origin That term. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If not, let's keep it 'cause it's so funny. Funny. Yeah, I like that. The turn. Oh, that's The second to last one. Flop Turn River. Got It. And so for people who don't play Texas, hold them, the stakes go up and up and up because you're given two cards. You've already perhaps put in the ante and generally you wanna see the flop for free.


You're gonna get three whole cards, now you're gonna have five. You have some sense of what your hand is and then it just diminishes it from there. Or at the end you're hoping for a single card to change your destiny. So obviously the risk level's going up and the stakes are going up. It's a game Of escalation. Let's say you're playing a $5, $10 hold them game, which is a medium sized game and you have $5,000 in the table. So the first bet typically in that game, someone would bet 30 bucks to try and win the five bucks and the 10 bucks relatively small money and fighting for those $15 worth of blinds. Things can escalate and escalate until all $5,000 are on the table or even more than that potentially. And so it's a game of escalation, but Escalation and reduced options, I guess that's implicit in a game of escalation.


But you're getting less and less options. Yeah. As you get to the river, then there are fewer cards that can come and it's called the Game Tree. You can imagine a branch prunes out and then narrows again toward the end. But the more money on the table, the deeper you can get. 'cause you can raise and rer check raise and all these things. Right. It's a very complex game actually. It took longer to solve poker than to solve chess. It is kind of solved now. I mean, we can get into what that means. Exactly. Tell me. Yeah, because the computer AI can play chess better than a human. I can play go better than a human and it Can kind of play poker better than a human. Although there are a lot of caveats there, right. One is that humans are not playing poker perfectly. The whole thing, you learn about poker strategy. We actually like study how computers play poker, but the whole computers have must be very honest.


Computers fucking bluff all the time. One discovery they made is that you have to bluff a ton in poker. That's what makes people have an incentive to pay you off. And you have a real hand. And I've played a bunch of Texas Holden. But even reading your first few chapters, which are about gambling in general, there were a few things in there. I was like, oh wow. It's down to the science. I forget the ratio you give, but there's a known percentage you should bluff to make yourself reputable and get paid when you have it. Right. It depends on the size of the pot and it depends on cards that come in other things. Right. But you have to bluff a lot. And also concealing information, although it's intuitive, If you think it's poker, it's a game of limited information. But you want to be very deceptive. Sometimes you want to slow play with a strong hand that's very important. Or check a strong hand just to avoid giving away too much information.


Well, ideally, you know your opponent, how they play and you're now counter-punching If you know that a certain player bluffs just a little bit too much that all of a sudden a huge number of your hands are calling that would be folding before or vice versa, or things like this. Player tends to make it big bet when they have a bad hand is a bluff and a small. But when they have a good, you love that type of player. Right? It's like, okay, so now when you have good hair, I can get away cheaply, maybe even fold or at least pay you only a small amount. But when you're making a big bluff and you're not balancing your strategy, it's Extremely psychological. Maybe a hundred percent More short. It's maybe 70 30 math versus psychology. And it's also like a type of discipline in the abstract your computer programs can study with and coaching videos. I have a poker coach who was kind of the poker equivalent trainer basically.


But can you execute when all of a sudden you're playing for like $50,000 At the final table of some tournament? Yeah. And I played in like the World Series Poker a lot. I made day six of the main event. By the time you make it to day six, every pot is literally worth a couple hundred thousand dollars. You don't get to cash that in right away. My parents would was like, oh, not a million chips. And like, you want a million bucks? Like no, I have chips. And like the exchange rates like 10 to one and the World Series of Main Event, there are 10,000 players now. There are not 10,000 good poker players in the United States. Right. And so like they're amateurs and they're so nervous they're like shaking. And so like it becomes learning how to deal with a flow state and a little bit of stage fright and executing in those high pressure situations that when you do it enough, I'm a very talented amateur. He's Won $840,000 in tournament play.


Then how can you be an amateur? It's gross. Not net. It's Not net. That's gross. I know we're always talking about gross and net. Let's, let's focus on the winnings right now so I can prove to her you're a good poker player. I kind of developed like a little bit of a sicko tendency where you're like, I feel more alive when I'm playing for real money and more focused and in a weird fucked up way. Even like a little bit more relaxed. I don't know. It's weird. Well, there's all these different social science studies where they measure testosterone levels of day traders. They measure testosterone levels of poker players. There's a biological component too that's happening. There Absolutely is. And this is one thing it took me a while to learn, and I learned it by talking to these one guy who consulted with traders. He actually said neuroscientists and studied these Wall Street fighters. Like these people are fucking crazy.


They think they're so rational, but they're not. Talk to an astronaut, talk to a guy who's trained fighter pilots, talk to a guy who trained professional golfers and they kind of all say the same thing, which is your body is working on a different chemical system, a different operating system when you're under stress. And actually a good athlete will have a higher escalation in his or her heart rate under stress. A traitor will have higher spikes in testosterone and dopamine and things like that. That's okay. 'cause it means that your body's reacting to stress when you learn in poker. I'm not gonna feel the same playing a $10,000 pot as in a $5 pot in my barely league game on Tuesday night. Literally like, okay, I can start till master that, or at least fuck up less than other people. Yeah. When you learn that, then that becomes kind of powerful.


Okay. So the book isolates this group that you refer to as the river. And these are people who have a great appetite for risk. They have a pretty good evaluation of risk. They have a certain rejection of the commonly held wisdom. There's some traits. And then you go on to profile a select group of people and among them, and there's more. But we do Doyle Brunson, a very famous poker player, and then we do Peter Thiel, the venture capitalist. You do Sam Bankman Freed, which is very interesting. Yes. From of course FTX and then you do Sam Altman. So these are people that all would fall into this group you refer to as the river.


They live in the risk analysis world. And I think maybe could we start with Peter Thiel? In some ways, Peter Thiel is the most curious, one of the bunch 'cause A most is guys, and there are lots of women in the book too, but it's heavily more men than women. Testosterone's playing a big role in a lot of this, I think Testosterone and ego and entitlement and who is afforded the privilege of gambling in a probabilistic way. So he is someone who's known as being quite risk averse. He wanted to sell PayPal early on and protect his downside. He's also quite religious. He's a unique individual. He's gay, deeply religious. What's his religion? Do we know he Was German? I don't if he's a alien or something.


He is a Christian of Some sort. He's a right wing ish gay man. That's always interesting to me. He is a very literate intellectual in a way that Elon Musk is brilliant in many ways. He, he kind of has like a 12 year old's mindset, right? Teal, he's quoting from scripture and philosophy. The the classics. He's a brilliant, brilliant dude. Yeah. He was like, okay, well Nate, 10 years ago, all this Moneyball shit was the frontier. But now it's all been internalized and now a contrarian thing is actually to trust your gut more. 'cause all the nerds have taken over everything and so there's no alpha, it would be the trading term from just running the models that everyone else has. That's No longer an advantage. The Moneyball thing's been played to its logical path, I think is probably fairly close to being true, but he was an early adopter of Trump in 2016.


He kind of will say that, oh, I thought it was a good contrarian, Beth, that maybe the odds are 50%, not Nates 30%, and definitely not the conventional wisdoms 10%. I think Trump probably matches a lot of his political leanings anyway, but you have to give him some credit for understanding that Silicon Valley's interests and the progressive interest would clash in lots of different ways. Silicon Valley would come under scrutiny for lots of good and bad reasons. What are the effects of cell phones and social media? What are the effects of very powerful people owning individual media brands or all the Satellites, the Tremendous accumulation of wealth At the same time, Silicon Valley has a cliched image of itself where it's like we are the ones who think differently and we are contrarian, we're disruptors. In some ways it's still quite impressive.


Despite all the things that America fucks up. We still have the best talent. Oh, from all around the world. Coming to California, in particular, coming to Silicon Valley, even though it's kind of like a place that's very expensive and unlivable in certain ways, but we still have that and our economy is still growing. Our lifespans are not, we're making this trade off, which might be Bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Silicon Valley understands that growth is vital and technology eight times outta 10 is good. Yeah. And they understand probability. They understand that If you are making a lot of high upside, high risk bets, If you make enough of those, actually pay off pretty well. Right. If you like a one in 10 chance of having a hundred extra investment, it's like a really good bet in the long run. Those basic things, right. Overcomes a lot of all types of problems. Being very pilled on some issues, and it's very male and very white and Asian.


It's always had a lot of ego. And I think Trump winning further inflates those egos. I just think it's really wild that in our lifetime there was this movie called Revenge of the Nerds, which was completely unthinkable. And the notion was, yeah, these jocks have made it insufferable to live here, but now the nerds are the jocks and now we're seeing their version of it. And guess what? No one's version was all that great. People with power and Oh yeah. Privilege act the way they do. People Have an amazing ability to feel like they're disempowered or aggrieved when objectively speaking, Peter Thiel and Mark Andreesen and Elon, they're doing really fucking well. Right? Yeah. Yeah. They're as wealthy as any people have ever been in the history of the universe or the world at least Shape the world they live in pretty dramatically. And the Book gives them a perfectly fair shake.


They're kind of sore winners. The average Silicon Valley, CEO is still probably a progressive Democrat. There was a much more sizable Trump faction. This go around kind of anticipated that people make the mistake of assuming that things just kind of trend linearly upward forever. Right. And the world's a story more or less of mean reversion. There is a broad based conservative backlash on cultural issues. Yes. Yeah. And it might be picking right about now, This is my own personal digestion of what just went down. To me, it feels very obvious. This was an election. I woke some, I mean just watch the rights ads and they were about almost a single issue. How do you feed that into an algorithm? You Don't. You're looking at the polls. For better or worse, we're just looking at the polls and economic data and not trying to answer the why questions as much.


We kind of leave that up to the pundits. I suppose that they, them ad is partly about wokeness but also about other things. Right. It's about taxpayer money. It's about Kamala Harris seeming kind of out of touch in different ways. It's about illegal undocumented immigration. It's about flip-flopping. It might be the most played ad in TV history 'cause it's about more than one thing. Republicans tried to run on transgender rights in 2022 at the midterm. Didn't have that much success with it. I voted for Harris. Full disclosure. I didn't think it was that close. I did too. Yeah. People need to be able to have a healthy degree of skepticism without going off the deep end. That seems to be very hard for people. Partisanship is a drug, it's a cliche, Both sides. It's a cancer. I'm not think that people on the right celebrate the LA's burning down.


And I wanna just say, if it brings you great joy that your countrymen are losing everything, their children don't have a bedroom anymore. If that gives you pleasure, you must admit your politics is a cancer on both sides. When people on the left are stoked, people are dying of covid, your politics are a cancer at that point. This Is still like an ongoing Yes. Yeah. Happen In the middle of it. So it's not even like recriminations. Exactly. And how that charges is instantly, it Immediately is political. You just won this election, you're gonna gain a lot of power and you get nice little revenge against the left. But just chill out. Chill out for a week if anything. Yeah, just take a breather. My God. That's part of the problem because it's those people, if they were quiet, maybe the other people wouldn't be like, oh, I'm happy their houses are burning down.


But Trump is literally calling him Gavin Newcomb right now. Yeah. Are you kidding me? You're our president. It's Like the chill to chill ratio. I had some concept. I'm workshopping chill To Chill in the short run, chill kind of works. People are called to action and alarmed and I kind of go back till September 11th and the patriotism phase and that works in the short run. Right. But a lot of people get tired of it. There are good critiques can make of everything from controlled burning practices in California to the expense of various public services to the fact that if there is climate change, then needing to be more realistic and prepared for the type of housing that you're building in vulnerable areas. But instead it turns it as some thinking about DEI and the lesbian.


Oh yeah, yeah. No, I kind of want the lesbian fire chief to have like reality TV show if they get fired because they seem like these charismatic personalities. Right? Yeah. Just let people process. It's a bummer. I guess where I differ from some of my peers is it's on both sides. It's just a fucking gnarly metastasized cancer that all of us have. Yeah. I Mean there was one democrat, there was that picture now of like the McDonald's burning and a hundred degree storm fire. She's like, this proves what corporate politics are doing to the climate. It's like, yeah, you can maybe wait. I know it's kind of a gross level of opportunism. Okay. Peter Theo, all to say he did do these revolutionary things at the time with his founders fund as his company. Yeah. And we even heard this when we listened to the meta AI thing.


This decision to bet on founders and not try to wrestle control away from founders and have this belief in them in a way that was pretty new and novel at the time they took this approach. It's almost like they don't need to know what the idea is. They just wanna believe in the founders. I love that You say the more shabby you show up for your first meeting, the more trustworthy you are. It's so funny. Well Sam Bickman free kind of played into this cliche, he's kind of self-described on the spectrum and not the guy who's gonna wear a suit and tie, but he's like, if I am playing video games in investor pitch meetings, But that will make me seem cool that I have so much ram, I need to offload some of that playing a video game while I'm multitasking. And so he kind of played in that stereotype and was quite deliberate. 'cause they're very intense pattern matches Zuckerberg.


He was kind of seeing this like nerd in a hoodie and not the world's best communicator and just wanted to grind all day in engineering problems that became the prototype that was used. Or Steve Jobs a slightly different prototype for example. And this can make it harder for new prototypes to break through. I'm not trying to be super PC here, but the fact that there's so little money going to women founders and so little money going to black founders and Hispanic founders is kind of insane if you're really interested that wants to be disruptive and wants high variance grit and all these things. Yeah, right. Because they're such intense pattern matchers and because they kind of can't lose the average venture capital firm. Mediocre firm isn't doing that well, but the top firms kind of can't lose If you have the best talent from all around the world. It's like if every year the best team in the NBA got the number one draft pick, Right?


All the very best players came and begged to be on a team. Yeah. Okay. So let's talk about Sam bankman free because you spend a lot of time with him and why do you think he was willing to sit with you? I know the people well just in case people don't know, oh yeah, let's do a little quick history of who he is, how he created FTX and even what FTX was. 'cause I do think the layman but hear it all the time, but they're not sure what happened. So Sam Bickman free was a nerdy Matthew kid. His parents were professors at Stanford. I think his mother was a philosophy professor. His dad was a law professor, like a lot of smart kids. Got initially into finance at a firm called Jane Street Capital, which is a big quantitative hedge fund. At some point he also got into something called effective altruism. Basically it's Moneyball, but for charity.


It was kind of the pitch Earmarked that because my very favorite part of the entire book was the effective altruism part. Okay, cool. So I wanna talk a lot about that, but let's just earmark that he got into that. So he's at some kind of financial place working For a hedge fund. This is in his internal monologue that is probably unreliable to some degree, but he's like, so I wanna make a lot of money so I can like donate it to poor children in Africa. This is kind of the cliched version of it to help prevent malaria at a very cost effective rate. And then do much other weirder shit too involving AI and animal welfare and things like that. He's like, I'm not making enough money at this hedge fund and so I'm gonna start my own firm. His co-founder quits, right? 'cause he seems kind of crazy. And one thing you learned about the book is all these people who think of themselves as hyper-rational and are thought of it by others as hyper-rational, a lot of which kinda degenerate gamblers at heart, often skilled and smart, degenerate gamblers, Incredibly impulsive, right?


Impulsive And kind of stimulus driven. He's also on Adderall, right? He said that wasn't that big a part of this story. If you live on meth, I mean, I dunno how much you can discount that. I Mean If you play enough poker where you have enough of a sample size where you see how things that affect yourself, like if you're hungry, then you're playing poker for like 12-year-old. I just wanna bus down and go get a fucking steak or something. You Don't even know you're trying to get out. You're Making all these marginal high stress decisions and the cumulative effect of anything that you're doing, maybe Adderall or nicotine, whatever, you can understand why people might like that, right? But it's gonna affect performance and mentality. Long story short, it starts a fund called Alameda. Kind of has some fallout there, but begins to make more and more money, eventually realizes If you really wanna get rich quick, then there's certain crypto trades that look like a very good bet leveraging different prices of Bitcoin in Japan versus South Korea versus other things.


But does the Price of Bitcoin vary throughout the globe? At the time they were pretty big arbitrages because I believe this is right in South Korea you had to be a registered agent to trade Bitcoin or like a resident of South Korea. And they were pretty strict about it, at least at first. And this was back when Bitcoin was a somewhat more obscure thing. And so yeah, If you could somehow find a way to buy Bitcoin in South Korea but makes this money and then founds FTX, which is a crypto exchange, which I Don't even understand how a crypto exchange works. My understanding is like you go buy crypto, you have a password and it exists. I don't know why is someone else ever involved? So First of all, I have to find somebody to sell me crypto, which is not a completely trivial problem.


And you have to enter this 26 digit code and you can see what crypto is a bit intimidating. Which If you go to like an FTX or Coinbase or a Gemini, then it's just E-Trade, Right? I got this much amount of money and I want to convert it to Bitcoin. You deposit 20,000 bucks from your bank account, you press a button, you buy Bitcoin, they take more of a surcharge than they probably should. But now I own Bitcoin, which technically you actually don't. They are just allocating that to your bank account and they own the Bitcoin. But usually that was respected. I can't say for all these firms in principle, your crypto is supposed to be segregated. So you can't then go have a run on the bank at FTX. It wasn't because Sam thought, oh, I'm very good at making trades and I wanna make the world better through effective altruism. So I'm like, we have $8 billion in customer deposits in crypto. Wouldn't it be a shame if I just left that sitting there in some account instead of making these awesome trades with it?


And of course he Thought it was unutilized money. Yeah. He's like, well I am trying to give my money away to charity and or to become infinitely powerful. He thought he could become president with some probability. Literally he wanted to be like the world's first trillionaire. These are Also counter, I wanna be so altruistic and I wanna be the president and a trillionaire. A trillionaire A little Suspicious, Right? This is wild. Also just what a goal. It sounds like an 8-year-old. It's what you wrote down. I wanna be president when you were 11 years old. I Grew outta that. Yeah. He even thought I could become president before he was age 35. I like, oh my god, lobby to together. The rules changed. Okay, Who was the big backer of FTX? Alfred Lin was a partner there. But you know Sequoia's a very well respected firm. One of the greats. Their position in the book is just, yeah, it's one of the ones that didn't work out.


They're not even smart in the way you would think someone would smart. They said they would do it again, right? All it Can happen is it goes to zero. So you go from one to zero, eh, who cares, right? You go from one to infinity, then that outweighs a lot of one to zeros. So they were at least honest with saying, we do this again. Now there is some, I believe, shareholder action. So this is the rare case where there could be additional liability, but probably not too bad. But the other part of it is If you become successful in any different field, relatively young, you can notice how people change around you. And I'm sure it's true in Hollywood, but it's also true in the nerdier occupations, right? Yes. Yeah. So we've interviewed McCaskill well and we adore him. Yeah. And I had some quiet pushback that I didn't know quite how to articulate and I thought your book did a really good job of pointing out some gaps in it.


So maybe lay out effective altruism. So Effective altruism originally kind of meant what it sounded like, which is how can we find more effective ways to give money to charity? Just Look at what Bill Gates has been doing for the last 15 years. Yeah. Like how do we get the most bang for our buck? How do we the most lights 5,000 bucks instead of the $10 million we put on the average. You know, government agencies actually put a value on human life based on how people behave in the us, which is 10 million. So that mindset though becomes quite fraught, even though I think it's right. You're putting a value now on different things. So that already is a little bit fraught. What is the value of donating to the symphony, for example, like a little bit harder to quantify. Okay. Or we can start to ask some other couple questions. Well, effective altruist mostly believe in animal welfare, which I see is a good thing.


But how much are we trading the welfare of different animals against each other? One example I give in the book is that there was a puppy, a poodle who got stuck in the New York City subway system a few years ago and should we stop the entire F train to rescue Dakota? And they decided to stop the F train. But like you wouldn't do that for a squirrel. He'd run outta a fucking squirrel or like a cat probably gets run over and a dog. We just assign enough moral value, then it gets wind. They're like, okay, well look at the number of neurons that an animal has. Well Really quick, let's just walk down one through. So that really happened to Dakota of the dog wandered into the subway, they shut it down, it was down for a couple hours and you simply say really quick, let's do a generic loss of wages. Well, generic loss of wages of that one little situation was 2 million. So how many humans can you save for 2 million instead of the dog? Then what about all the hospital workers that were waiting for their train?


Did humans die because they weren't on their shift? All these solutions in covid were terrible. It was terrible. Have all these people get sick? It was terrible to shut down schools, but you have to make trade-offs and you Delineate the difference between small world problems and big world problems. These statistical analysis are really quite good at small world problems. But as you get into big world problems, these are almost impossible. And People like don't respect the boundaries enough. I'll worry if I'm making a model in baseball or politics or basketball, oh this player is 10% underestimated. But the data's very good and we know how the system works. We know the rules of the game. Literally you have little errors and mistakes, but pretty accurate. Whereas in these big open-ended problems, you're just kind of making shit up on the back of an envelope and sometimes the best you can do. We had to make these decisions again under Covid and maybe if we'd been more thoughtful about them, like what is the cost of shutting down school in Los Angeles for 19 months?


You know, we probably should done more back of the envelope math there, which I think would've said probably a bad idea, even given these uncertain assumptions. But people don't know when they go from these closed problems that are amenable to modeling to these open problems where it's just regurgitated assumptions over and over and over again. So what's happened though with ea? The mandate kind of expanded for various reasons. From charitable giving to any problem involving utility, meaning how do we make the world better? More questions. Who's deciding what constitute? Yeah. What's better? Better and for whom? What if I make myself infinitely happy and the rest of you are my slaves? You can say, well, Nate has infinite units of utility and you guys have oh 0.01 'cause you're not physically dead.


Maybe you get to watch TV once a week or something. You get To nap. They're so Generous. Yeah, letting us, you get RVs now and then, Right? One of the things I really loved about what you pointed out, I made the people I was on vacation with in Mexico City over Christmas suffer through my regurgitation of you is utilitarianism, which we learn in philosophy. The ends justify the means if it has a better outcome for more people. That's good. I didn't even think of the simplest thing. The reason we're just naturally drawn to that is it has the illusion of numbers. We can assign numbers. And when we get into these very ambiguous, hard to decide moral issues that are nuanced, four is bigger than three, that's very comforting. I think we underestimate how comforted we are by the notion of utilitarianism because you have a bigger number than a smaller number.


And even the trolley one that we all know you're on a trolley, it's gonna hit three people. You can pull a lever, it'll hit one person. Well three's life saved is better than one. But what if the three dudes just gang raped somebody and the life you're gonna kill is on the verge of securing cancer. It's so much more complicated than all lives have the same value. I have Built models. I know how even when you have awesome data like you have in baseball, it's like a game that has structure and rules. I know how much you can have a garbage in garbage out problem and some parameters are robust, but you can change them and the output's about the same and some are not. Meaning you make an assumption and it totally radically changes and it overwhelms everything else in the system.


One irony is in some ways I trust the poker players more and the traitors more and people like that because they actually have skin in the game. If they are wrong, They'll be penalized. There's an outcome, right? One of the things he did, Sam was dumped $12 million into this very small election up in Oregon, is detailed in the book. And in fact, I had a friend tell me so excitedly, he said, do you know if Sam Bankman freed? He asked Trump how much money to walk away from the election and the number was X. And he's like, can you imagine how great that would be? And I was like, I'm sorry, that's not great to subvert democracy. Yeah. Whether you like the guy or hate the guy, no buying off. What if someone offered Obama $12 billion in 2008 to walk away?


You can't use your money to take away an option for people to vote on. That is fundamentally wrong, but it flies under this banner of effective altruism. You could definitely argue a utilitarian point of view on that. No. Now we get into deism. There has to be a principle called democracy that rises above all that. So in some ways the demise of Twitter was mispredicted, right? People thought, oh, the engineers will leave and Twitter will basically collapse the infrastructure. Which it hasn't happened. It remains very influential. But you could say that Elon Musk spent $44 billion currently by the time he bought it and was trying to find ways out probably knowing that's like not a good ROI from a hero financial. He's gonna lose money on that. But he Is willing to spend let's say half of that, right? Let's say there's the real value is 20 billion. So he's spending $25 billion on the cultural and political project and maybe it's paid off.


He's still the richest man in the world. In fact, his wealth has only increased since Trump's election. So it's kind of pocket change to him. And I think it has had a huge effect on the discourse. I don't blame Silicon Valley for saying, Hey, we're gonna stand up and defend our interest. I think they felt that they were getting a hard time from the White House on antitrust stuff, which maybe they should get. I'm just saying this is their mindset and they're tired of their woke progressive employees. And meanwhile the news media has become very anti-tech and There's like an agrarian movement right now against billionaires. I'm watching the frontline two hour on China right now and I'm like, guys, we're kind of inching towards this agrarian hatred. It's This weird like Barbara poll thing where somehow Donald Trump, I don't even wanna get into Donald Trump's finances.


Yeah. But because he's a kind of poor person's idea of like a rich person, he kind of gets you pass a Little bit. Yeah, that's really true. The left field's agreed and the right fields' grieved when someone's on a winning streak. And this is also talked about in the book and the stuff about how traitors behave and how poker players behave. You're getting so much fucking dopamine that when you're in a winning streak, especially men, it can be talked to. It's literally narcotic. You can't really be reasoned with, I love that chapter on effective altruism and it's very interesting to have you sit with Sam Brinkman freed and have him basically try to woo you while also real time watching his empire crash and getting more and more accepting of the notion that he's probably gonna go to Jail. I mean I interviewed him four or five days before he got arrested and taken into custody.


Wow. So his mind is reeling like it's a video game trying to figure out how can I somehow get outta this mess? He was someone who actually found it kind of hard to generate empathy for in part because last time I talked to him was in Palo Alto, California. He's at his parents' house, under house arrests. You have to give away all your electronics and like writing on this hotel notepad. I hadn't actually written that much, so I can't make small letters anymore. I don't. It's like the landing form in the aircraft. Like I can't use, I can't do that. Right? Yeah. I can't even see these questions. He Has like an ankle bracelet. This is serious. Right? And then I asked him, well what If you could get two years probation? You settle the court case. And at the time people kind of knew he was pretty dead to rights. It's like, yeah, I'd have to think about it. He was like, yeah, 20 years. Instead, by the way, testified in his trial in New York against, I guess not the advice of his counsel, but against the advice of other lawyers that I spoke with.


He was just gonna perjure himself, which is what he did. Really pissed off the judge. So he is actually kind of a very bad miscalculating type. So let's just close with Sam Altman. So he is running open AI and he's in the river. What did he do in the past that from your assessment, would qualify him as being someone that has got a big appetite for risk? So he worked for a firm called Young Combinator, which is an incubator. They would go through and look at lots of very early stage pitches or founding teams. Give them a small amount of seed money. When you do that, you get very good at networking basically. But you get all the business 'cause there's a lot of outflow. Everyone who's a young investor who may not be established would wanna go to this firm and therefore he makes great connections, develops a good eye for talent.


And his skill set is really knowing a little bit about a lot and being a good networker. He is not, I don't think a coding genius. It's funny 'cause I guess I put him in that category. No, he has A good eye for sniffing out what the next big thing is gonna be. All the guys, including the bad and evil people are impressive. But Sam Altman, 'cause it's kinda this crazy idea. I'm obviously supplying this a lot, but just leave this computer on for a really long time. It's not clear what the commercial applications are and it's expensive to buy. A compute is expensive, right? It's not like a Silicon Valley garage somewhere where you're just hacking together a project. No clear financial upside. Which is why it started out as a nonprofit that's obviously defacto already over, I'm not gonna get in their legal structure exactly, but like wrestling together, Elon Musk and Microsoft and Peter Thiel was an early investor. All these people, he was kind of playing the captain of that fantasy baseball team.


Sam is an effective politician. He understands different constituencies in Silicon Valley, kind of reflects their ideology and is very augh. So Sam McMan free again, SBF, not Sam Altman literally said repeated like if I could flip a coin and the coin comes up heads and the world is twice as good plus 1% and if it's tails we wipe out all life in the known universe. I would flip that coin from utilitarian standpoint. Right. Wow. That's a worldview, isn't it? Sam Altman wouldn't do that at 50 50. He might do it at 90 10 though Is so out of touch. You can be very smart until you hit a certain level of ego and power and then you become dumb again. Oh Yeah. Your intelligence is compartmentalized.


Elon in so many ways is the greatest engineer for centuries. And then he has kind of the emotional capacity of a 12-year-old. SpaceX actually was in very hairy situation for a long time. Yeah. They crashed three. If the fourth didn't succeed, he's done and he knows it. And so He's been written off a few times. But once you have the chip on your shoulder and with Sam Altman AI's taking a long time to let it train on basically reading the entire text of the internet and thinking, scare quotes about it for a really long time. And then all of a sudden with CPT two and then certainly three and beyond that it's like is kind of miraculous. Oh, I just started using it. I'm like, I really can hardly believe this can do this. You feel like you're interacting with magic in some Way. Yeah. So you have a faith in it.


And most of these guys, not that I have the whole faith thing worked out, but I like think you start to get into some weird existential and spiritual questions for various reasons when you're talking about smarter than human intelligence. When you're talking about life extension, these guys get into weird simulation hypothesis and things like that. And most of 'em are secular. I kind of halfway predict there might be a little bit of a religious boom in Silicon Valley sometimes soon they try to wrestle with it. But Sam feels like he's seen this miracle happen and then he gets written off at different times. The board tried to clumsily oust him from his own company. And then once you survive that, then you're emboldened. I think he's the most rational of all the people I met. I think he understands his incentives. So I talked to him in summer 2022 and the book took four years to write.


At first. I was tried to get another interview later on once QPD 3.5 had come out, they're like friendly. But like Sam was traveling the world for the next six months. Yeah. And he first two interviews in person. So it might be difficult. You come to Cambodia at first, this interview is like a year and a half old, but it was actually better because he was less guarded back then. He is like, yay, it could go really badly, but we're gonna solve global poverty and wouldn't that be really good? We solve all technological and scientific problems and that's worth the tangible risk that things go really wrong and we destroy civilization. That's I think a relatively honest comment. It may be deranged, but an honest expression of what he thinks. And then people are like, oh, this might be a marketing strategy. It's like no, Tylenol wasn't like, we might poison the water stream and people have more Tylenol, but let's keep, this is like not a typical strategy and it's because I come from this mindset where number one, they are taught to quantify everything in probabilistic terms.


Which again, I think is more good than bad, but is not the way most people apart from me and other people in the river think about these things. And to think in terms of cost benefit analysis, you layer on top of that typical start out founder ego feeling like you're oppressed when you're actually very powerful. Right? Having this run of success, having lots of money and people who are synco fantic in your general orbit. Pat, we've not talked quite enough about just a lot of plain old competitiveness wanting to compete and win. Capitalism will triumph for better and worse because the people who wanna compete are gonna outcompete the people who don't wanna compete. Unless you entirely suppress competition, then competition's gonna win. It's a very hard problem to balance out. Nate, This has been awesome. I love your book.


One of the things I love that you point out in the book is like If you take right now the top 10 richest people in America, they're all self-made. Wow. If you go back a century, that list is mostly inherited wealth. That's a good thing. That's great. It's only in the top oh 0.0001%. It's 'cause if you're born on third base, just put your money in a trust fund, go do too much Coke. You don't really have much of an incentive. 'cause like what some of these people are doing is they keep blushing the horse when it's already dead. I'm mixing my metaphors here, right? But in some rational sense, when you sell your first startup for $50 million, just go buy a villa in Tuscany or something and have a great party with all your friends, be an angel investor, invest in a basketball team. But instead they kind of keep competing over and over and over again and doubling down over and over and over again.


And so by definition, it's like a poker tournament where the person who goes all in 10 times in a row and buy luck or skill, the combination really win these beds. Time times in a row. All of a sudden wealth multiplies exponentially and you're worth more money than half the countries on earth. Yeah. I mean, what is Elon's net worth compared to the GDP of most countries on earth? A lot of power accumulating in a very small number of people's Hands. It self accelerates. It's flubber Before the book, the print edition. You can kind of bounce your way through. I am partial to the audio book. That's what I did. I listened to it. We Cut out some of the things that are a little bit more detours. I'm actually partial to the audio book version. Yeah. Yeah. That's Malcolm too. Malcolm Gladwell says you should listen to his books. Constraints are good. I want kind of force you to like in the order of the author. Yeah. Yeah. Right, Right, right, right.


Well Nate, it's been a pleasure meeting you And happy birthday. Happy. Thank you. Thanks for joining us for your birthday. It was really fun. I thank you guys both. Oh, I look forward to your next book and happy birthday. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


We are supported by Prime video. You know that feeling when you go to log into a streaming service and you forgot your password or when you have to switch from app to app trying to find the movie you wanna watch. Stop wasting time toggling between the apps and start watching the content you want to watch right away. With Prime video. On Prime video, you can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV Plus and Paramount plus all in one app. That means more time watching and more time relaxing. I've got the perfect example. Arm Cherry favorite Matthew McConaughey is in so many of our favorite titles. You could have a Matthew McConaughey Marathon Day. Start with True Detective on Max, then check out the Lincoln lawyer on MGM Plus and top it off with Romcom Classic. How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days on Paramount Plus. That's a good way to spend a day. You can watch all of those titles and more without ever leaving the Prime video app. I think I may take a little Nicholas Cage binge on Amazon Prime. Oh my goodness, that sounds nice. No, sign me up. Streamline your streaming today. Check out subscriptions on Prime Video.


We are supported by Nordic Naturals. I love that name. Let's just start with the name. Nordic Naturals. Great name. I also love these products. You're in love with them. Yes. I already went through an entire magnesium. You did. You blasted through it. Blasted through. And a vitamin C. Well, did you know that more than 80% of Americans don't get enough Omega-3 fats from their diet? Count me in that. Yeah. We know that. Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega is trusted by doctors and healthcare professionals to deliver foundational Omega-3 fatty acid support for heart, brain, joint, and mood health, immune system function, and much more. Their bestselling Ultimate Omega fish oil provides concentrated Omega-3 support in an exceptionally fresh and pure formula without any fishy aftertaste. And if fish isn't your thing, their new Ultimate Omega plant-based soft gels deliver over a thousand milligrams of concentrated omega threes derived from algae. That's a much higher daily dose than most vegetarian options. Supercharge your nutrition with Nordic Naturals. Use promo code Dax for 15% off your next order@nordic.com. And experience the Nordic Naturals difference yourself. That's nordic.com and promo code Dax for 15% off.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. Their flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay, make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website. It's incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


Stay tuned for the fact check. It's where the, I am trying to taunt you. Have you noticed that My Diet Cokes says happy birthday, Dax. Oh, I didn't notice this. That my glass Bottle of Bc Is it from Bill? It's from my birthday, but they didn't come in time for my birthday. But was it from Bill Gates? No. Oh. I think Chris order them. Oh yeah. Oh cute. You're right. He has sent us Diet Cokes. It's a natural thought, but Thank you. Yeah. Is that diet or regs? Diet. This is an amazing ding, ding, ding. Oh, but for Next, a different guest Next. Yeah. Oh, okay. Well, year market. So how long did it take you to fall asleep?


I don't know. Because I listened to a few podcasts all the way through. Oh God. Yeah. And then I just let it turn off. And then I don't know when, how long after that, What podcast did you listen to Listen to? Nobody's listening. Right. Elizabeth and Andy. My favorite podcast. And then they start That's Your blankie? That's my, your binky. My my auto Auditory Blink. Binky. What's lovey? That's my lovey. Okay. Your stuffy. Your lovey. I never had one of those. A stuffy. Yeah. And then I wonder Yeah, you did. I mean I, I had stuffed animals. Okay. But I never had one that was like, I, you have to take it to the airport and on vacation and all these things that all the kids have.


I had three, but they didn't travel with me. I maybe brought one or two of them to my dad's on the weekends. Yeah. Aw. I, but I had three different bears. Do you still have any of it? I wish my mom is ruthless. Yeah, mine too. You know, I moved out. She just had like a garage sale and just fucking dumped all my stuff. Yep. Yeah. I know. But She mentioned buying my used teddy bear. She might have those away. DI Think this is a ding, ding ding. For real. It is. Long time coming. Oh, oh, oh. All right. We had delayed. Oh, lebert tea. Did you have lebert tea? Clean Lebert tea does look a little cleaner than normal.


I agree. Oh, there's the, you'll shit on the ears. Oh you'll, he's Fuck. He's pretty disgusting. But he does still look a, a little Horse His ass out. Or mules. He does look a little queen of usual. I'm hold for the listener. I'm holding Lebert tea. My beanie baby who's covered in poo poo. He's a mess. He's sort of my lovey. Just 'cause he had value and he was really exclusive. That's not the reason to have a lovey. He is my, my, my investment lovey. This is my 401k. What the I still remember them. What is on him?


Fecal matter? No, I mean it is like from a rat or something. No, I think he wiped with him. I Did Not. It looks like someone did. 'cause the back is spotless. It looks like someone grabbed him from the back. Listen and used him hopefully front to back. So my parents aren't, aren't I guess as ruthless as as your mom. But they are pretty bad. Like they just put everything in some big bags. Hold on. They're not even close. Do you? Everything you had as a kid is still in your room? No. 'cause my brother moved out. I mean, moved in. So then everything got thrown into the bags, catalogs, bags. Okay. And then thrown in the basement. But it was literally like everything, just like random, like a sticky note.


Is it? They just threw it all in a bag. Sure. So this lebert tea obviously got put thrown face down And then old coffee spilled at the bottom of the bag or something. I, yeah. I don't know. I think he was used to wipe, but He's still great. Take a big whiff of his face and see if there's any smell to him. Really? Get in there. I Know. I don't. Let me be the judge of this. Toss him over. Be careful. Okay. I will. And I love you. He is expensive. He used to be expensive. He is expensive. Yeah. That's, that's dung. No it is. Stop it. No, it doesn't. I don't anything smell it. Doesn. It doesn't smell. But boy, it does look like, listen, I'm not doodles. You're not gonna like what I'm about to say, but it's the truth.


This is on eBay right now for $700. No. Yes. With shit all over it. Well, no. Okay. A clean version in a box or something. Those Ones look clean. But that means they're not as unique as mine. Well that's for sure. This is the only poopy labert there is. That's Like a, it's like a Warhol. Like you took this cute valuable thing, wiped with it. Now that's a piece of art. Do you think I should auction this off? No. 'cause I would feel terrible for anyone who paid a lot of money for that. Maybe if they want it. Why? Why do you get to make the decision for people that I don't, you asked me if I thought you should and I'm giving you an honest answer. Yeah. 'cause you said you'll feel terrible protect, but you shouldn't feel terrible if they want it.


I want to protect them from themselves. Unless, Do you think people should smoke if they want? I don't think they should smoke. If they want. Yeah. If they want, fine. Great. But I don't think they should smoke if they think you'll like them more. Oh my goodness. Get that. Get that duty. Bear outta here. He's my friend. As long as you label it as duty bear for the sale of him. I feel totally ethical. Auctioning this off as even though it's a bit dirty. But what I will be honest about, and this is an important piece. It is missing its tag. The most valuable part.


Yeah. It's missing the heart thing that has its name. But his name is still on his butt. It says it on the tag here. What it Lacks he, he tags it makes up for and the briss all over his fur. Anyway, anyhow, I don't have any ies and well, I again, Why was, what were you waiting to bring it out? To tell me that there were $700 on eBay. Yeah. $700. There's a 6 7 1 for 674. One for seven 50 mm. 500. But this is like You thought at one point it Was worth 20 point 20,000. It was. He comes up in this episode. Right, Right.


Which Is why that's a ding, ding, ding. And he The shocker that Nate didn't offer to buy it. It was so valuable. Well, he was upstairs. That's why he didn't see him. He couldn't see him. Do you think, so Monica's now placed ti on her shoulder. Do you think that's your bad shoulder or your good shoulder? Is he telling you to do bad things are good things? So you're it or you're super ego? He's bad. He's Not. He looks like get He got in the trash, Got he's a malow animal. Eating up all those old caramels at the bottom of the trash can. Yeah. If you go to eBay, you're gonna get a nice guy. You're gonna give Angel Lebert tea.


But this is the only devil lebert tea in the whole world. That's the only I Yeah. Yeah. I have something I want to announce. Let's Hear it. I have a few things. Okay. First I don't think I've ever seen a response so consistent in the comments. Okay. The dog world is a blaze. Oh no. A, there's a fervor of recommendations. I told everyone not to get too excited. I opened up the comments for James Marsden, Little Jimmy Marsden. Little Jimmy Marsden. And nearly every comment said, Dex, please tell Monica she should get a miniature king salmon, Burmese Yorkshire pincher.


Like they were so specific, the different breeds you need. And everyone has a favorite breed. If you want to hear some testimonials, there are a couple hundred waiting for you. Okay. And then another thing I want to say is I read a great book by a friend of the pod's wife, Allison Grant, Adam's wife. Oh, Nice. She wrote a book called I Am the Cage. Ooh. And it's really, really good. It's about this young woman who's living in this like tiny little town in Wisconsin by the lake and walks to work and she doesn't want to see anyone and she doesn't want to be friendly.


And she, Is it a novel? Yes, it's a novel. Okay. And there's this huge snowstorm and she gets snowed into this house. She's renting. And then just the journey. She goes on in this Snowden thing. And then you're, you're getting all these flashbacks of her childhood having had this very specific surgery to lengthen a leg. Ding, ding, ding. Tell me. Remember we had, we had a guest on once whose brother had that surgery. Oh. And he passed away from it. Yeah. Horrible. Yeah. In the book, the character is told by the nurse like, you're in good hands.


He's the best in the country. And then she asks how many people do this procedure? And he is the only one. The horrificness of this procedure and how much it changed the course of her life and how it all comes into Wow. This inflection experience being snowed in. It's really, really Cool. I can't wait To read it. I'm so impressed. It's so beautifully written. And it's also, I think for people who are like, they're not extroverts. They don't want to talk to anyone. They don't want to comfort anyone. Yeah. Like it's, I would imagine it'd be liberating to hear someone speak so honestly about how much they dislike all these interactions. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. It's very brave. It's a very cool book.


I am The cage people sit in it. Is is it out? It's out on February 18th. Okay, great. So pre-order it. I really recommend it. It's fantastic. I'm the cage. I'll Read it. I don't read many novels. Yeah. And I was it kind of like, I could feel there was enough reality in it. Yeah. Well the best novels do that. Yeah. Yeah. You probably just haven't read any good ones. I've never read a good novel. That's what it is. Your Yeah. I really like reading novels. Yeah. I mean Feel a feel but a fantasy Girl. Girl, you're a cookie boy and a fantasy girl. I am both of those things. Yeah. I am. I'm a reality boy. Don't talk about unicorns or Sasquatch.


You have plenty of fantasies. Okay. You're a fantasy girl too. And a cookie Boy. And a cookie boy. I'm a reality girl too. Yeah. I don't mean to put you in a box. Yeah. Don't put me in a cage. Well, I am the cage. No, that's the title of the book. I am the Cage. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like, you know, to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me. Or screamed his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with them. Sage advice. Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Speaking of fantasy, we have an upcoming guest who we discuss fantasy with a bit. And I thought that was really interesting. Yeah. And very similar to your experience. It's a great survival mechanism. Yeah. Yeah. Until you don't need it anymore to survive. But you still use it Every now and then. Yeah. Yeah. I took a hike this morning. It's raining. Yeah, it is. Thank God we have to, we can only be grateful. I know, that's right. We Have no choice but to be very grateful. I agree. Considering the fire conditions. I agree. I agree. I agree. I love it. You are taking it better than normal. Which to me seems like proof of that. Thank You. I'm trying very hard. Are you? What? What does that entail?


You should look out the window and go, I love you Rain and just force yourself. No, to be clear, it is raining. It's been raining for the past couple days. I have seasonal effect disorder, sad, self-diagnosed, and I am about to start my period. These are, there's lots going on. Double whammy that generally speaking, I can predict what kind of mood I will be in. Yeah. But I And Is it helpful to go, yeah. I feel like shit, but I know it's 'cause of these things. Does that of course like mitigate how much suffering there is? There's, Yes. There's many things at play. I'm starting to feel like really agitated.


Yeah. It's that Right. Not the person, It's not the thing or the, or the person or whatever. Yeah. And so that's helpful to know. Yeah, I do that. Yeah. Really helps. I mean you gotta do it with children. Oh, I bet. Yeah. Like if you're, if you're depressed, your children, the little things that you can overlook start becoming annoying. Sure. And then I have to go, it has nothing to do with them. You just feel this way. It really is effective. I guess that's Ccbt. It's also I feel like you've been in a low mood. Yeah. Yeah. I had a good couple, three weeks of feeling Down. Depressed. Depressed.


Yeah. Yeah. And that is clear to me. Right. And we've talked, we have talked about it on here. Yeah. But the thing you don't always agree with, But that I really do think is true is that you can only have a hundred percent of an emotion in the room. Oh yeah. Or between two people or whatever. Yeah. And I feel that like when you are not at your happiest Yeah. Oh, it's not my turn to also be in that head space. Like yeah. It's my turn to be the other type of person in this, in this setting. Yeah. Or in this duo. So I don't know. I, I find that sort of liberating.


It's, it's like, okay, I actually, this isn't the time because you, for me to indulge my thing Because you learn, you can control it if you're forced to. It's not that set in stone. There it is. I am able to overcome it. Yes. If I need to. And the rain makes me gloomy, but I haven't really been that gloomy. I'm super lucky because I, in the morning open up my drapes and I go to meditate and often I start meditating while it's still dark out. And by the time I'm done, the light has come up. That's Nice. There's Just mist and there's trees. Yeah. And it's a, a luxury. I'm lucky you like that.


I can like, I can recognize how unbelievably beautiful it is. Like an impressionist painter would be painting that not the normal day that I see. Right. So that's a huge advantage. That's nice. So I was looking at it and I was like, I don't know why gorillas in the miss is so seared into my mind. But I think maybe that was the first time I saw that kind of tropical misty foliage. Yeah. It really captivated my imagination when I was younger. And so anytime I see like Columbia, when they show the mountainside and it's like very damp and moist. I love it. So I was looking at it, I was like, oh, I can't wait to go hiking in there. There's gonna be like, the visibility will be low. There was virtually no one out there.


Which is never the case. Yeah. The rain will do That. To the point where I was like, is it shut down again? And I'm now doing it again. Oh. But no, I saw a couple other folks. I wonder if aversion terrain slash seasonal affective disorder slash that is is like misophonia. Like it could, it's a gene Probably. Because you're talking about the mist. Yeah. And I want, I want, I'm like trying You can Intellectually Yes. Understand. I understand. It's like atmosphere in a movie. Like they pump scenes full of dust so that there's a texture to the air. Yes. And so it's so cinematic when it's like this. It's just very beautiful. The greens are greener. It's filtering out different kinds of light.


I know. But I Don't care. I don't like it. Yeah. You want bright hot sun. I really do. Quite light. But I wanna like it. Maybe that'll be my New Year's resolution in this year. The new, the new year started again in February. Yeah, I feel it. Yeah. My mood broke almost on February F1. Yeah. Day before or something. God, should I tell you something embarrassing? Well, let me first say that. Whiskey. Well what's related to that? W Whiskey has diarrhea as cage four nights in a row. Oh. He has Noro. The fact that Chris hasn't killed herself yet.


She's been up every night for the last four nights. Dealing With that. Dealing With his, Can he wear a diaper? He should. Well he went to the vet yesterday. Oh. And he, by the way, you know, he's such a ra. He's such a bastard. Not even a rascal. He's a bastard. I Know. They Put him in a cone and all, they couldn't, they, you can't even approach him. So they had to anesthetize him just to like, take his blood and he could Run some tests. Yeah. He's so, so when he came home, he was completely fucked up. Right. He was fucked up. All it's, I was jealous. I'm like, what'd they give him that last 14 hours? Very, none of the drugs I ever took lasted that long. He's very small. He's down one way. He's Almost as small as Liberte. He Is. So he did not have any s last night, which was great. Great. So I woke up in the middle of the night to pee as I do two or three times.


And I was peeing and I farted and I was half asleep. And then I went and was about to lay back in bed. And I was like, did I, is there a little, oh you had, is there a little? Did something come out? Oh wow. And then I went and sat back, I sat on the toilet Sure. And fired up the brol, the butt washer. Yeah. And I, I had had a little duty, which never has happened in the middle of the night. Were you wearing your underwear? Yeah. Oh no. Did it get any? Well No. I was wearing my sleep pants. No panties. Just my sleep. Oh, I okay pants. But you were covered. But I didn't get anything on anything. It was just a tiny bit of Oh yeah.


Do you think? But I could, I got really clo I just, what I guess the point of this story is I got hugely lucky 'cause I didn't notice and I was just about to lay down and then that would've probably caused an issue where I would've to change my clothes and, And then Chris might've had to clean up your duty too? No, she was downstairs on watch for the other duty boy. Oh wow. So Everyone was celebrating this morning that there was no ha And I don't, I didn't have the heart to say there was something like my, there Was just a tiny, Tiny bit. I think it's 'cause Well my hunch is I sold myself on the notion that I might be able to eat this sourdough bread that Kristen's making.


Like I really want to be able Of course to, to have no gluten. Yeah. In the first round, which was pretty dense. 'cause she used a flour without gluten and she's like, let's go half and half and then she made that and it was so good. And I, Oh, half and half with gluten. Yeah. Got it. And it was much better. Of course. It cooked better. It was fluffier. It was so delicious. And I had a couple slices in the morning. Okay. And I think that's why I Whiskey, whiskey last night. You Ton. Good. Please Use to please Use the Correct. We know what a Tonka is. Oh, you don't wanna, this doesn't count 'cause it's too tiny. Tiny. This isn't No. What happened? I don't wanna, We know Tonka what that means.


It's not a like a little Oopsy, almost miss. It's like animal estate. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm not gonna give, I'm not gonna talk about it. But we had similar situations sort of, sort of last night. Yeah. Sort of. Not really, but wait. Interesting that you in your new outfit. Yeah, but nothing, I didn't have any poop. But Want you, I Don't talk about it. Why just was so, so vulnerable? I'm so revealing it. You Always are. Oh, well women can't get away with that Kind of thing. Yes, they can. Everyone. No, they can't. I didn't poop. I didn't Are you sure? But I, I'm sure. But I, I just had a situation that's a little tangential to yours with no poop, But you just got your outfit down in time.


No Situation. There was no poop. Okay. No poop. Interesting. I, I just, something interesting and novel Okay. Happened. Okay, we'll leave it at that, In that space. Okay. In the bathroom? No. Okay. Okay. Facts. This is for Nate Silver. Will you eventually write a tell all when you're like 60 and we'll hear all these stories. I hope There's, there, There's only a Hollywood tell all, and it's just all about your Tonka experiences. There's only been, I've only Tonka once. Right. Okay. In my life. And no one ever this other situation, this Isn't worth, this would not even make like Okay, Great.


A chapter. Okay, great. It's like at best two lines. Okay. In a more like a quote, A greater story I put in my memoir. Like just a quote. Yeah. It's like under the title, the little like quote, it's nothing. Okay. Okay. Speaking of gross things. Yeah. Salmon semen skincare. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. This is all the rage. And it's because salmon sperm shares a lot of DNA with us. Okay. And so we used to have vampire facials. I mean, they still do them, but that's where they would like take your blood out and then Spin it.


Yeah. Kinda like Get the platelets or something. Yeah. They spin it and ju it and then they put it back in. Do you think it's STEM celly? I think they're kind of trying to make it Yeah. They were, look, I allegedly, I never did it. And then I am not Going to try it. No, I'm not. Okay. But it was a thing. But you do want the salmon ejaculate. I'm Interested in that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Salmon ejaculate is the actual Clinical term. Where have you found a place in LA that does salmon Ejaculate? No, it's not FDA approved. Oh, I'm so shocked. Yeah. It's not FDA approved yet, but If you go to South Korea, you can get it. Oh, That. So If you thought about, If you fantasize about taking a trip there, I do wanna go to South Korea.


They Just do a week of face stuff. Yeah. Because they're, they're supposed to be at the very cutting edge, right? Yes. There's a podcast I love called Eyewitness Beauty and Nick Axelrod, one of the hosts, he goes and he once got something called like small face. Oh, what's that? I think it made his face small. Oh Wow. Wow. Yeah. Wow. So they do all kinds of things. Wow. Now it's called Rin Rin, it's a long chain polynucleotide, DNA of salmon milk in micro droplets under the skin of the face and neck. One of the main ingredients is hyaluronic acid.


So, oh, we have a friend who's done this, by the way. Well hold on a second. Okay. So under the skin. So they're shooting it into you? Yeah. Yeah. They, it's not a topical. Right. Just like the vampire facial where it's like, oh, They put it in. Yeah. Oh, We have a friend who did this. She went to South Korean. She did this. She say that the results were, She said the Results. Did she look incredible? I haven't seen her in a while. Okay. I might see her at the Super Bowl. Okay. But she's said she's gotten a lot of compliments and that she, she looks visibly different. Oh wow. I know. Wow. And it's supposed to improve elasticity, reduction of fine lines and wrinkles. Increase skin hydration and improved healing capabilities of the skin from damage. How Do we know it's not just filler?


Maybe it's just working the same as filler. If you're putting a needle under the skin and putting volume in there. No, No. 'cause scars. Okay. It's like helps. Getting rid of it helps with like skin clarity. Okay. So once it gets FDA approved, You're gonna get it. I'm really, I'm not gonna get it. Oh, You're not. No kidding. This is confusing. I'm for sure gonna Get it. I know. I'm kidding. I I'm kidding. I'm not kidding that this is a thing and people do find, or people like it. I wonder What the price tag is on this procedure. Yeah. That I don't know. But also I, And I would want wild salmon ejaculate, not farm raised e ejaculate. Well, that's the thing. Yeah. We gotta get the right type Wild. I want it wild. He talked about gay men of his cohort being quite successful.


And it's true. And there is a lot of current research on this group right now. Adult gay men tend to have a higher rate of educational attainment compared to straight men with a significantly larger percentage earning college degrees and advanced degrees like a PhD, md or jd. This is often attributed to factors like a strong drive to excel academically in the face of potential societal challenge. I would say good boy syndrome, which Jeniah told us about. Yes. You gotta be perfect in all other domains. Yeah. And then also huge incentive to leave your small town. Yeah. To go to a university. I Think that's true. If I was gay though, my conclusion would BC we're smarter. That could be. That'd Part Of it be, yeah, that would be, that would imp employ my ego better.


We need to get, we need to get a Charles Bell curve, Charles on, on that, on that one. I'm sure He is already on it. Acronym. This is a huge development for us. I've now used the term like three times. Yeah. It's an acronym deliberately formed from a phrase whose initial letters spell out a, spell out a particular word or words either to create a memorable name or as a fancy, full explanation of awards words origin. That's very confusing. I, I Was gonna say, you've explained it to me now four times and I don't know what it means. And I couldn't make one. I, I can't really comprehend what's being said.


I don't understand that definition. But I understood his, which is basically like you work backwards. Okay. You have the acronym, You found an acronym you love. Yes. Swati. Swattie. Then you find the letters that go into it. Right. Okay. I mean, I'm sorry. The words that match those letters as opposed to you create the phrase or the tenets and then you take that now it Makes, yeah, that makes perfect sense. I hope I'm right about that. Yeah. Fantasy baseball, it dates back to 1980. It was originally known as the Rotisserie Baseball magazine editor. Dan Re and some friends created the game at a restaurant in Manhattan.


Oh. Now the price of bitcoin today. Okay, here we go. The Bitcoin ticker tape podcast with your host Monica Padman. $96,428 22 cents. It's a drop in. It's Dropping. Don't come at me. It's not Our Fault. Don't come after me. It's not. Although I would start to think we're jinxing it. If I were a heavily invested in Bitcoin, I started a new book. Oh my God, you are reading so much. I had no interest in Sam Frankman Free. But now here he was in Nate's book. And then who's our man who, Michael.


Who wrote the Big Short Lewis? Michael Lewis. I was just perusing titles. And Michael Lewis came up, but then I was like, oh, well I'll read his most recent book. I've liked the other ones. And it's about Sam Beekman Friedman Bankman Fried. Yeah. So now I'm gonna learn more about this guy. It's so weird. I, I have no interest in learning about him. And now I'm here I am again and I'm enjoying it. You're Being so prolific with your books. I'm sorry to say, I still haven't even finished Inter Metso. Oh. And we're supposed to do a puzzle on here. You were supposed to give the example from the book couple. Fuck yeah. Episode. Luckily we threw them a bone with the dog.


This dog thing. They're off the sand. But a couple people did bring a, Hey, are you doing Okay? Well, we already went too long, so next week we'll do the riddle. We'll try, let's see, we're gonna try, We'll do the riddle from Interm meso, but also haven't even finished it. And I was supposed to, I was supposed to read it at Christmas. Oh no. And now it's February, but really January. Right. So it's fine. That's it. Oh, wonderful. Well, I enjoyed Nate Silver. Me too. What an interesting guy and an interesting life Way outside of what I can comprehend. Yeah. Yeah. I can find no purchase in this statistical modeling world. I barely understand it.


I Think we have an idea that gambling is like dirty and bad. Yeah. And then statistics is smart and Yes. And this stock market also is good. Exactly. And it's all the same thing. Yep. It's all gambling, it's all risk. It's all percentages. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Very cool. All right. Young lives. Alright, love you. Bye. Love you. Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey everyone, it's your girl, Kiki Palmer. Did you know I host a podcast called Baby? This is Kiki Palmer and you're not going to believe the conversations I've had. Like, is OnlyFans only bad? How has dating changed in the digital age? What's the deal with Disney Adults? I've talked to John Stamos, the vp, Kamala Hers to Jordan Peele, Raven Simone, and yes, the one and only Jamila Jamil. And just wait until you hear our conversation. We talk Twitter drama, bad dates, and then how the hell do you actually get sexy? Like, what the hell does that mean? Like, I know how to be funny. I know how to be like, you know what I'm saying? Exactly. Like I don't really know how to be like, and take your clothes. I'm not robbing fucking givens. You know, it's like how do people do That? I've been in this situation too many times and not, not felt any of those things. The Girl Eyes. Yes. Yes. The quiet. Like I've never been quiet a moment in my fucking life. Yes. On baby, this is Kiki Palmer. No topic is Off Limits. Follow baby. This is Kiki Palmer on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.