
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Buck Rogers and I'm joined by Gene Lightyear. Hi. Hello. Returning guest, but long, long time. Long, Long Time, seven years long time. Nick Kroll, an actor, a writer, a comedian, a producer. He does it all. Big Mouth Kroll Show. The league says Party eighth and final season of Big Mouth Out on the 23rd. Yes, and it's spectacular. I watched it. It's spectacular. It is a Laugh Riot. He's one of those guys in the comedy space that just has so many things going on at all times and it's awesome.


Busy Couple weeks for him because also on the 28th he has the FX show Adults. It's on Hulu and on fx. And then he has a new movie out on June 6th. I don't understand you. Those are the many projects and offerings of Nick Kroll. Please enjoy Nick Kroll.


Get into your body's vitals with the Vitals app on Apple Watch. I want get The Vitals app tracks key overnight metrics so you can spot changes in your health before you feel them. The Vitals app on Apple Watch iPhone 10 s are later required. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use.


This podcast is sponsored by Apple TV plus presenting the hit series Slow Horses, a darkly comedic drama that follows a team of British intelligence agents who serve in a dumping ground department of MI five. Due to their career ending mistakes. The brilliant Emmy-winning espionage drama has been nominated for 13 awards this year and has received two BAFTAs. The Fantastic Ensemble Includes Academy Award winner, Gary Oldman, Jack Lowden, Kristen Scott Thomas, Jonathan Price and Moore. Catch up on the show. Critics are calling so much damn fun. It's Five Stars and one of the most sensational shows on television Slow Horses is streaming on Apple TV plus more@fyc.apple tv plus.com.


He's in, Let me warn Monica that I'm early 'cause I'm always late. Good to see You. Good to see you too. Welcome Back. Thanks. Fun Pants have arrived. We got a couple pairs of fun pants. Oh my God. Different versions of fun pants here. Wow. And then we've got a really understated guy. Classic, a guy who's realized that piece comes from inside and not out. Little denim. Yeah. You're Not into the presentation of it all.


Well, this has an explanation and I'm, I'm curious, do you ever buy stuff off Instagram, the ads that are curtailed to you? Because I've decided it's time to enter my aging Japanese sculptor age and I would almost put those pants in that space. I agree. Versus you know, go ahead. Because I haven't wrapped my head around what they are yet. Like a well to do Carney on vacation. But can we also just throw in Goggins, like a hands hint of maybe Goggin? Sure, sure. That we're going for Unintentional. But I can tell you what really happened was I see an ad, they weren't these and I was like, those look fun. Maybe I would wear those in the summertime. A light pan.


Yeah. Ordered them. And then it was like when funding gets complete and I was like, I didn't know this was a Oh yeah. Business model. Oh yeah. You know about it. No. Wait, I thought this was a scam. You're saying like once we raise enough capital, yes we might actually be able to produce the product that we're selling you. That's a business model now. Wow. That I didn't know about. And they're selling them And it appears they've already made 'em, but I don't know if it was maybe just a digital whatever. I took a fucking gamble and then like months later they raised funding, they arrived. Can I Feel Them? Yeah. And then I went on and I just said, I'm gonna only wear these all summer. So I ordered every version they make and I'm waiting for funding. But these ones just kidding. So they're like, we're still raising for a second round.


You don't know how many different patchworks. We need so many old lady blankets to make these pants. Yeah, They do. Look, look Quilted. They're not pricey. Guys. I ordered once off Instagram. They were like short little cool pants. Then I realized they were coming from a bizarre Chinese address and then they came and they were truly the worst material and like a tiny pant. But I do wanna talk about the sponsors here tonight. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You guys got please Instagram? Is Instagram a sponsor? They're a huge, they're our only sponsor. Congrats. But yes, I feel guilty. And the way I've talked myself out of the guilt is like yeah, who knows what the sizing is whenever you order online. But I'm not gonna go to a store. I get so sleepy when I shop.


You shut down. Yes. Do you ever go with your wife somewhere and she wants to shop on Your own? You might be into shopping on your own, we don't know. Or you dress up like your wife and go shopping on your own. Yes. I walk into a store with either my daughters or my wife and the very first thing I do is look for Look for the chair. Yeah, yeah, yeah It is. There's so many dads on chairs in stores. It's true. That would be a thing. Dads on chairs like Instagram. That would be a talk show I would watch if it was just like dads on chairs. You'd come in and you'd be like, what's going on? How you find outta the family? What female in your life is shopping for what? Yes. I definitely shut down. I will go in very occasionally and then I will pull the ripcord and I don't know that's any better. 'cause you put it on there and you're like, this is a bingo.


You bring it home and then still somehow something went wrong. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So my thing is just like I just order stuff and then I try it on and I go, great. Someone in LA is gonna get a great pair of pants. It goes straight to Goodwill. Oh really? You just smart. Yeah. So there's just like a stream of stuff going to Goodwill that still has the tags on it. I would like to find better. This is terrible. I want better than Goodwill. Yeah, I know what you mean. Well RealReal, what I worry is that some guys gonna go in pull Dak Shepherd's very nice unworn pants, then sell them at a high end resale. Oh. I feel like there are good charities that are people who are looking for work and so they need nicer interview clothing. Yes. Or stuff like that. I like that. But I need to find those names. So callers, can you hit us up also just to push back a little bit.


Hard to hate on a hustler. I know like if there's someone combing through. Sure. Absolutely. And they profit off my thing. He's putting in the Work And it is a he it He, it's a he. It's, we know it's unfortunately it's a he. It's hard to hate a hustler. He, my pronouns are hustler him. So yeah. It's been seven years since you were here. Wow. And if I had bumped into you on the street last month and said randomly, how long do you think it's been since you were on? What would you have said? What I remember originally from that conversation. 'cause I went back and listened a little bit today. 'cause I was like, where was I? Where were we? What was happening and what year was it? What I remember was I was talking about getting a car and what car I should get because I had like a little Audi a three Nice enough but slightly understated.


And you were like, go for it man. Fucking get the car you want. So I got a Tesla. Oh okay. Okay. I got a Tesla. Congrats. And this is before any salutes happened. I was like, yes, I deserve a big, beautiful, luxurious fast car. And I had it for like two years. I liked how it drove, but then I started to not like how the service was. There were elements to it that ultimately felt like a reflection in a way of Musk. Ah. There's a certain abstinence to how it operated as a company that I began to be like, I don't like how this is making me feel. And then I also started having kids and I didn't wanna sedan with car seats.


So anyway, it made me think about when was I thinking about a Tesla? I was like, oh, this is before the pandemic. And I realized it's been seven years. So I knew it was in that 20 19, 20 18 region. If we bumped into each other, my guess would've been I think three and a half. I guess I'm wondering, is your time now warped as you age? Like mine is? Yeah. Well I think time is hurdling past time is moving at a rapid pace. And I think about this a lot. It's partly due to us getting older and every day is shorter. Fractionally less. Yes. I now have family. Every window of time is now taken up more than it used to be. And I think also the phones and screens are just such that now there's no downtime in any way.


Every moment is filled with something like a great podcast like armchair. Sure, sure, sure. Great way to spend three and a half hours. Wow. You're right. That's a new element. I haven't incorporated into my overarching theory on it. Accelerating there was so much more boredom. And boredom takes longer. Yes. I can't go to the bathroom without pulling out my phone. I know. Yeah. Know it's taking a picture of my body. Yeah. Sending it to photograph of my body, my physical body, my physicality and my body. And I send it to you for your leisure, for your entertainment, for your critique. I think it's only been three years. I do have seven years of photos of you. And I love mapping the progress and it's been a rollercoaster and I appreciate you letting me know that.


That's fair. But I do think time seems to be moving at a pace that feels unparallel in my life and untenable. Untenable. Yes. Yes. Oh, it's all culminating to something. I think COVID fucked with it too. Those couple years. Those years are kind of gone. They're A blur. It's a smear. It is seven years. So COVID falls right in the pocket of that time. Now, last interview, I don't remember that I hit you with anything really. Got you. But I do have a single Got this one. I'm gonna go a little harder's today. Okay. So I immediately start sweating. Start taking up. Here comes. Here it comes. I've been waiting. I've waiting here. It's okay. You turn down. Nobody wants this pause.


And so my question is, this is huge. Why didn't you want to kiss my wife slash How long have you been closeted? These are great questions. I have been in the closet about not wanting to kiss your wife for years. For years I've pretended to be charmed and delighted by her. That makes sense. So this is a great Gotcha. By the way, I wouldn't have even known I was FaceTiming with Kristen. Yeah. Right before this. I go, I have Nick and she goes, Oh yeah, you know, he turned down. Nobody wants this. And I was like, oh my God. Thank you. Thank you for giving. I did my research. Thank you. All these years in, I'm still doing my research. I didn't know that.


Well you didn't know down. Didn't that you Okay, here's remember you take your jacket off. Yeah. This is like Matt Damon turning down avatar and missing out on $250 million. Do you know that story? No. He tells it openly. It's wonderful. He was offered 10% of Avatar on the phone with James Cameron to be Signor Weaver. And I said everything right here. Yes, absolutely. To be Signor Weaver, you cannot ignore Signor Weaver. Wait for real. Yes. Yeah. Before the first movie. Okay. So I'm in bed with my wife making, because I'm a straight man. You're temporarily out of the closet. I'm temporarily in bed with your wife As evidence inspired child. Yes. Both of my children who we conceived and you're holding them like a strong patriarch, a marital bed as heterosexual husband and wife, lovers.


My wife is like, I started watching the best show and I was like, oh cool. What's it called? She's like, nobody wants this. And I was like, oh. And then I was like, oh. She's like, I love it. And I was watching it. I was like, oh my God. It's like you. It's so weird. It could be you. It's like hot rabbi. It's like you, this is the kind of Rohan I'm always telling you. Yeah, you should do. And I was like, I honestly do love Kristen. I couldn't want to kiss this fucking woman less. Yes, of course. Oh yeah. You're like, is there any kissing? Yeah. Ew. Well, and that's like a cooties thing and that's a long time. That's a light eye. And you're married now and you refuse to do Right. Romantic roles. Well, 'cause my wife wants to kiss your wife and so she would've been jealous of me.


Yeah, correct. And I can't have that. You Could break up the Marriage. It's like a movie by that guy who does those kinds of movies. Yeah, yeah. The Carol Todd Hayes. Todd Haynes. Good. Is that it? And when Monica Edits, you're gonna go like that guy Todd Hayes. Is it Hayes? Be Hayes. Oh, Haynes. You got it. You got It. Oh, I meant Todd Hayes. This is a guy who's making movies in the valley. I'm involved with investing and stuff. So I was like, I think they maybe offered this show to me. And then I went back and I wasn't sure if they had offered it to me or if they just wanted to talk to me about it. And I still don't quite know whether it was this is yours or you're one of people. 'cause when I read it I was like, this is good. Kristen's amazing.


But they should cast Adam Brody to be this guy. Wow. Well hold on a second. Wow. I swear to God. Okay, great. By the way, I didn't know till today they offered it to you. But when I read it I was like, you gotta get Brody. He's the only option. Yes. Because he's the only symmetrical Jew. He is heart throb Jew. Can I have a tissue? Yeah, Absolutely. Give a whole box. Oh my God. Dax, that was so aggressive. That was meant to be aggressive. This was not Oh, can I have that over here? Oh yeah, absolutely. I'm gonna take one from me. Do you mind if I just spit Louies out while he in his monocle with Pat test? I'm just a disgusting mess of coffee. He's constantly knows. Blowing. So you have children and you're just sick for six years. Oh, that's on camera.


Oh okay. That's so good. But let's leave the drink. Just put that on the floor. Yeah.


I'm sorry to do this. Kleenex is a personal sponsor and I travel with my sponsors. Show it a show. So if this is okay, we could just do this. We should do a celebrity line of Kleenex. Nobody has touched that space. Nobody's touched it. They think Kleenex just 'cause they got the branding on it. I could see your faces on the Kleenex box. How cute. And we're both blowing our nose in a very cute and appealing way. Sick. Little cutie. Why did I turn that down? I'm a sick little kid. I'm gonna sniffle him. Sick little kid. Nobody wants this. Nobody wants this cold.


Wow. But Brody, I remember checking him, but I think he's half Jewish. Which explains the square. The Jews are all kind of angles and circles. Yeah. And he's got enough of it. It's in the eyes. You feel the sweet kindness of it. Yes. Yeah. But then there's like still the square shape of it all. I keep doing this. Does that make sense? Yes. Yeah, it does. It Does. Now did you go so far as to go back through your emails to see? Yeah, you did. It was an offer. I don't, I don't remember. I don't know if I fully went back through. Have I regretted it? Watching Adam? Absolutely. Just fucking fuck it. One of the biggest shows on Netflix ever. And people fall in love with him all over again. Yeah. Do you care or not care?


There's so many elements that go into these things, especially as you have a family and just choices change slightly where you're like, how does this work? Life just becomes a much more complicated puzzle of can I go and make this thing? Literally it was dead in the middle of when we were having our baby. There were a lot of elements that went into it and yeah, if you've asked me if I've watched it, I have not. I cannot watch it. Oh, that's fantastic. Have you had anyone where you really wanted it? Oh, someone else got it. It's still smarts when I go out for things. But as a producer and maker of things, you really take the heat off of yourself and others. When you don't get something for various reasons, you can still be very, very good and not write for this based on the particular part or the equation that they are putting out.


So major reason I became a writer and producer was to avoid the powerlessness of being cast. I cannot recede this much control. I cannot handle that. So I need to start making things so that I can start to be the one who controls holding the string fali, the Jewish monster controlling the media property. That was my take on. Nobody wants this and they didn't want that. They didn't want my take. She was monster. Those two words heard never together. I think they're heard together quite a bit these days. The one that I'm dealing with right now, Jesse Armstrong's, HBO movie. The guy who made succession.


Yes, yes, yes. There is a part in there. I got set and they were like, Jesse Arm's doing this thing. Pll Rami, Jason Schwartzman succession to me is just the best thing made. Perfect. It's perfect. This one is about billionaires on a mountaintop over like a weekend. Ooh. And they're all tech billionaires. And I was like, it's rare that a part or a group of people feels like I feel real for that. Let me be a shitty little tech billionaire in that thing. Overcoming a lot of childhood trauma of being overlooked and then trying to rule the world. Yes. Because no one wanted to kiss you. Exactly. Then coming down to this big massive story about where we are as a culture and humanity. Then boiled down to like a beautiful personal story. I auditioned my family, put me on tape, self tape, self tape, self tape on like a Sunday after a brunch.


It was the only time to get it done. You're so full. That's relevant. Where you do vol. It was like a family brunch. We had to do the family brunch. Okay. And then I was like, I Don dunno when I'm gonna do this tape. My wife's like, let's do it right now. And so I fucking did it. You can hear my son screaming in the background on the tape and I send it in. You're waiting and waiting and waiting. And then did you get it? No. Oh no. I can hear. I didn't know that was the end. You seen the fucking trailer. I'm not in it. I know all those guys a little bit except Cory. Michael Smith, who I adore. We love him. I love his height. I love his three first names. Yeah. So I watched that trailer and I'm like, oh, those guys are all great. This is gonna be great. But boy oh boy, did I want to fucking be in that so badly.


Yeah. Yeah. I have no beef towards any of them except Your son. You resent your son, I assume. Yeah. I blame My family. Yeah. Yeah. I You really should. You should brunch My son. You should watch it with him. This is what daddy should doing. If he hadn't done what he did, you couldn't control your emotions for four minutes while he self taped. But you know, I do just want to put a fine point on that. I too have been liberated by casting people. I just wish every actor could start casting. Yes. Because man, it takes all the fucking onus off your shoulders. Yeah. You're just like, you are great, but you are not right for this. Yeah. So be it. However, the other part of casting I will say is that certain people are undeniable.


Yeah. And every once in a while you're like, they're not exactly right. But they are undeniable and so we are going to cast them. They force you to rewrite your original idea. And in my worst moments I'm like, but if I were undeniable. Yeah. We all just wanna be undeniable. Undeniable. Okay. Well that was great. You turned on. Nobody wants. And I think that'll be a hot story. Headlines flying. Oh my God. Yeah. People are gonna be, that's unknown. So thrilled by what the final outcome is. How much do you guys consult each other about the stuff you do? Quite a bit. She has To get permission obviously. Yes. I only let her work. That's a given.


Okay. Okay. I guess that's stupid. That's yeah. Making sure you knew that. Yeah. Because of the modern times. I was trying to be polite. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So if I've decided it's in the window, I want her to work. If I've decided she's done having children, we have such opposite personalities. I know what she'll get in love with and she'll get blinded by this one element. And then I'll just be the little voice going, well you also need a really good director. Or you also need blank. And then conversely she'll be monitoring my ego and my low self-esteem and reminding me, you know, we help each other in that way. Do you have that? I do have that with my wife right now. There's the creative stuff of like, I'm excited by this. She'll be like, that's great. For example, the Jesse Armstrong thing, you also have indigestion, which is like the triple crowns coming if if you break a bone.


So this cough that you're gonna hear, I've had for three weeks, I've two children under five I believe. I've had walking pneumonia like oh no. Three times in the last year. And I'm coughing up. I mean this is just the reality. You're month of hyper five hypering. Your kids are older than mine. Oh yeah. But you're still carrying, we just got healthy last year. After 12 years. I seem to be coughing up And it's all color based where I'm like, Oh yeah, it's not this green. So everything's okay. I can be in public. I just call the doctor and I'm like, it's this. It's sort of between Arm hair, yellow, this yellow, It's just banana yellow. It's kind of banana yellow. Can you see this paisley in here? Can you see the color? Sometimes it's this, so I'm not that worried. Call me when it's kiwi inside of a kiwi and tell me when the seeds start coming out and you have your Z-Pak.


I did start and I try to avoid antibiotics 'cause I'm RFK till I die, which I think will be sooner than I think he's a great role model. Yeah. Germ theory is a joke. But I did finally lock into the antibiotics. I was like, I gotta do a bunch of press stuff. I gotta get clean. Gotta detox. Now here I am on day three of the Z-pack, just like, and the indigestion. Why didn't I play the rabbi anyway? My wife, I trust her opinion on things. What she's really good at is also being like whether the piece of material is whatever it is. And sometimes that's just for me to figure out. She will monitor. Does this seem like this something that feels exciting to you or something that you wanna do versus intellectually a good decision?


Yes. Does this spark joy and excitement? Yeah. Now, you know, since I interviewed you, I don't know if this is a fair assessment, but I had this, and maybe I told you then I don't think I was brave enough to, but I have admired your choices from the get go. Truly. And I guess my conclusion was, and maybe it was just to mitigate my judgment of myself, but do you think knowing your dad has money has helped? Yeah, we did. I actually went back and listened. We did that. Yeah. It was interesting 'cause I went back and was listening to our podcast on the way here. They do my research like you do. Yeah. Yeah. I was FaceTiming with Kristen. You should have She. She tell you I was not offered any roles and nobody wants this. They offered you to play her sister.


Yeah, we covered that a little. And it was interesting. And I think it was sort of a realization in that interview where I was like, oh, this is so interesting to go back and hear yourself or a conversation you had seven years later how your mind works where you still will pop up with a similar thought or I'll record my standup and I'll improvise in a moment and I'll be listening back and my mind will have a very similar idea. Again. It makes you be like, boy, I'm not fucking that interesting. No, no. Boy, I'm not a multidimensional. No, it just means you believe what you're doing. Yeah. Your mind goes to a similar place. So I was listening to it and I was like, oh wow, I hadn't talked about that much. And it was very kind of you to say. And I do think the major advantage of my parents growing up very comfortable and very privileged was the luxury of choice. And so as I had my career, I could make choices based on the fact that I had a backstop.


If it didn't work, I was gonna be okay. That has been the great freedom of that has allowed me to make decisions based on that. What has changed is now that I have a family and now that I have responsibilities beyond myself, I feel a greater pressure and decisions that are weighed by more than just pure. Does this spark joy? Well, my immediate thought was not to try to res shame you from being privileged. No, I do that to myself constantly. And if you want to go to the internet, they've been doing a great job of it as well for years. I wondered more, because you do produce things now and there is an element of your now growing business. By the way, my favorite production company name I've ever seen, you know his production company's named Good at Business.


Right? Is that what it's Yes. That's fantastic. Yes. Good business. Good. It was Bobby Bottle Service. My old character would be like, I'm good at business. Those guys all wanna be good at business. And I wanted to change it at some point. And then I was like, no, I think that's just it. Don't ever change it. It's so, so good. As a performer, you just wanna be ignited and have fun and be engaged and keep that momentum going. As a producer, it's a different endeavor. You must consider the marketplace. That also is another advantage. As my dad built a business and I got to watch him have a business. That was a major benefit to me in innumerable ways, but particularly in understanding the literal economics, but less the economics, more just the managing of something.


And particularly my dad was an entrepreneur and built stuff. And so in building a business, I just saw it growing up. Whereas it sounds like you talked about how you grew up, that wasn't around. So you learning how to build a business had to come innately from yourself. What I did see, I want to give my dad credit. My dad was an entrepreneur. He started many businesses and they would work out for a while and he would buy a bunch of stuff and then he would go bankrupt and just over and over again. Gotcha. Gotcha. He was a passionate guy at starting things and not a great manager of things. And that is a distinction was probably your healing has been like build something and then maintain it, protect it, be a good steward of it. Yes. And I would say that as I continue to make things and watch other people make things, and the difference between people who really successfully make things and the people who struggle to make things that really blossom is the ability to start something, have an idea that's great, but then continue to fucking grind it until it's right.


'cause we know a lot of people in our business who have great ideas, write a great version of a script, a great first draft that needs work. They don't want to keep working it. And you gotta keep sculpting it and polishing it and editing it over and over and over for it to actually work. Yeah. The endurance aspect of the business isn't something that people really talk about or think about quite often. It's not the fun part. And that's my problem with your fucking dad. Tell me. Yeah, please let it rip. Yeah. This is season eight of Big Mouth. Yeah. By the way, I watched three episodes last night. It's as good now or better than it has ever been. Thank you. I just was dying last night. It's so fucking good. That's the longest running show on Netflix adult show.


Actually nobody wants this now has been on for 10 seasons. Oh, they Somehow so, so no, it'll be the longest running scripted series on Netflix, which is wow. Crazy. We did eight seasons on Big Mouth and then Human Resources, which we did a spinoff of for two seasons. So it's about a hundred episodes of this universe that we built. I really think this season's as funny as any the seasons we made. No, it's incredible. So we're year eight, right? No. And can I announce we've done seven? I'm sorry, but can I announce it? This is the final season. Yeah, this is the last interview. This is the End. 'cause we all died from Kroll's children's illness. They picked up at preschool, not 'cause we wanted to end the show, but with your show Eight Seasons in, do you have these psychotic moments where you're like, I think the show sucks and nothing news happening, I gotta change it.


And then I'm like, no you don't. Do you have that battle? This particular show, because it's a show about kids going through puberty and adolescence. We made a decision pretty early on that the kids would continue to change. Literally the song is called Changes the theme song Charles Bradley, based off a Ozzy Black Sabbath song originally. And it's about, we're going through changes like the show is about change in evolution. And so we were decided early on these kids are gonna change emotionally, but they're also gonna physically change season eight, the final season. My character Nick, who's been tiny, the whole run of the show, how I was through puberty, hits a growth spurt. He's in high school now and he grows and like the character grew, guy hit puberty and then all of a sudden in 10th grade, I grew like six inches.


Yeah. Yeah. And all of a sudden I was taller than Andrew. So because the show and the characters continued to change and evolve and a real tangible way, it never felt old or stale. That has made the show always interesting and always new and always exciting as opposed to whether it's like a podcast or a sitcom or a show where people kind of want things to stay the same or people like what they like. There's a sweet spot, Howard evolved if you chart stern from 95 till now. It is a different show, but it was just this perfect level of incremental change. Yeah. As he acknowledged his own changing, he's very smartly kept it evolving in that way.


And I think on our show, in a way, you start with Nick and Andrew. It's based on me and my friend Andrew Goldberg's life. And we start to grow out. It's like, oh, this girl Jessie, and she got her period. And then it's like, oh, she needs a hormone monster. And then it's like, oh, there's this girl Missy, and then there's Jay. And let's start to explore his house and family. And then by season eight, you just keep broadening out who your focus is and what stories you can tell. And then always knowing you can come back to your core kids. But there was always new stuff to tackle and look at and try to understand. I wanna frame this whole thing, the theme of this one. I want to be best friends this interview. Great. Because I'm still best friends with my best friend from 11 Aaron Weekly.


You talk to him daily Almost. You talk to Andrew Weekly Daily. That was a joke. Oh, Aaron Weekly. But you know why it didn't work? Sadly, it's WEAK. Like he's a weakling. Oh. But he's very strong. I bet he is. Please don't challenge Chad. But that must've affected him. Is he a muscular fellow? No, he's way cooler. He loves who he is more than I do. Sure. And that's why you guys are good friends. Yes. You're a star who hates himself and he's a regular guy who's totally at peace. So I'm watching last night the show and it's still shockingly goes hard. Yeah. The whole time. You're kind of like, I really can't believe it's on tv. Which is a fun feeling to constantly have. Thank you. And I wonder, could you have done that show solo or do you think you and Andrew have a bubble where you're like, as long as you and I think this is okay.


It's okay. Andrew, who I've known since I was six, and we were best friends in middle school. He stayed friends in high school. He went to college with actually a couple friends of mine. But then he came out to LA and he started working in animation. He worked his way up through family guy, McFarland's assistant, and then became a writer and then producer there for eight seasons. Yeah. Somebody, somebody does do his research. I watched you and McFarland talk. It was really interesting. Even the thing you just said that your characters age, it didn't even occur to me like, Oh yeah, cartoons. The characters don't ever age. No, that's unique. I actually met McFarland through Andrew. It was crazy when I met Seth. And then we haven't seen each other very much. 'cause I've stopped crooning so we don't see each other on the circuit.


Yeah. Having that conversation with him, I was like, oh, this is very weird. There are not many people I could have this conversation with besides a couple people like Seth McFarland who created a show. Trey and Matt won't talk to me. I think with Andrew and I, we had the same thing where I was like, around sixth, seventh grade, we started hanging out constantly and we just made each other laugh. And then we went to camp together and we were doing campfire skits and we were like, if this is funny to us, then who cares? But then we went our own ways. And then we came back together with this show where he came to me with Mark Levin and Jen Flack, who he had been their assistant when he first moved to LA 25 years ago. And then they worked in film and television. They made a bunch of stuff. And then they came to me with this idea. They're like, it's you and Andrew going through puberty.


It's animated. That was an idea where it's like, yes, let's go. We all just bring different skills to this thing. The creative bubble of being like, I have whatever I do, my voices, the people I know that I can call in to do stuff. They have an unbelievable knowledge of storytelling and animation and creating a structured family that makes for a show. So I could do what I do. They could do what they do. You know, we started the show 25 years after we were those boys. We created a show together that we've now done for eight seasons, but we hadn't worked together in 25 years. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then we come back together, worked together, fucking doing Wayne's World sketches. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Reenacting hosting talent shows this book doing literal word for word Wayne's world. Yeah. So we haven't worked together since, since we ripped off every Saturday live sketch and became heroes.


Yeah. But it's been both gratifying comedically and artistically, but on a human level. So unbelievably gratifying to reunite with your best friend from childhood to make this thing that then worked in a way that you could never have imagined if a 13-year-old Nick and Andrew were like, you're gonna get to go make an animated show on Netflix. No less a thing that they will understand entirely. Yeah. Streaming service and the computer. Yeah. What? Yeah. It's pretty wild. It's crazy. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Quince. You know, when you look back at photos of yourself in your all black punk stage in high school or wearing head to toe nineties neon, and you wonder, what was I thinking? Sometimes trends just don't stay on the test of time. If you want an outfit that you're gonna feel great about both now and later, check out the wardrobe staples from Quince. They're classic and elevated, so you're gonna love the way you look now and years from now. And they're made with high quality materials. So they'll hold up for years to come to. I love Quince. I love their cashmere so much. Yeah. If you, you wanna revamp your wardrobe, which I suggest per season. Yeah. Add some pieces in that are fun kind of just for the season. There's some really good summer pieces, some great button downs that you can also wear by the pool. They have European linen beach shorts, you know, organic silk polos. Stick to staples that last with elevated essentials from quince. Go to quince.com/dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dx.


This this message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your flights on time first before heading to the airport. Like you know to check your presentation is saved first before closing your laptop. That's one mistake I'll never make again. Woo. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all in one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or scaling your business, Squarespace gives you everything you need to claim your domain, showcase your offerings with a professional website, grow your brand, and get paid all in one place. Squarespace has been along for the ride with us, as we've you know, first just had a website, then started selling merch and it's grown with us and has helped us scale. If you're a fellow creator, Squarespace makes it easy to monetize your content easily sell access to online courses, blogs, videos and memberships. Start with a fully customizable website and earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. This is why we love Squarespace. Setting up that kind of tech sounds hard, but they take all the guesswork out of it. You can get your site up and running quicker than you would've thought possible. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


You are good in partnership 'cause you have it with Malaney too. Do you prefer working with a person? I do. I love a person. I mean, I love a sex doll, let's be honest. Sure. To write with and nothing sex. Right. Store your pens in their fleshlight. Yeah. They're great at breaking, they're great at storing, they're great at holding the pens. But I do like partnership. It's like watching you guys, there's just something intangible about the conversation that for me personally, I'm much more generative that way. Oh yeah. We've done other shows with other people and if we sit down, we have to stop ourselves on the fact check. We literally have to stop ourselves like, oh, it's been too long. But you know, it also, She's about to tell you that she loves working with other people and that she would like to, it's not permanently work with other people.


I'm not, I'm gonna say that I think sometimes in a three environment it can be hard. And I can imagine sometimes probably, I'm not putting words in your mouth, but I assume that sometimes you're like, it might be easier if it was just me. Not all the time, but in a real way. Like, well, this person has their own thoughts and I'm coming in with the structure. So I think some people do prefer a solo creative Oh, for sure. Endeavor. For sure. And that's understandable too. Well that's your standup. You get that as well. Yes. I get that in standup. I do love to do that in standup, but I always feel a little insecure. Insecure is probably the wrong word. Like I want to kill myself. So Yeah. Suicidal.


Yeah. Like word. No. But I do feel oftentimes like I'm better in conversation and when I do standup, I love it, but I'm like, oh, am I lacking that spark that creatively things can come out of me when I'm in conversation that don't come out of me alone. Okay. Malaney, I was gonna bring that up too. Yeah. I gotta say I was embarrassingly kind of ill-informed on Malaney. Turns out so is I. Well, yeah. Then I was on a trip that he was on and I was like, oh, I really like him. I'm gonna watch his standup special. Yeah. I watch it. I'm No, I think I was like, you gotta watch him. You had been pushing hard for Melaney. Yes. You're a first in Melaney fan. Yeah, I think he's great. And so I watched his standup special and I'm an addict. Anything addict I like, it's so fucking great.


But then I was wondering, were you at that intervention? I produced that intervention. Oh Yeah. I'm not surprised. Good for business. Good at business. Good at business. Not good for business. Not good at business. It was not good for business. Yeah. Losing Your mind. It was. That's so stressful. I mean, you've been on probably both sides of it. Just to tell you really quick. So Aaron, the reason we're back in business is he went another 19 years after I got sober. He got sober five years ago. And so we too had a restart basically five years ago. And it's like Oh good. Back in business. Yeah. It was so, I mean, you can tell me you don't wanna talk about it. No, because I mean, I do because I had a relapse and Monica had to deal with it.


Yeah. And she had to be detecting things. And we've explored that a lot. And I think a lot of addicts get to go on TV and talk about the experience and I think they get to do standup. Yeah. About it. And I don't really think you hear enough from the people who are fucking terrified. Yeah. And hard thinking. You're losing your mind maybe. Yeah. Maybe you and I could do a separate podcast about this For Real. It's so hard. It Was so scary and brutal to go through. 'cause he was in New York. I was in la. It was at the height of the pandemic. So it was incredibly stressful to be in the midst of the pandemic, trying to literally coordinate and produce a intervention, bringing a bunch of different people together. Friends from college. And my wife was very pregnant and I was shooting, don't Worry Darling.


Which there was no stress there. I mean, there wasn't for me personally in that, except it was at the height of COVID Pro-vaccine. I had a very pregnant wife and we had COVID scares and that was happening. And then John was running around New York City, like a true madman. Yeah. And I was so deeply scared that he was gonna die. Yes. Yes. And I was trying to orchestrate all this, of combining all the elements that go into these things. Like the intervention person, where he was gonna go, who was gonna be at, yeah. You need all that lined up. It was so fucking stressful. And then all of a sudden, I don't know how long your relapse was, but you're all of a sudden going back being like, oh, that's why I've had an inconsistent friend for the last X amount of time.


Yeah. Oh, this explains that. And so it gives you both empathy for them and also tremendous amount of anger because they've been lying to you. The deception. Yeah, the deception. Was there A lead up of like, Hey man, are you all right? Was there a lot of that pre-intervention? Yeah. I have a very clear memory of being outside at my house. There was someone working inside of my house. This was again, COVID. We had just moved into our new house. We were about to have our kid. It was just so intense. And I was trying to have these conversations with all these people while this was happening. It was the same week. I have a very clear memory of being outside, like sitting on the ground on the phone with him, both of us crying. Me just being like, I'm so scared you're gonna die.


And so I felt him feeling the same way, but also like just like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But anyway, I mean, in this new Airbnb, I gotta go down. Yeah. Yeah. I have really not talked about this at all, but watching how it evolved, because also when he came out of rehab and started doing standup all about it, he was still pretty fucking pissed about the intervention. 'cause he was on a good time. I don't know how you felt when you got clean. There's a lot to on. Yes. For years he was pretty angry. It was also like, oh, I don't know if I like having jokes about me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Especially when you went out on a huge limb To help them. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, I don't know if that feels so great. The reward for getting put through the emotional ringer.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But then we talked about it and I was like, I don't love how you're representing this. And he was like, I totally hear you. And everyone's process and art is different. So what he's willing to share, I mean, it's what makes him so fucking funny and dynamic and intoxicating as a performer is that he's giving you a written version of his life. Yeah. But he's giving you access to elements of himself. And I myself am very guarded in certain ways like that. But it's what makes him such an amazing standup. But I wonder, so for Aaron, we had 16 years of him still at it. And I never said a word. I knew what was going on. He knew what was going on. I'd go back to Detroit, we'd spend time together.


I knew he was doing his best in those times to not be as fucked up as he was. Yeah. And the very first time I ever said anything was he was growing weed at the time. There was a house next door. He wanted to buy this legal's. Nothing wrong with that. Keep going. Yep. Everything's great on the up And up. So I bought him this house. I bought like a house in Detroit for $65,000. And I called him on a Monday to say like, Hey, the house is closed. You can start growing weed in there. And he didn't call me back for like five days, which is just not him. Even in the height of his addiction, he's very responsive. By day four, I'm wondering, is he dead? Yeah. And then when I finally get on the phone with him on day five, and he goes, oh hey, sorry dad.


I had the worst flu. And I go, Aaron, dude, who do you think you're talking to? I had a lot of those flu too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I go, I think you're gonna die really soon and I don't want you to. And I have a fucking treatment center in the Caribbean if you want to go. It's handled in my mind. I'm like 98% sure he is gonna say, fuck you. And he goes, yeah, I'll go. And I was like, oh my fuck. Oh yeah. Well, I just gotta add one thing for the comedy. He doesn't have a passport. So now he knows he's gonna treatment, but we have to wait five days. That was the most stressful five days of my life. That's so scary. Is he gonna make it? It's exactly that feeling. I knew for a little while what stuff was going on, but not for however long he had been using.


It was only near the end. The fear is you're gonna lie to me or you're gonna be obfuscating. Or there's a point where there's nothing to lose. Right. My main concern, and now I will approach you about this, is I think you're gonna die. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's all I can tell you. He talks about, I was the first one to speak. And also he is like, Nick didn't get the memo that we were all gonna be nice to John. And I was like, nobody got the memo. I just was like, I'm a good student. If the job is to tell you a letter of how you've been a bad friend, and I'm gonna tell you how you've been a bad friend. 'cause this is no more joking around, no more nice shit. Like it's fucking done. Yes. It's serious. This is serious. That's the tightrope I think with addicts. I didn't know any before I knew Dex.


But it is a tightrope to walk where you're not alienating them so that they just completely go off the deep end and don't talk to you anymore. But you have to also say that you see something's wrong. I was just at such a loss and I was just like, I know you're doing this. And then there was just like, I'm not doing it. Yeah. Oops. It's also you're in survival mode too, And it's such A thing. Yeah. Yeah. If I tell you I'm doing it, then the next thing is I have to stop. Yeah, exactly. And I can't at that moment. I'm not there yet. It ultimately thank God. 'cause where he's landed and how well he is doing and always is amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And then I'll put an end to this. 'cause I don't want you to feel like in any way it's exploitative. But I will add, I just told a story recently. I worked with a comedian who was supposed to be sober, got fucked up in the movie, did so many things.


I was about to say innumerable. You already said it a while ago. And I didn't wanna repeat a numerable such a great, it's so good. He did so many things. We almost got in a fist fight on sex. He tried to put glasses on my face and poked me in the eye and he was so disruptive And it was a mess. And then two weeks after my, I hate his guts. He has to have an actual cop on set with him. That's how bad it got. And there was a point where he is running through this store and the cops chasing him. Like Barney Fife is a heavy set cop and he's going Chase me, officer Chase me. And I'm on my fucking chair waiting. I just started laughing so hard. And I'm like, oh my God, he's so fucking funny. It broke my hatred and I started laughing.


And it's hard to have compassion for people who are charismatic, but it can be harder for people who are really funny and charismatic 'cause they can win people back over. That's the problem with addiction is the rascal. There's something so charming about the Rascal and the person who kind of can't stop themselves for going for it. And it's intoxicated. Yeah. And they're worried also. If they lose that element, then does the whole thing unravel? So I totally get that. Yeah. I wanted to say a few more things about Big Mouth. One is, did I write it? You're at 67 characters you've done on the show. I believe it's 79. Wow. More than Wow. It was fun to watch you and McFarland talk.


I encourage people if they're animation nerds, to find you guys chatting. And I was also thinking, what an accomplishment for you to have done eight seasons there. But you're also talking, your dudes done 20 really minimizes. He's like, actually I've done 138 seasons. Oh my God. American dad. Yes. 25,000 seasons of Family Guy. Boy, there's a difference between early two thousands, nineties TV money. I asked Mike Scher this at one point when I was interviewing him. I'm like, does it make you a little bit mad that if you had the same career in the eighties and nineties, you would own the Red Sox? You'd be Tom Warner. Yeah, totally. And you eight seasons of a fucking show, you'd have a couple hundred million dollars. I Would Does it upset you, Nick? No, because Daddy's got so much money.


No, but what I will say is we've done fine on the show. Yeah. Yeah. It would've been a different thing years ago. But also we could not have made Big Mouth in the nineties or early two thousands when we came in. We are the 33rd produced show by Netflix now in the fucking a hundred millions of shows. But at that point, they were so early, they were letting us do literally whatever we wanted. Yeah. And letting us take incredibly big risks. And we have been grandfathered into continuing to be able to take those risks. We could not make that show there now. Exactly. Yes. And by the way, this is so in keeping with the thing I admire about you, which is you might not have gotten a hundred million dollars, but you made something that could almost not be made.


And of course on your deathbed, you'll have so much more pride in that. Right. In my deathbed, as I'm dying, I'm like, I got so many animated kids to Jerk Off, we just announced that we're making this new show called Mating Season that will come out a year from now as if it were not another season of Big Mouth, but on a similar schedule as Big Mouth called mating season about animals dating and fucking in the woods. Oh, wonderful. Wow. I knew a great grizzly bear voice. I'm like, okay, I'm chafed. Can we revisit this in an hour? It sounds like you're this welfare brain. Yeah, exactly. America's gonna be a record cold winners.


When your little one's coming cold from building a snowman. Make them an extra thick bowl of quick roll. Can you say Diabetes? Diabetes. Get your blood sugar checked regularly. It's so funny to think about now. He's promoting Quaker Oats, that glucose spike from that oatmeal, they'll nail you what a Hypocrite Wolf or Brimley was. That will be a different kind of show where it won't be kids going through puberty. It's a show about dating and relationships. So it'll be interesting to start that. So I'm excited that we're continuing this team machine you built And it makes sense for a viewer to be like, oh, I liked Big Mouth. Now it's about dating and fucking as adults. Okay. The other thing I wanted to say about Big Mouth, similar to when I was watching the studio, have you watched the studio?


I watched most of it. Yeah. There's so many accomplishments in the studio technically. It's so impressive. It's so fucking funny. Yes. It's so well acted. But when we met with Seth about it, I was like, can you zoom out and take a little bit of pride about the people that are willing to come be with you? And when I look at the amount of people you've had on Big Mouth over the last eight years, are you able to, in what a testament it is to your character and just that people would wanna work with you. Like that. To me, I would hope would be one of the nicest things about the show. Thank you. That's a very nicely observed thing. And it's true. I have a tremendous amount of pride in the core ru. Who's on that show? It's Malaney.


It's my Rudolph, Fred Anderson. Jordan Peel's. Literally last acting job. Yes. Literally my friend Jesse Klein, a genius writer, performer, and now io de Oh and Jason Zuki. That's the core cast. Andrew Randalls. Then the people that we've had on the show, it's insane. Few years ago, Cynthia Vo came to me and was like, I'd love to do something on the show. And I was like, great. We first went to her with a song to do and we were like, Hey, we have this amazing thing. She was like, amazing. Let me hear the demo. And she heard it and she was like, it's a great song. But I am a diva. She doesn't mean like I'm a diva. Yeah. But like I'm a diva. And so for me to sing this song, this song has to change.


Oh yeah. To make sense for me to sing it. Right. You don't invite Jordan to play well, no. We just go at golf. Maybe invited him to play golf. You could Hockey, you could probably win a couple hundred thousand dollars off him as good as basketball player is. He's fine, Colin. He's fine. He's fine. He's, but not with the way I've been fucking, He's gotta come for you. You know, he has vendettas. Oh. And that's when it became personal. That whole last dance. Everything is just like, that's when it became personal. Most of his energy was figuring out how he could hate his opponent. Go back and watch his Hall of Fame speech. Oh. Because he earned some, he's nitpicking. Like the guy who made the team in high school over him. It's like, bro, you did it. You can't be Cam Michael Jordan without making exactly an enemy.


You have to be a fucking killer. And it proves, more importantly, you think a trophy and successful those wounds. No. You actually just gotta go heal those wounds. But I think that that's what the great mystery of life. And however you're competitive, whether you're an athlete or if you're making stuff, you have to figure out whatever those wounds created that generates your ambition, your drive, your desire to make things or to be great. How can you heal that thing and maintain that drive. Drive. Yes. Harness it and then put it away when you need to put it away. Yes. And that's a really hard thing to do because that inner critic is what drives you and it's also what destroys you. Coming back to what you're saying, Cynthia Vo doesn't do that part. Then we come back to her, we're like, would you like to play Missy's Vagina?


And she's like, I would love to. She's great. There's a scene with, it's Cynthia vo io de as Missy Quinta Brunson as the doctor. Wow. And Tanay Newton as Missy's Hormone Monster. I look at that scene, I'm just like, this is fucking heavy hitters across the board. Yes. Luke Pizza and Y We have multiple Oscar winner winners. It's the cast of a Alexander Pain movie or something. That's so funny. We're gonna make some video that'll come out. There's like 34 Oscar nominations. Holy, holy shit. Or 18 Oscars in the show. Shall we talk for a second about, I don't understand you Sure. Tell us what happens in this. So this movie is me and Andrew Renolds. We are married going on our 10 year anniversary trying to hold onto our marriage a little bit.


We've been trying to adopt a baby unsuccessfully. And we go to Italy, we end up in this little Nona's house in the middle of nowhere, Orvieto and shit goes wrong. One after another. It's a crazy night. Basically what feels like you're watching at the beginning is, oh, it's kind of a sweet little rom-com couple struggling on vacation. Yeah. And then it all unfurls into like a farce thriller. Ooh. Very funny. Bloody funny. I'm a bit neurotic, A bit controlling. And he's the loose fun flighty. This couple, David Craig and Brian Creo, it's based in part on their personal stories of trying to adopt.


And then a vacation in Italy that went off the rails that they combined and they wrote and directed it together. And Andrew and I have known each other for now. A long time. You guys bonded over not wanting to kiss Kristen Bell. Yes, exactly. I have to say it, watching Anos and Kristen Bell kiss would be a delight. Yeah. Two beautiful white people. Yeah, that's right. So white and so beautiful. They could sing together. Oh my God, I'm rooting for them. Yeah. That is the Todd Haynes movie. I Don really see. But he's been a big part of Big Mouth. We've been friends and he's just the funniest, most talented guy. And he's got that Broadway, he can sing like an angel, but he's deeply funny and a great actor. Amanda Seyfried plays the woman who we're trying to adopt a baby from who we're FaceTiming with us.


She's like, I'm gonna give you my baby. And we're in the middle of an Italian village covered in blood. Have you gone on location with your family to shoot a lot? I went with Kristen in Italy when we were newly dating, but not with kids. That was outrageously fun. Or I've taken the kids to London where she was working and that was not outrageously fun. And On a cruise Ship and a fucking active cruise ship. I've got a one and 3-year-old. Was that Rogan? Was that Lauren Miller Rogan's movie? Yes, yes, yes. Which was a really fun movie. Absolutely. Father, if you're in it with Kelsey Gray. Yeah. Oh dear Lord, what were you gonna say? Do you love it? You have this dream of I'm gonna go make this movie in Italy. My wife was like, let's go to Rome and make this movie. And we had a son at that point who was gonna be nearly two.


And so he was starting to be not like a tiny little baby. As we get there, we've realized that my wife is pregnant. Oh, what do you do about doctor visits? Yeah. Yeah. Mama. Me. Papa Pee Baby's got a diarrhea, baby. Got a diarrhea. Do you wanna hear really quick? Erin and I, my best friend, we figured out where that saying comes from. It is from the early 19 hundreds and a woman brought her baby to the Italian doctor. Mama Mia. Papa Pee Baby's got a diarrhea. It's not a big deal. Oh, we weaponized it. But it was just good news. They were so worried the baby was something wrong. Or is the baby dying of Disinter? Yeah. Or Rotavirus pre vaccine. That's what the RFK.


It all circles back to RFK. It always does. So you have this idea of what the movie's gonna be. Me and Andrew Reynolds working together Dream. Me and my wife in Italy, our son no longer a little baby making memories, making movies feeding, making love. Hey, now we're talking. All of a sudden it's like, oh, it's a month of night. Shoots 45 minutes outside of Rome. So much. The movie takes place at night and making of the movie was a blast. But I would get home at like five in the morning. Oh no. And my son at 7:00 AM wants to party. Oh yeah. And has revolted against, we brought our nanny with us and my son wants no part of that. He's done with that. He is scraping at the door. I've just washed mud and rain off and I've glided into bed.


It's just like Wow. And like a busker playing an electric violin outside. So at seven 30 in the morning, my son's like, and I'm just hearing like Bubu Close. It was madness. And that's what's interesting about early days of family and life and marriage is you're learning on the fly how to do these things. Yeah. So you have to make these choices. Mistakes. Yes. Making the movie was not a mistake at all. I'm really proud of the movie. I love it. But it was a very hard physical thing to figure out. Yes. I showed my wife the movie. I was so relieved that she was like, oh, this is great. Right. It was all worth it.


Yes. And we also had unbelievable times. I would go with my son up to a View Borg Gay sale that park above the Spanish steps when I would take him on a little merry-go-round and walk him around and go to the zoo and just laugh at these animals. You dumb idiots. You guys look at us stuck here. Look at us free. We're free. Free. Excuse me. I actually have a pickup in 13 minutes and I gotta go. I have real thoughts. Oh, on a time switch A Oh my God. Are they controversial? Go see me on the road to see the material. Oh yeah. So how many dates do you do a year? I don't do many dates. Standup. I did a special 22 or 23. So good. Thank you very much. Called Little Big Boy. Yes. On Netflix. And then I always have 20, 30 minutes in the pocket that I'm working on or playing with.


I'm gonna go do some dates this summer. I'm doing a couple dates with Malaney Bur Bigley of Fred Armisen at some big festivals in Canada. I'm doing another festival in Canada with Kumail Nik and Michael Che. And then I'm doing some mess around stuff here and there. I'm always at Largo in LA when I'm here. We recently read the top 10 earners of standup. Yes. And we were just aghast. Yeah, I was gonna say, I gotta buy diapers, but I gotta say I didn't always have to buy diapers 'cause I got your guys' products was really grateful for Oh good. Yeah, it went bankrupt and we no longer have anything to do with it. I had a feeling. Yeah. Thought I'd be hearing more about it. Yeah. You thought maybe those diapers were gonna come back into play.


Good business. Good at business. Yeah. Good at business. Really good at business. Especially the diaper business. Good at business. Medium at diapers. Yeah. And even less so with my beer company. No, that one you're Enjoying. And a beer. Erin and I have NA beer. Can I try it? Absolutely, please send it. They're good. It's outrageous. I still drink much less than I used to. But my skin is so crazy that when I drink alcohol sometimes my face will become wildly flushed. The Asian and you comes out. Yeah. Well I'm married to an Asian woman, but it makes the Asian flesh look very cool compared to what happens to my face. Which looks like a storm. Angry, hostile. Like a Doppler. Oh, there's a tornado. 'cause it's not clean. It's notchy. It's an Archie comic. It's like, ooh. And it's moving. Yes.


Gaining strength. So that's what I do is I do a couple NA beers. I do five to 10 mushroom chocolates. I crush up some gummies. Pop those right up the cha easily. You gotta really crush 'em up, folks. Because I wanna be responsible on this podcast. If you're gonna snort your edibles, you gotta pull Verizon. Use a mortar and a pestle course. A lot of people arent. Course they don't know. Bring that with you everywhere you go. Everywhere you go. Your mortar and Pele. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by skims. Yes. Let's talk about skims. I have been raving about their ultimate Bra collection. They sent me some new items, which was very nice to them. I pretty much live in this bra. It's so comfortable. But it's also cute. You never know when your bras gonna need to be showing. Yeah, You gotta be prepared. You do. For the best case scenario. And actually I really do believe this, that you kind of have to work from the outside in confidence wise. Sure. And so when you get dressed in the morning, you want to put on a cute pair of you would feel cute. Underwear and bra. And the Ultimate Bra is the move. It is Skims does it again. Check it out for yourself. Shop Skims, ultimate Bra Collection and more@skims.com. If you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select Podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


We are supported by Better Help. You know, there's still a bit of surrounding stigma for Men's health. I think it can. I think so too. Still be challenging for men to admit they're struggling and seek help. I have a friend who just started Therapy, a male friend and he loves it so much and, but yes, I think it's taken a little extra long because they're right. There is a stigma, but there really shouldn't be. Yeah. Men today face immense pressure to perform, to provide and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year and it's often undiagnosed. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I'm a man I've benefited greatly from therapy. And Better Help is a great option if you're looking to start therapy. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help Armchair. Get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash dax. That's better help HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by Edible Arrangements. There's just something special about getting a delivery isn't there? Getting a gift from Edible Arrangements is a surefire way to put a smile on someone's face. I love when people send us this. It is really fun. I'm really keen on the pineapple when they come with The chocolate. Yeah. I can't get enough of that. Yummy goodness. You probably know Edible Arrangements has delicious fresh fruit bouquets and those are great. But Edible Arrangements has so much more than that. They've got chocolate dipped fruit, new dessert boards with cakes, cookies, and brownies, balloons and even fresh flowers. And free gift wrapping is included. So your gift recipient will feel extra special. So no matter what your occasion hosting thank yous birthday celebrations. Hey, even a good apology. Edible Arrangements is your one stop shop for gifting. And if you happen to forget a special occasion, no worries. Edible Arrangements has fast and flexible delivery with next day, same day, and even one hour delivery options. Go to edible arrangements.com and use promo code Armchair 10 to save $10 on your order. Over $59 offer ends at midnight Eastern Standard Time on December 31st. Additional terms and conditions apply. See site for details.


Sorry. Real quick about the special, you do a bit about moms. Yes. Being annoying. That is so spot on and good. And I think about it Every time. It was a mom. Definitely. Every time I talk to my mother, we are on the heels of Mother's Day and yeah, I think about it all the time. They are so annoying. But we love 'em. Yeah. It's the most thankless job in the World. It's such a wild job and upsetting. It's brutal. Have you watched Love on the Spectrum? I've watched a little bit of it. Watch a little bit more just to get this. And I think this was Kristen's observation. The thing that unites all kids on the spectrum is they're relentlessly mean to their mothers. Every time their mom starts talking, they're like, oh mom. Like these poor mother.


They have this kid that they have to give so much time to. Yes, yes. Which is an essence of what it is, I think, to have to be a mother. Yes. Which is the emotional connection that we feel to mothers fathers. It's not like we're nothing, but they can take or leave us a little bit. Moms, there's such an importance to that emotional connection that it also flares up and it's tough. 'cause I think that joke is about my shortness. I do say that moms are annoying. What I believe the joke is about is my impatience, my inability to see through what she's trying to do, which is just love me. Yes, of course. I don't know if my mother sees it that way. Exactly. She's like, a lot of people have talked to me about your mother, Mother.


I'm sure I don't always talk about my personal life and family in standup when I do. In that case, it resonates with people because I think it's something people really do connect with and can relate to. It Is the most relatable. And for this reason, you're saying everyone is just so impatient and mean to their moms. It's so weird. And they are calling to say like, Hey, I just re-upped your aaa. And it's like, why'd You do that? Yeah. You didn't even ask. Yeah. It's so They can't Do anything. No, they can't do anything. Right. No. They's f It's so crazy. So thank you for that. Fucking poor Moms fantastic. Yeah. So lastly, this is a very busy couple months for you. Big Mouth comes out, May 23rd Adult comes out on FX on May 28th and then drops on Hulu that night. May 29th, all eight episodes.


And then I don't understand you. June 6th. Yeah. So every few days you have a big project coming out at three projects come out three weeks. That culminates about 15 years of my work life. Yes. In over a three week period. They're all dramatically different as well, which is helpful. It's not like you have three superhero movies coming out in a week and you gotta somehow explain How exactly that's The next year. I can't believe I'm the bridge between DC and Marvel again. So adults is, I watched it last night. Oh, you did? Yeah. Awesome. You can immediately sense when something's generated by the people in the show and that they have some rapport and that they're real comedians and they weren't just cobbled together with whoever had an agent.


Yes. Like you watch Broad Senior Meet, they're like, yep. It was created by Rebecca Shaw and Ben Cronen Gold, who are super young. When I met them they were 24. It's been almost four and a half years since we first met to when the show's now being made. It's about young 20 somethings in New York. And that great tradition of shows. The pitch was always like if friends, they were in the West Village and them girls and Broad City, now those kids are living in Brooklyn now that kid is living in deep queens. Right, right, right. They're living in like Flushing because that's where one of them's parents have a house where they can all live. They're all freeloading. And one of the gals wants to now incorporate her new boyfriend. Yes. A young Monica Padman. She's fantastic.


She's fucking funny. They're all, and so we cast all those kids. None of them knew each other. It's five 20 somethings. Some standup, some actors, some TikTok based people. All incredibly funny performers. My hope is you watch that and you're like, oh, this group of people seem like friends. There's a vibe. I wish my friends were like this or this is what my friends are like. Or this is what I remember my friends being like in my early twenties. And you produced it? I produced it and then directed a little of it. Nice. When I was watching it. I don't know why I get so comforted by this. I've said this before, but when I watched English teacher, I don't know if you've seen that show. Yeah. Not to get on a soapbox, but I think early when I was adjusting to the transition in comedy, which was totally righteous, you should let the folks make the jokes who the jokes are about.


Yeah. And I watched English teacher and I was like, yes, this dude's gay. And he's going so fucking hard. Yeah. On this topic. And that was the solution. What I didn't want was for these topics to go away. Everyone needs to get made fun of. Let them do it themselves. Yeah. I think we all have this maybe knee-jerk concern that the younger generation so fragile and precious. Yeah. And so the thing that was so comforting about seeing this is like, oh, they're going fucking hard. Like the kid they know comes out about being molested and they're just going so hard about him being molested. And I was like, oh, wonderful. Comedy's still very much alive and the younger kids are gonna push just as fucking hard and just let them do it. That's the part I really liked about the show.


The creators, Ben and Rebecca, again, super young. They are fully Gen Z. So they love their friends and they love their generation, but they also see what is inherently silly about it. And so the show is kind of that they're making fun of everything that we feel about Gen Z, but it's also with real love. It's coming from the inside. Yes. And not the outside. Yeah. And so it's not like these fucking Gen Z kids are sensitive. My hope is that it's a little post identity politics. Yes. So they're just sort of existing inside of it. And it's not like as this person, I feel this way is part of the hope. No. I was just enormously relieved watching it. Oh good. Comedy's gonna win. Is it too late to put on the poster? DD Shepherd? I was enormously relieved Because I go into everything thinking, oh, these fucking Es.


Oh no. They can't even take a joke about each other. Yeah. I hope I'm owning it. You are. No. Okay. Thank you Monica. Ben and Rebecca, when they first came to me speaking how long these things take, my first email correspondence with them is November, 2020. Wow. About like, let's do this. They were like, we love Big Mouth. We wanna make live action Big Mouth for our twenties. It has become its own thing entirely. But there is a natural feeling of, oh, what we are trying to do with puberty they're doing with their early twenties. This moment in life that you are in this space. And what's funny about it and how can we heighten that out and do some sort of surrealist things about it that speak to the emotional truths that lie underneath it. Yeah. If you have a tone, it's that it goes hard. It goes fucking hard. Fun. Oh. Oh, I was gonna say, you're talking about me.


And I would never say that about myself. It's so funny where I'm like, yeah, I go fucking hard. Yeah, of course you wouldn't say that. Bought Billy Bobble bottles. What's his name? Billy Bottles. Billy Bottles. It's my Billy Bob Thornton doing bottle bottles service. Can I me your brother that shows up as Billy Bottles. Yeah. I do wanna bring back the big one. Bobby Bottle service. 'cause I think you'd be like way into crypto. Oh. You know what I mean? I bought fucking Doja Cat coin dude. Now it's down the four. But I fucking, I'm using positivity and maximizing my potential to move to Puerto Rico so that I should be able to make all my money back. And then some never sell. That's the thing. Never, never sell.


Never settle. Here's the other option. Go entirely on emotion. Buy, sell, go with the market. Keep going with the market Chase. Change course. Don't you want to chase in finance? Never trust your instincts. I wanna have a quick conversation with Coach Steve. Okay. As Herm and Permian. Oh, okay. Because I feel like they share an essence and I just wanna see how it goes. I'm excited to see this. So I'm just gonna introduce you to Herman and Permian. He lives by himself in an apartment And it goes pretty well. Where do you live, Steve? I'm not living anywhere particularly, so I'm just wondering if you got extra, you know, you got extra space in that place.


Maybe we could crash together for a while. Oh, I'd love to have some visitors over. My mom misses Monica. She's in and out sometimes. And she'll bring snacks. Well, you know, if Monica wants to hang out, if your mom who it's not clear if she's alive or not or if this is kind of a, a base motel situation. Anyway, you wanna play it. I'll hang out with her. I'll hang out with the dead corpse. I'll do whatever you need to do. I'm here to hang forever for long term. For whatever you need. If you have any allergies. I've got a couple allergies I'm allergic to. I've been living on a diaper barge. Oh. It turns out I'm allergic to all the diapers that are on there. The used diapers. I have bee things. Are you allergic to the bees? The thing I think, oh wait, you, I should mention I'm also dying.


I got classic tv. Oh no. I had an uncle who passed. Oh, I'm so sorry. Does he need company? Should I go hang out with him? This has been great. Okay. And then the last one I wanna do Frito talking to Hormone Monster. Oh God. Because I feel like we could go somewhere that might, I'm make Monica throw up. Yeah. She hates Frito. Does she a The hormone monster. Oh, the hormone monster's scary too. Oh, this guy's awesome. If you met my hormone monster, he's so horny. Oh, that's right. And Frito Lays better than just about anyone I know. Tell her everything. Oh, he puts it in. He gets it out. He puts it back in. I Can do it forever, Monica.


I Don't here. He can't come. I can't do it 'cause it's so sexy. Yeah, because he likes the edge. He brings it right to the edge. I live on Edge, Monica. Yeah, that's right. He lives on the edge in New York. If you ever go to the Hudson Yards, that weird tower that they built, it's called The Edge. Yeah. He likes the hangouts there. Have you ever eaten Steak Monster? I love to eat steak. I go to Morton's. Oh, Bobby Bottle service. Do you ever Have a ribeye steak? Ribeye is the best steak You could ever Eat. Nothing like power that I can't even afford a ribeye, But they're delicious. Oh, buddy, I'll take you get a ribeye and then we'll make some extra butter for that mashed potatoes if you want. Oh, You know what? Butter It's cold for.


Monica Sauce. Oh, thank you. That was disgusting. Wow. That was disgusting. People are throwing out your fucking vocal chords are done. I know. We have killed you. You're gonna have to double up on the, can you double a zeep? I always double my Zeke. Nick, you're a blast. I wish you came more frequently than every seven years. But I'll take you's what my wife says. Got a dish. And by the way, it's so crazy. The show was already working seven years ago, but to watch your show absolutely explode over these seven years has been amazing. Oh, well thank you. You're part of that success story every the first year when there was no reason to trust us.


I have deep gratitude Next time. You have three projects coming out in a week, please come back and congrats on getting married and having two children. Thank since we saw you last. Thank you. I wish you could have been congratulating me for being a part of making Netflix out with my wives. Yeah, you just wouldn't do it. Oh no, we're still making out. Just not on tv. Okay. Well then I'm relieved by that. I don't mind that you're not in the show, but the fact that you're disgusted by my bride is unacceptable. Alright. Be well. Thank you for having me. He is an arm care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. I got my hair cut today. Barb did my hair. Barb Thompson. What did you find? Barb?


Barb chopstick. What'd you say? Don't ever say that Again. No. What did you say, Barb? Thompson. Thompson. Okay. She's awesome. And she's done my hair before she did it for a gala. Okay. One of the only gals I've ever been to. And she's, she's great. So always a bridesmaid. Never a gala. I know. And she said you did a great job. Are You throwing your hair out on your legs too? Oh, don't look, I just haven't shaved. Fuck. Oh. But I didn't know if you were making a decision like everyone's making. Oh my. That was a fair question. God, What happened? I'm so Sorry. I can't believe you did that. I was, I was I Well, I wanna celebrate you.


If you were embracing, fuck that. No. Okay. I sh I take care of my hair. Okay. I just haven't And it's hot out. Yeah. That's great. I you can, you understand there's a movement where, where women aren't shaving anymore. And I thought maybe you joined that movement. It Was really actually self-conscious. Oh. I mean, it Notice. And I was like, there's no way anyone will notice. And you noticed immediately. I'm very observant. You know this about me. I know. I don't miss a thing. It just takes a long time to shave. Yeah. I'm in the same boat. I shave my arms now. I have all this money tied up in these tattoos and I want them to be visible. That makes sense. Well, you know, I also, I I have to groom my arms, my legs, my arm picks. I know my vagina parts.


Yeah. And I feel terrible for you. I've said that. And my eyebrows now that I'm, now that I'm grooming a lot. Yeah. It sucks. Speaking of, how's the cashmere? We haven't even seen it in a while. Well, you know who's a real producer is Delta. Yeah. Yeah. Here's But are you collecting? Yeah. Yeah. We're, it's growing. Although I may have a big, I might have a, I'm now thinking I might have a nice deposit in the drawer in my bathroom. Okay. I think maybe I haven't transferred some to the Okay, Great. The main storage. Okay. Great. Okay. I had been wanting to tell you a story. Oh yeah. Okay. So we all went to Monster Jam on Saturday. Yeah. Who's describe we all, Okay, so we all is Charlie and the boys.


Ace and Wilder, the two handsomest men in Los Angeles. And then my girls, Lincoln and Delta, and then Delta's friend. Fun. Yeah. And then Eric. Eric. Yeah. That's all. So we went, it was immediately fun. It's so fun. Monster jam's. So fun. We got to ride in the like 12 passenger monster truck. Oh, that's great. I was kind of not clocking any of this, but apparently Delta and her friend had brought their two most important stuffies in a red bag. I didn't know that. I probably would've been like, maybe we don't bring them into the event.


Can you describe the stuffies? Yes. It's imperative that people understand the stakes here. So anyone that knows Delta would know her son. Grute. Oh my God. Don't even a certain, I don't even count Grute as a stuffy. He's not, when you said that he's not, I wasn't thinking of him. He's a real boy. He really Is. I like the robot. I, I don't know that I've ever seen, and I had very deep relationships with my stuffies. I had three bears that I loved and I thought about them. And if I was gone too long, I felt guilty. Like, yeah. I was very in touch and close with my studies. What were their names? I don't, I didn't name them. Just one was a polar bear, one was a brown bear and one was like a And Koala bear.


They were different breeds. So I didn't breeds. I see the species. So you just said koala polar. I just never was like, You never called To them addressing them. I was just squeezing them and feeling guilty. But what if like, it was downstairs and you had to tell your mom like, oh my God, polar is missing. That would never, like, It would never happen. I I would never Lose track. Never. Okay. And they didn't travel outta my room either. Oh. Because, because I was too afraid something would happen to them in the wild. Okay. But to put like this in perspective, Groot goes everywhere with us. Groot has truly a bigger wardrobe than Delta. Yeah. He has many different jammies. He has swimwear. He has like, yeah. For Delta's birthday, she'll often ask for clothes for Groot.


That mostly that's all she asks for. Yeah. Things for Groot. Ugh. And he has books. He reads and he's an artist and she makes him dinner. And he like, it's so, it's such a huge part of her life. Groot. Yeah. And then I didn't know this, I learned this recently about Groot. She was kind of explaining what was going on with him athletically. And then I said, is Groot disabled? Oh. And she said, yeah, Groot is disabled. And I said, oh, what's his disability? And she said, well, he's half tree and half boy. So he needs to breathe carbon dioxide as a tree, but he needs to breathe oxygen as a boy. So his lungs are like half dedicated to breathing.


And so that's kind of an impairment for his cardiovascular. Stop. Additionally stop. This is all real. Like, I didn't even know Groot was disabled. Well, obvi. Yeah. But I just had a hunch there was some way she was talking about his athleticism and his outfit. Sure. I don't know. I asked and he, and he is, and then she went on to tell me, another challenge he has is, is he's got both veins and then he also has to have plumbing for the water. The water. Yeah. True. So it's like his body's sharing a lot of Wow. Double duty. Double duty. Also, his bark hasn't come in and that's gonna make him more stable. Oh wow.


Fragile. Yes. It was a lot fragile Going on balance. Okay. Wow. And I'm gonna be honest, I love Groot. Like he's also my grandson. And when we snuggle at night, I go, I want a little time with Groot. So he has to be in my, no. Oh, does everyone have to leave? No, no, no, no. Just, I'll want Groot in my left. Nook and Delta in my right. Nook if we're all laying together. But she's gotta give me some grandpa Visits. I don't want any. Okay. Nevermind. Anyone. Uhoh. Nevermind. I don't wanna say. Okay. Okay. Good. Afraid. I know. Because you like him in your nook and like, like a kid. Like a kid. Yeah. Like a little baby boy. So, okay, so great time. We're having the best time.


Now. We're up in the, this huge suite. There's like 50 people in there. It's a blast. It's hectic. And Delta comes up like mid show again. I'm gonna say it, I've said it before. There's no better show on Earth than Monster Jam. It starts And it doesn't let up. Race, race, race, race, race. Stunt, stunt stunts. Yes. So it's a party. We're eating food. And then Delta comes up to me and she is, she's passed. Like she's, I don't wanna say she's hyperventilating. She is so scared and panicked. Oh. And she said, we don't, we lost Groot. And I'm like, what do you mean? I didn't even know Gru was in here.


We lost the bag. So her friend was in charge of carrying the bag. She brought it in here. Someone maybe stole it or whatever. And I'm like, okay. No one stole it. Everyone that came is still here. No one left mid time. You know. So now we start scouring all the bathrooms in there, and then we go through systematically and we look under every single chair. This takes 35, 40 minutes. I'm missing the monster jam. Sure. You can hear it still. I can hear it. That is helpful. And I say at some point, okay, it's not in here. Which means it didn't, it didn't come up here. Oh. Now we arrived and we went right out onto the, to the arena floor to take that ride.


So it's like, we're seven stories up. That was pre-show. I don't, so now Charlie and I, Did they take him into the C Monster truck? Yeah. So well here becomes the investigation. So then Charlie and I are, I'm like, oh, I made a video of them get, I'm like, did they even bring the bag out of the car? Right. I'm Like, okay, let's Hope not. I I took pictures. Yeah. I take some, Oh yeah, there's the red bag. Then I have footage of them getting on to the monster truck and she's carrying the bag. We don't have footage of them getting off. Oh. But I'm like, but this is, she would've never set it down in the elevator or on the walk. It definitely had to get left in the truck. So now, exactly. And we're now mid show. This is hours later.


And I sit and Is that truck like out on the thing? No. Oh. That truck has now been already put in a trailer to go to the next Monster Jam. So I like, this is like a movie. Asked my friend Sally, who I've been, you know, going to Monster Jam with Sally as our host for, I don't know, eight years now. Yeah. Yeah. She's an incredible lady. Nice. She's an arm cherry. Aw, Shout Out. She's so sweet. And I'm like, I don't know what else to do, but like, here's the situation. She's a mom. She put out a full court press. Oh look. Oh, it's okay. I'll try to get into that truck. Like I'll try to find the truck in the parking lot and try to get into the semi to get into this monster.


Oh my God. Blah, blah, blah. God. So like an hour goes by and Delta's really like, she lost her son. Oh my God. And I'm, I'm very pessimistic. I'm like, who knows. They set that bag down. Anyway, there was so many bags and so many things and so much equipment and it's in an arena. So I was really, really pessimistic. And then the show ends, and then we just sit there for another 45 minutes while the whole place clears out. Oh. We're kind of like waiting to see if they're gonna find group. And then she says, well, you guys are free to if you want to just wait in the car. So anyways, we go sit in the car now and then I get a text from Sally and it's a picture of her and she's elated and she's holding the bag.


She found the bag in a random golf cart somewhere. No. Yeah. It was On its way to the trash, On its way to a sex trafficking saved. Don't say that. Oh my God. Oh my God. What a tale. Oh my God. It was the amount of relief I felt. It's so, so obsessed, scary When that bag returned. You know, I was starting to think about what our next two weeks to a month like. I was like gonna Be, imagine when it's like to lose your son. You never get over it. Yeah. It's gonna be devastating in a way that I'm not sure how we're all gonna deal with. We lost group forever.


That is Scary. And then I said to her, I like, once we had group, I was like, you know, I started thinking like, what do I do? Would, would you have wanted me to find the same group? And she's like, no. Yeah. 'cause it's real. And he's real and there's no replacing him. Well. And so she answered our long lasting question about would you clone, Would you clone your dog or your kid? She Won't. She Won't. Yeah. I guess she's Like, she's like me. Yeah. She has, I guess she has ethics. I, I don't know. We don't know. We don't what that means ethically. Oh gosh. That's why. But okay, if he had gotten in the Monster Truck and then got sent to the next Monster Truck show.


That's a kid's book. That's a children's Book. And like, they love him and he becomes kind of a mascot for Monster Jam. Yes. But then he returns back home. Always. Yeah. But he's like, now he chews tobacco and he's grown up a little bit. Okay. And we have different versions, stories. He's a Of thistles. Well he is on the Monster GM tour. Yeah, he is. He's on the tour. He's not going to like symposiums on physics. But he is very, it's very toy story. Yes. Yes. He could've been on a real adventure. I don't think all the dust from the Monster Truck would be good for his lungs. Well, not given what I've learned about his, his Exactly. Yeah. Now what if like, the driver of Grave Digger found him and started keeping him on the dash.


Aw. And we could, like, then we were watching and he was riding on the dash proudly. Oh my God. That's terrifying. Oh, it was really an event. Yeah. So I missed a good half of Monster Jam. I'm so both looking for and then panicking over. Oh, Sally really? Hero Sally. The Oh my God. The hero of all heroes. Wow. Yeah. I mean if you were to ask me at some point what I would pay Oh, for his safe return, it would've been embarrassing. I Know. But that's, that's life. It's like you can't, you can't buy health. Well, actually, I mean, to an extent you can. Which is a problem. But Yeah. You know? Yeah. That's why health is the most important thing we have.


And just being there, I guess being alive. Yeah. Being, yeah. Being there. Being present. Being present. Well, I'm also grateful because I immediately got codependent for the girl, the friend. So can you imagine? No, I know. So that was all happening. She now feels so guilty. Of course. And she's crying. Yes. Delta's crying. Inconsolably. Yep. Her friend's crying. Yeah. And this is the worst day. I'm like the dad watching. And so I kept going. Oh sweetie. It's totally okay. Delta should have been carrying her own bag. It's not. Oh, that's nice. Easy. Yeah. I was like trying to comfort her. Yeah. And trying to comfort Delta. Her gro is in there too. Oh it is.


She's got the double whammy. She's lost her stuffy. And she lost Deltas stuffy. Who is her stuffy. I didn't get a good gander at it once they were all reunited. I didn't even know we were bringing stuffy to Monster G. Not anymore. I hope not. And then, okay. Now this is the thing that we go back to. We've been talking about this the last few episodes. I'm like, and I'm talking to Charlie and Eric. I'm like, you know, all I gotta do is keep trying to find group and not say, this is why we don't bring what you wanna say as a parent course is this is why we don't bring to sporting events. Yep. And I was like, she has learned that lesson. She, I don't need to tell her that.


Yeah. She is in major discomfort. Yeah. And so I let it go. But then I, on the way home, I was just saying how grateful I was that he was back. He was slipping it in a little bit. A little bit. Okay. And then, and then I said, he's just so valuable. We gotta make sure that we're safe when we bring in places she goes. But he can't just be a, a boy that lives at home and doesn't go and do things he can, I can't just be protecting him from, and I'm like that. I know. That's a great, that's how you point. But there's, there's a ton of things we can take him to. So he's not stuck in the house, but that are also maybe not so distracting as monster Jam. Yeah. This is complex. 'cause this is how you feel about your kids.


This is how you parent them. You're like, you know, they're, I'm gonna let them go explore the world. And another person could say, look, they're a little too valuable for that. Don't let them just go down the street to Ralph's. Right. Where there's crazies. Yeah. So looks like she's, She's inherited my parenting. Looks like it's nurture. Yeah. In this case. Wow. Yeah. I'm grateful. I'm so grateful. I would've been really, you understand? Yeah. I would've been so sad if group, I mean, I would've been happy for him if, if he was on an adventure. But we, we know that Really? He would've gone in the track. Well, he's, I, he's so cute.


Dax missing persons after like 48 hours, they're dead. Okay. So you think he might someone murder him? Trash. Okay. I just can't imagine holding that little guy. He's so sweet looking. Oh, I know. I told her that's why I didn't know he had a disability. 'cause he's so, oh, he's so smiley. I have no idea He is suffering from anything. He's in a perpetually great mood. Well, That's the thing. Is he, It's the best attitude Pain or Is it sounded like there's some pain accompanying these. Okay. Okay. Yeah. The whole carbon diox Thing is, don't, can't trick her into getting like, pain meds for 'em. Or I might see if we can get, Come on. No. Some nerve Blockers. Oh my God. Wow. That isn't quite an adventure. I'm, Yeah.


I'm really glad that had a happy ending. Oh, Me too. Anything fun happen to you? Yeah. Okay. So you've been gone a couple days. Yeah. In the meantime, I've watched two full seasons of you, the show you. Oh. Which reminds me, I wanna play the thing That's a show about me. Exactly. It's about time that we revisit that because I'm watching it. Oh, It's such a great exchange. Okay. Let's Laura Ingram. Yeah. You want me to put on the tv? Oh yeah. Oh yeah, you can. It's one of my favorite clip of all time. And now it has extra meaning because I'm watching the show. Is It a great show? I Love it. It has real Veronica Mars vibes. Oh, Fun.


But it's, it's like Dexter meets Veronica Mars. Oh. But I've never seen Dexter. Okay. Okay. Let's watch this real quick. Yeah. You know, I was watching an episode of you where measles came up. Wait, wait, wait. When did I mention measles? I don't know. It was on you. What, what, what was on me? What are talking about? Right. I never had The Meles was on you. We never did a, we never did a measles and vaccine episode of my Is this a joke? I know I Don you. You're talking about It was on you. It was on you. I never had Raymond.


I've never had musical talking about stupid. It's an episode of a show. Laura, what's it called? You, you on me? I just completely give up. We gotta, so I give up you on Netflix. There's a show called, I'm Moving on to Adele. I can't explain this to, What was he talking about? An Oprah. So stupid. It's so funny. It's a real life. Who's on It really is. Yeah. Oh my God. Anyway, so I, yeah, I started You Random.


It like popped up as the next, this never works out. Right, right. Auto Recommend auto play or whatever. And I was like, sure. Why not Watch the whole thing. And then last night stayed up so late, I couldn't even look at the time. I was too afraid to look. Oh wow. And watch all of season two. How many episodes in each? 10? 10. So you watched 20 episodes. They're like 45 ish minutes. Whoa. Yes. Oh my God. Okay. So it is Penn Badley from Gossip Girl. Okay. Who I loved back then. Dan Humphrey. Okay, great. And he recently, he has a podcast, but also I saw there's like an Instagram kind of viral video of him like dancing on one of these talk shows.


And I was like, well, or Well, okay. I, in my opinion. Yeah. Yeah. And so I was like, Oh yeah, I love him. Oh yeah. And then He talks, oh, so dancing is attractive. Yes. It, you know what it is. Okay. Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna circle back. I didn't say it wasn't right. Right, right. You just didn't put it very high on the list. Yeah. But turns out it's really hot. Yeah. So anyway, then it pops up and he is a, he's a stalker. Like he's obsessed with this woman. Oh. There's like murder. Oh, He's a psychopath. Ah. But there, it's a love story. And he's hot and it's, it's confus. It's confusing. Yes.


It's sexy. It's scary. Yeah. Very thin line for women there. Well I know. And I, I hated myself. Of course. Sure. I heard him say on an interview, something like that. Like, or someone asked like, what do you think of when people say he's hot? Yeah. And he was like, he's a killer. Right. So I saw that clip before I watched a show and I was like, yeah, he's right. This is, people are crazy. Yeah. And then of course I'm like, he's hot. Yeah. He's also tricky 'cause he's like kind of a good boyfriend if he wasn't a murder and putting people in cages. Right. Yeah. Who, who, who just was everyone obsessed with that also was a murderer.


Wasn't there recently someone, everyone thought was hot. Is it the United Health? Oh gosh. Assassin. Where people like really horny for him. Yes. Luigi. Luigi. Luigi. That one IF. That's real life. So I find that much more complicated. I do not think He's hot. You don't think he's hot? No. I don't think there's anything good about killing. Do you think he was hot without the murder? There's no way for me to know. Yeah. You can't go back in time. You have very powerful eyebrows. I don't think murder is hot in real life. And I don't think vigilantes are hot. Okay. I'm gonna say that. Good to know. I'm not, there's a lot of people that are like good for him.


Oh yeah. And I, I disagree. Yeah. Yeah. I disagree. Holy. Yeah. I think that industry is evil and I don't think you're allowed to kill people. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Except, and the show. Sometimes he does kill some people I really don't like. And it is vigilant. Then you're happy and like it's for kids. Mm. He's protect sometimes he protects kids. He's weird. He is like kind of this like good friend and what, Hard to pin down mixed messages. Really. Of course you're horny for Yeah. Mixed messages. Yeah. Anyway, I am loving it. Oh Wow. That's great. Five seasons. Oh, there's five se Oh, so you're fucked for the whole week.


I know. So what time did you go to bed? Do you know? I Know, I really don't know. But I was so tired when my alarm went off at nine. Okay. Yeah. So Probably, and I'm have to go two or three back to bed. Probably three. Wow. You're nasty. I Can't help myself. I know you're indulgent. And because I'm scared a little. Like it's very cliffhangery. It's very good at keeping you on the hook. Yeah. So I'm a little too scared in those scenarios to go to bed. Mm. Like I need to know how it's completed. But they do a good job at the end of each season too. So you never know. I did star episode three, but then I was like, Monica, no. Yeah. You got to stop. I gotta stop. Yeah. So I turned it off out halfway through that when I woke up this morning.


Yeah. After so much murder. Yeah. I was like, I think I need to take a break today Because It really gets infiltrated And then I, it made me think this is what's happening with boys and video games. Oh. They're just, it's like a constant, they're living in this world that's dark and bleak and they're shooting people and stuff and then like reality starts to disappear. Mm. You're feeling that happen to you? Well I just could see it. Creepy. Creepy. This is your ooc D. Creepy. Creepy. This is, you think you're a per, you're a killer or you think you're a pervert? I don't. Okay. In this show it's a lot of voiceover.


'cause you are, you're hearing his thoughts. Yeah. And so then today I was kind of hearing my thoughts like that. Right. And I thought, I need to take a break. Yeah. Take a little break. No, but I also really wanna know what happens. Keep going. Alright. Let's see if there's anything else. I wanna talk about you. You know, you're really tunnel vision. It's easy. I get why. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I get how It happened. He's only so culpable. It was very confusing. But it was just, And he didn't do a good job. Like he should have recognized what was going on much sooner and said it's a television show on Netflix. And the title is you And the title is you YOU.


Yes. And not Laura Ingram. But He did end up saying it's a show on Netflix called You. And she still on Netflix. But he did. He did say I was watching you about seven times before. It's a show on Netflix. It's so good. I almost feel like it's fake and I don't wanna like look to it. I It don't think so. I Don't either. He's such a genuine reaction from her. Alright, Well that's it. Let's move into facts. Yeah, yeah. Facts. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Liquid iv. If you're feeling run down, have lower energy than usual or getting headaches. Did you know dehydration could be contributing to that? Get this. 20 to 30% of older adults are chronically dehydrated and 75% of US adults don't meet their daily water requirements. If you might be in that statistic, you gotta try Liquid iv. There's small convenient packs that you mix into water to provide you with long lasting hydration that's gonna help you feel your best. Whether you're crushing a workout or just going about your day to day. You know, all I do is talk about electrolytes. I know. Well, I just love the convenience. So I'm about to go to New York and I just pop in five little packages. Yes. And I barely notice they're in there. And then I just add 'em to my water and I'm straight. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick of Liquid IV gives you three times the electrolytes, then the leading sports drink. And with tons of delicious flavors, you're not only gonna love how you feel, you're gonna love how it tastes too. Give yourself the power of extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with Code dax@liquidiv.com.


So facts for Nick Kroll. When he said daddy's money, when he brought that, I keep thinking how funny that was when he said that. Do you remember that? Yes. I don't care. 'cause I have daddy's money. Yeah, that was so funny. Also, I wrote down specifically when he said, sick little cutie. I laughed so hard at sick. Little cutie. I thought that was the funniest. It was just a sick little cutie. Yeah, he was a mess. He was coughing and snoring. Yeah. Little indigestion there for a minute. I fucking loved it. It was great. Yeah. And then I was kind of like, oh, sick little cutie is kind of like my kink.


That is your kink. Yeah. Sick little cutie. That could be your clothing line. Sick little cuties. Sick little cuties. Anyway, that was just, it really made me laugh. He's so funny. But It's more than that. He's got that thing some people have where he is just like infinitely comfortable in his own skin, which is so appealing. Yeah. It's such a comforting personality type. It is. Yeah. The women came after me. Just should, should I tell you that? What do you mean? The women on my, what I thought was an incredibly obvious joke about period, period underwear. Oh yeah. It Was a joke And Tampa Pack joke. Such a joke.


Some women really came at me hard. I Think they also might, I don't know if they really think that or if they're like playing along. They're Playing your role maybe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. We really did uncover though something with the X. Yeah, I know, because Maxi Pad. Yeah, Tam Pax Maxi Pad would've been the first Probably. Yeah. And then Nicks and then thinks what is it? Thinks That's another brand of, thanks Spanx. I may go on your, they cover your, that's different, But, okay. Yeah. Women X because X chromosome, someone said, someone suggested that in the comments, and I think that's brilliant. And I don't think that's what it is, but that's a brilliant, How could you possibly know?


I'm just trying to imagine the tampax people going like, okay, let's call it, it's, it's a tampon, but let's, let's build on that and let's add X 'cause of the chromosome. I just, I What's your, what's your, you know, idea That they wanted to imbue a sense of max, like Max comfort. Max absorption. Max freshness Max. What was the word? Huh? They had the word attached to Tampax in the ad we showed. Oh, radiant Max Radiance. But it's not, it's Tampax. Yeah. Not Tam. Max Tam.


I think it's X chromosome. That's good. It's good. We'd have to track down whoever named Maxi Pad. That's the original. I bet. I bet you can. You can do that and come back to us. Are you, do you think they're alive? Ooh, probably They're kids. Are kids of kids. Okay. Well, why you read a fact? I'm gonna ask AI if the inventor of Maxi Pads is still alive. Okay, great. Is the inventor of Maxi Pads still alive? If people listened to the CTE episode with Chris Nowinski, and then also it came up in another episode, the P baby. We had AI make a video of us originally talking about the P baby, the original story of P Baby.


Oh, really? Yeah. And we're, I'm gonna post it tomorrow, but, so by the time you listen to this, it will be posted and I really, really recommend people going to watch this. It'll be on our Instagram, because for one, the story is just, you need a good reminder of the P baby. But the AI is hilarious. Oh, I can't wait to see It. And it's like a version of you and me, like the AI made versions of us. Wow. It's so funny. Funny. Well, I can't wait to see. Yeah. Were you holding this as a surprise for me? No, I was, oh, you just forgot I'm doing stuff. You know, you, You got things to do. Anyway, so check that out. Check out the P Baby and the ai.


It just reminded me. Ai. Okay, Great. Did it respond? Well, It had to have Mary Beatriz Davidson Kenner, an African American inventor is renowned for her development of the adjustable sanitary belt, a precursor to the modern Maxi pad. Okay. So they really went back. That was 1912. Oh, wow. Okay. She passed away in oh six. So that's off the table. Kenner's invention patented. And it is featured a moisture proof pocket designed to hold menstrual pads securely in place innovation. Okay. Wearing her face racial discrimination. That's a bummer. And of course was awarded five patents. In summary, Mary Bs Davis and Ken passed away.


And I was like, okay. So I don't know if we're giving her credit for Maxi Pat or she did the belt. Okay. Okay. Alright. So we didn't learn anything. Nothing. Absolutely Nothing. Okay, great. Now, what are the most watched shows on Netflix? Hmm. This is on Wikipedia and notoriously Netflix doesn't really release this information, so, or They do it weird. They do it. They'll do like a minute. Like, so I just saw this and congrats to Al and Minka Kelly. Oh, friends Of the pod, ransom Canyon. Ransom Canyon has 2.6 billion minutes viewed. Oh yeah. And to put it in perspective, mob Land, who, which I love and is seemingly a hit, everyone I know is watching it had like 580 million, so Wow.


A four and a half acts of second place Wooey, But they do minutes. Right. So that's an interesting way to to, to quantify it. Interesting. As opposed to like households who watch it. Is it minutes or hours? Minutes. Interesting. Yeah. Okay. Well this is just Wikipedia. Oh. And its most popular television series by hours watching their first 28 days. Number one is Squid Game Season one. Yeah. Stranger Things. Oh yeah. Is number two. Three is Wednesday. Okay. Four is Squid Game. Season two Five is Dahmer Monster. The Jeffrey Dahmer story.


Wow. I wouldn't have picked that up. Just from walking around and people telling me to watch stuff. Yeah. That one's a surprise for me. Six is Money Heist. That was a big European big show. Yes. I think maybe it was in Spanish, I think. Yeah. Anna turned us onto it. She loved it. Yeah. Oh, wait, no, sorry. That's, so six is Money Heist part five. Okay. Interesting. Seven, eight, and nine. Our Bridger 10. Season one, two, and three. Ah-huh. And then 10 Money Heist Part Four. Okay. 11. Stranger Things.


I need to Give Money. Heist. Another shot. It was, it was subtitled. Yeah, I think so. I know. I would, I would watch that. I'm still in er. Oh, I know what I started, which is so fucking good. The pit deli boys. Oh, I wanna, Charlie boy have you. You gotta Try it. Yeah, I wanna, It's such a unique tone that they are pulling off beautifully. Nice. It's fantastic. Cool. I love that. You know, I like discovering these hiccups in my thinking. And, and so there's a joke in Deli Boys, they have to deal with this Italian mob boss quite often. And they're Pakistani and the, the, the patriarch of, not even the patriarch, one of the partners in the criminal organization, an older guy, he hates Indians.


Right. He's constantly talking about how he hates Indians. And so he is sitting across from this Italian mobster, and he, he says, Pakistani, but I'm telling the truth. Indians are terrible. And the Italian goes, oh, I thought you were Indian. And he goes, no, I'm not. And they are our mortal enemy. And then the, the mob, the Italian mobster goes, so you guys look identical to each other and you hate one another. And he goes, oh, cookie just got canceled. He is like a, then they all laugh. The notion of a mobster could get canceled. Oh. Oh, that's funny. But then I was like, I think people do go how these two people hate each other so much.


They're clearly related. And then I was like, yeah, I would never think that about the Irish and the English. Exactly. The French and the English. Yeah. And then I wondered if people in India are looking at those people going like, wait, you guys are the same people. Why are you fighting? Well, I wonder if it's like, whatever. Ingroup, you're in the out. It seems crazy on the outside. It's always about land and Religion. Often Religion. But yeah. Who owns what and yeah. And it's, I mean it's, that's very timely. 'cause India and Pakistan were, Well, this was obviously made before. They've now launched missiles at each other. Exactly. But they're in a ceasefire. Yeah. But anyway. Okay. Seth McFarland and Nick, that conversation, that's the sag on the sag after foundation YouTube.


Yeah. So you can watch that there. If you're interested in animation. Pretty Unique conversation. Okay. The seasons of Seth McFarland shows how many family guy? 23 seasons. American Dad, 19 Seasons Cleveland Show. Four Seasons. 46. Wow. 46 television. 46 seasons of television. That's really it. That's all the facts. Yeah. Well, Nick Kroll, we love you. Well, there was one more. We pray for your, not really a fact. Speedy Recovery. He's gonna be sick for another 10 years or so. Yeah. Like six, six more years.


He's got of being sick. We're not sick anymore. Well, you kind of are, you're still kind of sick. Probably more sick than I was. Pre-kids in general. Yeah. But like, they just stop putting their fingers in each other's mouths and butts and like, like they just, they get a little more separated as they get older. Speaking of kids. Yeah. I wasn't sure if I was gonna bring this up, but why not? Yeah, why not? I said I was racist, you know? Well, no, this isn't negative towards kids. Well, right. I'm just saying I revealed a lot that I had some vestige racial thinking that I caught myself. Sure, sure. Yeah. Okay.


Mother's Day, we just had Mother's Day. Right. Yeah. It's getting increasingly harder for me. Okay. And I think from, for like so many reasons. Yeah. That feel overwhelming. Yeah. And I'm just tracking that, that it's starting to feel really tough. I'm glad I go home, I go home. I've gone home the last couple years And it's nice to be with my mom and I know it makes them very happy. So I like doing that. But there is something about being there that's hard when I'm there.


Especially for moments, events, yearly events, the pass, like time starts to feel very oppressive. Yeah. The passage of time. Yeah. You know, we're we're, we go to the same places and you know, I'm going to this like mall that I went to when I was in high school. And to see it be so much the same and also so different, it's just, it feels, it feels sad. It feels melancholic. Right. And, and then seeing my parents' age Yes. Is so hard. The lack of permanence to everything. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And I can Buddhism kind of Buddhism.


I know. Yeah. And I, when I'm not there, I can detach from it when I'm here. And you can keep it time locked in your mind and memory. Yes. And I, I think I can just compartmentalize in a, like, they're there and that's happening, but I'm not seeing day to day like the little things that are changing. So it's kind, it's kind of hard to be there, even though I'm, I'm glad I make that decision. It, that's a little hard. And then I also know being here would be hard because all of my friends have kids. Yeah. And that is painful in its own way. And like, it just feels sort of like, this day's hard.


Is it, is it painful 'cause you feel like you're missing out on the mothering experience? Or is it painful 'cause you feel excluded from your friends in a way? I, Which pain is it? I think it's both. I think it's, it's so tricky because it's not like on a day to day, I think of the pain of not having children, but on that day, yes, I am away. I'm just very aware that I don't Yeah. And that it's not, it wasn't really a choice, it's just the way my life went Right. Unfolded. Yeah. It unfolded in this way.


I made decisions that took me in certain places. I, you know, I'm not married to my high school sweetheart. I didn't have one, you know? And yeah, I'm just like aware, like, oh, my life hasn't gone, didn't go that way. Right. And yes, I can still make decisions that might lead to that, but it's different. It's like really different now. The, me having a kid now is a real choice. It is not like, oh, I fell in love with this person, and then maybe we'll have kids. That's the next step. It's, I have to Make, oops, I'm right now, what do we do? Fuck it. Let's do it. Exactly. Yeah. It's real, real hard decision making.


Yeah. I kind of, I don't, yeah. And that's, that's an annoying thing to have to think about. Yeah. So, yeah, I guess just sharing it was a hard take Closer or further, I don't know. Right. Like, it, it, it, it, it makes me feel, feel like, oh, I wish I had that, but does it make me feel like I'm gonna take those steps to do it? If I were you, I would just want to be crystal clear if it is a desire to have the experience versus the a student in you. I know That's hard to know, which is driving it, but I think one is worth chasing and one is worth overcoming.


Yeah. I know. I don't know. Again, that's a question that I, I have to ask that I'm kind of resentful that I have to ask resentful towards my, like, towards life, I guess. Because I know that if I was married and in a partnership, I would, I would have kids. Right. I would want that. Yeah. So what Does a guy in your situation do? Like what does this 37-year-old guy who can't go get a donor? Well, they could, I mean, yeah, they could. And then they gotta get a surrogate. And it's definitely more complicated. You're like, you're a stop at a sperm bank away from having a kid.


Well, maybe, I mean, well Maybe because of fertility, but Exactly. But you know, like a a a, a dude who's not loaded and can't pay for a surrogate and, and a egg and all that stuff. I wonder what, how they wrestle with it, you know? Yeah. I mean, I, I assume it's the same feeling and the same thing. Like, I guess I have to figure out if I'm gonna like, just be with a person I don't wanna be with, or, or take those steps in some ways. I mean, it's, it's all hard. But I think for a man, if they have the means, I mean, a lot of women don't have the means to do any of this either.


So How much is a sperm donor that's not terribly expensive, is It? But to your egg, like, you know, do retrievals and it's expensive. Well that, but let's just say you, You have to remove the eggs in order to make the embryo to implant. Oh, implant. They can't put a baster in you and do it. Oh, They can try. Try all You're ovulating. Yeah. Some people that works. For some people it's pretty hard. Yeah. For it to take. Okay. But it works for some people. But then if that doesn't work, you've spent money doing that and then you have to, you know, it's a lot. Right. But for a man, they can make the embryo, you know, they'll take the egg, the sperm, they'll make the embryo and then they'll implant it into a surrogate. Yeah. I imagine that's a pricey endeavor. I'm sure fertility is so expensive.


Yeah. Another thing that's like, that's a cost that it wouldn't be a cost. I mean, having kids is an insane cost. Right. In general. But pure Mental health and Yeah. Diapers. Diapers. Ding ding ding. That came up in Nick Crows Fat Di Your Ds. And they went bankrupt. Yeah. My diapers went bankrupt. Bad for business. Anyway, I just thought I would share it because I'm sure it's complicated for a lot of people. Surely Mother's Day, For so many reasons. Carrie sent me this incredible post that a girl at our high school had put on Facebook, and she was a grade younger than us, I believe. I didn't like, of course I didn't recognize her right away.


But it was this really heartfelt, beautiful post about the complicated nature of Mother's Day and how she basically had to say goodbye to her mom at 16. 'cause the mom moved to Arizona and the mom was not healthy, mom. And so this girl was living, going to my school. Yeah. Living on her own. Oh my God. Paying for an apartment. She sent it to me because she goes, side note, that's fun. I was once in detention and DD Shepherd said to me, what'd they put you in for? Oh, that's funny. And then went on to say, don't worry about all this. Your life's really gonna start in two minutes. And I know mine's not ending here in this dete. Oh wow. So she claimed whether I said that or not, who knows?


Maybe in her mind I said that. But I'm delighted that on that detention, should we had a fun, you know, like a fun Yeah. An interaction. Yeah. But it was just a really sweet post and a reminder of like, man, some kids like the experience. Yeah. Can be so rad. Carrie sent it to me going, I'm such a fucking asshole for bitching about my two loving parents who, you know, whatever. Yeah. But like hard. But yeah, there's kids in your high school that are like, they're supporting themselves and living an apartment. Yeah. And they don't have any parents. Yeah. It's that. Okay. And anyway, well, that's it. All right. Love you. Love you.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


This is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex-fiance, guys and resident nineties experts. And every week on our podcast, the best idea yet, we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit? Oh. Or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one, which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame. And then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the Orange Mocha. Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doc.