
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Rather, and I'm joined by Modest Mouse. Hi Jim. Modest Mouse is going on tour this summer and I really wanna see them. Oh my God, they're not coming to the West Coast. Oh, Well do you think they'll send us some merch? 'cause I would really love a shirt that says that Modest Mouse. Will you send us some merch? We should just go buy some merch. And They were just here in the fall. I saw them. Oh, They Were here in the fall. Yep. They did a good news tour. They're in a, they're doing a Southern tour. I saw Asheville's on the list.


Oh. So maybe while while I'm in Nashville I can go see them somewhere. Okay. Anyways, that's not who Our guest is. It's not Modest Mouse. I do love Modest Mouse. Our guest is Nikki Glaser. This couldn't have been more fun. I am so delighted, so fun. We decided to explore Our history. Our history. It was so fun. I really, really, really like her. She's a standup comedian, an actor and a television host. Her credits include Nikki Glaser. Someday you'll Die. Great. Standup routine. F Boy Island. Welcome home. Nikki Glaser. Not Safe with Nikki Glaser banging and her tour. You can go see her right now live. She is coming by you.


I've looked at the list. She's going everywhere. It's a huge tour. It's called a Alive and Unwell Tour. Go to Nikki Glaser dot com for tickets And she hosted the Golden Globes G Squared big event. That's right. Please enjoy Nikki Glaser.


We are supported by the all new Galaxy S 25 Ultra from Samsung. This phone is a true AI companion that evolves with you to do more for you like handling multiple tasks with just one ask. For example, you can tell it to find a restaurant nearby and text it to my friends or look up my favorite basketball team schedule and add it to my calendar. And it does it just like that. You just speak the request naturally. And the new Galaxy S 25 Ultra takes care of the rest. Okay, this is what AI was meant for. That is Seamless Plus. Now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings that keep you a step ahead. It'll show you your appointments, the weather, your energy score and more all in one place. Ready to let AI do more for you. So you can do you then get your Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection. Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and requires Samsung account login.


We are supported by the limited series zero Day only on Netflix in Netflix's new limited series zero Day. The country is devastated by a catastrophic cyber attack that downs America's infrastructure. A respected former president played by acting legend. Robert De Niro is called out of retirement to lead a commission with broad powers to find the perpetrators, only to discover he may be losing his grip on truth and possibly reality. This is pretty iconic because it's Robert De Niro's first ever television series and he also is executive producing boss. Move Zero Day has an incredible cast including Angela Bassett, Jesse Clemens, Connie Britton, and Lizzie Kaplan. What a cast. I'm so excited to watch this. I cannot wait to watch episode of after episode with De Niro as the star. Right. From creatives that brought us Homeland, mad Men, the watcher and Narcos. You've gotta check out the next great TV series. Zero Day. Zero Day is now playing only on Netflix.


He's in In the hours and days before a podcast like this. I'm like, oh, people are just having to study me right now. Yeah. Does it make you ner? No. It makes me feel bad because I have imposter syndrome that I'm not good and I'm like, he's gonna know that I'm not good now. Yeah. If you pays too much attention, he's gonna figure out that I'm a Bra between the lines. Yes. If you Just look at the things that are posted, you're like, oh, she's talented. But If you like get into it, you might like, Let me ask you just as baseline, how nervous do you get for things?


Obviously you're brave as fuck you go on stage, but like when you go to Stern and I'm not comparing myself to that. Yeah. Just what's the nerves outta 10 for stern? Well, I kind of set things up so that I can't be, because I'm so worried about the roast or I'm so worried about the globes that it's almost like, oh, I have to do stern too. So it kind of takes away from that. Right. You don't even have an opportunity to spin out about it because it's just too much shit's in front of you. I love when things happen last minute or they kind of just are thrust upon you. I don't like to have a lot of time to think about things. Yes. Because when I do, I freak out. So everything in my life is five minutes before every appointment. My assistant will be like, do you want 30 minutes between that? I go for what? To think about what I've just done. So no, everything's stacked. The first time I did stern, I laid in bed that night anticipating every single conceivable question.


Whoa. And then planning what my response would be. That's good. I think, I mean it was in some way, 'cause I went in knowing, okay, I've slept with some famous women. I know he is gonna want to talk about that. I have to have a game plan for that. I'm obviously not gonna talk about it, but I don't want to piss him off or disappoint the audience. Yeah. Wanna audience. Yeah. You wanna be a fun guest? Yes. So what worked was, I was like, I'm gonna pivot to addiction every time because I know he also loves that and I'm happy to give him that. And that's just me. It's like either talk about anal or your addictions and your neurosis. Those Virgin, which Are all the same thing. Really? Yes. Truly. Can they? Yeah. They really are. They're connected. Yeah. They're all connected. They're absolutely, I tend to under prepare so that when it goes poorly, I have an excuse.


I think that's also why I stack my life is so that I don't have time to prepare. So I always have an excuse for when I'm not good. Yeah. You have some kind of plausible deniability, But it never goes poorly. If I plan planning does work, I should just do that. Do you do what I do? Which is, and we'll go right to it. When I had heard, did you hear us talking about the Golden Globes thing? Yeah. I don't like to hear people talking about me. Yes. So I did not listen, but I heard it was talked about almost You have to. 'cause people never relay it the same. I'll hear like, so and so was shit talking to you. And then I listen to it, I'm like, that's not really what Happened. No, you should listen Back. So my experience was bumping into Jesse Isenberg, him telling me, did you hear We were in the New York Times yesterday. And I'm like, no, I didn't know we were in the New York Times. And then he said, yes, apparently Nikki had written two jokes that were too hot for tv, Too Hot.


And it was in the New York Times. So I returned to my seat before the monologue starts and I'm thinking, she's gonna fuck me up hardcore. I'm sure the version she backed off of is still gonna destroy my field. Oh. So I Oh, hold that. Hold. This is not to make you feel guilty. No, I hate that you were like bracing for impact. It was more like, I have to have a response that doesn't make me look like an asshole. Yeah. I've gotta somehow find the humor in whatever mean thing she says about me. Gracious loser face, they call it. Yeah. Yeah. Graciously. So I'm like almost practicing. Oh God, The suffices say the whole monologue. Every time it was about me, I was like, oh, okay. Whew. So nothing happened. Then reality hits you and you're like, of course nothing happened. There's so many bigger people in this room to make a joke about why on earth would she even make one about me.


That's not why I didn't. Okay. All to say you do do stern the following day. And then I start seeing in the comments of our episode that day, like, did you hear Nikki's joke about you? And I wrote to several people. No. And I hope to never hear it. Yeah. But you must know what I then crafted in my head that your joke was they were so fucking mean. They hurt so bad. 'cause they were my deepest insecurities. And three days goes by and Kristen finally went and listened and she came in, she goes, the joke's, nothing is that you were going ask everyone to be on your podcasts. Yeah. And I was like, oh my God. Where my mind was at. This Is the worst part of my job is that I make make people, people feel this way.


We have to. Yeah. I wanna hear that Now. None Of that is to make you feel bad at No, No, no. I'm not taking it like that. Okay, good. This is all the racket in my head. Sure. And so when I'm about to do stern, I'm also preparing for things he's not gonna say to me Yes. Because no one is as mean to me as me. No one sometimes. Okay, the internet exists. I will say that sometimes I've done a roast and they'll find something about me that I'm like, I thought that was just a me thing that I say to my friends and they go, no one else sees that about you. And then someone else has seen it. And so sometimes it can hurt a lot. But generally I've bullied myself more than anyone possibly could. But that joke, the reason I didn't do it, you know the joke was everyone from TV and movies come together for one common goal to get out of here without Dax Shepard asking them to do their podcast.


It's a great joke. Okay. First of all, it doesn't work because everyone does wanna do your podcast. So I was testing it out around town. And because you're not known as a podcast that's like, oh I gotta go do this. It's funny because your name is great. It adds a good joke, texture. Sure. It Sounds like a Company. Yeah. It's got a good company. It's got a good mouth feel. Which you say sounds like A vape company. Sounds like a brand of vape. We were really trying to rack our brains of who's a celebrity in that room, who people are trying to avoid a conversation with. And I don't even think we landed on it when I heard that was the joke, it didn't bother me at all because it's a shortcoming to mind that I won't invite anyone on. Right. Because I'm so afraid they think I'm opportunistic. And then secondly, several people there had come up to me very nicely and said, I just want you to know that was one of my favorite interviews.


So my self-esteem in that category was so filled. Yes. That it didn't bother me at all. Yeah. But when it was gonna be that I was too ugly to be with her and I'm riding her coattails and all these fears I have that people think about me. Oh my God. Well you still are. I'm preparing for that. In my defense, there were many, many buzzfeedy type things of top 10 ugly guys with hot girls. And I made those list. Why is that? Okay. So I just went to, well that's probably what's coming my way. You don't want me apology 'cause you didn't do the things that I was crafting. No. I'm so sorry that you gotta deal with that chick. There's nothing worse than feeling ugly. And I feel ugly a lot too. And for me to hear you say you feel ugly is probably the way that people feel when I say it. Because I know I'm not like a total dog.


Neither of us are monsters. But We can't help that we feel that way because to me I'm like, how could he feel ugly? But I don't get to tell you, you don't get to feel ugly because that's your own feeling. I wouldn't make an ugly joke about someone that was actually ugly, I feel like is the thing. Exactly. But you don't realize that people who aren't ugly feel ugly. So when you make the joke that you go, I only said you were that 'cause you're not or whatever, it's yes. But everyone feels these things that anyone else would say. No way you are. Well the two things I hope that got to you were a, I thought you did a brilliant job. Thanks. You did such a good job. And your jokes were so fucking good. Even Though you're probably blacked out during the whole thing. Just waiting. Well it was like waves of relief. I know that feeling of they're gonna say something about me and just waiting. You can't even hear. You're just kind of like, I'm even self-conscious that when they go to her for her category, I'm like, this is such a rough look for me to just kind of be half in or out of the, I mean stick.


Yeah. I'm like, should I bail out or should I commit fully? We're here together. I don't belong there. You know all these thoughts. I'm Feeling like you don't belong there when you're a plus one, if it's your wife. I can't accomplish enough to not feel that way. A hundred percent. I was at the Grammy's last night and I felt that way. I wanted to ask. You had a whole Bit there though. Yeah. You had to rip off Benson Boone's clothes. Yeah, that was great. But I almost wondered if you're relieved of it there. I feel like I could go to the Grammy's and be fine. I don't belong there. Yeah. It's the, I almost belong there. Or do I don't. I could belong here, but I wasn't really invited. Oh. Sometimes I did belong here, but I don't think anymore. I was toasting the Golden Globes and was like, I'm a frog. I don't belong here. I'm embarrassed. These people even have to listen to me. Me. These are all a-listers. Ray Fines has to know my name now my name is taking space up in Ray Fine's brain.


Angela had to like sit there, listen to me for nine minutes. When you start thinking about things like that, you're like, who am I to beg for these people's attention? Even backstage after I perform, I never really wanna see the crowd because I feel like they will feel like they have to say good job if they don't want to. And then if they don't say good job, I'm like what the fuck? You actually get great at delineating the difference between an obligatory good job and the real one. Oh yeah. And now your standard of what a real one is becomes preposterous. Yes. And there's almost nothing good enough that anyone can say I want to send you at some point someone sent me, it's great, it's from Garrison Keeler. And he talks about his fae humility. What a ruse it is. 'cause not only does he want people to talk about him and think about him, but he actually wants them to kneel and pray to him as a sun God.


But that's really what his ego desires. You just need to be a sun God. Or not even play The game or nothing. God our bust. Please send that to me because it's so nice when you find that other people feel these exact same things that you feel so ridiculous. Feeling grody. I was backstage, the next presenter would be backstage as well. You know Nicholas Cage or Harrison Ford. And I would stand at the bottom. They're like, you need to go up the steps. You're introducing them. And I go, I just wanna stay down here. 'cause I don't want them to have to go, oh yeah, good job. Like they can't say nothing. They're gonna feel obligated to say something. Even when I'm on stage, I won't look people in the eye because I feel like when you do, they have to go, ha. I don't wanna coerce someone into saying good job.


I want them to have to like go outta their way or because they want to. I'm doing all those tabulations too. How exhausting. So I of course got so many texts and it was like, did you see Stern? I was like, whoa God, I really hope he didn't see it. Also, Dax is obsessed with stern. Like Stern is his idol. Okay, I didn't realize that. I too, you don't need too went to watch. And I was like, oh this is fine. But then I was annoyed because I was like, he actually doesn't do this and now he's gonna do it even less and I need him to do it. Exactly. And I damned her and I was like, Hey, we really wanna have you on. Also, Dax isn't the one asking people, it's me. Can you come on? Yes. And that's why the joke didn't work. I got the sense that that's not how you operate at all.


And why don't you operate that way? This is one of the biggest things you can be on. Do you not realize that? Or do you just still feel like it's so deep despite it, they still don't want to. It's my foundation. Single mother, three kids, everyone needs something. She doesn't have enough time. The way you showed people you love them is to never, ever, ever be a drain on them. Yes. In any way whatsoever. The way you would show love is to be completely self-sufficient and never need anything from you. This is a big issue in my marriage, which is she likes acts of service and I'm like me wanting you to do something for me, to me reads as like, I don't even love you or value you. So I don't want to be a pain in the ass to anybody to a fault. Me needing things from you in favors. There's no way you would like me. Everyone needs people, you guys.


Yes. Everyone needs favors or do they? And people like being asked. They do for things. Yes. I like being asked. I Do too. So why do we think people are different than us? I listen. I don't wanna pretend that I've made no movement on this. I have it started in a personal capacity where I'm really spinning out about something. I've just now learning to reach out to someone who's been through this and say like, Hey, I'm going through this. What was your experience? People Love that. Yes. I love it too. Everyone wants to be the sun God that people are asking. Yes. They really do. Nice too. Well, last night I was at the Grammys. I feel like I don't belong there. I don't want people even noticing me to go like, why is she here? Even though I was nominated for Grammys, I didn't win. I was so mad I didn't win.


Only because I wanted to bring my Grammy to hold it to be like I belong. I just wanted to have a reason to be there. So I was being very small and then people were coming up to me, people I'm fans of. And my boyfriend had to talk with me after we were just kind of doing a debrief afterwards. He's like, I think you have to remember that you need to go up to people next time. You going up to someone will be the same gift as Olivia. Rodrigo coming up to you. 'cause that was like the biggest gift of my life was someone I admire so much coming up to me to say she was a fan. He was like, but you could go give that to people. Yeah. Yes. And I was like, I don't think of anyone thinking that they would want that from me. Did you talk to Taylor? I didn't. Everyone wants a piece. I will never be the one to be like, excuse me, ever. It's almost rude what I do when I'm in the same room as Taylor Swift because I won't even look her way.


She's like tapping you on the shoulder. It will take that because I just will never, and everyone goes, go up and say something to her and there's no way that she's dying for that in a night like this where everyone's doing it. And of course she would be so nice. I know exactly how it would go down, but I don't wanna take someone's energy a way that I get. It require their energy to be put into making great music. I don't want her to make a less great song. 'cause she had to be like, nice to meet you. Oh and hold me as I'm crying, give you the full swifty treatment tells me I can't bother her for both. I generally have award shows, get pretty depressed no matter what happens. Because I'm around all these famous people that I put on a pedestal and I kind of see the facade of it all and the desperation and they're all wearing uncomfortable clothes and have the fake hair in.


And I'm like, we're all clamoring to be noticed and a little bit disappointed when we're not. It makes me a little bit sad 'cause I'm like, no matter how big you get, you kind of worry about who's in the room, who's looking at you, where you're seated. I kind of go through a depression afterwards. It's seen the magic trick a bit. You realize, oh there isn't any pixie dust. There is pixie dust. There's magical moments where you're like, wow, that person's so talented. They're so amazing. Just even watching Chapel Rowan last night, Sabrina Carpenter Ray who I had never heard of. Yeah. But watching her was just transcendent. Definitely musicians when they're doing their thing. And If you were watching the people in the room act perhaps, right? Yes. But you're just seeing them not lit and not in a riveting drama. And they're just people. The reason I brought up the thing is 'cause I wanted to do a full circle.


And this is important to say 'cause I was a little annoyed and I was upset on your behalf and upset on my behalf because I was like, Ugh, yeah, this is gonna be a problem for me. So Kristen is hosting the SAG awards. Oh my God. Really? Yes. And she hosted them in 2018 and that's when I was her producing partner and creative partner. And so I wrote her monologue and I did all that stuff for her then. And so she asked me to do that this time. So I went back to look at that original monologue. I kid you not, there is a joke that is a Mark Marin That Monica wrote That I wrote. We didn't have our show yet. That is literally no way.


The exact same way joke. I loved that show. My jaw dropped. I had no memory of writing that joke. And also I was like, this joke is fine. So that joke has to be fine too. Oh that makes me feel so good. It doesn't mean Anything. And by the way, doesn't he killed, he killed his closeup. Kristen showed it to me. She's like, well I mean look at this. We did the same thing. It's so funny. That makes me so happy. I was like, I wrote this exact saying, I think this. It's so nice to hear that because I think that happens all the time where people get mad about something and you've just done it before and no one will ever admit that they've done it before. But even when I get mad, everyone's such a hypocrite. Not that you were. No, I was unintentionally.


Yeah. Well I didn't know. I hope that got to you in our debrief as well, which is as I was listening to the monologue panic that I was gonna get made fun of, I was doing a personal inventory and I was going, you have done this many times. I have been on Conan making fun of the cast of the expendables. 'cause I had a movie coming out against them and they're easy targets and I can do all their accents. Maybe Sly was at home bombed. It's hard for me to imagine that, but maybe 'cause again, in that situation I'm insignificant and I'm almost speaking in a vacuum. These people won't really hear me. And I was on punked where we put celebrities in very rough situations and hopefully they acted poorly. And at no point did I act like I was above that. What I more was starting to feel was a kind of compassion for both of us.


That's really nice. I Want to get invited to the party. And the way I got invited to the party was like, yeah, you can come to the party If you shit on people on punked. And I was like, okay, I'll do It. And then you get to the party and the people you shit on are there for Years. I'm bumping into a timberlake and he hates my guts. And I'm like, don't you understand buddy? I was like dead broke and that was my only chance. Oh My God. So he places you from that. We've Had 'em on and we talked it all through. But yeah, I would see him for years and it was like, yeah, that guy doesn't like me. And for good reason. You forget these people have feelings. And at Rose I feel like everything's on the table because they've signed up for it. Yeah. We should make a distinction. 'cause I heard you talking about it this morning. Yeah. And it's great. You're like, Tom Brady's getting $25 million. He has consented. Yes. Everyone that said yes to the Diaz, they, am I saying it right?


Diaz The Deis. Yeah. Everyone who says yes to Cameron Diaz de saying it wrong. Everyone said Yes Sir. I go to the Diaz and you go, yes, that's right Daz, I just wanna give you what you want Right back at you. Ultimately that's gonna track throughout this episode. We have the same approach. There is consent. I have been invited to so many of those roasts and I'm like, I just don't have thick enough skin. No, I'll just tell you I can't handle it. Thank God. I don't even think about what's gonna be said about me when I say yes to the roast. I put it outta my head. I did the Tom Brady one because it was like Tom Brady, I gotta do it. But the next roast that they threw at me I was gonna say no to because I was like, I'm too old now. When I was 35 getting called old, it didn't hurt. Yeah. I don't feel it.


Not really. But at 40 I kind of feel it and I'm starting to see it. I don't want anyone pointing out something about my face that I have to then go talk to someone about. Yeah. In an office and have them draw on me and stare into my eyes and fix it. Which I've done and I continue to do. I just don't want people to pay too close of attention. But then the Tom Brady Rose, you go, oh good. I'm not the most famous person here so there won't be that many jokes about me. And that's how it ended up. But the next one, I feel like I'm a little bit more famous. Bigger target. Yeah. Bigger target next time. So it's gonna have to be someone really, really good for me to do it again. It hurts a lot. I'm one of the only people who didn't watch a Tom Brady roast because I can't even enjoy watching it. I just think of myself hearing that I'm very sensitive. I don't Read any comments about myself.


I've been sober from comments, which I think should be a thing. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I don't think the general public has too many trolls in their comments. But if you're a celebrity, you Probably know your troll. If you're a civilian, you probably work with that person. Or Is that you should have blocked your boyfriend's ex-girlfriend ages ago. That's just a simple block. But I can post things now and not go back. How many likes does it have? 'cause I just go, it's none of your business anymore and you don't get to read anything 'cause I can't handle it. It will destroy me. You Almost need to be insecure to be funny in this way. The jock at my school never had a good burn on anybody. No you don't. The pro queen in it, not only did he not need it, he honestly couldn't empathize enough.


He couldn't see other insecurities 'cause he didn't have any. You have to have them to be able to spot them in other people. Yes. That's so it. When I write Rose, I'm like, what would I want not said about me? And how do I say that about someone else? Yes. Like how do I find the thing about this person that they look in the mirror and hate about themselves? It's a horrible way to think. But I'm able to go there because I go there for myself. Yes. And you can smell it and your brain is really well tuned to it. 'cause you're constantly evaluating yourself. And even we had Vince V on, he was saying at a certain age he realized he had to stop burning people 'cause it was the kind of burns that would ruin them for two years. It's like, well yeah, you know he just could see it. 'cause he had them. I Don't burn people unless I'm hired to do it. Even the Golden Globes wasn't a burn fest 'cause those people weren't signing up for a roast.


So it was very gentle. I think the worst thing I said was to Benny Blanco. But I got his permission like you did. I got, I wrote to Eric Andre, who I heard knows him and he put us on a text chat together. I sent him a voice memo of the joke and he said, I'm cool with it. Let me run it by Selena. And so I got permission but oh I would never have done that joke. I said, you know Selena Gomez is here with Benny Blanco, her new fiance and Benny Blanco was here because of the genie who granted him that wish. And that was the mean one. That was Probably the only one. I love that. I think he did a great job. Got Permission. I did not know that I would've done that on a roast if he was on the Deus. He's just sitting there. He can't heckle me back. He knows the rules. Kimmel actually gave me advice saying like, Hey reach out to people If you have a joke that you're a little bit worried about. Ah. Because I just just wouldn't have done it otherwise.


There's no way I would've risked making him feel uncomfortable. And even when I told him the joke, you kind of feel like, oh but I presented like by the way, I think you're awesome. I think you're hot. I'm talking about a thing that I think you are aware of that I think you've even partaken in. I've heard him in podcast talk about him with Selena. I think Santino went hard on him once and so I think he was already aware. So I was a little bit nervous to even tell him it. But if I would've not liked him and really felt that way, I don't think I would've been able to say it. I think she scored with him, to be honest with you. I felt like it was a mutual thing so it came from a good place. But people show up at my shows wanting to be roasted. I don't really like grossing people on the fly. It doesn't just come out of me. I don't just come at people without a reason to do it. But I think that's not just because I don't wanna hurt them.


That's obviously a part of it. But I just don't want them to retaliate. I was quiet in high school. You Don't wanna get stabbed. Don't start a knife fight. Well you were picking Nikki in sixth grade. Thank you. Nikki was picking her nose in sixth grade. Yeah. And I got busted like a girl saw me and was like, why don't you stop picking your nose? You know where you could tell it was bothering her. And then she's like, She snapped. She screams it. And so there were a lot of moments like that in school where I would be quietly doing something disgusting and then it would just annoy someone enough. Like I was taking pencils from this kid. I never had my school supplies. Not because my parents didn't provide it but because I was just a DD. So I was always borrowing pencils and paper from my friend Ray. He would always give it to me every single day. He never didn't. And it was almost like I was annoying him. So one day I just took it and I remember he saw me 'cause I was like, you're gonna give it to me.


And he was like, why don't you get your own pencil? You buck tooth beaver go in the woods and not out a tree. Oh my god. And I had really messed up. My teeth were going out hard and the whole class heard. Even my teacher laughed. Oh no, your teacher's, she validated how good The, I was like, but I still need lead. I found some kind of inaccuracy in the joke. I was like, it's a false premise because pencils are more than just wood anyway. And then I just learned just be invisible because people will call out while you're ugly. And so I was quiet. This was fifth grade and seventh grade and then by the time I got to high school I was invisible because I just didn't want the boys making a joke about me.


What were your other things? It was Teeth that it continues. I still see weird things with them. You have perfect teeth. Are they veneers man? No, but I do a thing please. Everyone listening don't get veneers. My friends who have done it regret it. If there is an apocalypse or something, your teeth will fall out and you will have nubs and you have no one to fix them. Sharp teeth, the nubs are disturbing. They fall out. A lot of people doing it and getting approved to do it way too soon. They're not trained properly, properly. Do know Monica was on the painful verge of getting them and it was like our biggest battle I'm I was do Monica, your teeth are fucking perfect Do dude Monica. If you wanna fix anything with your teeth, the thing to do is you get, what's it called? Composite Bonding. Bonding. Because I had like a chip on this tooth and I was like can you just fix that? They filled it in with a tooth colored thing and I was like well this tooth is kind of too far back.


Can you just put tooth on top of it? Yeah. He's like, yeah. And I was like, did I just make something up because I was gonna have that tooth removed and a new one in but I just put tooth on top of it to make it even with the front one, I wonder they could build out this leaner, build it up, Just put composite on it falls off every month or so. Right. But you get put back, it's like an $80 copay. It's way cheaper than veneers Every month is painful. Had bonding but it falls out. My dentist is currently trying to talk me into doing some fix ups on the bottom here and then he put the temporary one on there and he showed me the mirror. I was like, oh wow. Does Go. I don't about the bottom. Yeah. So teeth an issue for sure. Having a tall forehead one time, A guy that liked me and I didn't like him back was just like, I just noticed your forehead goes on for a really long time.


And so that stuck with me and then I started seeing it. Didn't notice it before. Also hair falling out. I was anorexic when I was 18 so a lot of it fell out then. And then since then, if a hair just gets caught on something and pulls out like in a clip, I feel it all day long. It's an OCD thing where I'll like feel the little spot and I look at the hair and I'm like, you weren't ready. I go like this hair's been with me through so much. Like this was when I did the roast, like all my career moments and I just go like I can't believe it's just gone now and it's gonna take so long to grow that all back. Everyone who does my hair knows if I go, they're like whoa. They just stop. I've gotten better about it because it's irrational fear and I often have my friends send me like how much hair do you pull out in the shower where you just send me a picture I need verification of.


'cause it only pops up by the way when I'm stressed out. Of course it has nothing to do with the Hair. You're looking at a haircut that is two days old that I gave to myself. What Really? Yeah, I cut my own hair. But it generally starts in periods of anxiety, which I've been having. So I started trimming, trimming, trimming. You saw the progression. Anyone watching would see the progression. It's a total tick to finally Sunday. I'm like now we're shaving the sides. Will You do my boyfriends? That's a really good cut. I love that. Cut. Thank you. I was literally getting haircuts. I shoulda said it damnit. I was literally gonna take a picture of you later to to show because it's good. I'll send you a picture of my hair wall. I do a hair wall. If you were my friend, I would never ask to see your hair wall. I can't compare it because you're allowed to lose bunches and bunches of hair.


I do. I lose so much hair not to take anything from you. You can feel bad about losing hair too but you don't deserve to. No. Okay thank Won't hear from you. It It's gonna be hard to feel bad. I won't be sending you my hair wall. That's a bitch to blow dry. Right? The only time I ever blow dry it is if I'm getting it done. You don't have to because it air dries glossy. So much volume. So Good. Anyone that's been hired by herbal essence to be a mermaid in a commercial for your hair. Yes. That's the stamp of approval. I didn't mean to turn this into compliments you what? You're allowed to have something that is just fucking perfect. It's the only, okay. Speaking of insecurities, it is the only thing I am hold on. Secure about Basically we're all allowed to have one. One. Yes. Okay. I know you want me to say I love my boobs.


I hadn't noticed yet but I was like, I think I Has given three things. Wife, many pieces of artwork that say I have perfect tits and great opinions. Yeah. So when people are buying you those kinds of pains. Yes. I think you could have, You need to listen say Monica doesn't get naked very much but one time I was with her and she was changing and she took her bra off and her boobs went up. Oh my god. Chris is so funny. She is great tits over there. But you're not proud of those. I'm proud of them when I'm naked but Got it. I don't love it in clothes. Got it. I'll agree with you. When I have a bra that makes me look more stacked, I feel a little bit chunkier. Exactly. It like distorts your body. It does. Okay, I hear that.


And then just, you know body this week it's my leg skin. I like saw some pictures from my tour that were backstage. There's a crepeness starting. What is crepey? Like an old circus tent that's been weathered. It's okay. It has to happen. People can't lie to me and say it's not my girl's chat is like it's not, I don't see it and I go look and I give evidence. We Would say in the automotive world if the paint is kind of orange peay, is that what we're talking about? Picture Like a wasps nest? Yeah. You know that's like kind of like a saggy texture. Droopy paper mache. Yes. That kind of crepeness skin on the thigh and then the skin above the knees is starting to fold over and there's like a deep line here that bothered me. Do they Need Tux? I heard they do but then I'm looking at my schedule.


I go when am I getting a brow lift? When am I getting my knees done? My knees done my Knees. I'm never gonna get my knees done. I hope we get submissions from me. What do I have time for this Knee surgeons please. The reason you were able to host the Golden Globes was you had cleared your schedule in January. Yeah. For a month To do some operative, to Do whatever Dr. Diamond told me would make me look like I hadn't done anything. Yeah. So you had already kind of scheduled this little in January. Buffer January. Yeah. In January and then got the call. I feel like that's very serendipitous. It Really was. I would've canceled anything for it. But it was nice that I didn't have to because I, I never take a break. My vacation would've been just healing with like straws in my face the past. Have you seen the pictures of those flights home from Turkey?


I want to fly there just to fly back with all those guys. For anyone who's not seen it, please Google this. The flight there would be interesting too. Yeah. 90 some percent of the passengers on these flights home from Turkey. The men are all bandage up. They've gotten hair transplants. I guess it's affordable there. And now they're all starting chin surgery too now I just read implants. Yeah. Chin implants in Turkey. I don't know if they do it in Turkey but that's the new male plastic surgery thing. Everyone's gonna be doing it. Like If you've seen some bleeding men starting to look a little bit more leading, that's probably what's happening. 'cause it's a subtle adjustment that makes Facebook more masculine and that's kind of what it's trending towards. There are nine year olds who are like mewing now to get that s jaw line. Oh I know. It's sad when men start to have the same insecurities that we've all dealt with as women for so long.


But they've always been there. We've always Had them but they're just evolving. For us it was all like body and strength and Schwarzenegger and lifting weights and trying to be big and strong. Yeah. I'm still dealing with it obviously. And You guys don't get makeup. Yeah. You just have to be what you are. So it makes sense why we are like why do they just get to be who they're, 'cause they don't really have a lot of options so they might as well accept themselves. That's a great take. I just came up with it. That's really good. I really did. Yeah. When you're a dude and you look in the mirror and you go that's that end the story. Yeah. Like we can't Had too many options. Yep. I was even watching this and I'm like, God, my nose has gotten so bulbous. I think most women would shade and it would not look bulbous. And I'm like, I'm I'm not gonna do that.


You can't. There would be options If you have a zit, you can't cover it. You just have to have a gaping wound And we get to stuff it with dirt clay. Yeah. And wonder why it keeps reinfecting and coming back. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is applying as quick and easy. Apply in the wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Drunk Elephant looking for a holy grail moisturizer that actually delivers. Let me introduce you to Proteiny Polypeptide Cream by Drunk Elephant. The protein powerhouse. Your skin's been craving. You know how your body needs protein to stay strong, right? I'm addicted to protein. It's my religion. Your skin does too. That's where Proteiny comes in packed with nine signal peptides and growth factors. This cream makes your skin visibly firmer. Think of Proteiny in your drunk elephant routine like adding a shot of protein to your smoothie. And unlike those heavy moisturizers that just sit on top of your skin, this lightweight gel cream sinks right in delivering your daily dose of moisture without any greasy residue. That's my big pet peeve with moisturizers. I don't want to be greasy. You don't want it to be greasy. Yeah, I mean I am. I have loved Drunk Elephant for years and years and years. Yeah. And I'm, I'm happy that you've gotten into it. Yeah, It's great. It goes on So light. Yeah and sinks right in. Try Drunk Elephant's breakthrough moisturizer today. Discover Proteiny Polypeptide Cream at Ulta Beauty stores and also@ulta.com


We are supported by Prime Video. You know that feeling when you go to log into a streaming service and you forgot your password or when you have to switch from app to app trying to find the movie you wanna watch. Stop wasting time toggling between the apps and start watching the content you want to watch right away. With Prime video. On Prime video, you can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV plus and Paramount plus all in one app. That means more time watching and more time relaxing. I've got the perfect example. Arm Cherry favorite Matthew McConaughey is in so many of our favorite titles. You could have a Matthew McConaughey Marathon Day Start with True Detective on Max, then check out the Lincoln lawyer on MGM Plus and top it off with Romcom Classic. How to lose a Guy in 10 days on Paramount Plus. That's a good way to spend a day. You can watch all of those titles and more without ever leaving the prime video app. I think I may take a little Nicholas Cage binge on Amazon Prime. Oh my goodness, that sounds nice. Oh sign me up. Streamline your streaming today. Check out subscriptions on prime video


Sucks for men with acne that they don't have makeup. It's true. Even though we look like it's like a little ant hill. Yeah you can still see it. Yes, But it's preferable. I used to pick up my skin 'cause when I was malnourished and had anxiety it was just open sores around my face. I used to be bulimic tooth, that's why I quit throwing up like thank God it was a vanity thing because I was sick of cleaning toilets and I was also sick of having mouth acne that I would pick at. I would be nervous backstage before going on pick at it. I could feel it bleeding 'cause I'd do the check and I'm like, oh my God, there's blood. I'm walking with blood. Then I'd put something on it to like cake it up and I'm like, okay, I hope it stays. And then you walk out and you're like, good evening Milwaukee. And you smile in away, it's like crack and it just starts running down your face. It would happen so often. Thank God acne is behind me in my life.


That was a huge struggle for a really long time. And seeing my sister never have to deal with How much Younger is she? She's 18 months younger but perfect. Silky thick hair. Never had to get braces born with straight teeth, veneer teeth. Never had acne. Yeah, but does she have a good personality? She does. No. Like she doesn't even know she's hot. Like she could have been a model actress, all these things and she's just like content. Yeah, she's pretty amazing. I dunno if she's content. That's good. Yeah, she's like a mom of three. Just making it work. She's a teacher. She was a teacher. She actually stopped teaching and now she's hammering. Okay. Yeah that was rough. That's lot of stress. She taught for 10 years Spanish in our old high school and she was great at it but it was just too hard. She has insecurities just like everyone else. But I had a rough time growing up with that. Was she Outgoing?


She was much more popular than I was. The boys in my grade liked her and had crushes on her. She'd be the type of girl that I'd have all my girlfriends over and my sister would come in and talk to us and then my sister would leave and they'd all go, oh, she's so pretty. God. A reaction that I would never get. That's just that kind of thing of like, wow, that's what I want. Just strangers telling my mom that this child should model. And then I'm just standing there rude things and I was just sensitive so I picked up on it like that's your value and I don't have it. And so just really resenting that I was born not as pretty as I could have been. My parents' DNA made that same. Why did it fuck up this way? I used to yell at my mom and be like, you knew there was ugly in your family tree and you risked it with me. And she's like, you shut up.


Yeah. She would be so mad at me. But I used to get really venomous about how mad I was and people saying, you look nothing like your sister. Thank God over and over. Thank God always getting told I look like my dad. Which no matter how hot your dad is, yeah, yeah. You don't wanna hear it. You never wanna hear you look like your dad. I see it now and I'm like, okay, I'll take it. Because he's a gangly guy. And you saying your hair is the thing. My legs I used to be really insecure about 'cause they're more muscular and my sisters were just model thin. But now I love my legs. I get a lot of compliments on it and people are like, what do you do for them? And I'm like, it's just my dad's legs. Like I just got lucky. And it made me realize that so much of what I resent women for having is just same as my legs of like I didn't do anything for them. I just was born with this and I just got lucky in this one. I have a dad bod for half my body.


It gave me some perspective of when I attribute perfection onto people, I shouldn't hate that girl for being hot. She didn't mean to be, she didn't It's fault. It's not her fault. None of us chose any of it. Just got it. Yeah, exactly. No to the store and picked it up. And That's what I like to remember when I'm feeling ugly is like Nikki. Okay, so there's a lot of action going on when you wiggle your arm. The other day I looked at my arm in the mirror, I just saw a straight on and it looked like a scrotum hanging a ball sack. And my friends are like, no it doesn't. And I sent them a picture and they were all quiet afterwards. Like they couldn't say no it does and that's okay. But I was like, if I could snap my fingers and not have that, I would clearly, I'm not choosing this. It's not my fault. Why do I have to feel like I failed in some way or I'm a bad person. I didn't choose this, I wouldn't want this.


Yes, there's probably exercises I could do to make it go away, but I don't have time for them. That doesn't make me a bad person. I just get wrapped up in all the things I should be doing. You could afford the facelift. Why aren't you getting one? You could afford this laser treatment. Why aren't you doing it? Even the more money you make and the more opportunities you have to have avenues to look hotter. Yeah. If you don't do them, you feel like you're failing in some way. And I hate that feeling. It's wholly unfair. Which is, I think I had all the same feelings you did growing up, but I had the freedom as a dude to go, yeah, that's not gonna be your thing. And girls thank God did date guys largely 'cause of how confident they presented and how funny they were. And so that is the great injustice.


I was able to transcend it in some way. Not that I ever fell in love with how I looked. I just was like, oh we're not gonna think about this anymore and we're gonna just do this other thing and that's gonna work. Yes. That's a gift of being a dude that decreasingly. So I think Saying that, yeah, decreasingly so yes And thank God it's evolving, but in the eighties, yes. I could kind of make that proclamation. Well 'cause the men and boys did the choosing back then. But that's why I think it's changing. 'cause now girls, women, all of us ladies, we are you know more educated, like more men. You're making more money, making more things. Yes. Than sex objects. Exactly. And so I don't have to just say yes to your proposal and it used to just be like, oh this guy is asking me out.


I guess I have to say yes. You're waiting to be asked. Yeah, that's a really good point. There's a ton of stuff going on. There's like evolutionary stuff. There's how the society has run for the previous 300 years. A guy that was confident and had a good personality was going to probably achieve high status because he would be able to do that through work if he was super smart. So he would be able to climb the status rung. Yes. Whereas for women, the status rung wasn't fully available for anything other than being gorgeous who Could make the most babies for the village. Yes. Who could watch the pot boil, who could take care of the kids. It all leads itself to do they have the hip to waist ratio that suggests they could carry more children. You wanna get mad and think it's so vapid for men to assess us that way.


And yeah, I appreciate you saying it's 'cause I was a man and I was able to shift like that. I never arrived. I was like, I just have to keep pursuing being hot or talented in some way, which I wasn't talented. That was the other thing I didn't find because I wasn't able to get big and loud and funny because I didn't want people to go, well you're also ugly. That wasn't an option to be big. So I just waited till I found a talent and I didn't have one until I started Sam Comedy. Literally tried everything and that was really frustrating. Do you think you were just biochemically anxious? What led to do you think the annex, it sounds like you had pretty good parents. I have the greatest parents imaginable. I think it's, I had a mom that just never liked the way she looked and was never pretty, never thin enough.


But I was really tuned in with celebrity culture. So all that stuff got in. I wanted to be famous so it's like I need to look like Paris Hilton, Jennifer Aniston. Yeah, I Want to go there and you have to look a certain way to go there. Yeah. There's no option not. But this is because you wanted to be famous so that If you were, that's the world telling you you are hot. Not even hot. Very uncomfortable. When someone's like lusting for me, I want the approval that comes with it outside of someone actually putting anything in me. Yeah. Attractive. I just want people to be like, I wanna be her Yes. I guess that's what I wanted. Oh, that's so embarrassing to admit. No, we all, no, I used to want that. And my parents, we love watching tv. I wanted be on tv. I wanted to be seen by them in that way and be like, wow, that's extraordinary. I'm a Enneagram three so my worth is determined by if I am extraordinary I do things that people go, holy shit, how could she do that?


I was always like looking for that in terms of looks. I felt like that was the only way to achieve that. I was a fine actress but just didn't get cast in things in high school and was like, that's the only way to be on TV is to act. And so Right auditioned for theater school didn't get into any and was like, what am I gonna fucking do? I've said this before, I was like, I'm just gonna have to kill myself someday because that is a failed life. If my only dream in life is to be on TV and be a personality like a performer and I don't do it and I just have to watch people do it forever. Yeah. I'll eventually have to kill myself and that sucks. Ugh. I have to do that someday. It was kind of like a thing I have to do someday. Like yeah. Oh it's not now, but soon Is Boulder, you did it when you were 18 for the first time. Yeah. College. And you were only only Boulder for a while.


A year. Yeah, a year. The first thing I was really good at was not eating. That was the first thing and I was like, whoa. Talk about getting confidence from something because this just came to me a couple months ago when I was trying to like think about what led me to do that and why did I stick with it and why did I get such a rush from it? Because when you're coming up in diet culture in the nineties and early two thousands, being able to not eat is maybe the best superpower imaginable for a woman. Every person around me is trying not to eat the brownie, not having dressing on the salad. And I have no problem doing that. I get high from it. I struggled with my weight earlier on and was trying diets. It was never fat but needed to drop probably 10 or 15 pounds. I worked at a pizzeria and just ate too much and stopped playing field hockey and stuff. So I got a little bigger and people were starting to notice.


So I tried stuff to lose weight. It was hard. I remember being like, I wish I could get anorexia the same joke that most women make. And then it happened because I got nervous about a boy who liked me. I had been really scared of boys and sex and I hadn't kissed a boy. It was my senior year of high school. I think I'd kissed one boy and it was a truth or dare thing, so it didn't count. It was a guy I really liked for so long. I won a date with him because I rigged a singled out type contest at our school where I had my friends tell me who to pick because I wanted to pick this guy Mike. And so I had them kind of do a signal to me. Oh sure, sure, sure. Like who to eliminate. So I got a date with him and then he seemed to wanna go on this date that I won for this charity school thing. We had like a date planned and I was so nervous about it, I just couldn't eat that day. And that shows up quickly on me and my face and someone said something the next day that was like, you look great.


And it was a girl walk to the races whose opinion about me meant so much. And I was still nervous. And so I just kept going as long as I could. And then it was just, let's just never eat again. I was just too young to understand this isn't gonna work forever. So This is the fun kind of overlap with Monty. Monty had a very specific event in our life. Oh yeah. Dairy Queen. I was in sixth grade and a boy said he couldn't date me. He liked me it seemed, but he couldn't date me because my parents worked at Dairy Queen. They didn't work at Dairy Queen, but a lot of Indian people worked at Dairy Queen. So he couldn't date me because I was Indian. So then that was obviously the moment where I was like, oh, so no one can date me.


That's a fundamental thing about me. That's a no for people. He represents everyone. Everyone. Because why wouldn't he? You're in sixth grade. 'cause you like tale too. I liked him. Yeah. You know, so it's like the people I like don't like this about me, so this is gonna be a fun life. His parents worked at Culver's. Was it a cap montagues thing? Like they Were at a Fosters. It was a competition. Was like, it was like a white hassle. Did you even say like, but they don't, did you protest it at first or did you know what it meant? He didn't say it to my face. Got it. He said it to a friend. A friend was like, why don't you ask Monica out? Oh this is important. He said I would. But so it's not like, oh I just don't like her. It's like I would but I can't because she's Indian basically.


Whoa. And not because she's Indian. Like I don't like the culture that would make mead feel different probably. You know? That's the subtext. Oh, if I'm being jealous, God is that stay with you to this day. I'm fucked up for life from that one thing. Her thing to paraphrase it was any boy she would like wouldn't like her 'cause she was Indian so she shifted to or ugly, All of It. Being in love with people. She knew that issue would never present itself. So it was Matt Damon And Ben Affleck. Oh, You never have a chance with them. Yes, exactly. It's like they're so unavailable. Never have to be. They can't reject me. Yes. I'm picking the quarterback of the football team when I'm a sophomore. Yes. You never even have an interaction just unavailable Men, you can never get rejected by them.


Yeah. Does this go on for you now? Now really? I'm just like, if it falls into my lap, that's great. I do so little pursuing of dating, but still it's because rejection is still so horrific for me. It's not worth it. I understand being that guarded. Yeah. Because it can destroy you for decades without it. I'm good. I'm thriving. Am I? I don't know. Yeah. Obviously people have asked you out through this when you're pursued, do you feel like they're flawed in some way for liking you? A hundred percent. Yeah. They have bad taste. Yes, I get it totally. And I need someone with good taste. So we're in the bad cycle here. Oh my God, you're so wrong. Like you are such a prize. My boyfriend, I've been with him for like 13 years off and on and I'm not even joking you, it was just this past May that I accepted that he has great taste and he likes me and I have to trust that.


Yeah. And he chose me. I didn't trick him in any way and that I am really spectacular. It only was this last May and that's why I liked him for so long too, was because I thought I was winning him over. He was better than me. So it takes forever, but I think just one day you'll get it. I had no doubt what happened in May. We were breaking up. But it was funny 'cause I was doing it in public so it wouldn't get too heated. I just didn't want it to end in us yelling. Not that we're yelly people, but I felt like it could go that way and I just didn't want it to go on too long. But then the restaurant closed and so we didn't have time to break up and we were supposed to go to a concert right after this. So we still go to the concert 'cause we're in this nebulous stage of it seems like it's ending. But at the dinner when we're breaking up I go, I'm bored. And he was like, okay, but you're one of the most boring people I've ever met.


This was the week right after the roast by the way, when I was one of the most Googled people on earth. Yes. So it was kind of funny to me that he said that. 'cause I'm like, that's not my insecurity. I kind of laughed when he said it. I know what he meant because I don't like doing things. Yeah. I'm kind of like a homebody and I don't really like socializing too much. I don't like outdoor activities and sports and he likes all those things. And I'm always insecure about not liking that stuff because my mom's like that. And my dad is a really big go-getter and my dad always punished my mom for that unintentionally. But made her feel bad about you just like to sit on the couch and watch TV and nap and why don't you ever like to do anything? And I always was like, I don't wanna be like that, but I am like that. But Chris said to me, you, you're one of those boring people alive by the way. If you're bored it's because you're boring. That old trope. And he said to me, even though you're boring, I accept that about you.


I'm never gonna throw that in your face. I'm never gonna make you feel bad about not wanting to do things. And for whatever reason, I don't know if it relates exactly to realizing I'm lovable, but it does because I was like, I can't change the fact that I like to lay on the couch and watch tv. Yeah. And be on my phone. I've always felt guilty about that. And I always felt like he was gonna at some point just get fed up and he should be with a girl who likes hiking and likes jet skiing and likes to go meet people and talk to the waiter about how their weekend was. He deserves that. And I used to say that to him. He is like, stop saying that. And he is like, I don't want that. And I just trusted him for the first time. Like he's not gonna use it against me like my dad has with my mom. Yeah. Well what's really sad is it's all self-fulfilling prophecies. You're almost forcing him to leave you. I was. 'cause he loves me unconditionally and I just felt like there were some conditions that I was holding back that once he finds this thing out, they Yours though.


Which is crazy. And I've since let him know those conditions and he's just like, yeah, I know you smoke weed sometimes and hide it from me. Yeah. He's like, you're not tricking anyone. Like and by the way, I know I told you I quit smoking weed but like I do. And he's like, you're not hiding it. Well I've noticed. I just figure it's your thing. Yeah. I don't need to be involved. It doesn't seem to be ruining your life the whole time I'm thinking I can't believe I'm hiding this thing from him. I feel so bad we still don't talk about it. That's the thing. I'm trying to figure out a way to work on stage. 'cause pot smoking for me is like this thing I can't quite let go of in my life that I come back to and I feel, oh it's not great for my life but it's not too bad. So I have a lot of guilt about it and I don't tell him when I do it. And sometimes I'm around him and I'm a little high and he doesn't seem to notice. And maybe he does, but he doesn't confront me. Maybe he Doesn't care.


Yeah, He probably does. Yeah. Maybe not. He used to in the past I think. And that's why I have it in my head 'cause he's broken up with me over it before. 'cause I was like, I wanna be someone who gets high before Fleetwood Mac concert. And he's like, when are we gonna Fleetwood Mac? I'm like, I dunno if we're like at a Wilco show, I just wanna be able to like smoke a joint that someone passes me. He's like, I don't know this person. Yeah, yeah. Because it wasn't who I am. I was just trying to push him away. But anyway, I was thinking about it. I'm like, am I allowed to do this thing that I don't need to tell him I'm doing every time even though I feel guilty about it? Why don't tell him every time I shit as FARs. I don't shit. I close the door every time. We don't talk about any of my issues in that area. Maybe it's that, but I'm rationalizing It. This may be helpful. We had this incredible sex therapist on Alexander Cat Haws.


She was incredible. And my question was, should people who have been sexually abused who now desire for lack of a better word, some kind of kinky sex, should they feel guilty or it's not their fault? And if that's what they enjoy and she goes, no, it's totally fine. And there are a lot of sexual abuse survivors who will be in like sub dom relationships and it's very crystal clear. If you have shame and secrecy around it, it's a problem. And If you don't it's not a problem. So I would argue all you've got to do is be honest about it and there will be no issue. What if I'm honest on a podcast, he doesn't listen to that. But he could listen to Yeah. He and my wife could bump into each other and have no idea this conversation took place.


Exactly. All the places I talk about it openly, he doesn't listen. But he could like it's there. We talked about it in therapy and I've cried about it because he doesn't wanna know why is it bad? He's never had any drug in his life. He's never drank, he's never done anything. It's not even a Christian thing. It's a control thing. He noticed his friends being drunk and he is like, I don't wanna look like that. And so he just never did. And I think it's a little bit of the dare program. There's a reefer madness type of like, yes, you're a loser a little bit. He doesn't want a girlfriend hitting a bong and it's dirty. But there has to also be a little bit of the fact that you had a problem drinking. And that is what he would say. Nikki, why don't you say that part to them? Right. Which of course I'm gonna be deeply interested in. 'cause I don't drink either. Do you Have a weed issue? Have you Ever No. Have I? Yeah.


Leading up to a big relapse. Right. It was a tricky one and I can relate to everything you're saying because alcohol is cut and dry. For me it's black and white. I have a drink on Thursday night, you'll see me Sunday and I all have gotten coke and all these things will happen very predictable. There was some period where a gummy, I don't know, I go to sleep, I sleep better. There's no wreckage, there's no outta controlness. I don't crave it like the other stuff I crave. And then having been clean and sober for 16 years and going and I also don't like that I would need anything. Yeah, right. So I know the racket. What's That? You mean that Nicotine? But I am at total peace with this. There's no secrecy. I love that you're holding it out. Because I could be friends with people for years and I'll see a do I go, when did that start?


Years. They can hide it so well. So there's a shame around this stuff. If I'm hiding, there's something to be looked at. If I can't do it out in public, then that's kind of my clue that I need to get comfortable with one or the other. Not do it. Or I gotta just own it. And then people around me, I guess I'll trust to tell me, I just can't have the zone where it's like I have a secret. Because then you can't even evaluate the thing because actually you're evaluating your feeling of having a secret, not even your feeling of using weed. The way that I was able to stop smoking as much weed once was to when I did it, you know I was smoking from like pipes during covid. It's dirty and it felt bad. These are like crack pipes. Yeah, yeah. They're the same. Yeah. Yeah. I one time went out before a set on Hollywood Boulevard to smoke a little pipe and I turned around and a homeless man, we have the same pipe, bad chain, and you smoke rock.


It's the same green color. Like we're both blocking the wind hoping No one sees you. Yeah. It was a real eyeopener and then I kept doing it for months after that. But if I just go, I need this, you know, it's bad, but you're not a bad person and you're doing your best. I Don't think you can even evaluate what the weed is until you detach the secret from it. The pit of disapproval and angst is more about the secret. You're Right. Because when I'm honest about what weed does for me, it's the one thing I still have guilt over in terms of all my addictive behaviors. I was like, what does it give me? To be honest, it just gives me instant relief from depression. Yeah, from suicidal thoughts. And it medicinally offers that to me in a short term it can sometimes backfire and I say a dumb thing or I wouldn't do it before.


Something like this. And I have in the past, I think it's a harder one to evaluate for people because it doesn't have the kind of wreckage that other stuff does. You get DUIs, you fucking smack your friend, you fall down in an elevator and pee your pants. Well none of that stuff happens. That's The tricky part of it. It picks me up out of a depressive state, like almost nothing else I've ever found. Can alcohol used to, but it's so obviously sloppy. But weed, I can function. No one calls me out for it. People don't really notice. I can see it and I'm sure people do notice it. It affects me being smart and funny. But then sometimes it makes me smarter and funnier. What if you're the third or smartest? Smartest and funniest and not the Oh I am second or first. Oh I'm way down the 12th. No, no. See that's an unacceptable, but it's The truth.


You're Taylor Swift of comedy. That's the only thing I've ever wanted to hear in my life. You are. So thank you for That. You women love you. The amount of people have asked us to have you on the amount of people that had seen. Someday You'll die. Someday you'll Die. I talk about you in that by the way. I know. And I hope you don't think that's an ugly joke because I wanna be very clear about that because I say that I'm a rangey broad in terms of my looks. If I have enough makeup, I can look like Kristen Bell. But my boyfriend every day wakes up to Dak Shepherd. That's a woman looking like a man joke. But you are a hot guy. So I felt like I could say that and not her thank you. But yes, of course I watched it. 'cause I am narcissistic enough to know if there's a joke that has me in it, I'm certainly gonna find out was it the thing I'm fearing? And I saw it and I didn't care at all. I took it as a dude joke. Yeah, Okay. Because as you were saying this stuff before, I'm like, oh my god, that other joke.


But he interpret it 'cause it wouldn't even occur to me that you could. But I'm glad you did it. Yes, I watched it. I thought it was a great special, but I just want to say so many people had immediately taken to our comments. That's when I had the sense, oh Nikki's really, really huge. There's some connective tissue with you and Taylor in that you have worked your fucking ass off. You decided I'm gonna be this thing. Whether you think I'm gonna be it or not. Bad news, I'm stubborn and I'm going to be this thing. There's something very relatable and I think people can see themselves in you. I see how my oldest daughter, the gift Taylor Swift has given my family. When I watch the women in my life, the impact that she has on them, how she can make them feel in the confidence in the jubilee.


It's such a crazy gift. It's Awesome. And it's because in some way you could be her. I mean you can't, but also you can Taylor, it's Something to prove. Even showing up on the scene, coming out as a country artist and then making it into pop music and winning album of the year for Fearless. And then people saying like other people wrote that and she's like, well the next album I'm gonna write all by myself and look how great it does. She definitely is inspired by people doubting her. I wish someone would've told me earlier on whenever someone's like, what would you tell your younger self? Any young people listening or any people with kids listening? If your kid isn't good at something right away, like a natural, please know. And you might not even know this. 'cause I don't think I would've known this as an adult had I not experienced it. And I think we all hear this, but we don't let it sink in. The difference between great and good is just hard work.


Someone can be great and some people are just naturals. But mostly anyone can reach those levels. If you just work hard enough, you can catch up to anyone who in high school is the quarterback. Just work hard enough and you can be Tom Brady. That was all work he put in. I just wish someone would've told me that. 'cause I'd always thought growing up it was like, you got it or you don't. Yeah. I was just reading a book called The Anatomy of a Breakthrough. 'cause I just felt stuck after the Golden Globes. I took a month off and was just like, how do I even write again? Like I don't even know. It has really been helping me. There's this one part about the guy that raised solo climbs. I haven't seen that movie 'cause it just makes my legs feel weird. Even thinking about him. But reading about how when he approaches a climb, everyone's like, what If you don't do that when he's like, I've done it so many times before with the ropes that there's no chance anything bad will happen.


There's no room for error. And if the wind is off that day or that temperature or there's rain or I'm feeling weird, it won't happen. It's so practice that it can't go wrong. And I realized, oh my God, I totally free soloed the globes and the Tom Brady roast, which I didn't even intend to. I was just like, oh, you'll just do the set as many times as you can to try out which jokes are best. I said the Globe's monologue so many goddamn times that it was locked in. And people were like, are you nervous? And I was like, no, because it's you've done it. It's like just one other time. It's just one other time. There's no room for error. I don't like doing things. There are room for error. That's why I don't like doing improv. That scares the shit outta me. Crowd work is a struggle for me. I need to know it'll go the way I want it to. Sure. So I'm a control freak as well.


And I was very OCD as a kid and lots of ticks and I have a lot of control things, but I love these zones where I surrender to no control. It's so pleasurable because I'm fucking stranglehold. So much of life, my routine and my schedule is psychotic and sadistic. And so when I have these pockets, these things I can do where I actually surrender to it, it's bliss. Do you have anything in your life? I mean I know that sexually, I like baby girl style stuff. Oh tell me what's baby girl. You know the movie Baby Girl where she likes to be talked to, like a dog trained like good girl. That kinda stuff Like kind of a submissive. Yes. Not that I'm a hypersexual person anymore. Things are changing hormonally.


But things that I've been into and things that I watch, it's the girls out of control. She's not telling anyone what to do. She's being told what to do. So I find it there. Okay. But I'm trying to see if any other doesn't pot sort of do that? Oh my God, you're so right. Because sometimes just because I wanna feel adrenaline, I'll smoke before I go on stage. 'cause I'm like, you gotta try bitch. Yeah. Like you can't go on autopilot. You gotta think about what you're doing. You're high. Are you gonna remember even what you're talking about right now to finish this sentence? You Said you smoke pot to give yourself anxiety, which I found it Interesting. Yes. I like anxiety. I think you might too. That's Fun. Do you I like being awake. Yes. And that's why I like the chaos. 'cause it brings me to a level I can't reach normally. Improv like you're saying, the element of failure is so present that a new zone of my brain wakes up.


I get the extra dopamine and adrenaline and norine and all this stuff. I can access a part of myself, the survivor in me. And I love it. I love being like, oh my God, I don't know the end of this joke and I'm telling it right now. Is it gonna come to me? Yes. The craziest moment of my life, I don't even like to think about it. Do you know that you have those moments where it's like near death moments, you don't even like to think about when you almost walked in front of a train or something. Yeah. 'cause you're like, ugh. It was at the iHeart Awards or something and Usher was hosting and he pulled me up to dance, which was really awkward. It was hell. I got like last on Dancing with the Stars. A really deep insecurity of mind is that I can't dance. And so I just don't like to be forced and with Usher like the best dancer in the world. Yeah, right. And it was in front of Machine Gun Kelly.


And I remember Megan Fox is sitting next to him and they're all kind of watching this awkward thing. And I brought as my date, my Dancing with the Stars partner who had seen me fail already. And I'm dancing in front of him. I'm trying to get some kind of control back in this narrative of dancing. And I'm just thrust into this. And Usher was singing a song right before it. It was a Michael Jackson song. I just didn't know the words to. Everyone else seemed to. And he put the mic in my face. Oh This isn't Usher. If you would've given one of your songs, I would've nailed it. But I don't know this obscure, it was to me, this is literally B. So that already happened is A this, this is live on tv, but it's the whole audience. It was at the Dolby or something. It's thousands of people and it's kind of after the show and Usher is just dancing. And so I had to do this awkward dance and then I was like, usher, can I just have the mic?


I just need to do one thing I'm good at, which is talking into a mic. So I was like, can I just say how embarrassing that just was? I got last on Dancing With the Stars. I did my Dancing with the Stars Bit. I always say on Dancing With the Stars, I got first voted off and I say in front of my dance partner gloves Chanko, who is as hot as his name is Disgusting. So I, I have my bits. I wasn't trying to make it about me, I was just trying to get a couple jokes in. And I go everyone, the audience, I want you to know what I'm feeling right now. The thing you're worst at in the world that has been determined on A, B, C, that you are terrible at certified and you have to do it in front of Usher. And I go Machine Gun Kelly and and I heard no Megan Fox's name as I'm saying machined and Kelly, I'm going And it was probably to me 20 seconds of like what is her?


And at the last second it just Megan Fox. But it was so close. And I go, what would've happened had I not remembered? That's why I can't fucking just riff. Yeah. Like I can't be trusted. It's like your life flashes before your eyes. Yes. I'm not remembering Meghan Fox's fucking name. Yes, yes. But thankfully it came out. But one of those moments, you're always putting yourself in bad situations. Oh If you though Risky. Even last night. Yeah. How about this? I did a live show for a Formula One podcast I had, it was a disaster. We have done many, many live shows and they go great. They're so fun. We did this one in Vegas, A bunch of drunk people. No one knew who the fuck we were. It was terrible. And we had to do it full hour. That's what we were hired to do. And I, at least at this age and having done enough stuff, about 10 minutes into it bombing, I go, oh this is great.


This is gonna be so memorable for all of us. That's what I learned from the corporate gig I did in October. That was the worst I've ever bombed in recent memory. Tell us that it was more money than I've been offered for a gig ever. You know, can't turn it down kind of Money. Yeah. You said that it looks like a telephone number. It looks like Amazing. I was like, yeah. And I even think I said this doesn't seem ideal because it was for a vague hedge fund. Not even a hedge fund. It's like a group. It was like a conference for rich people to go and do fireside chats and just different activities to learn how to destroy the earth and traffic from it. Yeah. And it was just a bunch of media moguls, but I didn't read the fine print. I was just like, yeah. And then it shows up way sooner than I thought. It was like, oh well that's in October.


I think I said yes to it in August. That seems forever. And then it was like the day before, I hadn't done anything for it. I had shows all weekend. I just was like, I'll just write some jokes right before it. So I was under prepared for sure. And then I'm trying to memorize all the jokes that I'm writing before and 'cause I saw it going bad because they sent me a picture of the setup and it's on a beach and it's in the round. People don't realize it's so important for comedy, you need a ceiling. It's everything. You need dark in the room. So people can laugh at inappropriate things and not feel like their coworkers or their peers or their wife is gonna be like, you relate to that or you think that. So they need to be in the dark. Standup comedy I think shouldn't be a surprise. I don't think anyone's ever excited about a standup comedian coming in at the end of a long day. It was like nine 30 at night before the dj.


They just wanted to get drunk and get loose. The end of the long day of all these meetings and they're like, and we have a special guest and I'm doing an hour comedy should really never go more than 40 minutes. And Kevin Hart's there, but he just has to do a fireside chat. I actually ran into one of the guys that was at the show at the Golden Globes party and he was like, I was there. Oh no. He was like, I booked you. He's the guy that booked me. He was like, I wanna have you back because we didn't nail it for you. It wasn't good. I'm sorry. It was a beat, a redo. I did the same thing you say, I want the redo for the story because now, yes, I told the story of this gig on Kimmel and it made it all worth it. This would've just been a thing I never Remember. You never be telling the story. If it went well And I wouldn't have grown from it, now I can accept those gigs and not have fear because I know what needs to go into them to do well.


So Kevin Hart was there. I say hi to him before it and I'm like, this is gonna be bad. Don't watch. He's like, no, I'm gonna stay. By the end of it, he was gone. 'cause I was like, lemme do some Kevin Hart roast jokes I didn't do at the Tom Brady roast. And he was long gone. I walked Kevin, what's his name? The host of the Bachelor was there, the one that was canceled. Chris' Harrison was there for some reason. He didn't say hi afterwards. Oh no. It was so lonely. You have to walk through the crowd if it would've been nice to just go back to stage. And they literally, after I said goodnight, couldn't hold the applause, the stage was as big as this table. I just stepped two feet and by the time I hit the sand, the applause was over. And then it was just crunch, crunch, crunch through the sand my heels, just digging in. I don't mind if an audience actively doesn't like me or is like that joke's inappropriate. 'cause I'm like, I know it's not. And you're just up.


You hung out uptight. And you need some kind of identity, which is to be offended and I can come at you. But when they're just like embarrassed for you, they're right. It's rough. Yeah. When you can feel it. Yeah. And the pity, the guy at the party was like, well I will say you were doing jokes about molesting your nephew. And I go, wait, no, no, no, no. I did it about the idea of molesting. And he was like, what's the fucking difference? And I go, well there is one, it's nuance. I go, you're so right. The material was so inappropriate for that event, but that's what my act is right now. That's who you hire. Yeah. So next time I do these gigs, I would love to do them, but I wanna be hired to roast the people. Yeah. And then I will have a plan. I won't have to go into my dumb act. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Quince. Quince is one of our favorite apparel brands with luxury fabrics and finishes at affordable prices. Everyone I know is obsessed with Quince. Quince. Quince is amazing. I was gifted an incredible blanket from Quince, from Elizabeth and Andy. Oh wow. And it's so warm and soft and fuzzy and cute. Yeah. All their fabrics are so nice. You get the best of both worlds killer style at prices that don't break the bank. Quince has some great wardrobe staples, all at prices that are way less than similar brands. We're talking 50 to 80% less. This is a gift givers like Paradise. Paradise. Correct. Well that's because Quince partners directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middleman and they also make sure that factories they partner with use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices so you can feel good about your purchase, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me, or scream his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or you know to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice, Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Squarespace. Ready to share your great idea with the world. Get your message out there with an amazing website designed with Squarespace. Squarespace is where we designed our website. That's Right. And our merch site, which is back up and running. It has new cute Merch. So functional, so beautiful, so easy. Whether you're a photographer, small business owner, or have a passion project, having a professional website isn't just nice to have anymore. It's essential. And Squarespace makes it ridiculously easy. Their drag and drop templates are gorgeous right out of the box and you don't need to know a single line of code. Plus every site comes with built-in SEO tools, analytics, and even e-commerce features. If you wanna sell products you can get up and running in just a day. So why not make that day to day today? Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


Okay. I wanna go to two things before we wrap up because you've given us a lot of time already. My God, I could see her all Day. You went to 22 Taylor Swift shows. Yeah. On the ERAS tour. Yeah. So jealous. Have you And you have this history. I don't know if we can do Thank you. Like a really Short, you can take that. I went once. I took my 11-year-old to Lisbon and it was the greatest. Oh my God. Yes. Fun. But you did 22 and you have this history and I'll just one second 'cause I wasn't even aware of it. But in some Buzzfeed thing you made fun of her in some capacity. Yeah. And ended up in the doc. Now I saw the doc and I loved it. Yeah. I don't remember that part at all. Wait, neither. I'm so glad I did some interview ages ago, but when I get jealous I think mean things. I was really into her at the time and I just saw the friends she kept.


I was like, oh, I don't fit in there. So I just said something about how she just has model friends and commented don't about her size too. And then in the documentary comes out, she was struggling with eating issues, which you have as well, which I had already been through in my life. But at the time I was also not in a recovery for eating stuff. So I got myself to a good place weight wise that no one would know. I had food issues, but I was still chasing that and I wasn't good at it anymore looking like that. I couldn't do it. And so I resented it. I mouthed off on a thing that I thought no one would hear. Which doesn't excuse it because now I know it gets out and it ends up in a documentary. And I felt just so bad. Not because I'm busted, people know I'm mean or something. It was just she saw that maybe she wouldn't have seen it had it not ended up in the doc. But she definitely saw her own documentary.


Right. Like she's seen me say that and that's the person I like the most in this world. That brings me the most joy. I made them maybe feel sad, couldn't handle it. I heard you say that you were unable to listen to her music. Yeah. It was embarrassing. If you have a bad run in with someone or you make someone uncomfortable, they Remind you of your fuck up. Yes. And you haven't made any amends. I was like, you don't deserve her music. You hurt her. You contributed to her wanting to go away. You wrote her an apology and tried to get it to her through agents And their response when I first was like, Hey, I think I'm in this documentary. 'cause I just heard my voice in the trailer and my friends were like, that's not you. You would never say that. And I go, you because I say it about you bitch. They were like, you love her. And I'm like, I know, but you sit, hear what I say about you anyone. I'm jealous of This is the old me. I really have done so much to not be a gossip.


Well You learn lessons through hurting people, feeling really bad about it and then deciding, I wanna do that Again. You're allowed to make mistakes. Yes. I allowed that for myself. Now. At the time I don't think I even allowed it as much, but I learned from that because I knew that a letter wasn't gonna get to her or I wouldn't be able to know it. So I was just like, I'll just put out a public thing and that's the only way. And I didn't even know if she would see it or not, but as soon as I did, I was like, I put out apology that wasn't just trying to let the public think I'm okay again. I knew it was about me letting go of that because I could listen to her music afterwards. I was like, okay, I repented. Yeah, I really do feel bad. I owned it. I said everything that I needed to to not excuse myself but to explain myself and actually say why this won't happen again and be honest. And I just felt like now I'm finally in the words of Taylor Swift Clean.


Yeah. Oh I love that song. I'm finally clean. Yes. And then she commented on it. Oh. Oh, That's what I Wanted to know on a date later that night. And I put my phone away just to pretend like I was a girl that doesn't check her phone and like, oh I don't need it. He was a comedian, went down to go do a set and I instantly check my phone when he goes down and I have dozens of text messages being like, did you see? And she wrote something back. I only read it once 'cause I can't handle it. It was very nice from my memory of it, it was just something of like, this means so much to me. And it's a great example of being able to explain your vulnerability. She just got it. Yeah. She only got what I was doing and I love apologizing now when I can really get down to why it happened and own it. Yes. And be like, I was just insecure. I was jealous that you're thin. I wanna be your friend. I didn't see myself fitting in and I lashed out and that's what it is.


And it's nothing more. It's nothing to do with you. Sometimes I find myself when I slip up, if I am really close to someone who maybe works with me, they're working with me. 'cause I want them to have to be friends with me and I obviously want their expertise with me. But then they kind of grow up and they're ready to spread their wings and fly. I've in years past, said things that would maybe make them feel insecure and they called me out and I go, what is this? And I go, because I don't want them to leave. Yeah. It's because I know they're so counted. Good for you. For realizing it's a thing I have to check because I've had it done to me Back to the boys. A confident version of them wouldn't want to be friends with you. Yes. Or unless I pay them if they're not gonna need me. Leave you. And it's just not true. I've been able to keep those friendships, but it's just the more I can admit my flaws, like you said, if I'm not ashamed of it, if I can say Yeah, I was jealous of Taylor Swift of being skinny.


I went on this podcast and I talked about JLo. I watched JLo's documentaries and I used to be, not a hater, but kind of like a lot of society or culturally. So the things about she can't sing or can't act or can't dance lie ever. Like a lot of hate because everyone's so fucking jealous of her. Yes. Look at her. She's so beautiful. She actually can sing really well. She's a passionate, fearless creator and performer. She made a documentary with her own money to tell the story of her rekindling romance that ended up not going well. She knew it could have maybe not put out there vulnerable for people to consume and judge and people did. That's ballsy. And I'm actually kind of jealous of that kind of risk taking. And so what do I do? I have to shit on it. And then I watched her documentaries and I was like man, she's fucking cool and I'm lame.


Any kind of hate I have her is pure jealousy. And I talked about on podcast, she reached out to me and now we're friends. Get out. I love that. And now I couldn't love her more. I see totally through every preconceived notion I had about her. And it's freeing to admit when you're insecure. For me it's two-sided. It's either I'm jealous or they're displaying a side of myself. I hate so much. So like my issues with J-Lo maybe in the past are like, why do you at the Super Bowl game in the front of the road? I've been like, why do you need so much attention? Yes, because, Because We secretly want it. But you're not willing to do what she's doing To get it. I need endless attention. And I hate that about myself by the way. I don't even know if she needs attention. Let's Say it's the same motivation.


Well she went and got it. You are scared people are gonna go. He needs attention. Yeah. So what do you do? You shit on her. So that you sell yourself the story that people are gonna say that about you If you do it, which causes you to not do it. I always make fun of people who do cringe things online. Not always. I used to, if someone's doing something comedically and taking a chance or showing their stomach fat or doing something that's really vulnerable That you told yourself you wouldn't be lovable If you did. I'll make fun of that person to my friends behind their back. Because then when I wanna do something like that, I'll go, Nikki, don't because people will make fun of you. I have to create a narrative so that I don't take those chances. Usually everything that I hate on is jealousy. Yeah. And it's kind of fun to unpack it and kind of go, oh, it all whittles down to that. The more exhausting it gets to be anyone but myself, the better.


For me. That is the best thing about aging is that it just becomes too tiring to try. And then people end up liking you so much more when you don't. Yes. Yes. Exactly. And you, I could've just been doing this all time, but you really can't because you can't get there any sooner than I get there. That's why like go tell my younger self something. I don't even play that game. I didn't listen to anybody. No. That was part of my charm. Even if it was me who came back, I wouldn't listen To me. Like do you try to tell your kids Stuff? Pretty much. I don't. I try to avoid that. I'm living, I'm modeling. They'll pick some things up, they'll see other things don't work. They're very bright. I think it'll work. That's good. Okay. So have you though ever had one-on-one with Taylor? Yeah, I actually met her before. I was a huge swifty. During her red tour I got invited 'cause a show on MTV and they invited us backstage and I got a moment with her.


But nothing post apology. No nothing post. And you probably don't want that. Not even. I wanna just be a fan. I just really like being a swifty and I wanna it that way. I like putting her on this pedestal. Yes. That she probably doesn't even wanna be on. I like feeling like a little girl when I'm at the shows. That's why I go to 22 shows. It's four hours of the best dopamine release I've ever had in my life. I feel like the happiest person I've ever felt. I can't risk losing that. So right now with what we have is so perfect of her being this pop star that I admire. As You get more successful, it's harder to be a fan. It's still fun to be a fan. It's the best. And I think that's worth preserving. I Love being a fan. It's one of my favorite things. Okay. And I I, so I'm gonna preface this by saying truly you must know, I don't care how anyone gets sober.


I have zero judgment about how anyone does it. I am intrigued and fascinated that you read a book. Yeah. 12 years ago and quit drinking Alan Carr. Alan Carr. Oh the easy way. Everyone loves that. So what happens? 'cause I'm just curious. I Think I heard Ellen on Jay Leno's Tonight Show. Talk about quitting that way. Quitting smoking. I heard maybe Ashton Kutcher. It was a couple celebrities had talked about it and I was like, oh, I'll just get the book to see what happens. And then I was ready to quit smoking and I just was like, I'll read it. 'cause you get to smoke while you read it. That's the thing that made, made me go, okay, great. And then by the end of it he goes, have your last cigarette. But I bet you don't want one. And he's right. You just don't want one. And I could not have explained that to my smoking self, but I promise you it just worked on me. And so drinking, I wasn't ready to let go of anytime soon.


At that point, I quit smoking, I think 2009. So I needed two more years with drinking. And then I hit a bottom in Cleveland after a weekend of shows. I was supposed to go see the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame one morning, but I was hung over and I couldn't go. And I'm like, oh, this is affecting me seeing Britney Spear's sequined outfit from the two thousands VMAs. This is becoming unmanageable. Yes. Yeah. Like if I can't see John Lennon's sunglasses or whatever. And so I was puking all day and I had already bought the book because I just knew I was circling the drain and I just needed that one moment to go. I'm gonna read it. So as soon as I flew back to New York, I grabbed the book and I started reading it. The drinking one, if you're interested in this, people go, which one? 'cause there's lots of them. Just whichever one. The one for women, the one for controlling, drinking, whatever you wanna do.


I don't think you can really control drinking, but give it a whirl. They're all by a car. Yeah. A car died of lung cancer, oddly enough. 'cause he smoked for like 30 something years, but eventually created this method, quit. It robs you of any reason you have to do it. Any excuse you have of like, it makes me more social. Let's piece that apart. Actually we're gonna prove to you without a question of a doubt that it doesn't make you more social. It makes me more brave. Okay. Well then firefighters would be getting loaded before they ran into burning buildings. They're not, it's not bravery. It makes you dumb. That's the bravery. You're saying things that you wouldn't normally say Your frontal lobes offline. Exactly. You're becoming dumb. It's dumbing you. And so all the excuses they had or relaxes you, it relaxes you. Then it proves that it doesn't. It actually causes way more anxiety.


So you're kind of left with no reason to do it. They found that for a lot of people's addictions, I guess when they have no reason to do it, they don't need to do it. 'cause you're always making excuses of why you need it. And that's why I haven't read the pot book yet, because I'm not ready to give it up. Yeah, yeah. 'cause I know it'll work. You probably know enough about aa, you commented, quit drinking and then you're left with the reason you drank. And then the meetings in the steps are about addressing not the symptom. You've quit the symptom. So did you find that you were now, oh, someone without their Medicine then it just went to food. It went to, yeah. Yeah. Pot. It went to sex. Just things that weren't as detrimental. It was really the hangover that I was avoiding more than anything. So it was food mostly because of my history with anorexia.


After I gained enough weight to like not be at death's door, I just went to like binge eating and bulimia was always in some kind of eating disorder state. Then it was like 10 years. It was COVID where my life got small and then the food just filled up. So my life was so busy because it kept me from eating all the time. And then I was just uncontrollable around food unmanageable. And that's when I was like, I need help for this. And got back into a thing and realized, oh, I didn't look at the spiritual element of it. So would It be fair to say the drinking, for whatever reason on the continuum, that book was sufficient. But that the eating, you couldn't have read a book. He has a book for emotional eating and it did kind of work. It did kind of work perfect. But it is a spiritual problem that I have.


I don't think people know that if you're starving yourself or If you're bulimic or If you're overeating or whatever it is, there's a place for you. There's a 12 step for you that might not sound like the place you should go because you might be an under eater, but there's a blank anonymous that has a place for you that I didn't know about and didn't consider because I was like, that's not for me. But it helped so much. And I've been sober from starving myself for four years. I've been off gum for four years. Gum was a big thing for me that I would get sores in my mouth. Oh, okay. It was like cigarettes. Two packs a day of this Trident. It's this trickier thing. 'cause you have to find your own sobriety. Is it like SLA in that you define your bottom line Basically? Yeah, you find your own thing. So mine for a while was don't eat in bed. And then I was like staying in hotel rooms where it was like, well there's no tables, so let's commend this one.


Now mine is, if you're hungry, you don't get to keep going. You have to eat. So the first second, then I'm like, I'm hungry. I don't get to be like, yeah, let's ride this out. That's not negotiable. You don't Get horny at the Of. 'cause I used to get like, oh, my body is eating itself. I'm doing something productive. Let's ride this. You don't get to do that anymore. Other girls get to do that. That's a very common thing I hear about all the time of like, I skipped breakfast. I don't get to, you don't have that luxury. Yeah, no, I can't be trusted with starving. I don't have any opinion on whether people should go or not to a 12 step program. But for me, I could have maybe white knuckled it over the last 20 years, but I would've missed out on so much shit. Learning how to be honest with myself. Oh, learning how my fears were. Learning how to say sorry to people.


I think that's a big part of it too, is just hearing people you would never, ever hear their stories. And just learning, recognizing how to be just vulnerable around strangers and feeling in a safe space. It's good for everyone. I'm always like, I wish there was one for just a normal person. And there is, it's called Al-Anon. 'cause everyone can call. Everyone has someone in their life so there is a room for you. One of the early premises of this show was me going, can you have an AA meeting in public? Because I feel bad that people can't experience this. This is wild. You come in going, I'm not like anyone. I hate all these people. I'm not like them. I'm different. And then they start talking. You're like me, I do that. Oh yes, I've done the exact same thing. There's a human quality to it that since I'm not religious, I don't get it there.


I don't know where else I would've experienced that. What a thing to experience Teaching you. Empathy. It's amazing. It's a lost part of our culture. To share and to be a part of a community and yeah, it gives you that, but it's a lot of work. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the problem I have. But man, when you're doing it, it feels good. It's like meditating. It's always like I have time to work out or meditate. And they say you just meditate instead of workout. And sometimes it's just so hard to sit and meditate. Even though I always feel better after it. Do you guys meditate? I do. Same situation. I'm like I should. And then sometimes I do. And you're right, I always feel better after. But forcing it. And same with working out. You know, you will always feel better. You've never left the gym being like, why did I do that? Never happened in the history of the world. I do tm 'cause Howard did it and talked about it. Same. So I do take up things that I hear people I admire.


Oh yeah. Howard sold me on that big time. That really helped with my depression for a while until I stopped doing it. Yeah. It's Weird. I can't figure out why I wasn't a permanent Solution then stop working because I wasn't doing it. Oh God. Isn't Daily reprieve. It's annoying. You Like take the medicine and then you're like, I feel great. And you're like, I don't need to take this anymore. Why do we all do that with everything? It's a big deficiency. Yeah. For human brains. I'm prescribed a DD meds and I feel so amazing on them. I feel like it's cheating and so I won't take 'em. Right. 'cause I feel like I can't Lance Armstrong life like this. I'll feel guilty. I can't be proud of my accomplishments 'cause it's a pill. I tell my doctor I can't take it 'cause I feel like it makes me feel too good. And he's like, isn't that good?


And I'm like, but I just feel like I'm tricking you. He's like, you aren't tricking me. You didn't want this. I am a doctor. Don't insult me like that. Yeah. But I kind of like feeling bad, I guess. Yeah. Or I feel like I deserve it. That's what it is. Yeah. You Might have a story that if you're not working so hard Yeah. That you're just not worthy of anything. I Saw Jesse Isenberg talking on CBS Sunday morning about volunteering during Covid. He moved back to Bloomington and worked at like a shelter. Yeah. Yeah. He was the happiest he ever was. We had him on Tuesday. So why did he go back to this then? Because I was like, well why? Why? I wanna go just do an animal sanctuary. I have enough money that I'd be fine the rest of my life. Why don't I just go rehabilitate goats and teach pigs how to walk again.


When We had Jeff Bridges on, I'll miss this. We talked about getting crazy religious about exercise and then crazy religious about lethargy. You would expect this from him. But the peace he had when he goes, yeah man, that's what life is. Just ride these waves. Yes. Sometimes you're gonna volunteer and sometimes you're gonna go make a movie. Yeah. Sometimes you're gonna smoke pot, sometimes you're not. That's okay. That's okay. Yeah. You're not a bad person. No. I think you have a lot of bad person. Yes. There's a lot of bad person driving you because you say a shitty thing about someone you love. And then people point out, even that Taylor Swift thing, I'm like, I am a bad person. If I would've just seen that as a swifty, I'd be like, fuck that girl. She's a mean girl. And it's like, am I secretly a mean girl?


And I'm like, I don't think so. Like part of my brain thinking I might be a sociopath, but I've learned that sociopaths don't question it and they don't wanna vaccinate. So I can't be, instead of you thinking you are a bad person, you could channel it to whoever else is probably not a bad person. The other swifty, the other person who's writing something shitty about her instead of saying, I'm a bad person 'cause I did that. Yes. Instead, it's like I'm not a bad person and I did that. So they're probably not a bad person either. Yes. That does help me. I think I do that a lot. We also had an OCD expert on who is explaining the majority of OCD isn't what you see in the movies. It's not washing your hands repetitively. And it's not checking the lock. It's people who are convinced they're a pedophile, but they are not.


They have never done anything. But they're so worried they are. They won't watch TV shows with children. So in some way I think there's a little bit of compulsive You're so afraid you're a bad person. Yeah. Yes. Even though there's no proof that you are, other than a couple of fuckups that everyone Has be Really, that's why I like to explore on stages, my darkest thoughts and then hearing people laugh, I'm like, oh, you've thought this too. Alright. So I guess that wraps. So that's interesting about the book and I dig it and it's Really has been easy to not, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's the number one advantage I feel like I have over people sometimes. Not having a kid is another one, I have to admit, has freed me up to do a lot of stuff in my late thirties and now into my forties. Yes. That I wouldn't be able to do At this level.


Although ironically, the time you're most grateful you don't drink is when you have kids and you're around other parents early in the morning with your fucking kid. 'cause they wake up early and I'm looking at these people. Oh. And they're Hung. They're fuck dude, if I had to be doing this, which is already hard hungover, I don't know how they're doing it. No, that's the times I've felt the very most grateful. Yeah. Yeah. I don't how My mom's 5:00 AM waking up. If you went to bed at three, now I know why my mom was cranky and chugging diet coke like she was hung over. I'm gonna cut her some slack. That is rough, dude. Well, Nikki, I had high hopes for this. I was quite confident this would be great. And it was way better than I really anticipated. Yeah. Oh my God, that's so nice. It really felt like a hang. Good. I was in the middle of it. Just like, why am I so comfortable?


It doesn't usually go like this. Well, this Is a blast. I hope you'll come back. Oh, I really want to tell people. People should go see the Alive and Unwell tour. It's in the height of it right now. We Just started. Really, I've never performed in front of this many people in my life. And the theaters Are also beautiful. Right. It's a special honor to be able to play at those places. It Really is. This is new to me. I was doing theater tours for the past five years and you sell 70%, sometimes you sell out, it's a big deal. And now you're adding Dates, Adding dates. And there's a little bit of, I'm the same person I was before. Maybe these people are wrong that are coming out. But it's actually really exciting. 'cause I'm trying to embrace no more. People should see me. This is the right thing. I'm having imposter syndrome problems. But for the first time in my life, I, I am working so much harder on my standup than I ever have. It was always just something that kind of came naturally. I didn't have to really focus that hard.


And now I'm kind of doing the same thing I did with the Golden Globes and the Roast. And I'm looking at my material that way. Let's punch it up and make it as hard hitting as those. 'cause I can do it. It's just more work. And so I'm taking this very seriously. This isn't just any standup tour. Yeah. And I'm roasting every city I go down. You're Doing like six Boston dates, which Is, it's insane. Fucking Nuts. Eight new, they're all almost all sold out. Yeah. Yeah. So go to www dot Nikki Glaser dot com with an S and go quick because I was just there. And so many of the shows are already sold out. Congratulations. You so deserve it. And I'm really happy for you and you're gonna make so much money. And I hope you buy something obnoxious and insane little. Yeah. And you don't have to spend it on your kids. Yeah. Yeah. But Taylor's not on tour anymore.


Gonna buy, you're gonna save so much money. That's a good point. Yeah. All right, Nikki, this is blast. Come back, stay tuned for the fact check so you can hear all the facts that were wrong. The current confusion. And I get it, but I feel like we've said it, which is like, I'm con why are Mondays now on video? Right? Oh. And then I say, oh, we offer to the guest if they, if they're up for video, then not. That's fun. Why? And then they go, well, you said it. You wouldn't never do that. 'cause it wouldn't be vulnerable. To which I reply. I did think that. And then we had Adam Scott on and it was like one of the most beautiful connected, vulnerable episodes.


And I said, that's not true. I found that out. Yeah. I mean, also you can listen. You can keep listening. Listen, no one has listen to watch this. Just listen. If you, If you prefer to listen, you should listen. Keep listening. But some people really enjoy seeing a visual and Yeah. We've enjoyed it more than we thought. We've enjoyed doing it more than we thought. So we figured, you know, why not offer that up when we can. Yeah. Also, we do have guests coming up that aren't on video because of that exact thing where it just, They don't wanna be on camera. They don't wanna be on camera. I get it. Slash even we've made some decisions. Like this specific person is probably better to not That's Right. 'cause it's more intimate for them.


You're right. Should we get right into the sim stuff? Yeah. Me and you have both have sim stories and we've been dying to tell each other. Yeah. 'cause it came up yesterday when we were doing intros. Yeah. And we were mad we weren't recording the fact check because I have the ultimate sim experience. Yeah. Boy, I kind of want you to go first. You Do. Okay. 'cause mine gonna be less. Is that Yeah, sure. Well, just mine as a visual component. Yeah. I'm fine. I'm fine to go first. Yeah. Mine isn't, your Stories are also better. No, they're Not. They are, they, they're just so twisty and turny. Like, I never know. Oh, those s as we've said, you're like the mite shaalan of just normal pedestrian life. I, oh, is that what we were saying? No, No. You said Seinfeld.


Seinfeld. Yes. Way more Seinfeld. I don't know where I just said, but Am I, Sean? I get it. It's like you don't, you really don't know until The last frame. That's Right. Yeah. Okay. So my sim story is our last fact check. We were talking about dating and Oh, the matchmaker. The matchmaker. And the ghosting. The ghosting. You saying I I I wish you would just go talk to people. Yeah. And, you know, be In the calling business. Not the Exactly. Not the receiving incoming Call business. Okay. So we had that whole conversation the next day. I was on Instagram.


The Instagram app. Yeah. And there was someone whose story I saw. Yeah. That I thought was fantastic. Yeah. I followed this person. Yeah. And really, really liked this person from afar. I don't know, I don't know him, but our paths have crossed many moons ago. Interesting. So I, I, I follow him and I in The driveway while he was visiting his daughter. That would be Sean Penn. Oh, no, no. He is so funny. I just find him to be the funniest person.


Yeah. And so, anyway, I'm watching these videos and I'm laughing and, and I, I text a friend who I know sort of knows him. Yeah. Great, great. Wow. And I said, Hey, blank. Hey, this person's name. Yeah. Is he straight and single? Do you know? She said, I'm pretty certain he's straight. I don't know if he's That's pretty certain. We don't always know. We don't always know. Okay. Okay. She said, I'm, I'm almost certain he's straight. I don't know if he's single. Yeah. Hurdle number two. Yes. And she said, the last time I saw him, I was walking around the reservoir, so we should start walking around the reservoir.


Oh, Wow. And I Was like, oh yeah. That's great. That's fun. We made some jokes. Okay. Yeah. Was she, he or she joking or sincerely? I mean, I guess like, it's sort of half joking. Like, we're not really gonna just Like, well maybe let's anyways Sure. Because it'll be funny anyways 'cause we're doing this thing. Sure. The next day, the next day I was walking down the street and I walked past him. No, I like had such a visceral react for so many reasons. One, it was like, This is a big challenge that the universe put. Like, I'm, I, I know. Oh Fuck. I know you're not gonna like where this goes. But it was, it was, it was like the u what's the universe doing?


Is it, is it telling me like, Go say hi is what it's telling. There's nothing to interpret here, here. This Is right After you had just, this is as linear as it gets. And I walked past him and I went to the store And in person, did you get a pq? Or you're like, oh, wow. Yeah. In person. Well, I didn't wanna stare. Okay. I got a, I got a shock to my system because of the overwhelm of the coincidence. Yes. And I did not want to make a, a thing, but I, and so I went to the store and just like jumped into this To hide Store to hide, collect yourself and text my friend, of course. Oh, right. And she said, she said, did you say hi?


And I said, no, I don't, I didn't, I don't know how to say hi. I Said, I said, I don't know how. And then she said, and then this is why things get kind of confusing. Right. Because then she was like, okay, yeah. Maybe that is best. Maybe. I know. I know. You wouldn't like that part. She's Gimme her number. No. She said, maybe, do I already have her number? I think so. Okay. She said, Maybe you should, like, an introduction is better. And so then I was like, yeah. I don't know. Anyway, I, I shopped at the store. I probably bought something and nervously. Yeah. Yeah. And then I walked back out and back past, oh Great. This is like the girl with the cowboy hand. I was trying to take pan.


Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I walked back past and I like, I like shook my head a little bit to try to get my pheromones attention. Oh. That my pheromones could spread. I wanna play like a dog weight. Like the dog Tail. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that was it. It was just wild. Yeah. And I, okay. And then I told Jess about this and he was like, you told yourself if this happened again, you would say something. Yeah. And I forgot I did do that. Like, remember the guy I saw in New York who I thought was so hot and I, and I thought, oh, I should just say, Hey, you're so hey. Just so you know, you're so attractive. Yeah. My, I love looking at you. Have A great day. Remember after him?


I was like, I shoulda have said it. Yeah. And then after The guy and the farmer's market guy At the bar, at the, at Brentwoods Country Mart. What's The Bracelets at the tower you couldn't get your bracelets on? Oh, That's separate. There was Nobody. And we should have had the guy had a guy put him on you. There was No guy. But that's Okay. We can't count that one. Yeah. That doesn't count. But the other guy at Brentwood Country Mart, that was so attractive. Yeah. How many street cars are you gonna watch go by? I Know. I am starting to think you Should gotta get mad at yourself. That's a good motivator. Like, that's when you, like, you're fucking, I've had enough of this who I'm, I'm gonna live my whole life like this. Fuck this. Yeah. I'm like 4% there. Oh geez. I thought this would take you into the forties. It was, it was. Well, I, I didn't know how I could take it as I'm mad at myself.


I should have said something. Or, wow. The universe is, Trixie Loves me, like, gave me something. I'm not, I didnt do anything about It. Right. But it's only gonna give, it's only gonna try to help you so many times. Really? Yes. If you don't want its help, it's gonna stop. Fuck A universe. I do. You need to Be, I do want your help. The fuck, above 4%. I just, as your friend, I need to yell at you a little bit. 40. You need to be in the 40 eights. I'm going 82%. He knows you. You comedy girl. You got this popular podcast. We're on a very popular podcast. That's why we're staying at this hotel. Mr. Customs man in India. Oh My God. Oh my God. Yeah. Still haunts me.


I'll think about that. That's like the Nev Campbell thing for you. Oh yeah. I'll Be thinking about that For you. Oh yeah. Wait, okay. What happened again? Yeah. You told The Indian customs man. Oh yeah. When he didn't believe I was staying at the nice hotel. Then he wanted the first, the phone number. Then he wanted the address. Then he wanted like, I don't know what he wanted. He did not believe that we were staying there. What whatcha You doing here? I have a very popular said so. Well, I'm one of the hosts of a very popular podcast and we're in town to interview Bill Gates. And I'm like, he didn't know what podcast was, he didn't know what popular was. And I don't think he knew what Bill Gates was. He didn't give a fuck about any of that. It was Three strikes. And you're out. We're so lucky I got led into that country. I know. That was so funny. Okay. Anyway, so that was just, that was so Si the next day.


Yes. The next day. The next, yeah. That's, you gotta listen, girl. I know He's at Maru a lot too. Oh. Oh, my spray. She's probably a pervert. Probably wants you to shit on me. Rob. If you see On a, Ask him if he likes girls to shit on a glass coffee table. People are trying to get and tell her, your friends open to it. As long as there's not been like 10 other people who have done that. As long as she's the first. Exactly. And you Need, well, you could be up to, up to the third or third. No, I wanna be the first. Okay. You have standards. Okay. Okay. Now you have a sin moment too. Now let's hear it. Okay.


I, I pray that you think this is as insane as I do. So my friend Oliver, apparently is in Toronto and he goes to a museum. Okay. And then he sends me these two photos from a museum. Okay. And I'll explain to the listener. This is in a museum. And it is an Ames chair that was made between 1948 and 1950. Designed between 1948 and 1950. It's called Dax Armchair. Which Dax isn't a fucking word in 1948. Not only is it a Dax armchair. Oh, it was designed at UCLA in manufactured in Michigan.


Oh. Are you fucking D'S armchair? My God. Does that not zap your brain in it? That's not possible in a museum. D'S armchair. It might. They should write fucking expert after it. Well, I thought when this first popped up, I thought it was something for the show. I thought something in the museum Was, this isn't a museum of an Eames chair, by the way. Affordable. It was 20 bucks. It was meant to be a cheap And we're cheap. Arc. Yes. I'm a cheaps. I'm a cheapie. Dax armchair. Why did they use that word? That wasn't a word. That's not a name Is It was made at UCLA.


It manufactured in Michigan. The DAX listed at about $20 each. I'm gonna Read the whole thing. Hundred dollars. A monitor Term Dax armchair designed 1948 to 1950 by Charles Eames and Ray Eames with staff of the engineering department. University of California Los Angeles. This model made from 1955 to about 1972 by Herman Miller Furniture Co Zealand, Michigan. Oh. Molded polyester. Fiberglass composite steel. Rubber. I used to wear rubbers when I was single. That's a stretch. The chair design shared a second prize. Of course I never win either. Never win. I never win my birthday's.


The second the chair design shared a second prize loser in the 1940 international competition for low cost furniture design, sponsored by the Museum of Modern Art New York City, one of my favorite cities. The Dax listed at about $20 each, or a hundred dollars in modern terms. You have a hundred dollars In the French name for it is Fat Dax. Fat. Fat, fat, Fat. Dax. Wow. Monica, would you agree? This is fucking insane. That's insane. Dax Armchair. We Gotta get one obviously. For Sure.


20 bucks. Who won it? A hundred in modern team. Oh, a hundred. Oh, nevermind. I wanna contact this museum and sit next to it so people can crack up. Where is it? Toronto. Oh, We're not going There. That was the first place I ever went in a hot tub. The Harbor Castle Family vacation. Wow. I read that in bed yesterday morning. And I like, did you cry? I couldn't. I'm like, when is it too much? Would've I think I'll cry. Maybe I'll cry. I'll cry a bit tonight about it. You, Everything. You didn't cry about this. I was just Stunned. How how crazy could it get before you have to go? Like, I know. I don't understand. I know. That's how I am feeling. Like Yeah. How explicit do they have to be?


The sim engineers? That's nuts. They're designed, they're begging. Do I think they wanna I'm getting nervous though, because Eric says the more we're onto it, they'll unplug. They'll start unplugging. Right. They'll get suspicious of us. And start like hampering our speech. I'm shook by that chair. Yeah. And I must own it. You It doesn't look terribly comfortable. No. But we sold, but I'm not either. We need it in. Well, I just, I couldn't ever, no matter what it's round. I'm round. It is four legs. I do too. Yeah. We need that in here. A hundred percent. So this is a ding ding, ding ish. Because my favorite podcast, nobody's listening Right.


With Elizabeth and Andy. Elizabeth loves signs like this. She lost both of her parents when she was quite young. Okay. So she often sees them in the universe in ways. Right. They're winking at her. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. She loves that. And I, and and I like it too. And that is a sign from the universe. I know. It was a sign. It was a sign to like keep going. Like it's all gonna be fine. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And it is all fine. Exactly. Yeah. I told you this about lad Hamilton. Gabrielle said that he looks at her, she's like, I love his presence in my life. 'cause he's just unflappable. Right.


And she said that once in a while, when she's fra he looks at her and he goes, it's gonna be fine. It is fine. Yeah. Yeah. You did say this. Yeah. You said This. Or it's gonna be okay. It is okay. Yeah, Right now. It's okay. I love that. Yeah. It's a good, I really love that. It's a very studying Also, you know, we have a friend who did hypnosis and I think I've said this before, but I think about it all the time. Are you the friend in the strikes? Remember you did hypnosis? No, it wasn't me In the attic. Yeah, I do. Okay. Listen to that episode. That was an interesting episode. Yeah. Very. I got hyp hypnotized real time on this show. That's right. Yeah. Now this friend got hypnosis to stop vaping.


Part of it is you say, I used to do that. I don't do that anymore. Never again. I Used to do that. I don't do that. Never again. Yeah. I hate that sentences. I love it. I think it's so, I think the I don't do that anymore. Yeah. Is strong. Is so strong. It's actually, it's like the past, the present, the future all in one thing, Right? Yes. But the present is the one that is the most impactful. And it's similar to it is, okay. Yes. I don't do that anymore. Yeah. My thing is to go, like, what has been helpful to me is to go like whatever, when I quit dip or I quit any of the stuff I quit, which is all the time I go like, oh my God, I want it.


I want this so bad. And in 10 minutes I won't. Yeah. No. Like it doesn't Help me. It doesn't. No. For me, like knowing it, yes. This is an urge. It'll be passing. And then, believe it or not, in 10 minutes this, you're not, you won't be fighting this. Yeah. It is very comforting to me. 'cause generally when I get that strong compulsion to do something I don't wanna do, I, my brain tells me I'm gonna feel that way forever until I do the thing I want to do. Yeah. But It's tricky. 'cause some things, Some things never change. Some things, I guess, depending on your addiction, some things don't go away.


There's something to me about the mantra. If you're really trying to quit something of just like, not like, I won't want this. 'cause I think that's a lie for certain things, for certain people and Yeah. Certain addictions. Like, I, I think it's, it's not like, don't worry you won't want this soon. Because that's Not a reality. It might not be a reality. It's just like, yeah, I used to do that. I don't do that anymore. I'm Not doing that again. I don't, I don't want to drink. Yeah. I really, that that is a miracle in my Life. And I'm saying for you, that's, That works. That's a miracle. Yeah. That I was, as I say in the program, like relieved of the obsession. That was kind of unimaginable the first year.


Yeah. Oh, I'm just gonna fucking, every time I walk by a bar for the rest of my life, I'm gonna want to go inside. Yeah. And I gotta talk myself out of not going inside for the rest of my life. Yeah. But I don't think about it ever. Yeah. I could be like surrounded by Jack Daniels bottles and it doesn't even, I'm just saying. Oh yeah. Just like A lucky. Yeah. I don't know if that's for everyone though. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by better help. We often hear about the red flags we should avoid. But what if we focus more on looking for green flags in friends and partners. What I've said in the past where it's like it's better to bond over the love of a band with somebody Yeah. Than the hatred of something. Yeah. Yeah. Look for the positive Positivity. Whether You're dating, married, building a friendship, or just working on yourself. It's time to form relationships that love you back. And if you're not sure what green flags you should look for, therapy can help you identify them, actively practice finding them, and even help you bring that green flag energy into your relationship with yourself. Better Help is fully online, which helps make therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Discover your relationship. Green Flags with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HEL p.com/dax.


This is a ding, ding, ding. 'cause this is for Nikki and we do talk about addiction. Oh, I I love this episode. Me too. Me too. I gotta say, I told her it was like, we have these episodes every now and again. Yeah. They really fill my tank up. Yeah. And they make me really, really excited for our job. Not that I am ever don't like our job. I always like our job. Yeah. But sometimes I'm really turbocharged and it really hits me like, no, I love our job. Yeah. To get to like, have some thing in your head and then con like work through it with the actual human being that we have access to that. And then they're so incredible and fun. Yeah. I just, I I, let's put a real spring in my step. This Episode. Good. Not to brag.


Go ahead and brag. Not to brag. That's a sign of really good friends. You can brag. I think it is. Yeah. But not, I mean, I, I guess the armchair are my good friends. Yeah. I got two numbers that week. Yeah. It was a big week for you. And Hers was one of 'em. Yeah. And that was pretty cool. I played it really cool. And too cool. Well, no, because you exchanged numbers and you know, I didn't, I sat back. We had a Oh, right, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Great. Yeah. Like as she was leaving you, you Yeah. Got her number. Yeah. And then I, you know, I, I went in the corner during that part.


Peed in on a, on her tree. Yeah. Yeah. And then it's a little animal. You are. And she was like, oh God, what's she do? Okay. That's a thing she does. It's it's a good luck thing for us. It's, she Has pee. She does that at the end of every, every single episode. And then she reached out to me. That's wonderful. 'cause it, it, it quiets any voice in your head that she didn't want to give you your number. Yeah. I don't, because once in a while we exchange numbers with the guests. You do. Yeah. I don't, like, I will never, you've Done like five times. Five times. If they, I will never instigate it. Ever. Most of the time I want their number. Yeah. Like, I like them and I'd love to, at some point in my life, if I want to say hi to them, I want to be able to do that.


God, This is, this is back to me and you at the bar. Yeah. You get the, you always, you are just like, gimme your number. Yeah. Because I might wanna say hi, I might see you in something and I want to be able to tell you I loved it or whatever it is. But it's perfect for you because you didn't, I don't do that. You didn't ask for it. And then she reached out to you. Yeah. This is We love her. We love her. We love her. We're the number one fans. Yeah. She's fan. She's so great. She's so great. Okay. A couple little FIEs Gracious Loser face. Gracious Loser face. That's from friends. Oh. Why did they have to confront that? Because Joey, Oh. He is not into name for a daytime drama soap opera.


Soapy. Soapy. Sudsy. A Sudsy. And, And Rachel is teaching him about Gracious Loser. And did he have a, I'm, I'm guessing he probably had a really preposterous look on his face. He got Actually mad. Oh, he did? When he lost. When he lost, yeah. Oh, that's great. Yeah. God, it's a good Show. I wish someone would do that. They're on their face and it's not their name. And they go, fuck this. I fucking, they stand up and walk out. That would be awesome. Like, I feel like some of Those people genuinely And some of those people deserved you. Like, some of these people have been nominated 15 fucking times in the same category and not won. Ugh. I Know. So stop inviting me. Exactly. Okay. Do they do need tucks?


Yes. A knee tuck, also known as a knee lift cosmetic procedure that improves the appearance of the knees. They can address loose skin, excess fat, and other signs of aging. Speaking of skin, I did the thing, I haven't done it in so long, but I did the thing you're never supposed to do where I, I like felt something sort of under the skin just a tiny bit. And I've been Feeling it. The hint of a pimple. Yeah. But I dunno if it's a pimple because it's been there for a long time. It's under, it's like under, but it's not a cyst. It feels like I can, like, I can like feel it more like a pin prick, like a splinter. Yeah. Yeah. And so yesterday I started fucking with it.


I know. And now I created a whole issue on my face. And we're about to Kristen's hosting the SAG awards. By the time this comes out, it will Congratulations. Happen also. Ding ding ding, Nikki Golden Globes. Yeah. And I'm there to help her write her stuff. And so I'll be there. And now I have a whole ish whole it on my face. Where is it? Right here? Can't you? You can see it. That's okay. No money. It's okay. I just, I, I was just like, why don't we learn these lessons? I Know. The face stuff is impossible. I, I can't tell you how often I'm pushing on something going, don't do this, don't do this. This is a mistake. Oh my God. I think I'm almost there. I am gonna get it. I know. I'm gonna stop doing this. Okay. You're gonna finish this and you are not allowed to look in the mirror and start touching this again.


Like I go through this madness all the time. I know. Yeah. All right. Now we talked about baby girl. Oh yeah. Okay. Talk about baby Girl. Baby girl has two meanings. Okay. Baby girl is a slang term used to describe an attractive man. Often a celebrity or fictional character. It's a term of endearment that's become popular with Gen Z. Like a lot of people are like, Austin Butler is baby girl. Timothy Shale. Chalamet is baby girl. Yeah. Yeah. We would've said in my era a pretty boy. Yes. Probably. Correct. Attractive, cute, or vulnerable. Oh, vulnerable.


Also, it's this sexual dynamic. Oh. Based on the, well, not ba I don't know if it happened first, but the movie Nicole Kidman baby girl. There's milk. She drinks milk like A Kitty or, well, she does drink like a cat. And I don't know if it's different from when she also drinks milk. 'cause they've made that joke a lot on all these shows. And I fell asleep during like 10 minutes of the movie. So that might've been when she drank the milk. Yeah. This is like when you fell asleep during, or you shut without a paddle off. Or you fell asleep, took a shower in the middle. You took a shower. I took a shower. Yeah. We had a recording. Yeah, I Understand. I had to get to, You timed it perfectly. You missed my racist. I did. I missed your racist thing. That was probably my racism sim But that was probably my dad saying, go shower now.


We'll Take a quick one. Yeah. So anyway, baby girl is like a dominant woman being treated as a sub sexually, like dominant in life. Yeah. Being kind of subordinate sexually. Oh. I think often to a man who might be subordinate to her in life. Ooh. You know what I mean? Like this is kinky. Well, yeah. And baby girl, she's the boss and easy intern. Oh, See, I wanted taking A drink To be hotter and I, I didn't find it hot. What if she was coughed up a hairball? Like she got too into the roll. She was hacking and stuff. I wonder if you'll think it's sexy because I, I in theory could see it being sexy, but then when I was watching it, I was like, it's not really for me.


I wouldn't like tie me up. No, thank you handcuffs. No, thank you. Right. What about, okay, one time you dated this kind of older model. Oh, Were you kind of subordinate there? No. No, but it was, that was, I would say more like two equals wrestling match. Interesting. You mean physically or Mentally? Yeah, like she was aggressive. Oh, okay. I was equally aggressive back. Oh, okay. Yeah, it was like, but it was, there was no, was Subm tore? No, she had a ma, she had a wrestling mask on.


Okay. Ha. Have you ever Been a sub? Yeah. No. I don't Even with think so. Are you bringing up my molesting? No. Oh my God. No. Never. Oh, The darker the better. Okay. So you've never subbed. No. You've Never been a substitute teacher? No. Truly no shade to anyone. I've explored everything in my mind. Right. I'm like up for anything and everything, so I would try it. Yeah. I don't, I don't care. I would try that. Would you be, if Kristen's like, I want to handcuff you and Yeah.


Hit you with a fucking horse whip or whatever, I'd be like, yeah. Okay, great. What if she asked you to drink milk out like a cat? Yeah. Great. I would do anything. Wow. There's nothing I want to do That's fun. But When I imagine whether I'd be enjoying it or not, it's kind of hard for me to lock in. Yeah. Okay. Well, all Right, Baby girl. Baby girl. Okay. What did Taylor Swift, good old Taylor Swift say to Nikki? In response to her apology? Her apology said, I love Taylor Swift. Unfortunately, I am featured in her documentary as part of a montage of ass hats saying mean things about her, which is used to explain why she felt the need to escape from the spotlight for a year.


It's insanely ironic because anyone who knows me knows I'm obnoxiously obsessed with her and her music. The soundbite was from an interview I did five years ago, and I say in such a shitty tone, she's too skinny. It bothers me. All of her model friends. And it's just like, come on. This quote should be used as an example of projection in Psych 1 0 1 textbooks. If you're familiar with my quote, work at all. You know, I talk openly about battling some kind of eating disorder. For the past 17 years, I was probably feeling fat again. That's in quotes, feeling fat that day and was jealous. And I was only bothered by her model friends because I'd like to be her friend and I'm not a model. Hmm. That's a strong apology. It is very. Then Taylor said, wow, I appreciate this so much.


One of the major themes of the doc is that we have the ability to change our opinions over time, to grow, to learn about ourselves. I'm so sorry to hear that you've struggled with some of the same things. I've struggled with sending a massive hug. Aw, that's very sweet. That's as nice and repairing as a fucking thinking Be. Yeah. Aspirational. It is. All. Alright, love you. Love


you. Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24, I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts.