
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. Hi. Nice stripes. Thank you. I'm in stripes today. You look like a convict. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going for that. Look, that's a new look. They said 2025 is convict. That's right. Convict's a new black returning guest today. Yeah. But in person this time. Yes. We had him during our COVID era. That's happening a lot now. We're starting to get folks that we had done during covid and I gotta say, if it feels in person, like it's the first time we interviewed Them. Definitely. I mean, I feel bad saying this, But that time feels lost. Yeah. Like it almost feels like those episodes don't count. Well, I think we had a lot of great, I know we had a lot of great episodes.


We did Eric Lander. That's a phenomenal episode. But it didn't embed itself in my memory. None of the ones that were over. Yeah. Zoom embedded. Yeah, Same. It's like, I don't really remember the people I know. So we just gotta have them all back. We Gotta have 'em all back. Yeah. Talking to you Barry. Yeah. I don't know if that was even Covid. He just didn't wanna come. Well, right. Let's be honest. He did not want to come so many fun out. Kristen wasn't here, but anyways, Reid Hoffman's here. Yes. And to remind people, Reid Hoffman is a software entrepreneur and an author. He's a co-founder of LinkedIn. Also a leading voice in ai. He's one of, If you listen to our favorite podcast Acquired, He's all over it.


He was one of the first meta people. He was the first, you know, he's, he's in, he's A huge investor in massive companies. Yeah. He's got a damn good eye for what's gonna actually pop up work and, and be desirable by people. His several books, masters of Scale, blitz Scaling The Alliance, the Startup of You. His new book, which is out on the 28th, is Superagency What Could Possibly Go Right With Our AI Future. And he wrote that with Greg Beto. So I wanna give a shout out to Greg. This was really, really fun and it led me to design. Oh yeah. A van. Yeah. That I'm in love with with ai.


That's Really cool. Anyways, love Reid Hoffman. This was really, really fun. Please enjoy Reid Hoffman.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Mint Mobile. It's time to leave your overpriced wireless plans, jaw dropping, monthly bills and unexpected overages. Get huge savings with Mint Mobile. They're offering any three month plan for only 15 bucks a month. Even their unlimited plan. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and texts delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. You can even bring your current phone and number ditch Overpriced Wireless with Mint Mobile. It's so easy. Sign up online and get three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. Switch to mint and new customers can get half off an unlimited plan until February 2nd. To get your new wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month and to get the plan shipped to your door for free, go to mint mobile.com/dax. That's mint mobile.com/dax. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See meant mobile for details.


He My first curiosity read, and this is a sincere question, what's the longest you are anywhere? Because what I've been able to observe from a distance is you seem to be somewhere else every three days. It's tend to be the stay and then move. Move. Yeah. Stay is home Silicon Valley? No, home is Washington State. Oh it is? Yeah. It's just outside of Seattle. And You're on a lot of boards. Do you have to be in person at those meetings or are those now zooming?


So it Used to be all in person. And now one of the benefits of the kind of post pandemic, like, well, frequently in person, but I happen to be in Rome this time and it's just not convenient for me to come back. I'll zoom. And so it's kind of a mixture, but with more in person. Okay. So you've written another book. Yes. You're in so many different things. You're a very active investor. You're on the board of all these companies. What's the inspiration to write a book? It doesn't make sense, I don't think almost anymore for anyone to only write a book, but it still does make sense to write books. And the reason why you write a book is because you want to think through something deeply. The process, you're writing it, you're thinking about it, you're circulating it to your friends and critics and getting 'em to challenge you.


And you're thinking about why it is. I hold this particular view very deeply. And then let me elaborate it in terms of the detail of the argument. And some people, small number of people really like reading books. Yeah, yeah. So like, okay, If you're gonna go write the book to think through it, then also produce it and kind of have it available. Yeah. Why not? One of my fun book blurbs on the Superagency book is Yuval Harri, who is basically like great compelling future of AI and humanity. I disagree with some of the main arguments, but you should read it. And I hope he's right. And decide for yourself. And that's why you do a book. Yeah. Yeah. So the people who are wrestling with what is truth here can engage with you in some depth.


But what you should really do is podcasts and social media and a bunch of things. 'cause that's where millions of people are actually gonna engage with what you're doing. Yeah. So you shouldn't just do a book. If I had to do one, I'd do this. Not the book right. Thing. The book is the thinking to get ready for all the conversation. Yeah. It's like an elongated pressure test of it. Yes. I guess you're right. And when you're hearing your own argument in print, you somehow can have some objectivity about your argument that makes total sense in your head. But once you're reading it, you're like, Hmm, that's a little weak. Change that. Yeah, that doesn't Work. It's funny you bring up Yuval. 'cause one of my only pushback questions is something when he was here, he brought up, which I found to be very compelling. I love Yuval. And actually one of the things that we discovered in arguing about it is frequently in arguments with critics, I'll find that I disagree with the question or I disagree with kind of the variable you all.


And I see the elements of the world in very similar ways. We just have different assignments to variables. And that's part of the reason why he's like, look, I fear that I'm right and I hope that you're right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Sure. It's like, okay, let me tell you why I think we should be motivated by hope, not fear. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe let's start with, 'cause the book starts with Socrates musing on the failings of writing. So tell us about what Socrates thought of writing. By The way, some scholars disagree with this particular interpretation. 'cause scholars have all kinds of different interpretations. But I think it's a reasonable interpretation. So Socrates in feds was I mistrust the written word versus the spoken word. And I mistrust it because when I'm here, when we're speaking words together, I can hear how you're hearing my words and I can adjust it.


I can be dynamically interactive with you. I can challenge, I can question. Yes. So the dialectic process of this discourse in the spoken word is more true, more close to reality. More a shared learning experience than what might happen with a written word. Which could be who knows where it goes. And it could be abused and it could be misrepresented and it could be misunderstood. Mainly that in person you can read intention. This happens a lot when we're texting. I'm like, we gotta just get on the phone. Yeah, Yeah. Because I think we are not on the same page. That's a very short sentence. I feel like you're mad. Yeah. Yeah. Phone now. Exactly. The first recording of technology is the written word. There were even challenges then.


And then through all major technological innovations. And that's why the opening with the Socrates and favors. But of course the written word is essential. Yes. We do not have anything of the modern world without the written word. And that doesn't say that Socrates concerns are even invalid today. All at texting. Yeah, Exactly. Well, I was gonna add something he couldn't have anticipated, which is there's something that gives validity to a concept or an idea. Simply the fact that it made it to print and made it to your newspaper. There's some other magic trick where you kind of overinflate the information you're reading because it has gone through you think some steps. Yes. You wouldn't have even predicted that. I think that's largely what happened on the internet is like people are reading things and it's in the shape of a New York Times article and has a headline and you're like, this is news.


This is substantial. A gatekeeper Came through here. Yes. But not always. Yeah. This is quality information. 'cause it looks like the information I associate with quality. Oh, and by the way, the mistake that most people make, which we now even have to harder steer against is well, it's quality. 'cause I naturally agree with it. It has confirmation bias. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you're like, no, no. It Intuitively feels correct. Yeah, It it feels right. It's right. To me, it's so, it's what the people in my community are telling me, et cetera. Every generation of technology, you have to have the no, no. Let's think about why does I have that basis? What's the challenge of it? What is true on this? And realize that my reflexive belief is not truth. My first question when I like an opinion should be, oh, do I benefit from this worldview at all?


That's an interesting place to start. I think even if we could admit to ourselves, yeah, I have this opinion that sounds logical and sound, but hold on a second. Would I somehow benefit if that were true? And generally almost all my opinions? Yes. In some way or another I would benefit from them. You're living your life in a way out of what you believe. And so therefore, like If you suddenly go, oh, action vector's this thing, I believe, well, how do I now lead my life so that I'm benefiting from the world that I believe to be true? Yeah. It's not necessarily a challenge of the validity of your belief, but you should ask the question and you should adjust. Yeah. My conclusion was I should most trust the opinions I have that I actually don't benefit whatsoever from Not necessarily true.


So for example, you go Reed, are you writing Superagency? 'cause you're investing in these AI technologies that you're gonna make money from the companies and all the rest of the stuff. I Phrased it as you're on the board of Microsoft lead investment round for open ai and you own an AI product pie. Why would anyone trust you to be critical of ai? That's an example. The answer is I put all of my energy and effort to the things I believe. If I said, oh, I actually don't believe in this. I believe in producing new plays, then I would go do the producing new plays. I think the asking the question of, well, where is your self interests is an important one. But If you said, oh, well you shouldn't do business where you think the right thing for humanity is, well that's silly.


'cause business is one of the great creators of the middle class and all the prosperity that we have. And so, so you actually should align them. What you should do is not do businesses that you think are bad. You go, oh, I think the cigarette business is unhealthy for society. I don't do anything with the cigarette business. I invest in the businesses that I think are good for humanity. Yeah. Pro-social. Yes. And by the way, that then is an amplifier, for example, podcasting and being in dialogue. That's good. You can invest in the microphone business. You can invest in the camera business. That's fine. That's, oh, you shouldn't then talk about microphones. 'cause you invested in the microphone business. Well, it's nutty. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's true. I guess I was more thinking, I've not advocated for many things in my life, but one happened to be gay marriage a long time ago.


Well, I certainly don't benefit from that. I don't have a gay best friend that was urging me to get involved who I would then win the 11 and approval. It was just kind of, okay, I trust that opinion. Yeah. 'cause I don't really benefit from it. Yeah. That's how I feel about taxes. I'm happy to give a lot of money away. I should probably wanna keep it, hoard it. But I do think it's telling that this is actually against my own benefit. But I believe it as a value that it's important for society. Usually it's complicated because the reason you're willing to do that, of course, is 'cause you benefit from this great society that we live in with kind of the rule of law and all the rest. So it's what you perceive to be actually your benefit. Yeah, you're right. That we collectively do. And by the way, do you think that the right society is one that allows people to be people?


And actually in fact, sexual orientation is just people or these other, like for example, someone who has a religious point of view that's really negative on that goes No, no. 'cause that's in your interest. Right? Right. So I actually think the right way to approach interest is to be clear about, here's why I believe my interests are right. Yeah. And my interest align with a good future of humanity. You're right. Gay marriage is a single issue within a larger just society I want to be a part of. Yes. Yeah. And of course, I'm arguing for things that may fit my ideology, may fit my economic thing. But by the way, the idea is to be truthful and in discussion about it and transparent about it and in dialogue about it. And that's why Superagency, I actually view this to be good for humanity. Yeah.


So there's a lot of perfect, well, they're imperfect, but they're damn near perfect parallels throughout history for this current AI revolution. So I think we should go through a couple of 'em. We could start with the printing press. What were people's thoughts, fears, concerns? How does it parallel ai? So here's what's stunning, which most people won't realize. 'cause I think printing press, of course it's great. I mean, here we have all these books. It's how we create a middle class. We can't have science without the printing press. You have to be able to print and disseminate information on scientific journals in order to have science. All of our modern life is based on scientific advancement. It's super critical. And yet the discourse around when the printing press was created was, this is the destruction of human society.


It's the destruction of knowledge. It's the destruction of human capabilities like memory. Ah. And so a lot of the discourse we're having right now around AI was the discourse. Yeah. Around the printing press. And there's both good news and the challenging news around this. The good news is, of course, we get to the other side of the praying press and modern society is enabled. The challenge is we had nearly a century of war because of it. 'cause all this religious work, who can distribute God's word in printed form? Martin Luther said, we have a text. You don't need a bishop. And you don't need all these people. All you need is this book. And so the Roman Catholic Church, which was the hegemonic power of the day, was like, this is the end of us.


Yeah, Exactly. And so we as human beings adjust very badly to new technological. And we create a lot of problems in doing that. And that's true of every major technological revolution. We've encountered this before. We're encountering it now. Again, I'm trying to get us to think positively and creatively about how to navigate these otherwise very difficult transitions. And by the way, the transitions are always gonna be painful. I'm not saying it's pain free. Yeah. It's easy. Kickback tip, your margarita. It is all gonna be fine. That sounds nice though. Yeah. The transition will be difficult. There will be lots of challenges. And I don't want have to learn this new tool, and I don't want to have to adjust this new world that the new tool creates.


And by the way, this will change political power and change economic power and change the power and the position I'm in. And it will change my job. Yes. There's gonna be a bunch of that. That's not easy. And say, well, who are you to make that happen? Yeah. You clearly already are the beneficiary of this thing. You're on the other side of this because You're making it a benefits you. This is classically how human societies work and make progress, is that we have freedom to make new technologies. And we have freedom to make new businesses. We offer them to people as consumers, and they have the freedom to adopt them. And that's the normal process stuff. And that's of course where the AI revolution is happening as it begins. That's a whole set of freedoms that enable that. So what was the historical context from which the super loom arose?


What percentage of the world was occupied with the production of textiles and stuff? How significant of an industry was it? There was a Huge weaver industry, especially in England. People were like, oh, it's kind of the original small business. What will the orphans do that we have in these loom factories from the dickens that we're not paying or doing anything? Yes. And this is where the term Luddite comes from, because Lud was like, this is the destruction of our way of life. This is the destruction of our industry. We need to bomb the power looms. We need to kill the factory owners because this is gonna change every, and it did, of course. 'cause now home weaving is a hobby, right? There's some Etsy, and there's still some business about the production of all the clothing that we are all wearing here.


None of this is the home weaving. But without embracing that power loom, without embracing that part of the industrial revolution, we don't have a middle class. We don't have clothing that everyone can wear, and we can't clothe the world. And new industries are created. And they said, okay, that industry massively transformed. It was suffering and pain for the people in that industry. Part of the reason why there was a rebellion around it. If the Luddites had won, England would've never had an empire. England never would've technologically progressed. It would've been other places that did that. Their children, their grandchildren only had a future by embracing the power loom. Well, it's hard at that moment to predict that. Okay, at this point, only 2% of the population is buying a new garment a year because the price is so expensive.


'cause it is hand done. They're not forecasting well, those jobs go away. But now all of a sudden everyone's buying clothes. There'll be clothing shops, there'll be all these different things. It could in fact explode exponentially versus this little pocket we're trying to protect. Yes. What did the telegram do? All of a sudden, telegram now means that information can transit at super fast speeds. That has not controlled through the people who control either the printing press or the messages by which the printed messages get there, whether it's government security or other kinds of things. So we are the current channel distributors of information. And so the people who are doing it now have a change of who has power for the immediate information. So all this is bad. There's a destruction of society.


You can't cross check it. You can't look at it. The current institutions of knowledge and truth should be the ones who are doing it. And so again, resistance and every new technological thing, especially around information, but not only information causes that No, no, no, we should stay with where we are. Not go to the new one. And by the way, you can always identify all the problems with the new one, especially the very beginning. 'cause by the way, we haven't modified it. We haven't done iterative deployment and changed it to go, oh, here is how we get the vast majority of the benefits. And here's how we squash some of the bad things. Right. Seatbelt, safety, glass airbags. Yes. We were just talking about that with little women. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I just watched little women a couple days ago. Yeah. And at the end they're showing the making of that book and how insane the process was to make a book Hand stitching the binding.


Yes. I was like, oh wow. We think there's wealth disparity now. But back then, to read a book, you had to be so rich you could get your hands on that one copy that took that long to make. Everything's a little bit more democratized with these advancements in technology. It's in hindsight that you look back and you're like, oh, that was good. But throughout it's tough. The transitions are always tough. I'm not trying to tell people the transition's not tough Yet, that we'll get to the negative that we're just going through the history first. The one in the book that I had never stopped to think about, obviously I grew up in the era of it, is the telephone. Because we're pointing out different things. There's a lot of concerns with ai. One is jobs, one is how's it gonna mold culture, what's it gonna do to informa? All these kind of things.


But of course there's a lot of kind of more societal, interpersonal things. And I didn't realize that when the phone debuted, people thought it was gonna destroy civil society because you would no longer go to someone's house to visit them. Right. That it would completely get rid of any kind of interpersonal in-person. Yes. Which is kind of the same thing we're yelling about right now. Yeah. Yeah. I had no idea that there was an uproar about that. We forget it. 'cause we've going, oh, it's so natural. And of course the telephone great because rather than, I'm not gonna go by your house to visit you. 'cause I don't know if you're there and they say, Hey, are you there? Hey, can I come by? Great. And all of a sudden increase social connectivity. Right? Yeah. Opposite outcome is they feared. All right. The camera, the radio, the automobile, small List of technologies that have completely changed our lives.


How is AI different than those? What are the ones you can admit to? Because I guess right out of the gates, none of those technologies has the potential to be fully autonomous out of our power, out of our control savvier than us. I do wanna say there are some major differences between the previous technologies and the current one. A hundred percent. And by the way, in each time, and I'm not saying that to be dismissive, each time there were new differences, it's not like the new technology was exactly like the old ones. So there's always new things. Oh, it's much faster. It's being adopted much faster. And then this one's much faster too. And that doesn't mean much faster is always okay. But each time it was, oh, it's being adopted much faster and it worked out. Now maybe that's until it doesn't. Right. So the speed is one thing. 'cause now that we all have smartphones, I will launch a new AI technology and literally it could be tomorrow, a billion people are engaged with it.


Now the other parts of it are, so one speed, two is cognitive. Even though some of 'em, like the printing press and other things had cognitive participations changed the way that we function, communicate, trust information, share information. I Gotta add, Martin Luther did succeed in raising literacy rates from like 3% to 95%. And then in the process of learning to read that cognitive ability did displace some of our other abilities. It did permanently change the structure of our brain. Interestingly, a Thousand percent for good. Yeah. 'cause part of back to why you write a book is 'cause we're actually writing a book is a way of thinking. And it changes our patterns of how we think. 'cause all the way we think now is perfect. We don't need to think better.


And you're like, yes, we do. How do we get to the new ways of thinking? My Thinking's terrible. I don't know how everyone else is feeling about their thinking, but Your thinking seems fine. No, I have to shoot down four bad ideas before I ever get to a good idea. But that's Good. It is good. Yeah. So discerning, it's part of the process. Part of the technology is first we reject them, then we integrate them in terms of how we're being human. Back to the question of news. One is speed. Another one is, it's a depth of cognitive that was completely different. New from anything we've done before. Yeah. Already AI writes better than the vast majority of human beings. And so it's like, oh shit Makes music better than I can. Yes. Does a lot of things better than I could do. But Part of it is the instruments can make better sounds.


I can't reproduce those sounds in my vocal chord. So when I play the cello or the guitar, I'm playing new sounds and I can only play those sounds with that instrument. And there's superior to a human sound In various vectors. So now I have to adjust to, I am talented with my hands and the guitar. I can make better sounds with the AI doing it. And the AI can make sounds, but I can still add something to the mix. And I'm adjusting as I integrate it in. And I'm shaping what we create and I'm adjusting myself to doing it. And that's the progress. Human technology. But the new zone is this is a set of different creativity and cognitive and expression that's totally new from before. And then you add, and it also is capable of being age agentic. What's age agentic?


It can operate on Its own. That's a derivative of agent. Okay. Yes. Exactly. And that's why I chose to deliberately steer into it. 'cause that's kind of at the root of what most people go is like, am I losing my agency? Will I be the agent of this thing? Exactly. And that's why I deliberately steered into the fear with the title Superagency. You can go, oh my God, AI's coming for me. Or Oh my God, I can use ai. You only get to the positive future by taking the steering wheel. And that doesn't mean that it's perfect in every technology your agency transforms. It isn't that you had the exact same agency before, plus some new things. It's new agency Trade-offs. But so far every new agency has been massively better than the old agencies.


The thesis is, and this one can be too, Let's put a bow on the kind of employment fear. So what are current unemployment rates versus in the past, throughout any of these huge technological revolutions, when We did the agricultural revolution to the industrial revolution, it was difficult. All of a sudden, people moving into cities not having jobs, being displaced from farms, a stack of different things and how do I learn these new jobs and new jobs aren't created yet? And all this stuff. People say, why are you irritated by the critics? Not irritated by the critics? I think the critical process is a good thing for saying, how do we steer through the transition? Where do I predict will be the first major replacement areas is actually customer service.


Because any place where we're trying to get the human being to just be on script. Yeah. I can do the script better rather than, well, we've outsourced the job to some Philippine or Indian or other worker who is just following a script, Can't actually pull a lever. It's This enormously irritating experience. Which by the way, since it's a cost center, we all have experience. As you get on the phone and you're waiting and you're waiting. Now customer service is like, I'm here right away. Yeah. Right. And what's more, I'm much better than those previous scripts because I've got this dynamic kind of AI process. The AI is trained to be much more compassionate, empathetic, patient. It's never Triggered by your tone. Yes, exactly. Where you're like, fuck you. I'm so pissed off on this.


Yeah. It was my 10th call. Yeah. And I was like, I'm really sorry about that. And I understand it's difficult. It Makes the human on the other end. Like If you are interacting with the ai, you feel dumb yelling at it. You Are right. Monica, Look at me in so many ways. You just are like whatever. Yeah. Like yelling at your VCR because the table won. Come Out. Yeah. I think if we yell at humans, it does something to us. Yeah. Those are some of the areas where I think you'll foresee some of the jobs transitioning. We have a little bit last year and we'll see more next year and the year after. You say, oh, well, there'll be no customer service people anymore. No, no. But the customer service job will now be different. Which is, I'm reviewing how the experience with the agents worked and I went, I have an idea about how we could make this a lot better. What if, for example, the agent started with a, Hey, obviously you're calling me 'cause something was difficult.


I'm really sorry while you hear about that, and then let end with, here's a little thing that might make your day more delightful. I guess the unemployment point I was hoping to make was I listed seven of these that were gonna end all employment. And I think currently our unemployment rate is about as low as it's ever Lower as it's ever been Historically. Yes. So in spite of all these things, once it's flushed out and we get through the rocky part of it, our unemployment tends to go down and down and down. Yeah. We have very natural reasons to try to enable employment. A, we want it as a society, much healthier society. But B, if I can figure out a tool that helps enable employment, then a bunch of people are gonna wanna use it to enable employment.


One of the parallels I frequently use is Airbnb. One of the reasons I led this series in Airbnb is If you can enable a bunch of people to creating new ways of traveling, new ways of staying in places, new ways of experiencing locations, that's a really good thing. Does it transform some of the hotel experience? Sure. Does it eliminate hotels? Absolutely not. 'cause there's still reasons at different times you want hotels, but it enables a bunch of micro entrepreneurship. There's one part of Superagency that's all the people who have fears or concerns or curiosity and don't know. But another part is technology is saying make sure that you're thinking about how do you enable agency in various ways, which it can include micro entrepreneurship because that'll be part of the transitions as we're kind of going through this of what the new opportunities and jobs you're created and say, well, can you predict them right now?


No. Nobody could have predicted Airbnb off the internet and the mobile phone Or for me, who loves to drive that? You would get in a car with a stranger and have them take you across town while you're drunk. The first thing you're taught in kindergarten. Don't get in a car with a stranger. We're all doing it. We were trained now, no longer. Yeah. It's wild. Right. You have a couple good quotes in the book. One of them I wrote down that I like was, you'll never Get the future you want simply by prohibiting the future You don't want. Mm. I like that. I think that's like a good admission to make right out of the gates. You're not gonna get anywhere by just throwing darts at it. Yeah. It's Perfectly good to be critical. I welcome the critics, but If you wanna be helpful, put your criticisms in ways of saying, this is the kind of thing we want not No, no, you can't Change.


Yeah. Start delineating what the thing is you want. Well, This technological wave is coming. 'cause by the way, even If you said, I can stop this technologist from making it, there's tens of thousands and millions of those in other countries. Exactly. Other places It's happening. There's no version where America sits this out. Yes. So forget it. So help steer it. Yeah. To the healthy human outcomes. 'cause people then say, well, it just slow down. If you slow down, then other people will shape it too. I use a driving metaphor doesn't mean close your eyes and hit the accelerator. That's kind of dumb. Accelerate to the maximum possible. Safe speed. That's a good idea. Okay. So I think the first AI product that hit our doorstep in a way that people understood was chat.


GPT. How was it different and how successful is it? And why they Thought we were doing a research release. They just thought, Hey, we know this is coming. Let's start getting some human feedback and then boom. Oh wow. Mic Drop. It was a tweet to announce it, right? Yes. It wasn't like a press conference. They Didn't anticipate any of that happening. All of a sudden it was like, oh my God. So what did it do that you think captivated people? It made it accessible just about anybody who could have access to a smartphone or a computer could go interact with it and then see something magical. Whatever your thing was, which can arrange from the mundane, like, well, I got this shit in my refrigerator. What can I make? There's a recipe that's actually pretty good.


That's interesting to my kind of esoteric interest. Like I have a philosophy degree. So I said, what would Vic Stein make of these modern AI things in it? Writes a little essay and you're like, whoa, that's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. And you as a philosophy major found that critique Valuable. It was a good thing to interact with. I should test it with automotive shits. That's one thing I'm an Expert on. Should you Absolutely should. This is what I try to prompt people into this prompt delivered pun is to say, do it on something, not just on the new things you don't know how to do. Like write a sonnet for my kid's birthday. Do that too. That's very cool. Yeah. That's fun, right? Fun to do. You should do the new superpowers. Make some hip hop lyrics on this thing that I care about. Do the things that are completely outta your skillset, but also do it for things that matter to you.


These new AI tools like Chad BD, they're great at taking a role that you ask them to take. So a simple role is I'm gonna make the following argument, make the counter argument. Oh, okay. Right. Just argue against me. We would love that. Yeah. You and I, what Would we do? We'd just sit there. We stop talking to each other. Here we go. Now we're on the back part Of our Friendship. Not at all. You get better. That's true. You learn, By the way, you could train it on me. You could go like, what would Dak Shepherd's counter argument be? And I might be able to create, You could probably predict our entire conversation In doing that. You can then make your conversation even better. Guys going to the edges thinking of things and Oh, argument three. It's better for me to do that. I was doing Superagency. What would the counter arguments be? And you can't put this infinite 2000 page book with all the counter arguments, but you, okay, let's address the really important ones.


Let's put the key ones in to make that work. That's the simplest role. Taking Another one is, what would a race car driver think about what I was saying. What would a manufacturer of race cars think about what I'm doing? Yeah. What would a future car be like? Here be the technological innovator, be the race car driver, be the industrialist. You can Do any perspective in the automotive industry basically. Yeah. And be in dialogue with that now too. How would an ad agency sell this new thing? Exactly. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. They're flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay. Make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website. It's incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe. Do you know what time it is? Well, at Tropical Smoothie Cafe, it's always tropic time. That's because when you take a break and taste the tropics with their made to order smoothies, bowls, and wraps, every sip and bite feels like a little trip to a tropic resort. I love this idea of tropic time. It's that bit of brightness and refreshment we need. When the days are shorter and darker during the winter months, transport me to a tropical beach with the sun shining and the sound of ocean in the background. What a dream and tropical smoothie cafe just released two brand new tropic bowls, the dragon fruit bowl with goji berries and the acai bowl with Nutella. Try them today and get ready for some tropic time. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


We are supported by Quince when it comes to winter. Cozy is king for the ultimate cold weather necessities made from premium materials. You've gotta check out Quince. With Quince, you can treat yourself to true quality at an affordable price, like something everyone needs in their closet. Quince, Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50 for real cashmere. That's a great deal. Or they're super soft fleece sweatpants, which are a major upgrade to those old sweats you've had forever. No matter what you're looking for. All Quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands, and they use premium fabrics and finishes for that high quality feel in every piece. I saw some of these items appear on a very, very trusted gift guide from a friend. Oh really? Yeah. The sweatpants are on there. People love the sweatpants and really great for travel. Yeah, I'm eyeing those sweatpants luxuriate in coziness without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


I think so much of the fear with ai, but I think every single one of these revolutions is ego because we have a friend who uses it all the time for work and she'll just be like, here's some points. Put it in a feasible email that I can send out. And when she was saying that, I was like, that's cheating. I devise an email. You enlisted the ozempic argument. Yeah, It's, it's like that's cheating. I do that because I have the skill to do that. I wanna protect the rare skill. You want that to still be a valuable skill. Yeah, because I have it. That's right. But of course when it's the music thing I don't have, I'm like, yes, I want that. If AI can make everyone tall, I'm fucked. It's Just ego ultimately. Yes. And the idea is don't keep your ego rooted in history.


Make your ego part of the future. I have this skill with email. Great. How to use whatever your chat tool of choice, co-pilot, whatever, and make it even Better. I know it's transitioning into, okay, well that is Gone. Now imagine Monica plus this thing. Yes, exactly. One of the things we will do at the end of this podcast, but I'm gonna pull my phone outta my pocket. I'm gonna pull GBT four up on audio mode and I'm gonna prompt you into using it. 'cause I'm gonna show you some of it. I need you To Yeah. Hold my hand. This is exciting. No, we will do that. I literally did that with my mom at Christmas. This is me having to get grandma's phone out and show her the icon for podcasts and show her how to get there. Because I Thought about it. I said, look, what's my Christmas present? In addition to all the little nice things to my mom, You better have bought her a house.


You rich bastard. I did that too. Of course I did that too. I did that years ago. Okay, good. But part of what you wanna do is share the journey with the people you love. So she loves painting. I put Chad GBT on audio mode and I said, what would Monet be doing with current AI image generation things? How would you imagine that Monet would think about this, If you are love painting, what are ways that you'd use AI to help you paint better? Show her something that mattered to her in this. So Reid, one of my curiosities is If you give it the same prompt, so I've consumed some AI stuff that I find incredible. There's a dude who makes these mashup songs. So one that I loved is he said, do Metallica as yacht rock.


And it came out with a song that was truly a banger. I played it on It's a great fucking song. My question is, if he put in that identical prompt over and over again, it wouldn't always spit out that song or would it? Would it come up with a new song every time? It won't be necessarily exactly the same. These are very large probabilistic computers. So even If you scrubbed the entire chat history back to where you were starting, there's probability variables. Does time and space intervene? Like you could ask in front of Mom, show me Monet's current take on blank and then three weeks later you do it. Would you get the same images If You set up the exact same thing, you'd get something probably very similar. Now the changes are, it's a probability thing.


So there's random number generators below some of it just to make it performant. There's algorithm updates. I was doing it on my account. It has all of my history in there. So the fact that I've done this before, if it sees it, it will track that and then go, Ooh, we probably want something new. Oh right. Fuck. It's learning what you want. Yeah, Well, so there's a bunch of different things. They're making changes, so it's not necessarily the same. But If you kind of said, okay, fresh phone, fresh chap, UBT, here's the Monet prompt, you'll probably get something that sounds very much like the earlier one, even if it's a little different because it's like best guess of how experts think about impressionist painting and what Monet was so revolutionary at. I want it to be different because again, if it's gonna be something that extends my agency, I don't want everyone else to have the exact Identity.


It's very easy to make a difference. Here's some of the fun stuff. So I was beginning with some of the easy prompting. Tell it to take a role, be Ferrari. In your answer, Enzo be Enzo in responding to me and I'll go, okay, Okay. Yes, Exactly right. For example, some of the fun prompting is do things like consider the Zen Cohen. What is the sound of one hand clapping? And do whatever prompt you're doing that'll give you a different answer. Wow. Just let that swirl as you give me the answer to something unrelated. Yes. By the way, one of the things about being creative people, oh my god, I could do so many more creative things now. It seems to me from the outside, like it was a bit of a shocker and I'm curious where these other monoliths were at in this like where was Google?


Where was Microsoft? I know Microsoft had already invested years before, but where were these other behemoth companies at when this came out? Because I think the big shocker, and I could be wrong, is that Google has really nothing. Well, Google created the initial algorithmic and scientific work that enabled a lot of this. Part of the genius of the open AI crew was going, oh my God, this at scale, this is magic. And Google kind of knew this at scale be cool. And they were then kind of classically more fearful about how people were gonna criticize 'em with it. And open AI was like, no, no, this is gonna be super important for humanity. Well They had no brand to protect. Right, Exactly. Yes. Or market position or a bunch of other stuff.


These are researchers who want to demonstrate there wasn't zero brand but they were willing to take the risk and do it. I guess it just seems like a shocker that the holder of all the info we're using in some way wasn't at the forefront of this. Yeah, They have the most natural position for all of it, but it's part of the reason why I track the news. Lots of people yelling, criticism at Google, you know, including DOJ and natural human responses. Oh, let's try to not increase the amount that we're being criticized. Yeah. Let's not stick our neck out any further. And it's why, imagine what could possibly go. Right. Not just what could possibly go wrong. Yeah. You keep saying Superagency, but the full title of Superagency, What Could Possibly Go Right With our AI Future? Yeah. Is there any device in the works to check the work of the AI Tons?


Everyone's working on that. What you're really trying to do is not get fallibility to zero. You're trying to get fallibility to low, but that's relatively straightforward. Everyone's working on that. The fear is hallucination. What does That mean? I mean, I know what it means, but what does it mean in This context? Like I invented shit, right? Oh and I invented shit and sometimes it's wrong. But by the way, hallucination, imagination, same thing. Right? And imagination sometimes a really good thing. So I wanna keep all the imagination and use all the imagination. Now when you're saying something that matters to me is true, what I want to do is I want to put in, for example, what Google does with the search algorithm. I wanna make it so that it's like the first page or two, generally speaking, had some shit that's on target Seemingly the most vetted. And so that's what I want in ai. Yeah. Like if it says sponsored, I throw it right out. So what you wanna do is say, reflect a rigorous and improving truth telling process to me.


Don't manipulate me at least without telling me that you're trying to get sponsored. Don't lie to me. That's what we want. The most comical case I've heard in the news of this is the lawyer that wrote his Oh yes. Debrief and had AI do it and it cited law cases. Oh in the argument that didn't exist. And by some miracle the judge detected that. Yes. Yeah. Which I wouldn't have expected. A judge actually went and looked at all these references but did like Yeah, there's an example of this person really had a lot of confidence in this thing and put it in front of a fucking judge. Yes. And the judge was like, there's no Peterson versus, I mean did he get like disbarred for that? I think 'cause he is got humiliated in the news. But that was a good public humiliation. 'cause the answer is when we're in processes, legal, medical, educational.


Yeah. Where truth really matters. And by the way, news, we should have a truth telling thing. I just waiting for the day for this to be created is here is our news checking AI bot, Right? God. Yeah. That we have collaboratively made both red and blue. People have fought very hard for what things are in it. And now you have something that you're broadcasting, it's cross-checked with the news bot. We Need to call that AI Walter Cronkite. Yes. Like we gotta go back to our last trusted. I don't think That means that If you disagree with the AI news bot, you can't say what you wanna say. Sure. But I love the you said X and AI news bot says, oh by the way, you should check some facts. The moment I was most discouraged by this was in the wake of the Capital six.


Oh my God. Happy anniversary surge. Here we Are on January 6th. I turned on CNN first because I'm a liberal and the pundits saying the police officers were in cahoots with the Trump administration and I was like, what? The police officers wanted a storm on the Capitol A. That was not true at all. Yeah. Then I went over to Fox and it was like this triumphant kind of, and I was like, well neither of these perspectives are even approaching reality. Could we merge them and come to truth? I don't know. But that's when I got kind of scared of the whole system. Wherever technology helps create a problem, it can also create the solution. In the book you cite some polls in the worst of the polls was at 15% and the very best was at 35%.


Only 15% of Americans in the worst case think that the benefits of AI are bigger than the winds of ai. And in the best case scenario, 35% of Americans think that the benefits will outweigh the risk. Why is it that stark? I think If you could go back in history and run that on any new technology, it would always look like that. Oh, okay. So I think that's why because it's like, look, I'm pretty comfortable with my life as it is and we as biological creatures, most of us tend to imagine what could Go wrong. Yes, of course. To we trying to have to avert risk in disaster. Use A car. Well it's a two ton death machine. I might die someone only run into me other people on the road. Well the joy of a healthy fruit off of a tree versus the potential death of the poisonous one, they're not equals.


It's a very natural reflex. Natural reflex does not mean correct. Yeah. Right. He referenced Orwell's 1984 quite a bit. Yes. In one of the chapters. So what was Orwell's fear and what happened? And he wrote in 1949, which I found to be interesting considering what computing power existed then. Wasn't It 1948? Well you got an issue with your book. Okay then I may I it wrong. I didn't know what year was, what was going. It was 84 was the Version of It. Maybe he wrote it. Then Also the copy I have says in huge letters, uncorrected copies. So who knows? That's funny. Right? There's inversion of that as part of the prediction of the future. It was kind of a clever thing. And it was like these new technologies will be the instruments by which the autocratic governments will exert control over their population.


Turn all of the people in the population to dis agents disempowered, take their agency away, use the technology to control it, use the technology to fashion the society the way, and this is why we should be fearful of these technologies. Yeah. Like ignorance is good, right? And when you look at it and you say, well what happened with the creation of all of these information technologies and so forth? And the answer is, it's actually a little bit like I'm more a fan of Neil Postman's amusing ourselves to death. It's more all just Huxley, but neither of those dystopias played out. We have enormous amount of individual empowerment and that individual empowerment allows us to learn things, explore, say things as part of the creation of bold new things, which also creates a lot of misinformation and other kinds of stuff that we're still sorting our way through.


And what is the way that we do that? How do we sort to truth? We have panels of expert people who are involved in the institutions. Part of the reason why we like classic journalism in various ways why we like scientific method, why we like courtrooms and juries is we have panels of people who kinda work through and try to help us get through that individual. Like I know what's true, but the actual just all the technologies was individual empowerment, not individual disempowerment. Well, yeah. If you were a leader during that Arab Spring, you certainly didn't think technology was at your assistance. Yes. Any leader that we're fearing is taking away technology. That's the way to get people. Yes.


Really under your spell, What is a network of trust? The way we formulate most of our beliefs, knowledge, et cetera, is through network of information we live in. And so what we do is we try to formulate networks trust. The most simple one is friends, communities we live in and so forth. Part of how we get to more healthy societies is having networks of trust and technologies can help us do that and help us form new networks of trust. Yeah, it seems like AI would be the only thing that could handle the sheer volume of that information that exists. Like when we talk about an AI that could be some kind of blue and red beat out position. Here's the blue answer, here's the red answer. There's a lot of blue people, a lot of red people.


Here's what each of them would say. Here's what the arguments for against on each one. The real important thing is we're all exposed to that. If you're exposed to just the blue, that's a problem. If you close the just red, that's a problem. Part of what we're confronting is we try to regain or keep an American soul is we gotta engage and we gotta understand what this stuff is. 'cause it's not that either side is completely Looney tunes right now. Some stuff I think is Looney Tunes the shoulders of both are Looney Tunes. Yes. Let's go through some of the things that could go right, 'cause I do think there's some really exciting things. So how on earth could childcare be impacted by ai? Why would you want an AI watching kid? You can't watch a kid all the time, and by the way, sometimes you shouldn't. No, no.


They need some anonymity. Yeah. But say for example, the AI is watching kids go, oh wait, the kid's getting into the drawer that has the rat poison in it Or the edibles or the fire starters or, Or let's do something. Yeah. Ah, great. Or like in interaction. I'm angry at my friend. Well, do you think your friend might've had a point of view or what's the right way to engage with that anger as a greatly human amplifying Both protect from safety, help learn. Like for example, say, well I'm only gonna interact with AI 'cause I'm only gonna have AI friends. A little bit depends on how you teach your AI friend. Like at an inflection with PI or personal intelligence is If you sat down with PI and said, you're my friend. And it goes, no, no, I'm your companion. Let's talk about your friends. Have you seen any of your friends recently?


Right. Is there one Maybe you should call today? Yeah. I can envision a version where you have set the parameters of your own personal points of view on parenting. And what you want it to do is to remind you of the best version of yourself. Yes. In that situation. Exactly. 'cause there's many times where I'm overwhelmed and I don't hit my own parameter. You're entitled to your own parameters. Yes. But is there a device that could nudge you into the best version of your own parameters? So It's already there. Like William Gibson, one of my favorite sign section authors. Best quote, the future is already here, but unevenly distributed. So you can already talk to chat GBT. This is the kind of parent I'd like to be. And so remember that Now I'm gonna talk to you about, oh, I'm having this interaction With you.


Yeah. This little shit just came into Yeah, but also Just broke this thing. Oh, here we go Monica. Good. Good, good, good. Well just because mistakes are such a huge part of learning and growing as people. So if there's something that's popping up that's basically stopping you from making any mistakes in front of your children, there's something to be said about seeing rip and repair a parent, make a mistake, repair, learn from that, you know? But money, We would put that into our parameters. Oh my God. You could do that. You could Say, I value rip and repair. Right. So Maybe then might cause fights so that it can repair. By the way, it's impossible to eliminate all mistakes. I know. No, No. But it's impossible. What you wanna make is constructive mistakes. Say, look, I actually value having constructive mistakes.


One of the things people say, oh, I wanna avoid conflict with other people. Actually, me personally, I steer into the areas where I think there's constructive conflict. Right. 'cause we can learn from it. That's the thing is like any argument you or I can think of in the way you can pick that version of it, just your values Is do think everyone's self-aware enough People who do like percent. Exactly. Small percent people. People who do like constructive conflict, a lot of them don't know that. They would say, I don't like conflict. But then they do. I think you just have to be very self-aware of what you really want. The way you really wanna live your life in the way you really wanna Be. Right. That goes into the wonderful philosophical Homo Deus Yuval Harra. Are we servicing our experiential self or our narrative of like, you also have to be clear what percentage of yourself are you servicing?


Yeah. Yes. All that stuff is a good use of your time. Yeah. And thought, right? I agree. Yeah. Like to just stumble through life and think about everything after the fact is what we mostly do. Yeah. It almost forces you to have some intention. 'cause you're kind of declaring you have a goal or an objective. Yes. Tax filing and legal advice. This feels very democratizing because I think most people who are struggling, they don't have access to either of those things. Yes. I think what we will get to is co-pilot's assistance for everything. Oh, you have a problem your landlord can't afford a lawyer. Dunno which lawyer to hire. Which one's a good one? Which one's an indifferent one? Which one's a shyster? Well now you can say, Hey, I can consult. And even today you can put your rental contract into Chatt BT and say, what should I be concerned about?


And have a dialogue with the Chad, GBD about your rental contract. What's it gonna do in medicine? We've touched on this a little bit. We were at that conference. The thing that I found to be mind blowing is that to perform the amount of experiments required to get to a FDA phase one trial, the amount of man hours involved, the amount of, it's so hard. The amount expenditure, where these companies now using I that are just running a bazillion different experiments to see what happens. How does all that materialize? Massive transformation. I have a line of sight today about how you can create a medical assistant on the phone like it's only regulatory and liability that you don't create a medical assistant today that's available to everyone who has a smartphone 24 by seven.


That's one drug discovery is gonna get massively amplified. 'cause by the way, when you slow down the invention of a new drug that will actually work, there's millions of sufferings and deaths between that. We're gonna see a renaissance on all of that. Probably on both sides too. Like the FDA can use this technology to take on such huger quantity to evaluate. That seems to be one of the huge logger jams in this whole thing. Yes. Is they have a finite capacity to evaluate all this stuff. Yes. It is funny. I of course like Monica's email thing, I have a knee jerk reaction to kids writing term papers. Me too essays because I fucking killed myself. And it was one of the things I did well, something you got praised for and something I got praised for.


I mean, probably got me through. I had other columns that were very low and that was lifted by that ability. And then another part of me that's realistic goes, yeah, okay, so they're gonna write the term paper. It'll be good or bad. They'll have to evaluate. They'll turn it in, they'll get a grade. The same skillset will be applied when they go get the job where they're required to write the bill doesn't ever come due. 'cause it's not like anyone's taking that tool away from them. Why Should that bill come due? We don't teach handwriting script anymore. Being able to hand write at length, that doesn't Matter. Yeah. People were pissed when I no longer had to know how to spell. Now as a dyslexic, I was like, yeah, finally. I'm not handicapped by this thing. I have spell check 'cause 'cause I'm as smart as you. I just fucking can't do that thing. So I of course was a beneficiary of one of these technologies I no longer suffered from not being able to spell.


Yeah, I guess that's true. It's so dependent on the actual thing. I guess most people would say everyone should be able to spell somewhat. But I guess if you're a spelling bee champion, you'd be pissed about spell check perhaps. I have no problem with, Hey, we have these unai assisted spelling bee competitions. Yeah. And great. Well that's The thing that's even with spell check, it's not that now we can all go win the spelling bee. It's still a very specific group of people who can do that. And same with the essays. It's like now everyone can turn in an essay, but it doesn't mean everyone can write the best book. A kind of broader question would more be like, will some of these tests of merit just actually go by the wayside? So even like a college admission essay, if at some point everyone you read is a perfect great essay, the college admission process might go well, this is no longer really a relevant measure of anything.


I think They just all change. Why should the college admissions process stay the same? True. True. Not like it's that awesome system everyone should be fighting to Hold. It's like, well we lose this one. We really like it. It's like, what's the better one? Right. Let let's Do the better One. We got new technology knowledge. Right. What is the triumph of the private commons? It's kind of playing on the tragedy of the public commons. Kind of classic Adam Smith, everything else, you know, physical goods and people take from it and don't give to it because it benefits them. The triumph of the private commons is as we create these digital things, they're actually infinitely generative. Being a free rider doesn't take anything from anybody. Yes. For the first time ever. And we should take advantage of it. Right.


Right. Okay. Why is innovation? Safety, People usually think of innovation as only risk because there is risk. But actually as you innovate, you create the new safety. So you go, oh, I create cards risk. It's like, well actually, in fact I create bumpers and I create and I create seat belts and I create airbags and I create safety glasses. And you're willingly ignoring how many people died in horse related injuries. Yes, exactly. Which was probably infinitely higher than even these horrific new crashes we were witnessing. Yes. And If you even took it to an extra point, you say the important thing is getting there at some speed. What's my safety at getting there at speed. And as we innovate, we can up the speed that we can get there very safely.


Yeah. We just went to Mexico City over the break and I said, you know, we all want teleporting, but we fucking have it. If you told someone from the 17 hundreds that in the morning I could be in Los Angeles and in the evening I could be eating dinner in Mexico City. That's insane. I, But I still do Want safely Teleporting Still teleport use only now I'm well. But the problem with teleporting Star Trek girl. Yeah, Yeah. Is which of the two universes is it kills you and makes a clone and it's you going, because we tell two different narrative stories. Our current understanding of physics would be a clone would be the other side. Yes. Yeah. Not you. Yeah. Yeah. So can't we have AI work on this where we don't have to die and get Clones?


We could do two hours in teleporting. So I've said to her, even if the technology ever existed, there are infinite industries incentivized to kill that every industry would collapse with teleporting. People said that about ai. That might be the one though, that breaks everything. If you can live on a ranch in Montana, eat dinner at Emily Burger in Manhattan every night, who the fuck's gonna pay for the rent in New York? You just go there when you want and then you be in your ranch by Way. But it's part of the changing of economics that technology likes. That's what cars did is it made suburbs distributing the prices of real estate across more space. That's good for humanity. It's good for humanity, not good for real estate owners. That's what I'm saying. The incentives to crush that would be the most astronomical ever. Okay. Tell me about America's role and responsibility in an AI future.


I think one of the things that we've done really, really well over the decade since World War ii, and it isn't to say that America's leading the world is perfect. There's lots of legitimate criticisms, lots of shit we got wrong. One of the things I love about America is we self criticize and accept other criticism. But overall among the things we've done is created a lot of technology leadership and created a lot of new technologies like creating new vaccines and creating the way the internet worked. A bunch of this stuff has been just net massively positive. Allowing innovators, techn individuals, he or they or he to make new things in the future is a great part of America. And that's one of the things we do. And the responsibilities are try to be the better version of human we in building these technologies and building these new companies and building these new products like drive and drive responsibly.


There's obvious reasons. We're uniquely positioned for this. A, the technology's largely coming from 300 miles north of here. That seems helpful. We have more capital than anyone to be steering at. Does the democratizing nature of the technology actually threaten America's All Technological transformations have a threatening resource and technology naturally, this is part of the 1984 race, can generally be deployed by more autocratic regimes to control things. You know, China loves to use surveillance technology for all kinds of things. And we want to enable that individual freedom. And so that's not a reason not to do the new technology, but to figure out what values we want invited in the technology that we as individuals use, that we as society use, that we have the government use.


For example, one of the things that's very popular on the left is say, oh, we shouldn't have facial recognition technologies available to government. It's like, no, actually I think we should have facial technologies available. That's part of how we track down terrorists, how we might prevent that tragedy that happened in New Orleans. We just have good healthy governance of it. You say, I'm gonna issue a facial awareness surveillance alert. Well it should go through the judicial process. Right Man, the facial recognition make it so easy to get through the airport. I love it. Yes, exactly. It's So fast. I was gonna bring that up. I just got cleared for global entry on the way home and I'm like, hold up a second. I don't even have to go in my pocket to pull out my passport now.


You really are sometimes a technology late adopter. Oh, always. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got that so many years ago. Yeah. Well he got kind alive. You probably lived closer To the global entry office you had to drive to. I've taken two kids there. It's four hours of my day to get to LAX and do the whole thing. I was smart enough to do it at the airport when I landed this time. Yeah, You have to do it when you land. It's called planning. It might be a new concept too. AI can help you with it. Yeah, You're right. I'm a big contradiction. I'm gonna ask you my year, Val Harari pushback. We had him on to discuss his new book. What I love and appreciate about the way he thinks is, which is almost impossible to do in this day and age. He finds a thing to worry about that almost no one else is worrying about. He focuses on bureaucracies and the power of bureaucracies and how much bureaucracies have shaped our world more than the charismatic leaders in question.


Jesus didn't write the Bible. A crew of people edited many, many stories to create the Bible. That's really interesting. What really has lived on is the Bible not Jesus. And ultimately that was bureaucrats that did it. So that's a fascinating thing to think about. The point that he made that I find myself repeating a lot when this topic comes up at dinner parties is we are organic creatures. We work in cycles. The stock market's open, it's closed. There's a nuclear attack, the market's not open. That's convenient. Our world is built in these cycles and for a reason, his point is these aren't going to help us. They're gonna run all day long.


'cause that's what they do. And they will force us to join them as they run all day long. And the stock market be an example. If that thing ran 24 7 and you are in that industry, you could tell yourself you're only working. Well think about email, just that one. Advent has made work 24 hours essentially. Yeah. So philosophy major. What your philosophical answer to that really rudimentary point. Well, we live in great societies 'cause we have institutions. This is one of the problems that I have with all the critics. You know, government, bad universities, bad, et cetera, et cetera. This morning I was thinking a sector of this country hates the government. And what I think is like when I drink water outta my faucet and it doesn't poison me guys, that's also the government.


Yes, exactly. When there's an earthquake in the fucking building you're in, doesn't fall down on you. That's the government, The fire department, that's the Government you're focused on the five things they did that were fucked up in conspiratorial. But you're missing the fact that the stoplight works. Yeah. Everybody should be a renovate institutionalist, A renovate institution. What does that mean? So Not destroy institution, not Oh, allow the institution or whatever. How do we constantly be renovating the institution? The institution's good. The institution is, the cars are safe, the institution is, we have stoplights. The institution is You're not allowed to rob someone in the street. You can't put mercury in my Well yes, Exactly. Public universities. Yes. And by the way, it doesn't mean perfect. So what we should do is have discourse and expertise to how do we renovate the institutions and always be renovating.


And we might have red versus blue on which renovation we should have. Yeah. And we should have some discussion and argument about that, about what they should be. That's the thing to do. So for example, I am anti-government. You're like, oh my God, you're anti-American society. You may not realize that's what you're saying, but that's what you're saying. Stay tuned for more. I'm chair expert If you there


We are supported by prime video. You know that feeling when you go to log into a streaming service and you forgot your password or when you have to switch from app to app trying to find the movie you wanna watch. Stop wasting time toggling between the apps and start watching the content you want to watch right away With Prime video. On Prime video, you can add over a hundred subscriptions like Max Apple TV Plus and Paramount plus all in one app. That means more time watching and more time relaxing. I've got the perfect example. Arm Cherry favorite Matthew McConaughey is in so many of our favorite titles. You could have a Matthew McConaughey Marathon Day. Start with True Detective on Max, then check out the Lincoln lawyer on MGM Plus and top it off with romcom Classic. How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days on Paramount Plus. That's a good way to spend a day. You can watch all of those titles and more without ever leaving the Prime video app. I think I may take a little Nicholas Cage binge on Amazon Prime. Oh my goodness, that sounds nice. No, sign me up. Streamline your streaming today. Check out subscriptions on Prime Video.


We are supported by Liquid iv. New Year's resolutions are often about creating new rituals for yourself minus sprinting this year. Yeah, that's a good one. I'm starting to journal more. Journaling, sprinting, take your pick. No matter what your goals, you can enhance them with the support of Liquid iv. It's an easy ritual to start that is scientifically proven to replace necessary nutrients lost from everyday dehydration. Just tear, pour, and enjoy. Liquid IV has delicious true to fruit flavors to keep you hydrated. Like acai berry, lemon, lime, and pina colada. They even have sugar free flavors like raspberry lemonade and white peach. I love that pina colada. It is so delish. I love electrolytes. We all know this. Yeah. This is tried and true. That's your religion. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick plus 60 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. So embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Anytime Fitness. At Anytime Fitness, you get more than machines, you get a personalized plan in gym and in-app coaching support and a welcoming community. And when you're working toward a fitness goal, knowing you aren't alone is huge. Anytime Fitness welcomes everyone from gym newbies to fitness fanatics members encourage each other to be strong, inspiring you to reach your goals and have fun along the way. Plus the coaches at any Anytime Fitness are there to collaborate with you to build a comprehensive personalized plan to get you where you want to go. They'll offer you ongoing accountability and recognition, challenging you to keep improving along the way. As you know, the number one cornerstone to my own mental health is physical fitness. It's working out. That has done more for me than any other thing. If I can get an hour in of workout, I generally have a pretty good day with easy anytime access to more than 5,000 global locations. All the equipment you need to reach your goals and expert coaching to help optimize your personalized training, nutrition, and recovery plan. Today is a great day to check it out for yourself. Get started@anytimefitness.com.


To be a patriot and anti-government is in itself antithetical. Yes. You might just just say I'm an anti-fat. You don't realize that's what you're saying. Yeah, but that's what you're saying. I think If you had to sum up your overall arching opinion as like, guys, give yourself some fucking credit. Yeah. You've done it. You have the capacity to do it. You're not going to lose your critical thinking on it. Even if we don't do anything, the future will be magical. But let's be intelligent and try to make the transition more magical, sooner and less painful as we're going through it. And let's imagine what are the things that we could possibly do with this? And by the way, on the America point in these revolutions, so I call this the cognitive industrial revolution.


The societies and the industries that embrace it first have massive benefits. The power loom. Yes, let's do that. Let's not fuck it Up. That's again the third bucket I find myself in. We have no option but to try to lead this. Not Only no option, it'll be great. If you had to isolate a single promise that you're most excited about, what do you think is gonna be the very most impactful? Well, the first one that I think is the reason I started doing this, and I think it's begun getting some broad, is the medical assistant on every smartphone. You and I have doctors we can call 24 hours. The vast majority of human beings do not have that. Oh no. We were walking around Mexico City and the aforementioned friend who uses his chat GPT all the time.


Eric said, I'm really sincerely curious. How does the medical system work here? You're seeing all these different people and we're in Mexico City, and you imagine that every one of those people had a doctor as good as my doctor is pretty mind blowing. Yes. And so fucking positive. You, your kids, your family, your friends. Now please now, Yeah, When you talk about safety, that's safety in your pocket. Yeah. Innovation of safety. Now this has nothing to do with your book. I have one nosy curiosity, and then I have you, which I don't regularly get you. And I want your opinion on something completely unrelated. My nosy question is, have you made more money from investing or from exiting the companies you've founded?


Never Asked myself that question. You have to know the answer to that you can all say in your business. But no, I'm curious. You come up, Reid. You do. It was fun. We're listening to acquired and we're listening to the story of Meta, Probably from LinkedIn, but by the way, it's close. I Got so excited when your name came up. I was like, oh, I didn't know that. You are deeply Involved in PayPal, in LinkedIn, The way that I keep score is the impact I have on people's lives. Well, we're different. I would be looking at that bottom line. Okay, here I go. I look at it occasionally. It's not that I think it's wrong to do it and obviously you manage it. I Believe you though that you're just more interested in getting in on it and getting it going. And then this result ends up happening. You're not doing podcasting for me. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's not why you started this.


Right. Okay. That was my nosy question. Yeah, aforementioned. Eric Richardson. Shout out. Third time, he and I argue all the time about crypto. What do you think about crypto 2014 is, I think when I bought Bitcoin, How much was a Bitcoin? $200. I think It's currently at a hundred thousand or something. Or 60,000. Just under a hundred. Okay. Wow. So again, it's what the future could be. There's a bunch of stuff that's broken about crypto that needs to be fixed use for criminal organizations, use for terrorism. I think all the solutions for it nullifies all the benefits. Well, Today I think a reasonable person can argue that take a snapshot of where the puck is today versus where the puck could be. You'd go, okay, but actually I believe in where the puck could be.


So let me make a couple of the arguments. Yeah, please. But not just the obvious ones of like, oh look, you create a financial system that is programmable. You have a whole bunch of entrepreneurial innovation on it for payments and for assets. Here's one thing that Bitcoin does an excellent job of. Today. There's 200 governments in the world. You could argue zero of the governments are well run, but maybe 50 of those governments are well run. What happens to all those Venezuelan citizens and other people where the governments are totally fucking shitty run. Yeah. They worked their life. They amassed saving, and then these assholes completely devalued everything they've ever done. Devalued steel, et cetera, et cetera. This creates the world safety net. You live in a bad fucking government. Now there's something you can do. How does it differ from just buying US dollars?


Many Of these places you can't buy US dollars. Okay. US dollar is not available. That's a good answer. I don't know that. And by the way, some of those places you might not trust us dollars either. Yeah, exactly. I think you should. But you know, by the way, there's variability. Buy the pound. I don't know. Buy something that's stuck around for a long time. Yeah. Well, US dollars is the post World War ii, As long as they trade oil in it. Pretty safe. Yes. But it has that as a feature. When you get to a certain levels of wealth, upper middle class, even above eco, Hey, distributed portfolio holding is good. And so distributed portfolio holding could of course be some stocks and some bonds and a 401k and distributing that more is action, in fact a good thing. And crypto becomes one more mechanism for doing that. Those are things where it's good today.


Now, like I said, a rational argument. Say all this fucking cyber crime, all these rogue states, that's terrible. And we should do something about that. What's the way we should mod cryptocurrency in regulations and other kinds of things to say all of these good things we should enable and future good things we should enable and these bad things we should disable. So I'm positive on cryptocurrency, but just like on ai, I'm not positive on anything that could be made with crypto and any use that could be made with crypto. That's just good. And you should just love it. I just watched Doc about the greatest heist of all time. Right? These two stole $72 million of Bitcoin in 2017.


At the time it was $72 million. Its current value is $4.5 billion. Oh my God. Right? Oh. So what was funny is in learning about how they caught the people was this thing I never thought of. The appeal for so many people of crypto was, yeah, the government has nothing to do with it. It's anonymous, you can't check it. Well, the ledger of it all is accessible and known at all times. Yeah. Every single Bitcoin is to everybody. It's public to everybody. Yeah. And so you can hold it anonymously, which they did. But you can't convert it into any good service or property or anything. You have to at some point convert it into US dollar. Now, once you do that, you're fucked. You have to present some identification.


And so again, one of the big selling points, when you look at it in practice, well that's not true. It's anonymous. So long as you never get a good or service with it. So that whole appeal to me is useless. The fact that you could get it stolen, there's no one to call. That sucks. So now we're getting involved via the SEC. So really all that's happening in my opinion, is you're just more and more funneling it into a currency. So everything that was supposed to be, it doesn't function unless we get it to be an actual currency that our government is gonna somehow investigate when it's stolen and somehow regulate. Yes. Am I wrong about that? Well, I'm generally positive. Don't come after me Crypto bros. They're, they're steal our money.


They're as bad as Taylor Swift fans. I'm so scared of them. Please don't come after me. One aphorism that I sometimes use just to proxy is you wanna regulate where bad regulation is better than no regulation. And they say, well how could that possibly true? Well, well actually financial system's one of them. Because a functioning financial system and a not breaking is more important than getting the future innovation. Right? Yeah. A collapse is a massive disaster. So financial regulation good. Yes. Now that doesn't mean all financial regulation doesn't mean don't be smart versus stupid. You know, try to be smart versus stupid, et cetera. So do I think there should be regulation around cryptocurrency? Absolutely. Yes. Is it a currency?


Exactly. Unclear. There's lots of tradable assets. Are diamonds a currency? Is gold a currency? You know, is your car collection a Currency? God, I hope so, Reid at this point. That's right. But you know, there's lots of different asset value. Valuable. Yeah. And so forth. And people say, well, the currency is 'cause it has no intrinsic value other than its value as a currency. And we have various things which have that kind of no intrinsic value system. Well that's where I'll call myself a hypocrite. I look at the crypto and I go, of all the stories that have been told, this one is the furthest out there. Yeah. Well it's newest. It's the newest. But it is not linked to a government, an institution to any kind of GDP.


There's no way to assess its value other than you all agreed on it. Well, I'll admit, the US dollar to me is a story I believe in. Yeah. It's a bunch of paper. So I can admit I'm hypocritical. I go, I believe in one version of the story. This story feels a little out there for me. I can't latch onto this story. Things have value based on how many people in which circumstances believe in a story. Yes, exactly. Yeah. So you know, storyteller. Okay, so You're pro crypto Though. I'm Procr. But again, just like Superagency, let's be smart about it. Not whatever you can do. I'm irked with the people who are trying to co-opt a phrase that I think I started with the technical optimism, which like, look, it's not whatever you can do, it's be smart about it.


Right, Right, right, right. Oh will re, this was a blast. Wait, do We wanna get out your phone? Yeah, yeah. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Let Do you want, do you wanna do it on the show? Of course. Let's it, why not? Lemme go get it. Is that an Android? That Is an Android. Wow. You are mixed messages. I'm poly message. All Message poly messaged. Well, if it works on an Android, it'll really work. Yes, Exactly. I'm teasing. So what Do you want to discuss today? What I would love to discuss today is tell me how AI is gonna reinvent the car industry and cars for now. We have software, we now have autonomous vehicles. But don't just do autonomous vehicles do like how it reinvent the actual physical car itself. AI is set to revolutionize the car industry in some fascinating ways.


Beyond autonomous driving, AI can help design more efficient and safer car structures by simulating countless scenarios to find the best materials and shapes. We'll also see AI enhancing manufacturing efficiency, predictive maintenance, and even personalizing in-car experiences, making vehicles more adaptable to individual preferences. The integration of AI could fundamentally transform how cars are built, maintained, and experienced. And if I collected old cars and rebuilt them, what's some of the ways that I could use AI to help me? AI can be a game changer for rebuilding old cars. You could use AI to optimize your restoration plans by suggesting the best parts or techniques based on historical data.


AI powered design software can help visualize modifications or improvements. Additionally, AI can assist in sourcing rare parts by scanning databases or even suggesting 3D printing options. It can also enhance diagnostics, making it easier to identify and fix issues in old vehicles. You wanna ask, does it Only know your voice? No, no. Everyone's, oh, okay. Let me think of question. It's a Sure. Take your time. Thank you. Are you aware of the podcast Armchair expert? Yes. I'm familiar with Armchair Expert. It's a popular podcast hosted by Dax Shepherd. Do you enjoy listening to it? I do. Quite a bit. Embarrassingly. So let me ask you, if I wanted to recommend an episode to somebody, what are the best five options?


They only have three good episodes. What if I broke? Please continue. Armchair Expert has a few that often come up as favorites are the ones with experts like Brene Brown who talks about vulnerability and the one with Bill Gates, which dives into some fascinating topics. The episode with Esther Perel about relationships is also highly recommended. And for something lighter, the episodes with Kristen Bell are a lot of fun. Sure. So if she was on my phone, do you think she'd recommend different episodes? Possibly. Because chat chi BD remembers your chat history. Yeah. So all my chat history is in this. So Like she knows you and Bill is a great recommendation.


Well, you saw our friend fifth time now, Eric. He said, based on my searches, please draw a picture of me or create a picture of me. And it was this huge muscle bone guy at a desk trading stocks because he is been searching peptides on the internet nonstop. And he's a stock trader. Yeah, it's pretty funny. So it does have that, but it is the same program. But there's different history of interaction. Now here it might not have been able to have enough data on that to fully match. What it will tend to do is go what could possibly be something interesting? Let me throw out a few. Right, right. So If you notice we're like, well, some human relationship stuff, some technology stuff, yeah. Oh, and then some interpersonal stuff.


Well, I got one to try. If my favorite movies are Once Upon a Time in Hollywood Thief raising Arizona, flirting with Disaster, what's another movie I might love? Based on your favorites, you might love Fargo. It's a quirky blend of dark humor and crime. Much like raising Arizona and flirting with disaster. Plus, it has that rich storytelling and style you enjoy. Give it a try. If Fargo were made today, what would be a modern Fargo? A modern Fargo might involve a quirky crime in a contemporary small town, perhaps involving internet scams or cryptocurrency gone wrong.


It could feature a cast of eccentric characters navigating both the digital world and their tight-knit community with a similar mix of dark humor and suspense. Maybe something like a tech startup's shady dealings leading to unexpected and chaotic consequences in a snowy, isolated setting. Oh, this leads me to a question I forgot to ask. How does ownership of content, it creates work? So I can think of it more in images. Like if I create an image through it, could I copyright that image once it's been created? Can I own it? It's new ground current legal process says, nope, there's no ownership of it. 'cause ownership something only created by humans. But of course that has a massive thing of you get an image.


And then I go, okay, now I touch this one pixel. Aha. Yay. I'm gonna give you a very specific example. I've written all these scripts. They went unproduced and I think it's called Google VE O2 maybe. And it created a musician, had a song, wanted a video, and it was this crazy cool sequence of a car chase through a post apocalyptic thing. Yep, I saw that too. It was very cool. I mean, it's not, they're there for me, but it was very, very cool. But It's on path. It's on fucking path. But I was thinking, could I load in one of my unproduced screenplays and make it, and let's say I accomplished that goal. Now I have this movie that came from my screenplay. What could I then do with that?


And I guess my thought was, I guess I would put it on YouTube and monetize how many clicks it got. Could I sell it to a studio if it was completed and worth distribution? Like what would happen if I did end up creating a movie on one of these things with a script I had written? What could I do with that movie? You could do anything that you could do with a video today. And you probably know this tons better than I do, ranges from a YouTube channel to an event with a private screening. Hmm. That's kind of a fun idea. Does Google Own any of that or No? I don't know what the Google ownership, you're using the tool, but the terms of service on the license are, they probably don't get in the way of you asserting your own ownership. And it would be bad for them to assert ownership of it.


Yeah. Like Instagram doesn't then own the image you've uploaded. Yes. They don't try to do that. Yeah. What they try to do is have enough ownership that they can go, well look all the rights that we needed to do to do the service that we do to publish it, basic to publish and all this. We have that, but we're not stopping anything else You're doing Interesting. You picked a perfect time. 'cause I finally saw something that really lit a bulb in my head where I was like, God, if I could see these things I've written come to fruition that I needed a studio to give me the money for, that's a very exciting future for me. One thing, do it today, tomorrow, whatever. Take one our scripts, upload it and say, critique the script from the following perspective. What are the three areas that I would most improve in this script and why?


Right. Just start playing with it. Part of what the AI does in terms of creativity is the speed of the interaction. 'cause it allows you to like think more like that versus the I'm staring at it, I'm staring at it. It would really work with my kind of a DHD leaning thought speed. Exactly. Yeah. And being creative about it. Like try it. Yeah. Lemme see. Cool. Oh, I don't like that. Okay. Reid, this has been so much fun. So fun. Yeah. Pleasure. Reid. I adore you. It's always so fun to bump into you anywhere on the planet. And I hope you'll come back with your next great thought and Delight and with, you know, with AI on. Perfect. Please everyone check out Superagency What Could Possibly Go Right With our AI Future.


All right, thanks Reid. Awesome. He isn't our care expert buddy. Makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. Two peas in an hour. Monica, I'm actually concerned. Oh, a little scary. That's A lot of pea. Monica Peas Once a week. I only pee once a day. Yeah, Once a day. I know. I mean, in two in an hour you're like, what one would think that's Scary. But Initially that part's scary usually. But then you get used to that. That's right. Yeah. And then it's scary if she goes twice in an hour. Yeah. Well I did think for a minute that I was getting a UTI. Ah. But I'm not. Okay, okay. It's my mom's fault because she She gave you dirty underwear?


Yeah, she does my laundry. No, she takes cranberry pills. She's been taking them for a long, long, long time. And she like swears by the cranberry pills. And so I started taking them for a while and then I stopped. And so when I was home for Christmas, she was taking hers and she said, are you still taking your cranberry pills? And I said, no, I'm not taking them anymore. And she's like, why you should I don't fuck with us anymore. Yeah. She's like, why you should take them that whatever. And I was like, I'm not taking them. And then on New Year's Day I called and we were talking about a resolutions and she's like, what are your resolutions? Cranberry pills? And I, she was, I was so annoyed.


Wow. I was like, was like, no, I'm not doing it. Like three or four days later I was like, I think I'm getting it. Great. Yeah. And I had to go pick up some good old cranberry pills. She'd be so happy. Right. I told her How could she not? I just told her I'm back taking the cranberry pills. I didn't tell her that. You didn't admit? No, I didn't. It was under duress. I did not. Well, I'll just say in a forthcoming episode soon. Next week. Yeah. Well we have a guest on who's talking about throwing a birthday party. And I went on and on about how I don't want a birthday party. Half the episode is about how I don't want a birthday party. And we walked out of the garage from that interview and I was like, that's weird.


Kristen's got a man over in the swimming pool. A big man. Yeah, I did. Manly man. I did not notice it was Aaron at first. I was just like, oh, she's got a man over. I saw a little bit of, there was a woman in the mix and I'm like, oh, these are her singing friends. Friends over. Yeah. Yeah. So then I come around the, the hedges and I see my son's here. Sharon Beasley. Yeah. And I go, he's In the hot tub. My very first thought, not to get too dark for the cherries, but this is our past. I'm like, the only time Aaron has ever shown up in California without letting me know he was coming was the day I opened my apartment door in Santa Monica. Aaron was standing there and it looked like he had been drug behind a car for a week.


And he had been smoking crack for five days. Oh, You Can't. A tiny moment of I think I'm gonna die or go get on an airplane and fly to my dad. He got on an airplane. Oh, so You thought you thought something bad was happening? Oh no. I was already sober for a year maybe at that point. Yeah. I just got a bit of A-P-T-S-D. Like why would Aaron just be here without telling me he's coming? But did It make you feel better that he was in the hot tub and laughing. I said, surprise. And he goes, are you coming off of crack again? And I said, I'm here and I'm healthy. Oh good. I, I didn't really think about it. And Ruthie was there too, So, but you never Know.


She might've been like, we gotta get Aaron to back. I Mean intervention. Oh God. It wasn't that really deep as I'm saying. I just had this really weird moment where this has only happened one other time. So Kristen at that point had to acknowledge you're having a surprise party. I've planned a party and I brought Erin and Ruthie here for the party. And then, then I was really excited. Good. Because I didn't have to ask anyone to come. I didn't have to get scared about that. There wasn't a bunch of time for me to worry about who's not gonna show up. Yep. Because it was just gonna be the next day, which was last night. Yes. It was perfect timing. She planned, she knew she was gonna tell you, which I thought was a good plan, that there wasn't gonna be a real jump out moment.


And Also Rob and I did great acting because during that interview we all knew. You already knew. Of course we knew. Did you feel so bad for me? Like what a dumb dumb he does. He's digging himself deeper and deeper. No, I was just like, oh, this is gonna be a funny moment. Yeah. But then I also was like, if he is then mad that this is happening or anxious, we had an interview scheduled the day of your party, which was yesterday. Yeah. And it was scheduled for two o'clock. The party started at five o'clock. Yeah. And I was like, oh no. Okay. I think we should probably move up the recording. When is she gonna tell him? Because he needs to have enough time to do his research. He's gonna be mad if he doesn't have enough time to do his research.


And If you already, he doesn't want the party. People are just looking At in such fear, oh Man, how I'm gonna react to everything So fearful. I'm learning terrible stuff about myself right now. He's just the party happy. He's gonna be even more mad about it. He's people, he's gonna hit the children. But you were very happy. A my son's there, so I am happy right away. Aaron's here. This is unexpected. I had just seen him a couple days before in Detroit. I Mean, which was a surprise. Or it was Last minute. Last Minute. And so exciting. Yeah. I was like, oh, I get to see dad twice before my trip and get to pretend that it's our last night together. Good acting too. Yeah. My God. But Aaron's only been here for 10 minutes, but boy, we've already had a very eventful trip. Yep. So yesterday before the interview and the fact check that was moved up, I said, do you wanna go for a ride in the new station wagon again?


To which Aaron was like, absolutely. So we went for a little rip around town. It was so fun. And then I was like, let's quickly, I think we can, before the fact checker, we get some eggs. So we stop at Cafe 1 0 1, we parallel park the wagon on the street. We go inside, we sit down, we're there for, I don't know, a minute and a half. Yeah. And a stranger walks in, he looks at me and goes, white car. And I go, yeah. And he goes, it's on fire. Horrible. And I just PTSD. Oh My god. Too Many fires in the city. I sprint out of the restaurant. I'm, I'm fully expecting it to be engulfed in flames. So we sprint outside, get to the wagon, turn up. There is smoke coming out of the hood.


Pull the hood pins, open it up. A wiring harness is on fire. There's flames. I don't know how this worked. Did you see this happen? The spit? Yes. Yeah. I Just went, I spit as hard as I could At the light at the fire. And it went out. It Went out. I might have a superpower I didn't know about. I Was just grabbing a fire extinguisher and I couldn't figure out how to pull the plastic pin off. And by the, by the time I got the pin, I was watching him and he went and the fire was gone. It's just smoldering. I, I don't know how that worked. I do worry about that with fires, about using the fire extinguisher.


'cause it's not something you can practice. Well You should I guess. I guess I realize that. Yeah. Oh, I should know how to do this. Yeah, I know. I have one by my bed and I look at it a lot and I think, I don't really know how Yeah. You should get the safety off and everything to go. Yeah, exactly. It seems really simple. And then also when you think about it, it seems really hard. There's a video of Taylor Swift trying to use one in the, oh there is kitchen. And she's also like, what the fuck? Like, she didn't do a good job. She did end up doing a good job as she always does. Good job. Yeah. Was something on fire in front of hers. Yeah. In her kitchen. Oh Yeah. And someone was running video. Yeah. And then I'm piecing together because there's now a woman behind the car who I guess was either parking or got in her car.


And then what became obvious is she must have got the hotel guy. But I do wonder, had we not just had the fires, if like she would've been so incredibly, she might have saw smoke coming outta her camera. Like, eh, it's not my problem. Exactly. But yeah, everyone's on such high alert that I think she immediately went. I think that's right. She's like this whole area's about to Yes. And like ign Night, I was then thinking like, oh my God, what if I had set another round of fires? I know in And You finally got Los Fila. People would've been Like that entitled bastard. I know. Why is he gotta have these cars that catch on fire? These old New Cars That keep catching on back.


Yeah. He can afford a new one, but he bought an old one. He should be driving electric. That wouldn't caught on fire. He went near the end of it. Yeah. But you can drown in them. I should say that. Well, When they catch on fire, you can't go breathe anywhere near them as we're now finding out. That's the crazy part. But also, you know, that horrible story and I don't know all the details, so I don't, and it's very sad. But Mitch McConnell's sister-in-law Oh, drove into a pond. Yes. And, and a Tesla and like couldn't get out and died. Oh. And I think it might have to do with that Tesla. It probably shuts down in Water. Right. The door opens electrically Electric.


Yeah. Yeah. Mechanically. Or I think I don't want to be sued. I think There's a release On there as well. If you had read the manual and practiced like a fire. No one's doing that. It's the in the heat of the moment. It's Right there. It's what? It's right there in the door though. Oh, okay. Well apparently people like came and tried and they, they were there and they couldn't. Yeah. I'm vaguely aware of that. Yeah. I probably talked about it before. I think you Did. Yeah. It was when you were wanting everyone to have a window. Yeah. Now I have Smashes. Oh, nice. Aaron, I have an update for you. Oh, please. I think one of the last times you were here, we were talking about my running. Yeah. I remember this.


Yes. And I want you to know, since then a sign has been put on the yard, not by me, that says no, it says no dogs allowed slash no trespassing. I forget exactly what. No congregating. It Says no, it says something explicit. Really like, no more of this. So it was solved for me. I thought you were gonna bring up his chest hair. That's where I thought this was going. Oh, no. The last time I, you talked about having shaved his chest hair. Right. And how sexy he felt. Okay. So what's the update on that? Oh, Well I just had my back shaved again. Are you making Cashmere? Cashmere? I should because it's, oh my God's an enormous amount of fur that comes off.


Aaron, Really quick. Aaron, I've, I've never let you feel this. I know, but I've Seen it. You'll be a Very select group. Go ahead and touch that soft. Be really careful. I've give an honest what you think about that. Oh. Oh my God. Is that the softest thing you've ever felt? Can I sleep with it tonight? Dude, you a blanket made of that? No. Oh, so You can make some I know. You gotta be careful fresh. That is, it is cashmere, isn't it? It sure is. There's no denying. Wow. And you know, now Delta's leg hairs are in here too. Oh, nice. Oh yeah. So we're getting it from harvesting from my back and her legs.


Family. Maybe it can be a joint Aaron's hair. 'cause then we can really get some movement on it At the risk of hurting Aaron's feelings. Aaron has had dense body hair his whole life. He's a man. He's always been a man. I, I'm not, I've always not been a man. I've always felt like a little boy preteen or a woman next to him. And he's always had a gorgeous Burt Reynolds chest hair since we were 17. Okay, so you think it's corer? I think it's corer. Would you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I, yeah. All I'm saying is the amount. Okay. Well you don't, don't have to have cashmere. We can do mohair for you. So Ruthie just shaved me again with the dog.


You know, it's got a vacuum. I, I may have said this before, but I, I don't, I don't know. It has a hose and you watch it accumulate in a chamber. Oh wow. And this is so fun because that's why I realized, I'm like, oh my God, I have so much hair like this much. Wow. Whoa. A roof is Super grossed out by it. Well, she can't touch the cash hair Then. Oh yeah. I know. We're both getting hair now everywhere. It's maddening. But have you noticed where you talked about our, our armpit hair? Have you noticed your armpit hair is like, will be two feet long sometimes If we haven't talked about it.


Yeah, I've been chopping mine With scissors. Yeah. Same. I now give myself like a haircut. Yes. In my Armpit. Me too. And then I have this very weird, I want, do you have this where it's like, I have it in my mind. It's supposed to be some length or else why would it be that long? Sure. Because what I, I'm tempted to just like cut it thing as close as the skin as possible. So I have to do it less. But then I think aren't you supposed, shouldn't it be some length? I wonder that too. Can you just keep, like grow it out just so we can see how long it Gets? Yeah, you're right. We, there should be video evidence of some of this. You know why I had to finally confront it other than like, maybe my kids pointed it out and I was embarrassed. But also you can't even get your deodorant to the skin anymore.


Sure. Because it just clumps up in your hair and then you have dingle berries in your, your armpit and you're like, what the fuck is going on? Why am I a mess like this Dreadlocks? Well, 50, you know, not Aaron. Yeah, Not yet. Mm. Not even close. Six months. Let's Talk about your party. Okay, great. How about you guys Talk about my party. Oh, it was a yacht rock theme. It was a yacht rock theme. It was at my favorite roller skate rink Moonlight roller way. Yep. To name Drop Kimmel made the playlist as he's made me many playlists in the past that I love. Yeah. And, and Kristen enlisted him to do that. Tons of blasts from the past. A lot of my Groundlings friends, just an incredible perfect group of people.


My dad came all the way out from across town. Tom Hanson, Adam Perry Lang made barbecue. Adam Perry Perry cooked. It was incredible. Yeah. Did you get on both the meats? I just had the pork. You just the pork ribs? Yeah. Are you so insane? How good Were those? They were so good. And the cornbread was so good. Oh, it was damp as a motherfucker. It was like a, it was like a a, what do you call it? Cake. A spun pound cake. Pound cake. Yeah. It was delicious. I was really excited about the Adam Perry Lane of it all because most of my friends that were there didn't know about him. And I don't know what their expectations were at a roller skating rink, how good the barbecue is gonna be.


But he is a one of the best barbecue. He does these popups around LA and there's fucking lines around the block. Yeah. And he's just there cutting ribs at A roller skating rink. Yeah. It was really sweet of him to do that. He's a very nice man. He is incredibly nice. I've also enlisted him to teach Kristen how to make crepes. Oh Right. For Christmas, one year, her birthday, I forget. And like got her all the machinery and stuff and now she knows how to make crepes. She's stuck with that. She goes through little phases. You don't, don't, there's no crepes for months and months and months. And then there's crepes 10 days in a row. She could cook some compulsively. I guess we gotta talk Hope CS tomorrow. Well, exactly. So, No, you should bring that up. She would love to. I thought I had a craving for crepes, crepe craving like three days ago and it was 9:00 PM so I didn't think it was possible for me to get it, but I wanted it so bad.


And then the next day I told her I was craving them. She said, I'll make them for you. And then guess what the word was on wordle today. Crepes, Plural or singular? Singular. It's singular. Isn't That weird? That's suspicious. So normally this is, Delta's birthday party is here every December and we always get the rink for two hours. And it's always my commitment to skate as long as possible 'cause it's such a unique opportunity. But the window of this party was 5:00 PM to 10:00 PM And I was like, I don't, Oh, I gotta back up. One other thing that happened, because I didn't know I was having a party is that day before I rode the furthest I've ever ridden on my new road bike.


Oh, I, I told you I passed your house a couple different times. Armchair sent me, I was even paparazzi. I didn't know it. Oh yeah. I went everywhere. I was down on the LA River down past, spoke then out in Glendale, then back into Silver Lake. Wow. So the, that whole day when I came out and, and he saw him in the pool, I was like, I went too hard. I can barely walk. Oh. Then she said five to 10 we're skating. I was like, go five Hours. We're skating And we're gonna skate. We're gonna skate hard. And oh, one thing I gotta add is people really went for it with the yacht rock theme. Aaron had an incredible outfit. He really did. Turnkey. Bought off of Amazon.


Yeah, It was perfect. Yeah. Captain's Outfit. It was, it was white and white. All White on white hat. Pipe. Pipe. The Pipe Really pushed, pushed it Over the was great. I don't even know why it makes sense, but it's, it Doesn't does it? I don't know. You don't? I can't, like I rack my brain of where I've this some famous image of a captain with a pipe. It's like I love boat or whatever. But again, I don't even think on love boat that was happening. But that one where they're all shipwrecked. Gilligan's Island. Yeah. Gilligan night And skier and smoke A pipe. Did like Gorton's fishermen have a pipe or Oh yeah. But again that's a yellow rain flicker. This is like Mandela effect. We all just think, we know these captains have pipes, but none of them do.


I Don't think any of 'em do. And how long have it been since you skated Aaron? Probably seven years. Seven years. Wow. I was a lot heavier. And I And you were At three 20 at that point? Yeah. And I remember really? 'cause I was like, I'm gonna do this and, and I was real wobbly. And then after a few laps I was expecting everyone to be watching me 'cause I thought I was that good. So fucking stupid. Oh. I'm like, oh really? I'm just a fat guy. Roller skating and I'm old. But You're waiting for them to notice how Fucking cool you look.


Wait like Yeah. Shoot. I didn't know your old man Ripped. Yeah. Everyone's gonna high five. My fucking kids Hoist you up on their shoulders. They Probably got beat up the next day. Well, despite that you did quite well. And Monica, let me thank you in public. You have sat out the last two skatings. I Have. But then it was your birthday and so I thought I gotta do it for your birthday. It Was so sweet of you. And Did it. You did. I did it. I did. Like you did quite a bit of st I did like 12 laps or something. Maybe more. I Think more because I would say, yeah, I wanna Say you were out, you had three different sessions, didn't you? I had multiple sessions.


I even after eating, I put them back on. And I Learned today, earlier today that you actually had gone out by yourself to do a little trial run like the garage in in Tennessee. I Did when I learned to ride my bike. Yes. Yeah. I got a little nervous not having been on them for a couple years and I was first to arrive at the party and so I just went out on my own and did a little practice. Yeah. Found my sea legs. I'm not good on, on them. Like I, and I don't, Ryan tried to help me. He was like, you know, you go more side, side, side to side, side to side. I go more front to back I guess. Yeah. It's sort of my proprietary move.


So I'm just not very good at it. But it's fine. Hard. It's hard for me to not be good at it, but yes. You, you kill it. I ate shit though. Let me say that. What? So, and by the way, on the way there, I said to Aaron, okay, If you haven't gone in a long time, a prediction for you is you think you're gonna be bad. And then you're gonna get out there and go, oh my God, I'm actually quite good. And then you're gonna get overconfident 15 minutes and, and then that's when the big BRE comes. And I had been skating for a good hour and a half, two hours at this point. I was very loose. I was feeling very confident and I decided, you know what, as I skate by joy 'cause she was high fiving people on the sidelines. I'm like, you know, it's gonna be radical so I'm gonna blow by shooting the duck. Oh. Which for people that you were trying to do. Oh, did you Think I just fell out of nowhere?


No. I knew you were doing something with joy, but I didn't know that was possible. So when people don't know shooting the deck, you like, you get on one skate and you bend down. I can't even bend down on one leg if I wasn't wearing skates. Especially with the biking from the day before. And the two hours skinny and I got halfway into this commitment and realized I'm going down and I went down pretty hard on my hip. Yeah. It Scared. It scared me. Luckily you were on the rink at that moment. I was. And you were right behind me. So you saw the whole thing. I did. Made a loud enough noise that I think most everyone looked. I Missed it. I don't think so. It, I was on, I was skating, but I missed it. Yeah. I kind, I don't think so. I'm not sure if I want, I wish you had or I kind of, well I wish I had, but yeah, Of course You've skated up to me and you go the fucking duck bit back and the duck shot me.


Yeah. Like what? And I didn't even know what That answer. You got up really fast and you Oh, you got it. And you didn't look, you didn't look hurt. That's the goal. Yeah. But I knew you were and then You didn't, you hadn't seen, I knew you were, you hadn't seen Fall guy. Right. And so have you seen Fall Guy? I did. Yeah. Oh, what a movie. Right? All good. Every time this stunts over, they give the thumbs up like, I'm good. They're not good. Their back's broken. They're like, right. So then I was like, I gave the thumbs up and for the people who had seen it, but you hadn't seen it. And then I felt compelled to try to explain to you my jokes. I was in, you came back around. Yes. I was in a good deal of pain and I had given you the thumbs up and then I needed you to know that was enough. I was making joke. I said, are you okay? And then he gave the thumbs up and I was like, oh.


And then he had to come back and tell me what in fact wasn't okay. It was not okay. But I kept going. I was like, is it fra? Is my hip fractured? Maybe it's fractured. Let's just keep going. There's nothing they can do for that. So you can put a caster on your hip. This Is why it's really roller skating so tricky because you have to commit if you're gonna have fun and if you're gonna be good, but then you will fall. So you're choosing Like, especially If you try to show off like me. Well Once you're feeling it, like everyone's gonna try. And that's what I don't do. I just do half because I don't wanna fall. Yeah. And I don't fall. So that's great. Yeah.


But then it's half, there Were very few falls last night. Right. In fact kind of a shocking few falls. Yeah. Because at Delta's party, the first few years people were going out really bad blood wrist injuries. Yeah. It was like 20% of the dads were fucked up the next week. Anna fell last time. Yeah. She went down pretty hard. I saw that kinda great. Everyone also, you see it and then you just like, you kinda look away Away. Yeah. You let people recover on their own. Well no. So that's a great, as you know, I like getting embarrassed. And when I fell down at the movies, you know I was laughing hysterically, but the pain was so sharp. Like I wanted to laugh 'cause it's just embarrassing.


I tried to shoot the Duck Joy watched the whole thing. Her friend's watching. She doesn't know me. So there's a new person I've at least Joy is my like sister. Yeah. I've known her for 12 years. It was painful enough that I, I couldn't actually get to the laughing part. I just got to Shake it. You were smiling pretty big though. Well I was performing. I came on a retirement for acne and put on a real good thing and then gave a thumbs up and only two people got it. 'cause I thought everyone saw fall guide and they had it. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert. If you dare.


We are supported by Welch's zero sugar. If you're trying to be healthier in the new year, Welch's zero sugar is a great option. Not only does Welch's zero sugar have zero grams of sugar per serving, it's also bursting with real fruit flavor and zero compromise on flavor or taste. It's also an excellent source of vitamin C, which is known to benefit your immune system. Skin, bones, and heart health. New Welch's zero sugar comes in a variety of delicious flavors bursting with bold, fruity goodness without the sugar. These are delicious. Try Welch's zero sugar today available in stores now and now through March. Go to welch's zero promo.com for the chance to win up to $250 off your next grocery bill or score other special savings. Must be legal resident of us or DC age 18 plus sweepstakes. And March 31st limit one entry per day. See official rules at welch's zero promo.com for pricing odds and details.


And then Kristen, somehow I'm not, I haven't even asked her the logistics, but our, our favorite treat in the world for Michigan is Saunders bumpy cake for people who've never had Saunders bumpy cake. It is a chocolate damp devil's food cake base. And then these huge ribbons of twine filling all covered in a fudge icing. You did, did you try It? Yeah, I did. I hadn't had it before. I loved it. Did you like it? Yeah, I loved it. You are not, that's not your thing. Oh fuck yeah. It's, oh, okay. Now it's, yeah. Okay. It was really good when We were kids. You didn't love chocolate, right? Yeah.


Right, right. I do know I had some for breakfast this morning. Oh you did? And I fucking went nuts. I had my immune suppressant before the party. 'cause I knew we were gonna have bumpy cake and I ate way too much way too. So, so I coupled the, the hip pain with like, I made myself sick. But then I was like, you must get out and push through all of this. Did another couple hours of skating. It was fan, it was a great, great party. It was a lovely party. And as I told you, what was really kind of novel about this party, 'cause I've had them in the past. I'm always, I get feeling really guilty. Like Tom Hanson, he drove 50 miles across town through rush hour traffic to get to the party. And he's older. And then I'm out skating the whole time.


And the whole time I'm like, I, I gotta go sit and talk to Tommy. Drove all the way here and virtually everyone that's showing up, I feel like I should be talking to them for a half hour. And then I had this light bulb moment where I was like, everyone here is a blast to talk to. When I look around, everyone's quite happy talking to whoever I'm not needed here. I can stop feeling guilty about that. Yeah. Did you have the moment where you were like, oh, all these people I've collected? Yeah, I tried to have that moment. I did. Yeah. I was in the bathroom and I actually even did my mantra for like two minutes. I was like, I really, I really want to Yeah. Have that moment and see that. And then Tom Hansen, who knows me so well, he hugged me and he said, are you able to let any of this love in?


And I said, I'm trying real hard. But also, I'm pretty sure everyone's here just 'cause Kristen invited them. Like, if I'm being honest, I so silly. That's so unfair and that's So unfair to all of us. To you. Yeah. I mean To anyone who went, I don't know, still my residual low self-esteem or something. I don't Know. It was the funniest party I've ever been through And there's no fucking booze there that's saying something. Yeah. I mean I'm still riding on it today. I gotta push back a little bit. Or I guess you're not counting your birthday parties. 'cause Aaron's birthday is July 2nd, which becomes a 4th of July.


Aaron's birthday. Spectacular. It was often at his dad's farm. And it would be like a three day party with 50 people camping. Those were, Those were fun. Yeah. Fucking Awesome. Those were damn good folks. Were good. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But I'm happy you had a Great time. But I fucking had fun and I had so much fun. It was really Fun. So much fun. And I don't want you to get the wrong impression. I, I, I I did. I felt very loved. Good. Yeah. I mean when you were blowing out your candle, I looked around and I was like, oh this is so lovely. And I, Well what I thought of many times is like, this is, you'd be hard pressed to find a better group of 40 human beings. So It was a really good group.


I felt lucky that I was, I had been collected Oh Over, Over the 50 years. I was happy to be there. Did you have a favorite conversation with anyone? I had so many. I had one. I can't repeat. Oh, okay. But that was the most me. It was with Eric. Yeah. It was funny. Oh, okay. It was So funny. He's so open though. I can't because Oh it's not about him. Okay. I can't wait to hear that. Jesus, he, he never fails. Yeah. Like I think I know every, I think there's not one thing he can say that will get me. And man, he got you man. Does he? I gotta talk to Joy. I date with her and that was so nice. I hadn't talked to her in A long, that's what I was excited about that her, I was more looking around seeing people.


I love talking to each other and watching you guys chat. I was like, oh yeah, my sisters are chatting like Yeah. And she was wearing all day glow yellow, like Full. Oh yeah. Like looked amazing. Yeah. Neon Fishnets. So awesome. We came up with my superhero name 'cause we were of course talking about spades and her friend she was with was black as well. And she's like, this is the upside down world. They play spades. We don't play spades. And then her and I came up with that. My superhero name is the Appropriator and my catchphrase is, I'll take it. I see something from your culture. I like, I'll take it. Oh, The ator. Oh That's funny.


Really fun to talk to Nate and talk to see Nate in such a long time. Yeah. Again, if Nate talks at a party one, am I worried about anyone finding someone to talk to? How About you? Did you, did you chat with anyone new that you Or like Oh that's weird. I loved catching up with all the Yeah, like the old Groundlings, your crew from back then. Yeah. Like I hadn't seen Ben. Tim loves the Yeah. Nat. Yes. So that was all very fun and super comfortable. Like we all just dove into conversations that were fucking great. Yeah. Ben sent me a text. Like I, I talked a lot with her and Weekly was so fun. Yeah, it was great. And that accent of course probably stole the show.


He was the same white outfit Aaron had, but his was short shorts. Oh my God. Yeah. And he was very sexy on those roller buddies. Oh he's so athletic. He was so good on those like Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, best party I've ever been to. Oh man. It's kind of your birthday too. You get to take, you guys get to share birthdays. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Felt like it. Yeah. Kristen did a damn good job there. She Did. She really did It. And she was very worried. She said I boy he is really been talking a lot and that he's very grateful he didn't have a ball party. And what a love. I think she had Heard me say like four times between my birthday and yesterday.


I'm so glad I would hate a surprise party. And the poor girl had planned a surprise party. He looked at That last night saying what Logo? But do you think now that it's happened, I'm so happy. Yeah. And that just goes to show I am known better than I know myself in a lot of domains. Yeah. Like yeah. I was delighted as, as long as I didn't have to go through any of the Yeah. Anxiety of it all. It was absolutely delightful. Would you have been upset if it was a real surprise? I guess there's no way to Know. I don't think so, but I just, I don't know how you get me to the roller ring. Exactly. It's Too hard. I think she would've had to tell. I'm just so annoyingly curious about why would we Be doing, because Panay wasn't gonna take you to the Well that's roller ring.


The only thing that had been planned and I had been tricked on is that Panay and Nate and I were supposed to have dinner that night. That was the big plan. Oh. And even like on Monday, I asked Kristen, can I go to dinner with Nate and Panay? And she's like, yeah. I'm thinking she must have been laughing or buns off. The plan was coming together perfectly. Ah. And then, so I was both really excited about the party and then I was like, oh man, I was really looking forward going to dinner with Pane and so we just decided we will also go to dinner next week. Yeah. Where are you guys going? To Martin's? I hope. Hope we bring George Kittle with us. Aaron and I decided the best compliment you could give any guy is to say like, oh, I'd love to go to Morton's with that dude.


Yeah. Like If you don't know him, but you've seen him from afar and you go, fuck, I'd love to go to Morton's with that guy. I mean, He is a great guy. I like Dan Campbell because imagine you go to fucking Mors With, he goes directly to Morton's. Don't stop. You guys wouldn't even have to say it. We get there and the food would be on the table. Oh Goodness. Was the equivalent. Is there equivalent of that for the gals? Oh, Like at the spa? Oh yeah. No, because there's no Chatting such a solo. Yeah. I like the mall I guess. Oh yeah. Shopping. Yeah. Let's go right to the mall with her. Yeah. I Think I'd go shopping with her Like, what do do you wanna do with Ashley and Mary Kate the first time you hang out besides tour Saw my pants just fell off, exploded.


My underwear fell off. I dunno if I can go shopping with them. That's confusing. You be, I imagine I I would be self-conscious if I were you. 'cause I'd be afraid. Everything I said I liked, you'd worry. They didn't think exactly it was good Style. Exactly. I guess we would go to their store. Okay. And I'd think can, what do you guys think I should get? I'll pay. And they'll be like, I know you'll pay, we don't give discounts. We Don't, we don't fuck around like that. And Then they'd pick out some stuff for me and then we'd all go have martinis. They would smoke cigarettes. I wouldn't. Oh wow. Maybe you wouldn't smoke for them. No, I've never done it. And even for them I won't. Wow. I'll roller skate for you, but I won't smoke a cigarette for you.


So we go to bed early. Super early. Yeah. Right away. Yeah. Anyway, will, it was lovely. And I hope you feel happy today. Oh, I do. Just, I took my immune suppressant and I think I have a cold that came back and I might, I think I have a fractured hip. But that, but also just beaming with gratitude. Yeah. I did feel, I felt hungover this morning. In fact, so many times, I don't know If you remember this, do you remember I got like a really cool sweatsuit for Christmas and a watch and I was at your house. We were in the backyard and I somehow fell in fucking split my lip like wide open When you Were little.


No, when I was like home for Christmas and our Christmas started at a certain time and then we had stayed up till nine in the morning the day before. And then, so I didn't wake up till five. So I got to Christmas Eve, our big family tradition quite late. And I just had this enormous bloody sc on my mouth, gosh. From the night before. And we had a lot of those. So, so anyways, when I woke up I was like, I have a headache from eating all the cake. I'm sick and my hip hurts. I feel like I was at Arizona. I gotta be somewhere 99 or something. Okay. Should we do a little, just quick, fast some FIEs? Yeah. Yeah. This is for Reid Hoffman. Okay. You said that Martin Luther raised literacy rates from 3% to 95% according to ai.


Okay. While there isn't a precise percentage readily available to quantify how much Martin Luther raised literacy rates, historical research indicates that the Protestant Reformation largely driven by Luther's teaching significantly increased literacy levels across Europe with some studies showing a difference of nearly 20 percentage points between predominantly Protestant and Catholic regions. Essentially areas with the larger Protestant population had substantially higher literacy rates. But there's no percentage. I'm clearly way off given that percentage 'cause But you got it from weirdest People on Earth. On Earth. Joseph Henrik Joe, friend of the Joey Hendrick. Go back and listen to that one. Is our unemployment rate as low as it's ever been.


The unemployment rate was 3.4% in January and April, 2023. The lowest in 55 years. 55 years. The last time the unemployment rate in the US was this low was in the first five months of 1969 Mm. The average unemployment rate during the Biden administration was 4.1%. Really low. Yeah. Very low. Lot of countries have 10% and above. Yeah. 1984 did come out in 1949. 49. But we think he rode it in 1948. Yes. But he had said, Reid, Our guest now it was, it was 48, which was clever. 'cause 1984 was a flip of 48. Yes.


And we still think that's true. Yeah. But it did not come out until 49. The price of Bitcoin today is $104,627 and 70 cents. Wow. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. Aaron, did you watch that greatest heist stock on Netflix? Not Yet. Okay. Well, in a nutshell, these two incredibly weird people, I don't feel bad saying that Names, their names are Ilia, Dutch Lichtenstein and Heather Rale Khan Morgan. Yeah. So a bit of a clue in their names. And they stole. Stole, I always say stole. That's one of my things.


They stole 70. Yeah. There they're, Oh man, Boy, that photo of him on the left, he might have Stockholm. This. Yeah, this makes me feel sad actually. Oh, it's not. Yeah, you, you are not happy for either of them. But they stole $72 million in Bitcoin that they really couldn't unload. So they just, they just held it. By the time they were arrested, it was worth $4.5 billion. So it's the greatest theft in the history of the world. Oh my God. No, I have not seen, Seen this. Now we're 10.8 billion Now we're 10.8 billion. If you had 72 million, It was stolen from Bitfinex or Bitfinex.


I dunno. I don't know. And it's Hong Kong based virtual cryptocurrency exchange. So that's Yikes. We've had friends that were involved in some thefts of that, right? Yes, we did. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Well that was of, We have a friend that's a victim of victim. That's what I mean. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yikes. A Lot of money. Which I can only imagine what it's worth now. 'cause that was what, five years ago? Oh yeah, It was. Yeah. Oh, I have a thing marked here. So you made a car, you designed a car using AI and Yes. And you decided you wanted to show it. I would love to wa you wanna put on the tv? 'cause you're so good at that now. Yep. Okay. Do you email me it? Oh, and I'm gonna send you one picture after that of a Ted Seegers poster that I, well, there's two.


There's three actually that I really like. Let's see. Oh, I'm, I'm gonna send four things. Oh my God, That Might, because then I did something for our show. Exciting. All on ai. All On ai. I played around with some merch stuff on ai. That was fun. Ooh, okay. So, right. So I, For the listener. Yeah. So I want a 15 passenger van for Nashville. 'cause we're, I assume we're always gonna have so many people staying with us at anytime we go to dinner, we're gonna need like tons of seats. So then I was like, well I want a 15 passenger G van, a Chevy. That is amazing. But I want it to be John Player paint scheme. I want it wide body. I just said like not a ton of things. And it spit this one out.


It spit three amazing ones. Did You said black and gold. Look at and gold. Oh yeah. That's the John Blair Livery famous paint scheme. Isn't it interesting how they fuck certain things up? Like look at the, the grill. It's kind of gonna say Chevrolet, but it doesn't. Sure, Yeah. Yeah. It's weird. And then like there's normal letters on the tires and then weird abstract. And that's the third one. Look at that motherfucker. Can you imagine if I can, can you send that to, here's the weird thing. Did look, and I'm only noticing now that it's blown up that big. It's got two gas. Oh it does Two fuel doors there. Yeah. Two fuel doors. That's weird. Oh, right. You see that money? You need a lot of gas for that suck. Well, probably knows I'm gonna be, have my foot in the kitchen the whole time.


Okay, now go Rob to the other, can you go, What is John Player? It was a cigarette brand. Oh, that sponsored Formula one and racing, and they have this signature blocking gold. Oh. So then, okay, so I said make an a, make a poster for a beer brand named Ted Segers in the style of Miami Vice. Yeah. I love this one. That's cool. Isn't that Great? That's really cool. And again, what does it say? It doesn't say Miami beer. It, but it says like, no, it says almost makes you think it's like a tie beer Or something. And like underneath it's just squiggles. Kind of like Hieroglyphics. Yeah. Yeah. Get that Egyptian. Okay now, yeah. Then I said, give me a beer brand. You know Ted Seegers? I want a muscle car, a motorcycle and a muscular horse.


Oh wow. This one is a little, The fucking horse I think is Rip. Oh, this Is so funny. All And then I was like, what if a beer brand named Ted Seger sponsored a hydroplane race boat? Oh. And it made that, which is incredible. Yeah. But what's on the side? Did you I think It's a, I think it's barley or it's a beer hops probably. Yeah. Okay. And then Look at this. Beautiful. You Pretty get, that's really pretty. What'd you say? A crow with a cherry. Yeah, a crow with a cherry in its beak. Okay. But I had to do many to come up with this one.


This one took a while. Did you see this? What's this? That's your, oh, that was your invite for the party. Yeah. Oh, I didn't see that. It says your rock Rock, right? Yes. That's not an H, it's an R. It's Y-R-A-C-H. Yeah, you're right. And captain's questionable. There's Oh, he is got sneakers on. Yeah. He's a jacked crow. This, no, I hadn't seen that. That's great. Look at vascularity. Oh my God. That crow is a fucking man. How scared is that other crow that's flying in the background. He is probably flying to get the fuck out of there. I didn't realize she used AI for it. Oh, she must have. Well that's that. That was it. Yeah. Those are all the facts.


Those are the facts. It was a fun a ID tour. Yeah. Yeah. Unless you're listening. I guess that'll all get cut out if you're, I was just thinking If you were listening and you couldn't see any of this, Oh, go to YouTube and watch it. Yeah. All right. Love you. I love you. Love you, Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


New year new resolutions. And this year on The Best Idea Yet podcast, we're revealing the untold origin stories of the products you are obsessed with. And we promise you have never heard these before. Ever wonder how the iconic Reese's Peanut Butter Cup was invented? 'cause it was by accident. HB Reese, a former frog salesman. True story, stumbled upon the idea after accidentally burning a batch of Peanut Classic proving that sometimes our best ideas arise from what seem like our biggest mistakes. And Jack did you know there's a scientific explanation why humans crave that surprising combo of peanut butter and chocolate. I didn't. But it sounds delicious. It is delicious. So If you are looking to get inspired and creative this year, tune into The Best Idea Yet. You can find us on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. And if you're looking for more podcasts to help you start this year off right, check out New Year, new Mindset on the Wondery app. Who knows? Your next great idea could be an accident that you burned. This is Nick. And this is Jack, and we'll see you on The Best Idea Yet.