
Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert I am Dan Shepherd. And I'm joined by Lily Padman. And we have one of our very favorite comedians of all time on today. Sam Richardson. So fun. Oh, so funny. Oh, Detroiters Comedy. Cedar Point oh I know is God. Yes. This will be the beginning of these are, These are all the things that Dak Liked about Sam. Oh, Sam. Richardson. He, you know him. He is the best part of anything you've ever seen him in. You know, of course he had the great show with Tim Robinson Detroiters and the after party Veep where we fell in love with, With him. My God.


So good. I think you should leave. And then Ted Lasso, for which he won an Emmy and he has a new series out now on Prime video called Sausage Party Foodtopia. So this is a series based on the hysterical cartoon of the same name, Sausage Party. So please check out on Prime video Sausage Party Foodtopia. Please enjoy the prince from Detroiters. Sam. Richardson


We are supported by Squarespace Did. you know our website is powered by Squarespace Of course you did. Monica and Rob. Naturally You did. 'cause you designed it. We wanted something slick and easy to use and there is simply no better option. When. you look at their features like their blueprint. AI makes designing easy and fun. And with fluid engine. you can customize every detail with a simple drag and drop interface. Plus you can accept payments any way you like. And their SEO tools help people find you online. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial or go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by PayPal Say Yes to summer because now you can get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal I mean, look, I am even using it to take the kids to the zoo. Yeah. That's how useful PayPal is. It's ubiquitous. which is really nice. Yes. And you get cash back. I Also like it 'cause you can send money with PayPal to friends. Oh. Yeah. Which means going haves these when your BFF visits this summer. or Callie and I live in the same city. so she's not visiting. but we are going on a trip and so we're gonna have to do a lot of Splities And fire money back and forth to each other. That's right. With even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to Summertime. Fund just got a whole lot easier. Make sure. to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money. Redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


Oh my God, I'm so happy you're here. Me Too. I've been trying very Well. Long way. You're a Luc. It is true. It's really true. You smell the light bulb. Thank you very much. It's Afternoon Swim by Louis Vuitton. Oh my God. You're fancy. We saw your car Oh. yeah. It Don't blow 'em up. It's Also not a Detroiters vehicle. I know. Well, we like it though. It's okay. Have some foreign vehicles Too. Do you need anything before we begin? Like a hot coffee Or Think about all the things? We have some Rx bars, little protein. We have water of course. And we have coffee and tea. Like A sparkling water Es Oh, Oh my God.


The One, yeah. All the ice is to run one in. Did I, do We? No, no, no, no, no, No. We should have something. Just Fucking Watch This. I should stop asking people if they want anything because we don't have anything. I know. It's embarrassing. False advertis. Yeah. Also, You know, it's like the opposite of the creative box where it's like helpful to have parameters. You go like, do you want anything? You start going like, oh, maybe a fruit smoothie would Good. Do you have a Kai Juice? Acai? You guys have a chutney? Yeah. Oh. yeah. A chutney would be like really good right now. It's like a bowl of chuney. Carl, Hi. Would you be so kind as to run up some Peres for Mr. Richardson?


Thank you. That's my kid's sister. Oh. yeah, Detroiters. She's an adult now. Detroiters native. She's old. No, she's well, she's young. It's gonna be my kid's Sister. Okay. You're right. That's forever. Just The timeline. Yeah. She also went to, you went to a nice school. Yeah, I Went to U of D Jesuit. I know This is gonna be probably, unfortunately for the listener, the most Michigan centric. Can't Wait. oh yeah. Me. I cannot wait. Even I was watching some interviews with you and it's like you couldn't get through an interview without dropping Cedar Point. Do you know how often I talk about Cedar? Yeah. And no one gives a Fuck. I haven't been there in 20 years, but I can't get it outta my head. When was the last time I was at America's rollercoaster Mecca?


Mecca Nirvana for the Coaster Enthusiast Entirely. This is Carly, my sister Carly. Thank You. Do you love Sam? Carly? I'm obsessed. I, Delta just said I'll brought him up and I go, hold on. I got this. I got this. No, I got this. Alright, Love you. Thank you. Thank you. You. How cute is my sister? Very super. She's got a great boyfriend, but would you like to marry her? Had a great girlfriend Also I know everyone's, Everyone's all tied up. Yeah. I just Selfishly If you were at Christmas. It'd be really Great. It'd be fun. Yeah. Until it turns. Do you Think it would turn? No, I don't think so. I don't think so. You can always fall back on Michigan.


There's Always, yeah, we're talking about Cedar Points. Yeah, Exactly. There's a nine year age gap between you and I. So I'm hoping all the overlap's still there. I think so, because when I watched Detroiters I was like, this is great. These guys are almost older than they should be. 'cause you know all the old commercials. Yeah. But maybe they just ran forever. That's part of it. Some of these commercials were made once and then they just used those bad boys nonstop. Don't you wish our business was like that? Where you, like you made a movie once and it came out every summer for the rest of your life. That Would be fantastic. Yeah. If I had to go with a without a paddle premiere next week, I'd be so happy. Yeah. I would show up to a Mike and Dave need needling dates premiere annually. So In my memory, I only remember meeting you one time.


I was seated behind you Behind me at the Game of Thrones premiere. Oh Yes. and I was dressed to the nines. I had like a tank top on that said Stark in the streets. Wildly in the sheets Tattoos. Yeah. A bunch of iron on tattoos. Yeah. You weren't as eventize as I was, but in spirit. Definitely. You know, I didn't want to announce my banners and my allegiance. Smart knowing how the Game of Thrones plays. Oh it is circuitous. Yeah. It wasn't everyone like dressed up Up. Yeah. Most people were at a premiere, you know, like what you would expect Suits and such. Yeah. To bore you with one studio. Well, fuck it. I'm sure I told you in the seat because I kept turning around to talk to you.


And I was like, is he being friendly or am I turning around too much? No way. Automatic. Any Detroiters, Michigan connection we're we're good. Good. It's kinda like being an Aa. Exactly. That's the closest thing I think we have. Although I did have one bad Michigan Oh. yeah. Gonna say Monica will cut this out. Hmm. But I bet you could even guess when I want to ensnare you in it. Let's Do a clue. Make connections. Oh, Interesting. Do you play? Oh, I sure do. I don't think I played. I did play today. Oh, Before you were Wick. Perfect. Perfect. Four lines. Perfect. Nice. Do you ever try for reverse back? We back to that Reverse? No. What is reverse back? You gotta go purple, blue, green, yellow.


Okay, so here's my question on that. Yeah. What is exactly purple? How do you know what purple is? This Is part of the game. Okay. It's the hardest one. It's generally the one that's gonna share a common word. Yes. A Word play of Sorts. Okay. What's really frustrating is you pursue the reverse back is I know you will now. I really will. The challenge isn't even necessarily getting them all or getting purple first. It's like green and blue. I don't know man. We are often in great objection. Like there's no way that was fucking easier than that. I would add so many stakes. But what bums me out sometimes is like you're talking about hardware pieces and I saw screw on there and you said screw's not, but that's hardware.


She does misnomers. Yeah. Red herrings. Well we've decided Wna is her name spelled W-Y-Y-N-A? We thought it was Wna. It's Wna. That is Wna. But sure, I mean between the three of us, it's Wna. We all know it's Wna. It's Wna. Is there two ins? Maybe between Y in the end it's Wna. So like the Wynn, like the hotel. Oh, Steve Wynn. Like Steve Wynn. The man named after for the hotel, I think. But she Gru grumpy like us. You're an improv master. A genius. Oh, I appreciate that. And sometimes when you're in a grumpy mood on the way in, you're still improv, but there's a little edge to it. Little Pepper in the sauce. That's right. Right. A little Carolina Reaper S sneaks in hits some scoble scales.


It gets high up on that SCO in the millions. So you know when's gonna have a shit day, one day and let it even say, it could even have been an interaction with someone in a certain sector of the economy. And now I'm really going out on Limb. Okay. Oh sure. But like if she had a bad hospitality experience, she might purposely fuck with a category that has to do with a hotel. Right. I say That's a real stretch. Wow. That is a Stretch. But she's just a human is all I'm saying. She's not AI and I. Imagine her puzzles are gonna reflect the mood She's in. Yeah. Sometimes there's clues in those about current events. I'm like, ooh, I know who this is for. Oh, wonderful. We think that's happening too. Yeah. Yeah.


I'm certain of it, not even in the answers, but in the presentation of the puzzle itself. I'm like, oh, this is a message. Right. She's just read all fours. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know about this book All fours? I don't, but I said yep. So quickly. That's fine. How long have you been with your lover? Eight years. Eight Years. That's a great stretch. That is. You're not married though. We're not married. Are You against the institution of marriage? A little bit. Yeah. I was too. I get that. Is she Not entirely? Yeah. Will you please hit me with your philosophy? 'cause I had mine really fine tuned when Kristen and I were dating. I just, Would you feel safer if I went first? Yeah.


Okay. I was like, I'm not religious. I question the institution's origins. I think it had a lot to do with weird capitalism. Ownership, ownership and building of empires. The notion I would have to ask my state or local government for permission to separate seems insane to me. Agreed. There's no log. It's having a baby with someone you love. I'm just not seeing any of the upside. And it all seems steeped in a bunch of traditions I don't even agree with. I agree entirely. And religious tradition, business partnership. Sure. But those partnerships shouldn't need to be binary by two. It doesn't need to be a binary. So I think we're on the same page.


also, I was like, I'll be with you for the rest of your life that I'm in and let's have children and let's do the whole thing. I just don't want to go to the state of California and declare, Hey guys, sign off on us. And then if something goes sideways, you become a meth addict. I want to get the fuck out. Right. I go hire some attorneys. People change. And I'm not saying this about my girlfriend at all. No. 'cause she's not gonna change At all. She's not gonna change. She's rock solid. She's stuck in in her way. She's the rocket cibr. Exactly. But just the notion of it, I don't agree. Also, every time somebody pushes me to it, it makes me revert even further back. I'm like, I don't have to. I don't want to. Yes, yes, yes. I think that there might be some more layers for you too. There are, Understandably.


But you know what happened is I was like, okay, you've made your court case you won. She's accepted it. It's not your thing. Congrats. And then I was like, oh. But also I could give somebody something that's really important to them despite the fact that it's not to me. And then very much talking outta school. But I don't think she would mind. She would say this, she almost died when I presented a ring. 'cause she was accepted. That wasn't for me. Do that. Some issues were resolved in six seconds permanently. Interesting. For her that did mean true security and some jealousy that she used to have. I'm friends with all my ex-girlfriends. I believe that's also positive. That was always kind of an issue.


And in a snap of the fingers that was all gone. That's never been like that again. And so it was a weird leap of faith for me. And then the results were completely unexpected. And I was like, oh wow. That actually made things much, much better. Yeah. That's my testimonial. Just Emotionally it made it. But I'm with you on the logic of it. It's kind out there just is Kind of out there. And then take my name Then, you know, you don't have to take my name and pick my, oh, Hyphenate my name, Hyphenate my name. And then I'm like, oh, why is mine I am not gonna try and blast out my folks. But there's some stuff there that I'm like, I don't this, that and the other. Sure, sure, sure, Sure. Yeah. Being married doesn't make a relationship innately better or Worse.


Well, and in fact, I'll even argue, so I was interviewing Goldie Hawn and I said to her, do you think you and Kurt had you gotten married? You might've gotten divorced. And she said, oh, several times. Yeah. Like the fact that they never got married is why they've been together for 30 years. Right. Because there's a freedom there. Yeah. I think a lot of people think of it as like this commitment and it is a pain in the ass to get out of it financially in all other ways. That'll be an incentive to work through your problems. But I would argue the opposite thing can happen as well. Which is I don't think we can work through these. This is for the rest of my life. You're constantly going, this problem I'm in right now is for the rest of my life. And it takes on a weight. And you probably wouldn't bring up things. You're like, well this is going to shatter my life. If I bring up this thing and it becomes a fight, I will then become financially.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You might keep some stuff quiet and just deal To that point of Goldie and Kurt. I think most people assume that they were married. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So most people assume that anybody in a relationship for so long is married. Why do they have to be Right? Yeah. Well and also you go around the world and increasingly a lot of countries I go to, people don't really do it. In New Zealand, everyone has partners. Almost no one's getting married. Yeah. Okay. Well we might have destroyed the institution. Or I think I Fixed it match. I think it fixed. It all Fixed. Well you just said one thing that, oh yeah. So You were gonna tell a story about someone in Michigan that you didn't Like? Oh yes. Okay. But before that, my last thought on the names and I don't wanna hurt any guys' feelings 'cause I think it's super well-intentioned guys will take their wives names or they're hyphenated or whatever.


And I'm like, guys, that's not progress. Right. The first thing was fucked up. The answer isn't to replicate On it. Map That out for three generations. So your kid inherits this hyphenated name in three generations. There's seven last names. It just starts duplicating. 'cause you gotta take her two hyphenated names, your two hyphenated names, And then your kid's. Two hyphenate names with their Partners to power attends more atoms in the universe. Yeah. So just think this through. I don't Think about for the pens and like the ink of the world, just to be writing down so many names. Data entry folks. How much space on your birth certificate or on your driver's license, how Long will the passport be in five generations? You Know, it'll be pages. Yeah. Or super wide. In Some other countries, They do have really long names.


Like Anna has a really long name. Five or six names. I Have a long name. How much? So my full name is Samuel Naja. William Oscar Richardson. Fucking nuts. That's a paragraph. I love that. Well I love how you Say it. I love it. You're kind of like the newscaster when you say it. oh yeah. Because You say Sam, you say Samuel in the very American English Accent. Samuel William, Oscar Richardson. You're gonna have to Exactly. Each one has to have its own. Okay. So the Michigander I met, so we know the famous Michiganders, we know him by heart. Yeah, We do. We got Bob Seger. Yeah, Bob Seger, the King of all kings. Ted Nugent.


Yep. We got oh oh oh two and two. The host of Love Connection. Oh, I actually saw him at a Coney Island wearing a camel hair full length. He looked gorgeous. Chuck Wool. Chuck Woolery. Yeah, there it is. I knew it was in, he Did it. We're gonna skip all the Motown people 'cause we don't have the time. Yeah. Jeff Daniels. Jeff Daniels. We love our Jeff Daniels. Yes, we sure do. Eminem. Eminem Kid. Rocket Rock. Alright, so this group of people, who do you think I might have had a rough interaction with? I mean, I know who I'm thinking of. I, by the way, this Is before anyone was even Outspokenly political. Yeah. Before the Bud Lights of it all. Yeah. Oh, way before. Before it was a birthday party.


15 Confederate, 15 Years ago. Federate flag swinging around. Okay, so you got it. Michigan, you got, We don't have that flag there. We left up the jewel of Detroiters. Jack White Oh. Yeah. I introduced him at the train station. Oh think police ceremony. Oh my gosh. You Were at that. I was at that first time I came out like I introduced like a person. They were part of the history of Detroiters. And then they had me come back out to introduce Jack White and they sent me out. Oh no. First I came out to introduce No, that's that's right. Sorry. I'm just remembering it. End time. This Is me coming and I think you should leave. No, no. And and then no. But then Oh. yeah. No. Yes. Because yes. Definitive. Every time you think you got it. Oh, oh no, no. This is exactly what, But the producer says, alright and go now and I go out there and I'm standing there and Jack White's still going.


Oh. And he is like, rah. and I'm like, I'm just like standing out there in the middle of like, what do you do? That's cool. In that situation, tap your toe. Like rock your head. Devil horns. I'm like, I'm part of this too. Take your shirt off. Exactly. Just start doing pushups. Oh. yeah. So you were more out there maybe to go and give it up for Jack White. Exactly. Okay. It's not an introduction. Whatever we would Call it. Why I didn't, I was supposed to do both. Oh. So I'm like, listen gentlemen, Jack what? In fact, that's what it was. The guy and I come out and we introduce Jack White and then I come back out again and I get to this video thing. Yeah. Whatever. Bookending Jack, bookending Jack White. Okay. And man, Yeah, you can feel nice and awkward. Huh? Boy.


Similarly, I brought out Nate Dogg and Warren g Oh. yeah. And Anaheim at a concert. and I felt that similar. How do I play all this? You're right. What is my exact and I swang for the fences. Oh man. Sometimes you gotta, Okay, Detroiters 1984, what's it called? The something Edison District. Boston Edison. So I know this area well 'cause it's bordered by Woodward. Yes. Yep. And so I constantly would be driving down Woodward to go downtown. Yeah. There's all these really cool old neighborhoods just to the west of Woodward. So many Boston is where I grew up. So it's like the old historic homes. And they were built by these people in the early 19 hundreds that had come to what was then Silicon Valley.


And they were hugely successful. You had like Fisher Body family and all these suppliers and they built these really cool grandiose homes. But in 84 it's like four would be completely empty, three would be working and great. It was a very unique scene. No. So even by like 84, Boston Edison was pretty full, very well Manured and maintained. I think by 2000 something, houses start becoming a little bit more empty there because the houses are empty. They keep on getting broken into people stealing copper outta the houses and all The plumbing. That's demoralizing. When the copper's the most valuable thing. It's the Easiest valuable thing that you can get in and get out. But like now recently, it's unreal.


And I'll be the first to admit, I was not optimistic. So I lived down at Griswold right by Lafayette, Coney Island in 94. If that was not the nay dear of it, it has to be approached it, it was wild when I left and moved to California in 95, I was like thoughts and prayers. I don't know how this turns around. Yeah. And then I was back like three years ago and I just drove by the old place. It's fucking gorgeous. As a farmer's market, I'm like, wow, I didn't see this coming. The Idea of trying to just casually buy property in downtown Detroiters, forget about it. It's so popular and you're spending so much on it. It looks so great. It's so like walkable where the dog whistle term so walkable, so safe.


You know They spell it with three W's. Exactly. They spell walkable. W-H-A-L-K, Walkable If. you know what I mean? That's what I observed. I saw more white people at this farmer's market when I was there three years ago than I had seen the entire time I lived in Detroiters. I'm like, is there a festival? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, the Greeks are down here. The Greeks are down here. Used to be that this would happen during a Dave Matthews Band concert and they would come to Comerica Park and then please Maybe stop at Lafayette. Tear that place up at Night. Yeah. Tear the place up. Really show up and show their asses. Then get there, show their Asses.


Second City was downtown at the Hockey Town Cafe right next to Fox. Right across from Come America. We would be there all the time. So we'd be downtown all the time. Really? You would see people come in to come into the Fox or to Tigers game, Joe Lewis for a hockey game and then party and then like as soon as those shows were done, traffic to get out of there. But now there's so much do plus all the games are there. It's just right on top of each other. Yep. And so it's just bustling wild. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You have had to talk about this so much and I'm gonna try to spare you repeating all this stuff, but certainly I need to know what it's like going to Ghana a lot when you're a kid, your grandpa, he's a chief. He had some leverage and some status.


Yeah. I'm sorry, can I back up? Yeah, for sure. When did your mom get to Detroiters? 77 is when she would've gotten to Detroiters. Okay. And what age was she when she came? She would've been 32. No, that's not right. 1949. 28. 28. Okay. So is that right? Yeah. 49 to 77. Lemme make sure It is. 49. My mom just had her 70. Oh no. Then she was Born. Yeah, that's 54. 54 or 45 now my dad is 45. That's 40. Wow. Shit. You know what, I came out in the middle of Jack White. Now that I think about it, it came out in the middle. I was Like, say middle of Jack White and then like, oh no wait. If the Jack White was seven minutes, I came out three minutes and 29 seconds.


So that's not exactly the middle, but it's pretty close. As close as you could be. But including his footsteps, I was only under during the middle. Okay. So she can, She was like, let's say her early thirties. I'm just gonna say 31. And what was Her, what was her goal? My dad met my mom in Ghana. Oh he did? And then brought Her, what was he doing down there? Is he from Detroiters? He's from Detroiters. How many generations? Three. 1920 I think is when the Richardsons came from Alabama. Okay. So he's been there for three generations. What is he doing in Ghana? My dad worked for the Burger King Corporation. He helped open the first Burger King in Harlem in like the early seventies. Retired from Burger King and then moved back to Detroiters. Bought a house one day.


His phone rings. This is 1976. And he answers it ladies on the phone's like, Hey, is Barbara there? This is the number I have. Barbara's supposed to pick me up from the airport. My dad's like, where from? He said Africa. Africa. My dad starts talking to this woman on the phone for like a half hour and then finally he is like, you know what, I'm gonna come pick you up. So he drives to the airport, picks this woman up from the airport. No. And on the way back she's like, you gotta go to Africa, you gotta go to Ghana. I'm just coming from there. It's great. Really? When you go to Ghana, look for this man. His name is Mr. Raffi. He loves Americans. No, This Is your grandpa. Go check it out. Oh my God. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. And really quick, just I gotta contextualize all that. So he's retired.


So he's feeling maybe adventurous or what's happening in the second stage of his life. He's just very impulsive. Present him with a good adventure. And he's like, yeah, yes, I will do this. Okay, great. So then you know, he goes, travels all over West Africa. Then finishes his trip in Ghana. Looks for this guy Mr. Raffi. Everybody's like, like Oh? yeah, we big man. So he finds this office building, talks to secretary. I'm here to see Mr. rfi. My name's Lamar Richardson. She's like, oh okay. Calls him up to see. Oh okay. He's excited to see you. He's been expecting to see you. Oh my God. But he's in the middle of a meeting. Why don't you like hang out and talk here with me for a little bit. Goes up to see Mr. rfi. Oh wow. I'm so excited to see you. I love Americans. It's great. But I'm very busy. Why don't you come to my, the house for dinner. Oh, so he's like, yeah, sure. Great. On his way out he talks to the secretary and his way and he is like, ah, I'm only in town for like another week or so, but maybe we can grab dinner sometime.


And she's like, okay. Oh this is like a scene Out my ghost. This is me to the wild. Wow. And look who comes down for supper. Exactly. Come on at the table is like, that's his daughter he didn't know is, and so they spent the rest of their time in Ghana together. This is so storybook. It really is. And you're Against marriage after all that. Oh good. How near You isn't that? Well it'll never match it. Wow. Wow. So he goes to dinner at the house and then your mom's there and they fall in love. Your grandpa. Is he sign off on this or is he a little bit like, Hey, slow down, fast Westerner. Slow down, fast. Westerner. For sure. So then he goes back to, to Detroiters. Then they would rendezvous in London.


You know, she'd do stuff in London. Very I important. Sure. And Hang out. Hold on a second. I do have to say this is a very dangerous way to fall in love. Yes It is. Yes. Very Heightened. Very heightened. Very heightened. You are only meeting on vacation in a foreign city. You both love. Yep. You met, it's like the bachelor vacation and all your dating was on other, Every vacation is on a honeymoon. Yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. So then He proposes and they go back to Detroiters. And then my grandfather finds out everybody in my family in Detroiters, like okay, his rap's coming. So everybody on my dad's side of the family gather at the house. You know, everybody's like dressed in their finest clothes. I have to point out the parallel. Yeah. Too. You must hate it. The movie. Yeah. I remember when they had the apartment coming to America.


I talking to, yeah, I'm sorry. It's very Similar, but I'll tell you it's, it's even more similar. He Opens a McDowell's. I wish it's working. Yes. Okay. I I don't wanna get outta of myself. So Everybody's there. Everybody's ready to really impress this man. He flies in. It's a stormy day. Police escort. Where are they living at the time? They're Living in Boston. This is at the Bostonian house. Oh, okay. Okay great. He comes in, meets everybody. He has like a little story talks to everybody and then they prepared him like a place stay. He was like, alright, I must be off. I have business. And he leaves. But he, he was there For a couple hours Because he couldn't stay there, you know? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. He had business at the Renaissance Center.


Exactly. He had to go watch a movie, Gotta stay somewhere. Star Wars just came out. I gotta see that. Did they woo him? They wooed him and my grandfather also loved Americans. Right. So he was like excited anyway. Sure, Sure, sure. He had an American son. He said, always call my dad a bushman. He was always tease my dad. He loved to look American culture. He like blue jeans, you father's it Bushman. He, I'm like, cool. I didn't know What that means. Now your mom, I'm presuming she left a pretty comfortable lifestyle. Yes. And she didn't move to Manhattan. Yeah, she, yeah, we just described it painful detail. Right. The scene.


Detroiters very stark difference from the Ghanaian lifestyle that she was living and used to 'cause it's also Ghana and London. 'cause like she went to boarding school in London. My grandfather was like a member of parliament. Your dad must be very charismatic. Well I mean Apple in the tree And this is not too far. Not too far. But yes, he's one of the most charismatic men in the world. So wait, did grandpa then help dad buy a Burger King? Is that where you were going with that story? No, no. Just he had already done the Burger King. Oh he already, okay. He retired from Burger King. But just the parallels. And then they opened a restaurant together. My Mom and dad opened a restaurant together right in downtown Detroiters. It's called GI Yumi House Restaurant on Grat.


And you guys Lived above it? Yeah, we had an apartment directly above it. I would've been three years old, but I just remember that restaurant so well. and I can remember watching old Superman videos. The Fleischer brothers Superman and I would just, I don't know where one this Debate jumping out the second story window mean Kind of. Yeah, Of course. Call boy. Oh boy. And this is very nosy, but where does dad get the money to open up an outback? So the Outback money comes from a few places, but mostly my mom and I think we kind of put everything that we had into that Outback, what Location was It? So we tried to open it in downtown for the longest time. Red Tape. Couldn't do it. Found a site in Southfield Open in like a few months.


Yes, of course. Southfield loves business. Southfield loves business. Nine mile Greenfield. That's where my father was at. Slinging those fors. Those fors virtually right there. Yeah. Okay. And then you went to U of D and that's a Jesuit school. Yep. I didn't know that till today. I know UOD Oh. yeah. And they always have a good football team and good sports teams. But I didn't realize it was a Jesuit school. And we've interviewed a few people that went to Jesuit schools. Yeah. And they really loved it. I really did. The approach to education was very real. Am I right to summarize that? Their approach is you encouraged to challenge things. Yes. If I didn't understand how something worked, I could talk about it. But I was also a bad student because I think I'm pretty smart.


I would agree So far And lazy as well. Okay. So if I can figure something out, I'll just figure it out. and I can just kind of do that without paying attention. But you can't do that for math unless you're a super genius. Right. And I am not. So I wouldn't do my math homework. Oh what is this symbol? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm like uhoh. Well I was super into math until you had to get that certain calculator. Yes. Like the trig calculator. Oh. yeah. and I looked at all the buttons. And I was like, get outta here. This is ridiculous. I can't learn hieroglyphics to continue on with this education. I got overwhelmed. Graphic calculator. Graphic Calculators. Oh Man. Graphic. I think I got it. It was like when they upgraded Nintendo and there was too many buttons on it and I was out. Yep. Because that's the thing, If, you don't steadily move along with video games.


Especially with Nintendo. And then like how the third dimension was introduced to it and the joystick, all of a sudden you can control your view. And that was like something so new to video games to control an axis of observation. Yeah. Yeah. But now kids do that innately. 'cause that's how you learn video games. I know. But there was a curve. You're like, okay, Nintendo 64. Ooh what Mario can turn his head around or you can make link, move his head around and jump and see the sky and I still game. So now I just do it 'cause I can just know. And all the controls are the same Before where it was, you know, up, down, left. Right. A, B, B, A, right. Yeah. Contra. Contra. Yeah. You know That one? No, that was before my time. Left. Right, left, right. Up, down, up down. A, B, B, A something.


It gave you unlimited lives on contrast. Oh Wow. It's a very famous code. It makes its way into movies a lot. Yes It does. Oh I always think I don't have children. But when they like, oh get that screen away from, or they're on the iPad again, I'm like Yes. 'cause that's how they're gonna be able to know how to fly the flying cars. It's true. Because they can just do it. You're right. It is weird. It is the future. It's like why would you take it? Although, I mean there's a lot of stats that it's bad for their parents. It's definitely bad for 'em. But also you're preparing them to live what, in the eighties. Exactly. Also give 'em a time machine. It's true. You use their analog. Everything Is touch screen chairs have touched screens on Them. Yeah. When you go get a job, presumably it's gonna be doing that. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert With you Dare


We are supported by Squarespace. There's never been a better time to create your own website thanks to Squarespace. Especially because of their new guided design system. Blueprint AI choose from professionally curated layout and styling options. And then Blueprint AI can build a unique online presence from the ground up tailored to your brand or business and optimized for every device. And I'm not just saying the experience is good, even our site is powered by Squarespace. We're putting our site where our mouth is. That's right. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial or go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


We are supported by BetterHelp self-care is so important for me that's hiking. I love to get out there and hike and take some time where I'm not looking at my phone or doing anything work related. Get your legs moving. Get My body moving. Me too. Well my logs as everyone knows about help me with my self-care. But also baths and skincare routines. Yeah, but look, I get it. Life is hectic and you let things fall by the wayside. It's during those times though that it's more important than ever to take some time for yourself and If. you need a little help in the self-love department therapy is always a great option. We love therapy. We're both in therapy. Yep. Had therapy on Saturday was incredible. Therapists Are great at pointing out like, Hey, when's the last time you just kind of did something that was not goal related? Mm. You know, just kind of try to enjoy a minute they're, they're good at that. Yeah. If you're ready to start therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's designed to be convenient and flexible and you can switch therapists whenever you need for no additional charge. Never skip Therapy day with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by Quince. Summer is winding down, which means now is a great time to refresh your wardrobe for fall. Even if you're on a budget, it's always nice to grab at least a couple new pieces. And one of the best places to find affordable high quality essentials is Quince. They have all the seasonal must haves like cashmere sweaters, a hundred percent European linen shirts and versatile activewear. They have really cute stuff. I have a jean top that I wear button open. Yeah. With a shirt underneath. It's so cute. I always need a nice cashmere sweater. This year I'm looking to add as many sweaters to make me look like they have a Beckham as possible. Sure. All of their items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And they partner directly with factories cutting out the middleman and passing on the savings of their customers. And they only work with partners that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices as well as premium fabric and finishes. Make this season your best dressed yet, upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. One last time. Quince dot com slash dax.


Okay. So you like ud, what kind of kid are you at school? It's all boys. Which Was great because nobody was posturing or flexing. Yeah, that's neat. We were all just like stinky boys hanging out. At least not in my experience. I was popular. That was funny. What are you gonna do? You know, I was kinda like in a bunch of different groups. I would hang out with skaters with the theater kids. Bass was the Black Achievement Society of Education. I wasn't a member of bass because I didn't go to the meetings. But you know Oh. yeah, You fell around with them about it. Lazy. You were in bla. Exactly. You had had to add the alpha. Lazy. Lazy. Exactly. But I think mostly theater was Your sister's school.


Mercy. Mercy, yeah. Oh. Yeah I did Girl in Burlington Hills. Yeah, I went to their prom. Me Too. Was it at the Gross Point Yacht Club? Yeah. Yeah. Same. Yes it was. So I went, went to Mercy's Prom. I went to Marian's Prom and I went to my prom. Right. Did I Go to another one? Three proms. How Are you meeting girls if it's an All Through theater and that's why I did theater. Okay. Was because I didn't know it was an all boys school when I first joined because my parents were moving to Ghana and I was supposed to move to London to go to boarding school. Oh my Lord. And then last second, very impulsive parents. They were like actually we're not. and I took the entrance exam to to U of D. I went to a friend school, which is a small Quaker school that was in Detroiters. My graduating class was like 15 kids.


This is a very kaleidoscopic childhood. Yes. You're in gone in the summers, you're at a Quaker school for primary, you go to a Jesuit school. Very Unique But it doesn't seem like you suffer at all from, it's almost tangible when people feel perpetually lost in their identity or having never been an actual member of the group they were constantly in. You don't present that way Or do you have any of that? Like when you were in Ghana, were you the American? There was some of that, especially with my family. To my cousins in America. I was the Ghanaian kid. Right. To my Ghanaian cousins. I was the American Axel Foley. Exactly. and I would laugh just like him.


No, look, there's two different baseline of confidence that can either make you feel very alienated or it can make you feel exotic and interesting And I think that's what it was. I have siblings but half siblings. I'm my mom's only child so I'm the only one who has this experience. I always kinda wish that I had grown up with like a twin so that I can be like, are you experiencing this as well? Yes, I Controlled group. Can we remember this? And then kind of check on each other when we say this. No. 'cause you don't exist. I wish I journaled just for facts and just for objectivity. Yes. What was more fun though? I didn't appreciate Ghana when I was a kid 'cause I was like ugh, where's the Ninja Turtles? The new episodes of Saturday morning cartoons.


but we were also living a very charmed life there. I also went to an international school in Ghana. So I went to a school with like a bunch of Americans and British and French Who had probably had really interesting parents. They were doing wild and amazing things. My best friend Parshan, his parents were from India and they were there for the banks. And my friend Alex was from Canada. My friend Gert, Gert Gert, Jan Meyer. Wow. He's from Germany or something. That would be my guess. He Was Dutch. Dutch. Oh okay. It was truly a rainbow coalition. Yeah. And would you live at grandpa's while you were there? There was a few houses and so I would stay at my grandpa's house sometimes. However, when I lived there to go to school for first and second grade as my grandfather was dying. Oh no. I would go back and forth. But first and second grade we lived there 'cause he was passing and then he passed and so we were like there, Forgive my ignorance, are they speaking English there?


English is the national language. Okay cool. In Ghana. Cool. There was one year all my cousins, we just like spoke English. One year you going back and all of a sudden everybody speaks Chii. Chii is like our family language. Original. I didn't speak it and I'm like wait, oh no. Oh Boy I'm gonna straight up the American now. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah. It just switched it on you. It's like one day like how'd you like, did you guys download it just overnight? How? Yeah, I didn't pay for the upgrade. Just like a little outside and at the same time missing those summers in Detroiters. I'm a little outside. They got like inside jokes that I don't have. Sure. Everyone went to Cedar Point and Having a little bit of a accent. I don't sound exactly like my cousins do either side. I guess you get to decide that's rad about me or I feel other all the time.


Yeah. I just always had like a confidence. I took that as not like a Oh no. But it's again. Oh Well I'm interesting to you. You Know? Exactly. Yeah. Being an only child, I make friends really quick and easy 'cause I am interested and I'm curious. and I also I could bring my curiosities to new things and people I want to connect. Yeah, you're dying for a sibling. Exactly. Did you get to do any of the fun Michigan outdoorsy stuff? Oh yes, for sure. You've gone to the lakes. We had a cottage. You go Mackinac. I'd never went to Mackinac Island. Right Now it's just been hitting me. Where at the dog days of summer. I'm like, I have not been on a lake in Michigan this summer. and I gotta get there. I feel amoral if I don't. We had the cottage up north from Michigan.


You know, up north just means north of Detroiters and everybody goes up north. Anything north of Flint is like up north and I haven't been in so long. I used to love We Fish, we used to hunt and we used to just do country shit. That's where you feel the Ted Nugent come out. Exactly. He's like a liberal fan out there. He kind of just floats around and you'd be catch him, you get money. You know he lived in the town next to mine and occasionally there'd be spottings of Ted Nugent 'cause he had a Bronco that was completely zebra stripe. He'd drive through our town sometimes and people were like, so to NuGen driving a zebra Bronco through town. A zebra native to northern Michigan. Okay. So you ended up going to Wayne State. Did you stay? I did not graduate from Wayne State.


Okay. Because when you get out, you know immediately you're gonna do comedy. They opened that second city up. Well I don't know what year that would been, but probably right when I was in high school. Yeah. Being in theater, my friend Pete Jacobs, who was a senior when I was a freshman was taking classes at Second City. And so I went to see his class show when I was 14. But I knew Second City 'cause I had like always been a fan of comedy. S-N-L-S-A-T-V of course. So I knew everything about comedy. I was like, wait, second City, second City is in Detroiters. Yes. So I went to see that show and I'm like, and so I started taking classes when I was like 15. Oh. At Second City in Detroiters. So by the time you graduate high school, are you already on stage there? By 20 I'm performing. Oh Wow. For people who don't know improv, that's very rare. Most of the time you're starting at that age or later.


Yeah. You're approaching some of these records. I forget what age Eddie Murphy was on SNL. I think he was like 19, 19. I'm like getting reps and I'm not in the second City cast, but I'm performing shows there. I'm performing shows at Planet and theater in Amram while I'm trying to get my theater degree. But then it just became so hard. I was being punished for doing both. And finally I was doing a comedian show at the planet and theater that we'd written and we were rehearsing and then like we finally performed it and I was late because I was getting lectured by my professor about doing more things. But I told my dean that I was doing more things. And I was like, is it okay? And he was like, great opportunities. But this professor was like not having it. Every time he went to humiliate me in front of the class, he'd stop me and kind of just lecture me.


I'm like, look, I'm working. I came here to try and do both, but finally she's like, I don't think you need it. Having Never met the person, I hate to guess this, but maybe probably threatened that you were talented, maybe going somewhere. I think so. We just had Kirby on formerly Kirby Howell Batis, but now just Kirby. But she went to acting school in London. She had a very similar experience and I said was the subtext, you should be so grateful to be here Very much. Finally I was like, you know what, I'm not coming back. And then I just kept floating through Second City in Detroiters. When Do you meet Tim Robinson? So I met Tim Robinson early on into this and I got in his class when I was 18. Oh Wow. Oh no kidding. You started as student teacher Started as student teacher.


Oh, I was 18. He was 21. Okay. So he Was incredibly young as well going Through this. Yes. Fast friends. Thick as thieves. He would sneak me into bars, you know, Not hard in Detroiters. Method was easy. Get snuck in, grab a beer, come out and talk to the bouncer a lot. Ah, get to know with a beer in my hand. So you're like, eh, this, so now you identify me. I was regular at this bar called Seven Brothers. You should have known that I was 18 years old. 'cause I would always be like, Hey, can I have a white Russian please? Oh nice. I'm exclusively drinking white Russians like I'm the dude just because it's like an ice cream. So I'm like, can you please gimme me? The sweetest, nicest thing, this dive bar in Hamtramck. And they would've to go get cream so that I could have my thing. My God. Because with beer so much that they were like, well we gotta have our creams.


And Sam can have this white Russians. This teen, the owner whose name was George Beski, he just died recently. He was like my sur at Grandfather essentially, because I was like, there's so much we would always hang out. Oh. yeah, he was a Macedonian man who also had like a thousand lives, but he owned this bar. So then I had my 21st birthday at Seven Brothers and George is like, happy birthday Sam, how old are you? and I'm like, I'm 21 George. He's like, you son Beach. He didn't talk to me for like six months. Aw. Because he was so mad. Disappointed in his grandson. Could've Ruined it. Exactly. You end up going to Chicago though as well, right? Yes. I got hired to work in the Second City cruise ship. And is that a blast?


It was a blast. 'cause I was like 22, I think I turned 23 on this ship. What Route were you on? The Caribbean. So we were going to Barbados, Samana, Cozumel, St. Lucia. How are you not showing back up on the boat? Hammered for the show? Or are you? We only had show one night, seven day cruise. We had our show on like Wednesday, a seven o'clock and a nine o'clock show of best of Second City. And then we do two shows on Sunday. An eight o'clock improv show and then like a 10 o'clock adults improv show. Oh my Lord. So I'm working like five hours at the most, including like a workshop. And then I'm on vacation. I'm leaving on vacation. You could probably get trapped in that. Oh my goodness. I felt myself.


Atrophying also, I'm 22, mind you. Oh boy. The Buffets. The buffets. If. you wanna get nasty? You'd spend $20 and then you'd go to steakhouse is all you could eat. Oh. Oh baby. Oh wow. $15 for the sushi bar. $25 for the French restaurant. This Is not an exaggeration. I went one time with my ex-girlfriend, Brie on a family trip. and I weighed myself at the hotel in Orlando and I was 180 5. And then when I got off the boat, I weighed myself. and I was 1 98, 13 pounds. Hot dog in a week. That's a small dog. Yeah. If I had medium Sized, stayed on that boat for another few months. Yeah. I would've come off on a wheelchair. My first cast, I did two tours. I did two tours of dude. Exactly. Both five months long with a month in between five Months of Vacation, five months vacation.


I had a nickname. They called me Colossal Sam because I could just sit down and I could eat. I would be like, oh, I'll make you pay for $20 for the steakhouse. You fools. I'll make you ru the day the Chef will be crying when I, you'll Be like, please stop. This was the food for the week. I had the same commitment every time I went to S Unlimited chicken wings. We'll see. We'll see how much oil you have back then. What's the policy on banging the gas? The other passengers. So you Weren't supposed to of course, but we were passengers who had crew status. Once Again, you're in another world of identity. You're not crew, you're not a passenger. Then I'm like so young would be college time. Supposed to be at a kegger. But my kegger is at sea. Just free time.


All of us so young and had young bodies and young excitement. There's dancers on the cruise. Oh. Yeah. There we've become friends with The bar staff. The bar staff. Exactly. The guy, the dj, Crew, staff. Exactly. All this. And they call it ship life, as in like what happens on the ship, stays on the ship. Some shady stuff happening. Also people who are like, yeah, behaving like you don't have a home life. Ooh, that's hard because when you're at sea you're not on earth. What a wild experience It really was. So I did a five month contract and while I was on that first contract, city Detroiters closed. I closed. and I didn't save any money 'cause I was living like I was on vacation. Yeah. I was making the most money I'd ever made. Like a thousand dollars a week. And I was like, I'm rich. Yes. Yeah. and I'm spending money in Barbados.


I'm spending money in, You know. Are you gambling at all? We're not allowed to gamble picture. I'm lying. 'cause I would gamble when we go to like nasa. Yes. That's what I'm thinking. When you get to shore, go into the Atlantis and let it rip eggs. And specifically the Atlantis. One time I was playing three card poker at the Atlantis and the worst thing ever happened to me. I was sitting one seat from the left. So I was like second seat I am playing three card poker. The guy to my right stands up and the guy sits down to my left. The next hand the guy gets a royal flush. Oh. And I'm like, that was my hand. Oh. Oh. That was my hand. Oh Man. That'll destroy you.


I think about it every day. I Have a very similar situation. I'm more culpable in that fault. It was like punk had just come out. I'm starting to get these weird offers to go do things. So one is like, do you want to come announce something for Nokia at the Sugar Bowl in New Orleans on your birthday you can bring friends. It's my birthday going to this casino and I'm playing video poker and it deals me a royal flush and I just stare at it and stare at it and stare at it. And then I say to Aaron, who's there with me? I'm like, look at this. What is, and We don't know what to do. We don't know why it's not paying out. Right. And we stare at it for so long and eventually he's like, oh, I don't know if I say or he's, I'm like, am I supposed to just hit the cash out or whatever? What I was supposed to do is save each one.


Oh. yeah. 'cause that's what you do in video poker. Oh No. Can you believe that. Oh no. So I hit a button and it just went away. Yeah. How about this? And I Was like, Oh my three A clubs in this five of diamonds. Oh my God. I think about that very regularly. I would've won $1,200. You didn't feel like asking Someone. Never did was Well we star at it for so long and we were like, why isn't it just like, why aren't bells and whistles going on? And you Were like, oh, this must be something simple. Let me just push this button and then it, Man, That Hurts. See, to mine's worse 'cause I have some definite personal responsibility. You got Fucked. It happened to me. I was doing everything right and then just at the table had to shut down because they get a pit boss in there and I'm like, show that on the camera.


Show him getting up and show him sitting down. This is my hand. No, I'd been sitting at that table for like 45 minutes. I think it was like $10,000 A sky one. Oh, Oh my God. I'm so mad. Still. I would've spent all that on booze in Barbados. Yeah, you would've, You would've lost grand Of it would in the next would've next hour. Yeah. For real. Like I can't lose, Got hot Hand, got hot hand folks. Like what's the lowest odds thing in this casino? I'm going hard at it. Exactly. So I would've gotten this moment. You gotta get outta here and you gotta fucking get going. Yes. 'cause I felt myself atrophying. I enjoyed it a whole lot. But the whole time I was like, I gotta move to la. Even the improv, it became kind of repetitive. Everybody learns the tricks. And I was like trying really hard to not do the tricks.


Yeah. But then like everybody wanted to do the tricks. It's like it's easy. Boom. And you know the show would be great. They're not a comedy crowd. They're checking out this thing for the first time. Yep. It would drive me nuts. 'cause like we would sketch and then they had windows of improv. But then in those improv windows, if there was a suggestion that was similar and I would improvise something at seven o'clock. At nine o'clock, they would try and like bring it back. I'm like, no, no, we did that already. oh yeah. So I was like really excited to get off boat. Then they hired me to the touring company in Second City. So then after that second ship I moved to Chicago. After two years of that got hired to the main stage, wrote two shows on the main stage. Tim and I got hired the same day. So we got to like write these shows and perform these shows together. Awesome. Every day. Eight shows a week, six days a week we'd go out and drink every night, six nights a week. And then on Mondays was our off days. So then we'd just hang out at a different bar.


Yes. And start earlier. Start earlier. Exactly. Oh I love it. Wild. Oh what a time. So what age do you get to LA and are you afraid to leave there? 'cause life's good. I was ready to go. We ran those shows for a year. You're doing the exact same show six days a week, eight times a week. Gets the point where you're on autopilot. Just kind of thinking about my day while I'm like saying comedy lines, it got to the point where If, you thought about what you're saying you'd mess up, You know? Right. Crazy. If not that then we're trying to fuck with each other. And then timid left And I was like, I'm also gonna, because I auditioned for SNL twice, I did two screen tests. Nervous. I got where I was like I was super nervous the first time. I didn't know what to expect. Second time I was like, oh okay. But I was going to write a third show only because I was like trying to audition again.


I was like, oh well I don't wanna do that to my experience at Second City or to my cast just to be here to write audition material. I'm gonna leave my time is done. Had Tim gone to SNL, Tim hadn't gone to SNL, he'd just left. He was still in Chicago. Okay. He just left the main stage. So then I moved to LA February of 2012, 28. How Quickly from when you get here, do you have an agent and you get these six episodes of the office? I went There with an agent and managers because of SNL. Oh, okay. Allison Jones had come to see my show in Chicago And she's a casting director. She's a casting director. One Of the biggest ones. She cast the office. She casts so much. So I went in to meet her and she was like, I will get you working.


Just, oh my God, come out here. So I'm like, oh okay. Wow. And I'd been so close on things as well where I would send in tapes from Chicago. I'd get call back and call back and call back where I'd partially improvising and I'd see the sides and these sides had my improv in them. Oh. You know, and then they would go with local hire. So then my people were just like, alright, it's time to move. And so I moved and then Alison Jones gets me on the office. And then Alison Jones also cast Arrested Development, the episode arrest development. But then she also cast Veep. She really is the greatest. She's the greatest Because You're naming the very best comedic cast ever assembled when you walk into the office and it's the last season. They know each other like their siblings.


Are you intimidated? Are you comfy there? I'm learning there. I'm intimidated a little bit, but I'm like also just very excited. I'm taking pictures of myself in the makeup chair. Yes. The part was supposed to be a little bit bigger than it was. I was supposed to come in as Jim's college roommate. We start a sports management company together in Philadelphia also. Like it's the last season you're gonna introduce a new character. Yeah. Right. Lay a lot on track The whole time. I'm learning so much about how takes work, where to sit for a camera. The thing you just said about the auditions, I auditioned for commercials for eight years and I never got them. But I, on several occasions, saw the commercial on TV and it had an improv I had done in the thing that was really specific.


Right. And you go like, oh man, you didn't hire me but you. I'm like, huh, you took that Thing. Okay, I wish I check for writing then or something. I'm freaking starving. And you don't have what you want so you're very bitter about it. Yeah. The greatest advice I was ever given to me at the Groundlings is I had done a sketch and then it was very, very identically done shortly thereafter on Saturday Live. And it was a very unique thing and I was really wound up about it. Maybe it was in my mind. But this person said to me, If, you think that's your last great idea? You should get a lawyer and sue and go all the way to the map. But If, you think you have infinite great ideas. Keep rolling. A hundred percent. That's great. If, you what? If, you had Done it. You're like I gotta get a Lawyer. Okay great. I'll take option A. Do you have a suggestion of one? No. Great counsel.


My character's name is Anchor Man. Wait two minutes on Alison Juts. I just have to do this. Yes. Before I moved out here, I like to learn absolutely everything about everything. She was a celebrity to me. Knowing what she cast. All the AU movies, all these shows that I was obsessed with. When I got to audition for her, I was like, I made it. I don't even have to book it. Yeah, She's like a king and queen maker. Yeah, true in Comedy. And she's so nice. So nice. Which is so strange. She has the right to be mean or scary. And she's so like catty. Like just like a little. Exactly. There was a talk of someone, but I can't, I can't even remember the name specifically. I auditioned for the CBS showcase about Be in it.


And then the lady who was running it was so rude, And I was like, I'm not coming back. and I didn't. I'm excited to make it and I have these opportunities, but I don't wanna sacrifice Who you are. Who I am. I'm so fresh and I'm not immediately gonna like start casting aside the things I think make me Yes. Yep. You had some conviction. Well that's the advantage of having established yourself very young comedically. And you had a point of view when you arrived here. It almost sounds like you had some wherewithal to say, I want this to be a certain experience regardless of the outcome. I really did. and I still do this. I have like a vision of what I want out of the world or out of my career. and I try to do things that match that and I try and avoid things that don't.


Sometimes I can't help but play Monday morning quarterback doesn't even work anymore. 'cause they have Monday night football. Tuesday morning quarterback. Tuesday morning quarterback. And I'm like, I should have done that movie. I didn't do it. If I felt it was gonna be the exact same thing I've done before. Or if I thought that it was gonna paint a picture of me in an audience's mind that I couldn't recover from. Yep. Typecast me when I'm at home and I'm like, oh I've got three weeks off. I'm like, I shouldn't have three weeks off. I wanna be on a movie right now. I have to fight that. I also just always want to be doing it because it's what I love. So I have to kind of fight the regrets of my convictions. What's the biggest one you have Recently? There was a movie, I don't wanna say specifically Wolverine. I didn't wanna say it. Yeah. $200 million opening. Oops. Two Hun. Mills Offered me three points.


I said I need four and a half for us. A non-negotiable. You know this Matt Damon? Sorry, I was just about to say, you know the Matt Damon story? No, he turned down Avatar and he was offered I think 5% of it. A percentage of something huge. Oh franchise. Hundreds of millions of dollars Of the French. Yes. Disney doesn't have 5% of the franchise. That's of like all the movies that were to come. Yeah. I mean insane. Oh My God. Incredible. Right? Luckily he made his own hundreds of millions, but still. Wow. What a thing. Because It wasn't really a script or anything at first. And so he was like, ah, no. And I think he had something else that also was gonna happen. But yes, that was a biggie. Oh my Lord. Okay. So Veep for me is when I discover you personally, back to your compliment of Allison, it's probably the best cast of a TV ensemble Ever.


Outside of myself. I agree. Every person that pops up is a comedy 10 And everybody plays in tandem so, well it was such a lightning in a bottle, perfectly steered ship. I learned so much on the set of Veep also about how to behave on set. You know, you kinda like watch how Julia moves and you watch how Tony moves and everybody respects each other and everybody like really loves each other. And then when it comes to comedy, everybody's flowing. So when I got cast, it was supposed to be for one episode and I, remember I get to the table, read And. I was like, okay, well I'm going to really have to steal myself for when I do these lines. And like everybody's just kind of bushes through it. and I, remember I read my first line and I got a laugh and I laughed like legitimately And I was like, whoa.


So giving, I was invigorated. And then to find out that after that the process was that they put the scripts aside and then you go and you re improvise them in like the next room with the writers writing. Oh Really? Wow. And I'm like, oh this is Second city. This is my skillset. And so I was able to do that. And then on the day you get the script and the bits of the improvs in there and I'm like, I'm valued. And yeah, it was so much Fun. That's as good as it gets as an actor. You guys shot that in dc? Shot that in Baltimore. Oh in Baltimore. I joined season three. So seasons one through four were in Baltimore and then it moved to LA for a five through seven. Were you sad when it was over or you had popped and you really had some opportunities coming off of that?


So were you anxious to get to those opportunities? I would've done Veep for The rest of your life. The rest of my Life. I love that show so much. I thought we were gonna do eight. The World made it kind of hard to make a show that Lampoons and politics is like stranger than fiction. Anything you could write, There would be things and absolutely we would've filmed six months ago and then it happens. Real life. Real life a month before the show comes out. Yeah. And then they're like, oh did you write this because of this? It's like, no. Also it became a little more stressful to watch the show. Yes. 'cause it was like, this is real now. Yeah. It's not as funny because it's happening. And Idiocracy had almost the opposite trajectory, which is like, it was too fucking absurd for people to even wrap their head around then more and more it was like, oh wow.


Reality. This isn't that absurd. Reality. Reality. Okay. So after that you get to do or during that really. That's very cool that they allowed you to be a cast member full-time and do Detroiters. It worked Out very well because our writer's room for Detroiters was on the Paramount lot and that's where we shot feet. So I was able to in between scenes go sit in the room. So it kind of worked out perfectly. Okay. I think I was turned onto Detroiters because of the Dietrich F commercial. Yeah. and I'm gonna try not to make this too esoteric, Monica. Okay. I'm gonna try and I don't know if this is unique to Detroiters at camp, but you can answer me. For Atlanta, we had so many local commercials and they're such a part of Detroiters.


I was at a blackjack table in Laughlin, Nevada 20 years ago and a guy sitting next to me says he, he's from Detroiters and I said, me and dog are going down to Telegraph Road Right now. Get A good deal. And he immediately started singing that. Here dog, come on dog. Come on dog. That's great. And then Mel, far superstar. Far Better deal. Fantastic. I feel like it was a golden era of local TV spots. It Really was. And we already talked about, but they ran for my entire childhood. Always the Dietrich fur commercial.


Monica was a woman riding A horse in a fur coat. Okay. And probably nothing else. And probably nothing else. Oh. But they left it out for the imagination. Okay, Cool, cool. But she didn't have like pants on and She's like riding and it's like a kind of slow motion and it's like this person singing. Ooh, Dietrich first. Yeah. Oh wow. Very. Yeah. What's the end of that song? Ooh. Ooh d Trick first from the Dietrich family. Yeah. And then You guys really lean in. It was like, ooh, We made Devereux wigs. Dero wigs. Which again, Too If. you were in Detroiters in the nineties.


Four out of every five storefronts was a wig shop. Yes. More wigs per capita probably than any place on the planet. You Know that commercial, the grain of that thing. It was from like 1972. Yeah. It was wearing out real time. Yeah. Like when I saw it when I was six versus 14 that the film was degrading. It got harder and harder to see tv. See Impressed. These businesses are lasting many, many years. Yeah. Beach Street Fur was like 1930. You know Beach first been around for a long time Like a beaver trading company from turn of the century. And in an era where the fur was really going outta style. Yeah. Becoming less and less Double down on it. Yeah. That woman used to see very aspirational on the horse. And this Oh my God.


Just one last one I wanted to know If you had seen as a kid a bunch. We Build them big, we build Them small. We're father and son. No job. Too big. No job. Too Small. Oh, Too small. No job. Too big. No job too, too small. Small. We are father and son. We'll do it it all. Wow. Father and Son. We'll get it done for any problem you need done. No job. Too big. No job. Too small. We are father and son. Dear us a call. Boom. Wow. And that one was a cartoon and it had like two lumberjack builders and they put pieces of a house together and They build it. Oh. Yeah. God, that makes me feel so safe and Good. I loved it. I loved it so much.


Well You passed the test, you remembered the words. Oh Really good Oh. yeah. But Yeah, you ever meet someone from Detroiters, you just yell, Hey dog, and you're gonna get the rest. Come on dog right now, get a good deal. So Detroiters was just you guys doing that, doing local ads. So good. Yep. Actually in order. So I saw you in Veep, loved that. And then I started watching of course. I think you should leave. It's just the very best. It's the very, very best. It's so funny, I also love Tim and Eric so much, but somewhere on the spectrum between Tim and Eric and SART live. Tim And Eric are big influences on us. We were so into Tim and Eric and are so into Tim and Eric that DNA, you can see it.


They were somehow Parked. Heer is in, I think you should leave. And then there's a lot of nods. There's a Odenkirk scene where he is telling the kid about his cars. Get his Scar. Yeah. There's a lot of nods to all the institutions that came before. You can tell there's a lot of respect for comedy in it. Yeah. But yeah, you hosting the Little Buff Boys competition, I think it's about as good as it possibly gets. Gotta Come up. Gotta come up when the bus comes up. Come on. Lose little boys. These Buff bodies. So many of those sketches, especially my sketches are like 13 minutes long. Sure, sure. and I gets edited down to like three minutes.


Yeah. I'm really, really envious of you. And to him because to me it feels like me and my best friend Aaron Weekly, but he didn't go into show business. But like if we're together within 45 seconds, we have some joke that's annoying everybody in the room. And it's so weirdly esoteric. We have such a specific sense of humor and it's maddening to everyone else. And I'm like Oh. yeah, you got to do that professionally. Professionally. Exactly. We have to do that on the stage of Second City, but we have to do that every night. Yeah man. That's hitting the lottery right there. So Ted Lasso comes along also. I gotta throw in the after party. I say this about you all the time and this is nothing away from anyone else. You're always the best thing in anything. I see. You're always the best thing in everything We watch that you're in, we come and we agree.


And in an impossible situations You're always surrounded by incredible people too. But yeah, Tiffany Pop Haddish and I. Baren Holtz in the after party. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If. you dare.


We are supported by Ollie. I love Ollie. I use their sleep gummies. They're So good. I Don't sleep well. Yeah, me either. But can I tell you something? They're so good that I look forward to to eating them. I know they're like a treat. They're like they're a treat right before bed. I can't tell you how much I like 'em during the back to school season. Ollie's got us covered. Ollie's Sleep gummies can help the family get the rest they need. Their probiotics can keep gut health in check and their hello, happy and goodbye. Stress gummies can lift the mood. Buy three and get one free with Code bundle twenty4@olly.com. That's OLL y.com.


We are supported by ikea. You know I was just in Scandinavia, Monica. Yes, You were home of Ikea and I was on Keen alert to see some native ikea's and I did. Wow. I think we have the biggest Ikea in the world. You do in Burbank. I think so. It is a monster. You know what's better than a pretty good night out? A really, really good night in, you know those golden moments that come around once in a while when you finally feel you can say no to plans and yes to staying at home and chilling out. It's the best. Trust me, I know. And so does Ikea. They've got what you need to design a bedroom. You'll never wanna leave. In fact, they've got a whole system for it. See they believe in six sleep essentials sound like air quality, room style and furnishings and temperature. So of course they've got a solution for each one. That'll work for your taste. And as always, IKEA prides itself on providing high quality solutions at an affordable price with options for every kind of budget. So what are you waiting for? Go ahead and experience the joy of missing out. Get your Sleep Essentials in store or online@ikeausa.com slash sleep with pickup and delivery options. Click or tap the banner to shop now and sleep better with ikea.


We are supported by Chase Sapphire Reserve. There's one essential thing you need to bring whenever you travel. And I'm not talking about packing extra socks or a mini first aid kit. I'm talking about the Chase Sapphire reserve card. It was made to help you get more. Wherever you go, you'll learn three times the points on travel purchases and receive a $300 travel credit. Plus you'll get access to Sapphire's Airport Lounge Network. Boom. It has exactly what you need to relax and refresh before your trip. If, you wanna make the most of your travels, this is how you do it. Learn more at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Subject to credit approval Terms apply.


So Ted Lasso, how did that come about? And that ends up getting you nominated twice for Emmy's and then winning One. So Joe Kelly co-created Detroiters with me and Tim. And Zach Cannon and Jason Sudeikis was an executive producer of Detroiters. Oh he was? Yeah. Oh I didn't know that. Yeah, in fact Jason was like, you and Tim need to do a show and Had Tim met him at SNL. So we met him because he would come through Second City. He's a Second City alumni. So he would come and like play the sets and those who we would improvise with him. So then when Tim went to SNL, that's how Tim met Joe and I had met Joe. When I came out to la, Joe and Jason worked together at Second City, Las Vegas. The camp was made that way.


So when we made Detroiters, it was Tim and Zach who they become writing partners at SNL and Joe who was also at SNL at that time and me. So that's gotta be a show about the two of them. And we're like, it's gotta be about Detroiters. So you make the show. So years later Joe Co-create Ted Lasso with Jason and Bill and Brendan Hunt. I didn't know Bill at that time. Oh well actually And we're saying Bill Lawrence. Bill Lawrence, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Bill was a fan of Veep. Kind of a little bit of follow and yeah He's good at DM and people that And DM for me, I'm like, oh my goodness, that's wild Scrubs is like one of my all times. I remember watching Ted Lasso the first season because it was mid pandemic. And I was like, I gotta see my homies show.


And I'm watching it and I'm like, this is so wonderful. And then I'm like, what can this character Sam Messiah, text Joe? I'm like, is Sam me? And he is like, of course buddy. oh Yeah. So they planted the seed before they hired you before And Jason was always like, oh wouldn't you do something Ghanaian? I'm like, yeah, I'll find the thing. They sent the character, it was like written for me, which is also something that was different than anything I'd done before. Accent excluded. He was like able to be charming and then like mean And you have all the status And highest status. Not give handshakes. And I was like, oh but it's all in charm. But playing with that status the whole time, very aware of it. But then like trying to act like it's not a thing. I love it.


And the accent you must have grown up imitating mom. Yeah, Exactly. All my Ghana and family and what I was trying to do with that accent. Even people I know in Ghana who are like very wealthy and England educated to have that sort of English accent on the Ghanaian accent. Just also trying to be somebody. So that was like a fun layer to get to put on top of that. By the way, when you were younger and you were in Ghana, would you affected that accent a bit more while you were there? That's How you hear everything. Or even just like words that aren't the same. So instead of saying soft drink or pop or whatever, you say mineral. Can I have mineral? It's like a mineral water, which means soft drink. Let me half mineral. Was it fun winning an Emmy? I didn't expect to win it. So when you won you had written so, but you're like, I'm gonna write this but I'm not gonna say this.


Say it in my pocket. Even for superstition. But that was even going through superstition, And I was like, is writing it what makes me not win it? You Know? Yeah, of course. It's hard to know what the gods want. Exactly. It's like you gotta be humble enough to win it. Exactly. Which means if you're super humble, you wouldn't write it. But then you gotta write it. You Gotta write it so that you're not up there being like, huh, I didn't write it. Didn't wanna be anyway. Asshole I lose out there. Yeah. Tim won an Emmy the year before for I think you should leave. We see at different tables. I see a piece of paper on the floor and I'm like, I'm just gonna grab that. And it's Tim's speech. What? And I'm like, Tim, is this yours? He like, yes. He would have been in so much trouble. But I am the one who finds that speech. Yeah.


No. and I know his hand handwriting. That's very, it was very wild. No. And you're both there. And We're both there. And so then this time Tim also wins his Emmy. So we have to win our Emmys the same day. Oh as well. I pretty wild. This is, I think you guys should get married. You know I want the option. Okay. Sausage. Party. I have to say I didn't see the movie, but I've watched the TV show at first it starts, I'm always looking, our kids are nine and 11 and they're starting to really come online. They just completely binged Brooklyn. Nine. Nine, the entire thing. They love Kir your enthusiasm. So it starts and I'm like, yeah, this is gonna be a fun cartoon for us.


That was Fun. No. And Then all the food starts fucking each other. Yes. It was naughty. And they fuck each other forever. Forever. Forever. I can't believe how much of the animation budget is probably funneled just into the fucking, because it's the most complicated animation they have is all this. Yeah. Groin rubbing. So Groin rubbing is like so much specific motions. Yeah. There's no like set assets. They don't just replicate the fucking No. Each one is individual. Fucking It creative. Had you seen the movie I had? I saw the movie in theaters when it came out. This was eight years ago and I loved it. And you play an orange? Yeah, I play a megalomaniac orange named Julius.


The reason why he's an orange isn't to parallel a real life dictator, but it's because oranges have anuses. Oh is 'cause The name Open Orange looks like a big old butthole. Sure. It does Like a prolapse. Like a prolapse anus. And when We meet you, you're getting your salad toss. Exactly. Oh wow. Yeah. It's right off the bat. Good intro. Yeah. Your first line is while getting your, this Is getting fully rimmed. Oh my god. What's it on? Amazon Prime. Okay. Wow. Yeah. Good for Amazon. Yeah. You're Curving on a really great voiceover career. I just really love animation and I love voiceover. Yeah. It's kind of as close as you can get to doing sketch without seeming so broad and terrible as an actor.


It's like where you can let that loose. Maybe You just do the biggest thing. It's countered by just the imagination of whatever the look of the animation is. I truly love it. So any opportunity I get, I wanna do it. I wanna do it. Well it Must be fun. I'm envious of this. There's debate on whether do I wanna say jealous or envious? I want you to have all this. Okay. Yes. So I don't want you to not have it. Yes. But you are a comedian's comedian. You're someone all comedians alike. So I imagine you keep getting invited into these camps. So it's like now you're invited into CES camp and is that radical? I Love all the stuff that he does. Like I did the movie Good Boys. It's a cool camp to be in. 'cause funny people who make funny things and are cool, genuine people.


That's who you want to hang out with and who you wanna like collaborate with. Yeah. I think the comedy is almost even second as impressive as the work ethic and output of him. There's been only a handful of people who had all the different assets. Yep. The output is phenomenal. It's staggering. It's staggering. And Then he is a full-time potter as well. He's a Full-time potter and there's a full-time pottery business. Yeah. Boy he really counters the stereotype of a stoner. Yeah. Affable, funny stoner who worked so hard and like has his hands in so many different pots. Pun Literally. Yeah. Three ways. Pottery, marijuana pot.


Yep. And Business pot. And business pots. It's rare. You get a triple pun. Congrats. Very rare. I'm very proud of it. I'm very, very Proud of it. I didn't bring a plaque for me. Next you're in the new Star Trek. The new Star Trek. So section 31 it says Star Trek movie. Had a really great time. I'm a Star Trek fan my whole life, so I know every iteration of it. The motion pictures, the Shatner movies. Sure, sure, Sure. Picard Movies. I didn't watch the TV show, but I gotta say I loved the Chris Pine version. Love the JJ Abram. The JJ Abrams 2009, as we call it. Look at that. You know, in a weird way too, it's also a little bit of a financial safety net because you do one of these and worst case scenario you can go to these conventions the rest of your life.


Exactly. That's true. Very smart. They already wrapped it. Can I get in there I Am Might sign in a couple head shots down the road. Who do you play in that? So I play a physicist Shapeshifter, what's called a camelo. This is the second time there's ever been a camelo in Star Trek. And the first time was Iman in Star Trek six. Oh wow. Cool. They only do supermodels. That's what I'm saying. That's right. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It's actually very funny with Iman. It's like this is a shapeshifter. You wanna like look good. Yeah. I'm making myself Iman. For me it's like I wanna look good. I'm gonna make myself Sam Richardson. I'm like accept it point. That's right. You take that In. Well Sam, it's so delightful.


I thought it would be just like this favorite ride at Cedar Point. Not the demon drop. I'd be lying. Is the Magnum Magnum Max J two 20? Yes Sir. I did the demon drop one time in my life and I'll never do it again. Did you put a quarter on your knee? I didn't. You didn't. Too Scared. Describe them both. The demon drop is literally just like a free fall drop. They Bring you up a few hundred feet in the air and then it just falls. Yeah. And If, you put a quarter in your knee cap. It'll come up in the air. Yes. And spin and I think that was in the commercial? I think so. I think they're everywhere. Yeah. But we'll pretend it only exists here. Kinda acrophobia because of the age gap. For me it'll always be the Gemini. Well The Gemini. I love Gemini. Best rollercoaster would Be rollercoaster. Oh. yeah. But it's just a little too too many sounds. That thing makes too much noise. The best Thing about the Gemini is you're in line for a while, it's a hit ride.


Sure. And you're staring at and it is an enormous wood rollercoaster. You're hearing all this creaking and you're staring at the wood and you're like, those are pretty thin pieces of wood. Yeah. It's doing a lot of the work of the ride for you. Yeah. Getting you scared of the structural integrity before you get on. But only to be way suppressed by this silver millennium choice. Which is Oh, so truly dangerous. You could fly right out. That one they never updated the restrain system. Sticky Things. Oh my God. You get air, like you go over a hill and And Your feet or your butt is like, Yeah. Way off. And it's not even a great rollercoaster, but you're not in there. You're basically just sitting on a bleacher. Is Magnum does go upside down. Are you guys upside down roller coaster? Yes. But that wasn't its primary selling point. Yeah.


The primary selling point was at the time it was built. It was the tallest free fall and it went the fastest and it went the fastest. Okay. Okay. And they held that record for a few And I think they beat it with the Millennium Force. Then that one people were like passing out. It was like so fast. Okay. As it should be. You know, There should always be a couple rides there that can hurt you. Yeah, exactly. Keep everyone gotta, You gotta respect the world. Did you ever go in matching outfits with a girlfriend? I didn't. I wouldn't match T-shirts with groups. Like with family members. I wish I had. I know. I always saw those couples and I was pretty jealous. I didn't put it together, but I was there on the prowl. Yeah. You Knew a whole better place. Oh. yeah. And Cedar Point. You're in that line forever and you're like peeping babes.


And then you're gonna cross. You're in love with that babe for like 15 minutes. And then you see another babe and then you're in love with over 12. Yeah. Fuck. I picked out my babe too soon. Oh, Sorry. Sorry babe. I can't. I gotta move on. I gotta move On to this other babe in my mind that I'll never say hi to The whole world with What a time to the instant. Okay, well I'm gonna land this plane, but I just hope we're somehow in Michigan together at some Point. Yeah, I hope So. That could be so fun. I really want to go to Cedar Point. I wanna take my kids. I want to also, I haven't been in forever and I just need to go. Well listen, if we plan a trip, 'cause my other thing was we didn't have any money. So you would drive there in the morning, then you'd drive home at night. Yeah. And that drive home was perilous. My grandpa was rubbing, spitting his eyes to stay away.


He's guzzling coffee. Oh my God. And hitting the shoulder occasionally. It was a long day for the grandparents. Yeah. Oh, I Bet. and I always wanna stay at one of those hotels. Yeah, me too. And I. Want to go, Sam? I don't wanna get the biggest room in Sandusky. oh Yeah. Don't you want to go go big time out There? Exactly. Just really just fucking Play all the games. Show 'em Rockefeller style. Yeah. Gimme the pass. Or wear matching outfits. I'm Truly all For it. Me too. You and your girl. Kristen and I. All four of us. Four matching outfits. Fuck. All right. I'm putting this on the like sincere need to make it happen in my lifetime. Absolutely. I'm In. Alright, well Sam, this has been great. Everyone watch Sausage, Party, Foodtopia.


I feel like the, It's shaking. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What's going with? I Felt like the shaking. Yeah. Right. It was right. It's shaking. Yeah. It could be any number of things. It could be an earthquake. It could be the construction that's happening us. Yes. Could be. We're on a fault line. I know California. So sorry. Sausage. Party. Foodtopia on Amazon Prime Now Sam, come back. You're gonna mean a thousand more funny things that you'll be the best thing in. And we'll want to talk to you again. I'll come back anytime. Alright. Be well. Thank you. Stay Tuned for the fact check so you can hear all the facts that were wrong. Oh, pajamas. Like a grandpa. Grand Pajam.


Gran Grand Pajam Grammys. But then that's confusing. Yeah. Gr jammas. Gr s. Yeah. 'cause you don't like pianos, right? Because it's, it reminds you it's triggering. It's Spanish. What? It's Spanish. Well I thought maybe it specifically reminded you of Of What? The The nighttime, the sleep nurse. Oh yeah. Because She said pianos. Ew. I hate Her. Do you think that was it though? Is that what was No, I didn't know that she said that. Speaking of Spanish speaking. I'm reading a beautiful book right now. I think you might really like it.


Oh, What is it? It's called The World I see by Dr. I think Fife Lee. E-I-F-E-I. Lee. She's a professor. She had to testify in front of Congress about ai. She's like a genius professor. Yeah. But also came here from China in 11th grade. So the book is like her personal story paired with like what she learned about Oh cool. Computer science. So beautifully written. Mm. And the people that come here and cannot speak I know. And get dropped into high school. I know. and I not know if it's us have ever overcome some like I'm whining about dyslexia. Like holy shit If.


you can survive that. Yeah, I know. Yeah. And she saw some really rough stuff. Like People are mean to her. Well there's like an ESL class she's in and like some boy just brushes some other boy's backpack, like barely nothing. And the guy explodes and like beats him up really bad in front of everybody and there's blood everywhere. And she's like, but beating was one thing. But how his spirit was broken after that. It's just so crushing. People Are so mean to other people. I know. Well it's like chimp crazy. You Watched It. Have you started it? No. Oh my lord. We had a guest on who suggested this And you freaked out.


Yeah. Easter egg upcoming guest said, are you watching Chimp? Crazy? And it's insane. I wasn't, well I just didn't know. But anything labeled Chimp, I'm gonna watch. Yeah, you're in. But for anyone who's unaware of it, it is by the filmmaker who made Tiger King. And it's, it's the same shit. It's the same. These people who want wild animals. I know there's a type, but, so then of course this guest who suggested it, I text her saying like, holy smokes, are you right that, that's so good. And then she sent me an article in the New York magazine about a completely different story of this woman who got a young champ. They had him for five years. He was great. Everyone in town loved him.


The cops loved him. He was a sweetheart. And then he became sexually mature. Oh no. And you know what it says in this article? How many times do you think male chimps have sex in a day in the wild? You know, real guess. And I'll tell you what my, my guess was 14. I would've guessed five to 10. Okay. And they're only awake for 12 hours. Sure. A male chimp has sex 50 times a day. Ew. Monica Fi. This is an animal that's designed to have sex 50 times a day. And that's living in a household with humans. And then the, the New York magazine article is fascinating. Lemme see if I can give you the title of it. Travis the Menace.


Oh, he was the most famous ape in America. But to really understand a chimp, you have to know his mother. Ooh, what did the mother do? Really fascinating story. This woman, I think born in the thirties in Connecticut has one husband. They get divorced, meets another guy. They build these businesses together. They become pretty wealthy. They buy a big compound. They're into horses. She starts riding horses. She has a daughter, she loves her daughter. They're out. And they go to some rodeo show in another part of the country to do their barrel racing. And they see a chimp riding a a, a horse. And they really like the chimp. And then she kind of bonds with the chimp and then the chimp's in the middle of his horse routine.


And he jumps off his horse and then runs and jumps on her in the audience and gives her a hug and then runs back. Because she gave him a gummy bear. Oh yeah. So then she contacted ding, ding, ding, the same woman. This doc is about Oh, in the, this is in the, I don't know, I don't know what year this is. Maybe eighties or something. And she gets Travis this chimp and she has this very, very close relationship with her daughter too. And then the daughter, oh it's, she gets the chimp when her daughter leaves, she meets a man and moves away and it kind of heart. It's heartbreaking to her. Yeah. And then I don't wanna ruin the story 'cause it's a twisty and turning and incredible story. But it is both about chimps. But also what you can take from this article is like, life is weirdly long.


It's short, but it's long. It's like you can be on top of the mountain and they have the business and then, and then your daughter leaves and then this person in your life dies and this person gets cancer. Yeah. And then you can just be like, you can be at the lowest point after achieving quote safety. Right. Yeah. And you can be at your darkest hour and then you can get desperate and you can make weird decisions. And then there can be another upswing. You know? And then there's this creature they're dealing with this creature. It's, it's just wild. And life. Life is precarious. It is. It is. There are car accidents and there are these, you know, there are, I know cancers and there's all this stuff. Yeah. Yeah. It's just very precarious and I. Guess when I was reading And I was like, man, when the sun's out, you just gotta really fucking embrace it and enjoy it.


I agree. I was listening to Nobody's listening. Right. My favorite podcast, Elizabeth and Andy. And they were kind of just talking about this too. Elizabeth saw a picture. It's a picture. It's like from the maybe nineties, I guess it's a courtroom and it's husband and wife. And they're sorting out Beanie Babies. Oh my God. They're getting divorced and dividing up their collection. The Beanie Babies. Yes. And, but it's clear at that time like they thought this was a fortune and so Oh. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They're like, you know, so intense and struggling and spending all this time and energy and effort and money and lawyers Exactly.


To figure out how to separate these beanie babies. Yeah. And there were nothing. Yeah. Now they're Nothing. And they're nothing. And it's, it is such a good metaphor for everything. It's like, it's nothing. Yeah. The value you place on everything and, and you buy In. There's only a few things that are really worth something. And those are relationships. Yeah. But other than that, like it's all crap. Like it doesn't, it all amounts to nothing when you're dead. We're really Easter egg, this future guest, because she brought up the chimps and then we also got into this a lot. It's just really a profound moment when you look at someone's collection of things and they're no longer there to provide the value that they have without them.


They're just objects that'll get moved to a Dump. Well that's like on the positive end of it, that's like the line in air. Okay. When they say a shoe's, just a shoe until someone steps in it. Oh, Michael Jordan. Okay. I, IE Michael Jordan. Yeah. That's what the movie's about. So I cannot wait. You know, it's good. An, well, let me ask you this. Do you like when you can get everything at once? Or you when They do? Oh, a week to week. Oh, I think there's pros and cons to both. Well, ding, ding, ding to our last fact check about delayed gratification. Yes. I like it all. Yeah. But then I, it is nice to have to wait.


I know. 'cause like now I'm really excited for Sunday. Yeah. 'cause the New Chimp episode comes up. It's to Look forward to something. I think the sweet spot is to jump in halfway through a season. Yeah. So you can binge the first few and then wait season. Yeah. Yeah. That's smart. Weighty. Wait. But then it's like, remember when we were watching Ding ding, ding. The last dance. Oh, Cedars is calling me Pin. Same. Oh, okay. You too. I Talked to him last night. Oh, you talked to him last night? Yeah, for like an hour. Okay. That's my pin. So we'll circle back to that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because on the last dance and we were watching, we thought there were more.


Mm. Remember then it turned into week to week. Right. And that was horrible. But gray. No. Oh, okay. That's in the, it was A tantrum. Okay. Okay. So yeah. So Dr. Richard Isaacson, who we have had on Yeah. The show. Go back and listen. That's when we got our blood drawn. We did a whole thing. He's lovely. Yeah. We said he was very playful. Which he is. He is. Yeah. He's a preventative neurologist. And so he took, you know, he did all these tests, they sent him all out and then he's been in touch about our results and what we need to look into further. And yeah. So he called me a couple days ago and told me my heart's gonna explode at any moment.


I doubt those were his exact words. He did not say that. He did not say that. But there's some unnerving cholesterol stuff, which By the way isn't terribly new. We were talking about your cholesterol three years ago. Yeah. But he's shocked at the lack of, based on what he's seeing. Intervention. Yeah. Have you were advised to go on a Stanton though? You had to have been. No. No you Weren't. No. They're just like, you know, keep an eye on it. Okay. And that, yeah. He's surprised by that. And he's hooking me up quickly with a preventative cardiologist to go and like, look, this is great. Look into all this much further.


Yeah. 'cause you're, I mean you're 36 today, but really at the time of this era, you're 37. Happy birthday again. That's, thank you. Great time to look into it. Plenty of time. Yeah. Yeah. It seemed well I'd rather be getting this news if I were you now than at 49. Well, yeah. It seems like I'll be dead if I don't, based on the, the urgency. I'm mean. I'm kidding. Sort of. You know, he's done all this research. It's so nice. I can't believe I can't either. How kind it is. He's Generous. So generous. He's such a busy man. And he like, he's spending a lot of time. Yeah. On all of us it sounds like. But he doesn't know a preventative cardiologist.


He was just like, let's find one. Basically. So then he was just googling Cold calling. Yeah. And then he emailed this person and like gave the rundown and then they said they would see me. He was like, that's nice. It is. But then he was like, and maybe you should look at some backups, but in case it takes a long time for them to see you. And I'm like, how bad is this? I didn't ask that. Which I probably should. He said he, he said not to worry about this, not to freak out, but there is also some like pre, pre pre-diabetes things he's seeing. Well That makes sense. 'cause of the family. It's all connected. Exactly. History. It's all Connected. It's all fine. But you know, you Know what a thought I had?


What? I'm like, what if he's never taken an Indian's blood and like what if these markers are just standard for the Indian population. My mom doesn't have it. She doesn't have any of these. She doesn't have high cholesterol. Only. My dad looks like I got a lot of his jeans. Well I'll say I am like him Knew that I knew that before. Yeah. So any who? I'll keep everyone updated on that on my heart. Okay. If it explodes. I had a great, I've, I've had a great life. I really have. I've had such a good life. Yeah. And you know, 37. It's pretty good. Not Too Bad.


If. you were born in the 13 hundreds. You not too bad. Pretty average. Okay. So you're speaking to him today too? Yeah. Yeah. He wants to talk to me about some findings. Oh, I wonder what he found. Yeah. I'll find out it too. I guess. Tell me what He Says. I will. I will. What did he say about you? He said I was pretty boring in my results. But my omega threes were the worst. Almost out of anyone that took the study. But that's easy. You just take a pill. A pill and fish once a week. Oh. Oh. Do you eat a week? Eat lot of fish. Eat. I don't eat a lot of fish. Really? Only at like a restaurant. I'll eat. He said take a pill and fish once a week. Well if that's good ex. Actually it's Probably not good exercise.


It's not great exercise man. And he wants me to change my exercise routine. Zone two. I mostly only do high intensity. Yeah. And he wants me to do Less. Hold on a second. This is a news break for me. Breaking news. You, you exercise? Yeah. I do the Peloton. Like an hour a day. You do five to six days a week. No, when did this start? Two years ago. You are so secretive. Monica and I would've been blabbing about that. A peloton. If we were doing the Peloton five days a week for an hour a day, we would be, we'd be so proud of ourselves. We'd be blabbing. Well, unless, I mean, only if drama happens, like people are Won't get outta your way in your pills. Yeah. The Peloton and you're like, oh fuck, I don't know what to do.


He has me do less of that and do too low intensity and two strength training days. Yeah. He's so into strength training. He said the same to me. He said I'm under muscle. Yeah. Which obviously I don't do any strength training. Right. But I made an appointment with the trainer. You did? Yes. I'm gonna start doing it when we get back from New York. Oh good. A few days a week. You're gonna like it. No, I'm really pissed. Oh. But it's fine. I guess I gotta do it. Trust me, I have been under muscled and overused and it physically feels really good. I like how it feels for your, your skeletal system. Like, so there's something about having that muscle that keeps your, oh, let's just say this.


I, my posture was way worse when I had less muscle. Yeah. I had more pains when I had less muscle. Like I just have noticed that physically makes me feel a lot better when I have more muscle mass. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean there's no getting around it. We've had a million people say, especially for women, that it's really important to do. Yeah. It's pretty unrefuted at this point. So. So year Seven we're gonna do it. You and me. Yeah, We'll do it. Oh, I know what I wanna say. I read this yesterday that Alex Cooper did you read this? Got $125 million deal with Serious and I Wanna say publicly fucking go get it girl. Wow. I'm so happy for her.


Get what a fucking awesome. Just make your shit. Yeah. Build your thing. She did it. It's fucking awesome. That's really cool. I couldn't be happier for her. That's so cool. Blew the boys away. I love it. Yeah. That's really cool. Yeah. Good for her. We like to hear that. Alright, well let's get into it. You got a lunch and I got a Santa Monica. That's much later, but Still what time? Four. But that was intentional, right? 'cause you like to spend the evening there. Yeah, it was on purpose. Now you regret it. I Regret it a little bit. Oh But that's okay. I'll figure it Out. Did you have a, do you have a rough night's sleep? No. Okay.


Don't a Oh stop. Don't act like I am crazy for that response. Anyone who says did you have a rough night's Sleepy. I know what you're saying. That you're, you are grumpy. Yeah. You're saying that and I that you act shocked that I have this reaction That feels gaslighting. Really? I think it feels generous. 'cause I don't think you're a grumpy person. And so my guess is something happened and you're grumpy and don't wanna go to Santa Monica at four anymore. Well, so my hunch is Santa Monica. Well you made the appointment at the time. You made it. You were excited and that seemed like the right move. And then now you don't want to do that. So I'm like, Because You might have had a bad night's sleep.


No, because I was generous. Okay. Well that's not how I took it. Okay. Also, the reason I was excited to, or I was happy to do it at four is 'cause normally Molly and I hang out. Yeah. But she's coming back from Hawaii and won't be back until late. Okay. So now I'm just gonna be stuck there for four hours and that's now why I regret it. Gotcha. There, there's reasoning behind it. Okay. and I don't really have any other friends in Santa Monica. Well you can't Exactly. It's like having a friend in Nevada. Although I, I saw my friend from Santa Monica yesterday, but he made the effort. The Castro drove out after he dropped his baby off at school. That's nice. And we did a hike.


Fun. Yeah. I'm a little mad at him. Oh, Why? Because when he arrived he said, oh my God, I haven't worked out. And I think he said a year. Wow. For people who don't remember, Steve DeCastro is a stunt man. Extraordinary. One of, one of my great friends. And he also stunt coordinated two of the movies I did. He also did some second unit directing on chips. He's lovely dude. Juujitsu black belt. Yeah. He said he hasn't worked out. He goes and I haven't, I haven't done cardio in like a year. Wow. So I'm almost thinking like this is gonna a rough hike. Like I'm gonna have to be going so slow. So I go on, I'm gonna throw on my ruck sack and he goes, yeah, get, do something. Weight yourself down 'cause I don't want you to kill me. Ah. And then we, we hiked and he chatted the whole time.


You know, it's very hard to chat when you're hiking. Yeah. He was completely fine. And I was like, you're panting for the extra. That wasn't panting, but there wasn't much of a gap between our, mind you, I haven't hiked either since we went away this summer. Okay. He's been so hot. Regardless. I was like this. He's a physical phenom, I guess. He always has been. Like he just, he hasn't worked out in a year and then he fucking hiked up and he was chatting the whole time and we were going at a pretty good pace and he was completely fine. I don't even think he was sweating. Wow. Yeah. So fuck you. Congratulations Alex Cooper and fuck you, Steve DeCastro. Wow. Wow. Wow. I wonder how his cholesterol is. He's probably smart enough to have never checked. What you don't know can't hurt you. I think this is, That's what they say.


Mm. Okay. So this is for Sam. Richardson. Mm. Funny man. Funny. The jewel of Detroiters. Well, Chuck Woolery and then him. Okay. Yeah. And some other people. Yeah. Jeff s Jeff Daniels. Bob. Yeah. We talked about all these people. Yeah. We talked about Cedar Point. My God. Are you a really quick Yeah. Does, are you a little bit curious to go just 'cause you have to admit of any topic that comes up, the people that go have gone there, they can't shut up about it. Right. It's like the funniest thing. Like, I know it's annoying to you, but it's also pretty comedic. It's the same reaction every time that people go through the same list of rollercoasters. It is. It is.


It would be like if every time a certain restaurant came up in New York, everyone went on about it for 15 minutes and be like, I've got to try that restaurant and I guess. I'm curious, does it not elicit that? It doesn't. Yeah. Because this is really what it does. Okay. I feel like that, that you're gonna be so mad. But I, I feel that our Six Flags over Georgia was that and so like that is what happens. If, you talk to people who, who went there. Well, counterpoint. We've had a lot of people from Georgia on this show and you guys have talked about Atlanta and Georgia and it's never come up. But I don't bring it up.


I don't say have been. Right. You May don't been To Six Flags normally. Let's be honest and truthful. Normally you say, have you been to Cedar Point? And that's what kicks off The love affair conversations. Perhaps. I've never done that. I have. I can. I'm not gonna go back and listen and there's a hundred at this point conversations about Cedar Point. Again, I gotta, I'm I Congratulations. Alex Cooper Oh. yeah. Fuck you to Castro and fuck you. Cedar Point, oh My God. Turn the amount, the amount that I publicized Cedar Point. And they have not reached out to gimme free passes for my family. 'cause I'm struggling. Yeah.


Because I'm you. Because I'm Don't deserve free passes every time you go on. Now you say you wanna go and you wanna take a private jet there. That's my new thing. Which by the way, I'm, you acting Crazy. Never. Your feet are not on the ground anymore. I'm not going to ever do that. It's just a funny fantasy. In fact, it's more fun to have that fantasy than it would be to do that Obviously. Because I'd be on the plane, be like, this is a waste of money. I mean This is insane. Yeah. But that insane. So stupid. Oh it Is. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I Mean, but if it was real, If it was real, but But the fantasy of it is fantastic. Like maybe even wear a suit on the way there. Yeah. I mean, sure. David Letterman would be so mad. If you did that because I wore a suit for that and I not his dinner party.


Oh right, right. That's so rude. It's so rude. Anyway, I'm not gonna do it, but I might do it. Okay. I have to say, I might do it so that the fantasy works. I Get it. I get it. Yeah. You can't say like if I win the lottery, but you don't buy a lottery ticket, you still gotta buy the lottery Ticket. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. But making it clear. I don't think you should get free tickets. I think they should save the free tickets for a child in need orphans. Need a child orphans or a chest in Need. Yeah. Or let's get the orphans. Yeah, they might. They might already do that. Yeah. I hope they probably don't. Well, But they Might. The orphans aren't well organized as a like voting block.


That's the problem. I know. They need better Representation. This is like the foster care that you said you were gonna take on as your, cause I know. How far are you Really throwing daggers? It's got very cruel. Okay. But let me tell you something. Six Flags was so fun. Yeah. Tell me about it. What was the best ride? Well, Batman was my favorite. Okay. Well you know why I'm saying. Okay. 'cause they have that at this Six Flags. It's different. They Have Superman and Batman. No. Yes, they have Both. That is so different. I guarantee. Do they have, what's it called?


Raging Bull? No. No. Riddler's Revenge. No. Do they have the Viper? Yeah. No they Don't. Yes. They do They have the Viper that goes one way and then circles back other way. Do you other, I'm gonna read you the list of rollercoasters. Does that the, I think Chicago had that Flag. Do they have the Georgia coaster? Six Flags is McDonald's Cedar Point's is Emmy Burger. Oh, gross. So you know what'd be funny is I don't get free tickets from Cedar Point, but I get a cease and I love McDonald's. Cease and desist. I do too. I love it so much. I love it. I have cease and desist From who? From Six Flags. So what would be funny is I don't get any free passes from Cedar Point, but I do get sued by, for defamation for Six Flags. They don't need to because I am here to stick up for Six Flags.


It's flag. Everyone should go to the great established flag. But I do want to get the list of Coasts. Six Flags. What's it even called? This one? You have American Eagle. That's Magic Mountain. Not the same as Six Flags over Georgia. No, I know. Did you have the American Eagle at the Georgia? One of that was the big Chicago ride. Of Course. No, we didn't have that. That one's cool. That's the one that's in vacation. That's the white wooden one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's like the Gemini at Cedar Point. Best amusement park in the world. Oh, I'm so annoyed. We're still talking about this. Okay, let me look at Six Flags over Georgia. All rides. Ooh. First one that comes up. Batman. Okay. Here's you. You wanna hear what they have there? Yeah. They have the Riddler's Revenge. Okay.


Tattoo Wonder Woman. Okay. Twisted Colossus. Six Flags. That's the Great American, I think. I think they call it Colossus at Magic Mountain. Yeah, I think so. New Revolution. Superman. Viper Apocalypse Batman. Magic flyer. Gold Rusher. Full throttle. Roadrunner Express Gold Rusher. Again. I already read that one. But they separated it. One was a compound word in this one. Separated Goliath Scream X two. Canyon Blaster. Cyclone Ninja. Oh, green Lantern Goliath.


Flashback Canyon Blaster. Okay. What was the Ridler one? Riddler's Revenge. Okay. So these are all different because we have Batman the Ride. We have Acrophobia. That was a huge ride. So Apocalypse. Scary Apocalypse. Well they got one here called Apocalypse. No, We don't have That. Just the like drop one. Oh, like the demon drop. Exactly. That's my whole point. That they're all the same. Yes. That what's at Cedar Point is at Six Flags. How dare you. Okay. And you've also said it about Rob Six Flags.


Yeah. That's like this at Cedar Point. It's all the same. Well, I mean the joke's on me 'cause Six Flags bought Cedar Point. You know that, right? I didn't. That just Happened. You've Been keeping that silent. It's very new. Wow. You know What? And certainly now they're not gonna send me free tickets. Okay. You know what? You know what? Six Flags, magic Mountain or whatever. It doesn't have Georgia Scorcher. Yeah. Doesn't have that. That'd Be crazy. That was, That was the one A great Ride. What happens there? Is it metal? Is it steel? You Put your feet to the fire.


It's upside down Some. They're all, so many are upside down. I don't care about upside down if I'm being honest. I love upside down. Yeah, you, Yeah, I used to. I mean, I probably don't have any anymore. Oh, I would fuck you up. Yeah. Probably. You know, you remember my story with Carly? Yeah. Yeah. You both talked. Oh, interesting. It was just the anniversary of that terrible day. 'cause her birthday was two days ago. Oh. yeah. And we rode out there on the Harley. We were gonna have the best day of our lives. Took one ride and we had to sit on the grass for like an hour and a half. 'cause we were so sick. And then finally we got back on the motorcycle and drove home. Defeated. It was, that's what a Disaster. That is a disaster. It's embarrassing. Really embarrassed.


Also, we had the Scream machine. That was huge. That was probably like your Yeah. The Great American Scream Machine was, it looks just like the American Eagle. Okay. And then like the one you had at Cedar Point. No. Yeah. You already told him that. That it was No, The Gemini greatest rollercoaster in the history of Rollercoaster. Yeah. So anyway, I think it's, it's a little like it. Hate to say it, it's a little like Little Brother Energy. What is Cedar Point? Little Brother Energy? Whatcha talking about? Yeah, we gotta talk About it. We gotta talk about Cedar Point all the time. Oh wow. Because it's like also, is Little Brother Energy a thing or did you just invent it? I invented it. Is It a hashtag?


Like this bird Rhode Island episode? Oh. Because I think Rhode Island has Little Brother Energy. And I am I'm really grossed out by Little Brother Energy. You are I am. You must be grossed out by me because I'm a little brother. No, it's not. I'm a baby little brother. Ew. I'm a baby Eva. It Doesn't. It's your baby. Eva Dax. Hi David. Can we go to Cedar Point? Oh my God. It's a baby brother. Oh, that's cute. Listen, it's, it's Not. I'm 49 now. It's still your baby brother. Oh my God. It doesn't actually equate to if you're a baby brother, our little brother.


Okay. It's an energy. Beta energy is what you're talking about. I think It's not, it's a proving yourself energy. And it's amp. Okay. Like my brother's a little brother, but he has zero little brother energy. Oh. Can give a fuck. Okay. He does not wanna, he has no LBE. Yep. Anyway. Well, so let's see. Okay, so the Scoville scale. Yeah, we talked about that for a second. People know this probably, but it's, it's a measurement of pungency spiciness or heat. Heat of chili peppers and other substances. This isn't gonna shock you, but I don't fully embrace the Scoville system.


Why? Because I've done hot ones. Right. I've also gotten like Carolina Reaper, I've gotten the chips that are this. Yeah. And so often I'm like, well that's interesting. The one that was half on the school system was hotter and everyone agrees. Yeah. So like, this is really weird that everyone agree. Oh, that that second to last one's the hottest on hot ones yet it's like a, you know, a 500,000 less on the skull. and I'm like, so I guess in my experience it's not, Well he says the, the host of Hot ones, he's so cool. He is the greatest. We should, we should have him off. Definitely. Sean Evans, Sean Evans, Sean, the host of Hot Ones says it's actually because it hits in different parts of the mouth and throat and stuff.


So sometimes even if it's less the place it hits. Yeah. Your body reacts more intensely to it. Exactly. Like I do believe there is some chemical they mix with this thing that re produces a metric. Yeah. and I do believe that is all correct. But I don't know that that chemical compound they use to evaluate it is perfectly paralleling the human experience with it. Yeah. I get that. Okay. I am gonna read a little bit. Okay. The scale is named after its Creator Americ. Oh. Also recorded in Scoville Heat units. SHU. That seems like that would be on trivia. SHU shoe. But people can remember that. Okay. It's based on the concentration of Capsaicins.


Capsaicins capsaicin. When you do that sometimes, you know what it reminds me of? Little Brother In a way. Spelling bee contestants. Oh, so they say the same. They're like Ashery Ashery. They'll like say it. Yeah. Kind of periodically while they're working out. Ashery Abash, ashery H, Origin A B. And then they'll ask a question like Yeah. Iteration, you know, whatever the fuck they say. Yeah. Definition. Maybe they get, They get a definition. They can also find out the his like the origin. But that has a name. Well, place of origin is important because of the way you spell things.


Surety in England. Black tire Tire, you know these fucking Brits, TYRE. That was on, that's crazy. That was on a crossword. I did the other day, like two days ago. and I don't do crosswords that often. I think they spell leader wrong too. I think it might be L-I-T-R-E. Probably. Yeah. Okay. Scoville. Okay. SSHU. Capsaicins. Among which Capsaicin, I'm probably saying it wrong. Capsaicin is the predominant component. So that's what they're measuring. Yeah. Concentration of capsa. Capsaicin. Capsaicin. It's really hard. If, you saw this C-A-P-S-A-I-C-I-N. You.


You, you lost me so long ago. Yeah. It's crazy. I can't even visualize what that crazy was. Yeah. Oh, an alternative method. High performance liquid chromatography. HPLC can be used to analytically quantify the capsaicin content as an indicator of puny. Okay. So that's a competitor. Mm. Like Six flags and Yeah. What's it called? Cedar Point. Oh, dare you. You're a piece of, you have a piece of shit energy, if I can say it. You have POSE. Oh, that sounds like PCOS, which I do think I have. I don't, but I, what's PCOS? It's a polycystic ovarian syndrome. Oh, Well that, that came right off the tongue for you.


Yeah. Yeah. I it did. I know a lot about it. Sweet bowl pepper zero on the scale. Okay. And then pure capsaicin is 16 million. Oh, okay. I'm gonna try that. So a habanero is 300,000. Carolina Reaper, 2.1 million, 2.1 mil. Okay. Pepper spray is 5 million Oh. yeah. I am. I feel very fortunate. I have two things I feel very fortunate about today. One is I've never been sprayed with pepper spray. I hope to make it through my whole life without that experience. Number two, I'm applying for global entry.


And the fact that I haven't been arrested is almost impossible. It is. I can't even believe I shock because I, even my own mind, I had to really like, I know that sounds crazy. I had to really think about, I've certainly had a ton of interaction with police. I've been in the back of police cars. Right. I've been questioned by the police. They came to my high school once to talk to me. They came to my front yard to talk to me. and I didn't ever get arrested. Wow. And it's, I can't believe I got out all that addiction without being arrested. This is so lucky. So lucky. And fights and stuff. Oh my god. So many fights. Oh. yeah. It's crazy. Crazy.


Hello David. It's for Will BI. 50 years old today. Still your will B. He sounds kind of like, oh God. On my tombstone. It's going say here wise widow buff. Aw, That's sad. There's been too much death talk lately. Okay, Let's talk about some births. Okay. Hello. It's Bob. Is that what you were thinking? It was similar to Hello, it's Bob. No. Do We have any money? No. It sounded like our friend. Oh, Hermia Permian. Yes. Sounded A little bit. Well, Permian Permian socks like this. Oh. yeah. He's not a little brother. He's the only child he thinks.


Yeah. We, I've never met any of my family members. Miss Monica. That's why you're my mom. Oh, Ika. You're such a good mom. Ika Happy birthday to you. Aw, thanks. Heard you turned 37 years old. He really doesn't let anyone else talk, does he? He has social awkwardness and developmental things. Aw. You're shining a big old light on it now. He wants to retreat and do his apartment. Might not come up for a couple weeks. That's okay. I got television and streaming services. There's an incredible documentary about chimpanzees. Oh my God. I'm thinking about getting one myself. Jesus.


Oh my God. Okay. Miss Monica, you ever been to Cedar Point? You Do have Little Brother Energy. I love her Meam. I we, we haven't seen him in a while. Yeah. Has he been all right? It's hard for me to come out in the summertime. It's awfully hot outside. I like to stay inside the AC condition. I think it's the greatest invention of all time. That ice cold air blowing. As you look out the window, people are sweating.


Not you. You're inside watching your chimp documentary. Thinking about getting one yourself. I just want to say just, just as his mom mother, that he needs to be a little careful saying that there's an invention that's better than what the robot has invented. Okay. 'cause he might get upset. Oh, My robot friend. Yeah. What did he invent? He claims stuff. I don't know if it's real. Okay. Well he's Confused. Go on. tell me more. Well, hasn't he to us. I love to learn Miss Monica. Oh, don't worry. I'm not like that other man. Frito. I'm not gonna say anything weird. That's fair.


Thank you. Oh no, I see him coming. I see him. No, it's no stop. Is Miss Monica there? Ew. He's not. I knew the mommy too for all my feelings. I'm hungry. I Should we stop? What if I got into some weird, do you ever worry that You were, you couldn't stop, But what? Yeah. Do you ever If, you ever worry that like maybe I'll go into some crazy schizophrenic loop where all the characters will be talking to each other and then you'll have to run outside and you'll like get my family to come in and try. Everyone will be screaming at me, but I can't get out of the loop. Does that ever cross your mind?


Yeah. Okay. You know who hasn't been here in so long? Oh. But now we're doing it. So let's get 'em all outta the closet. Oh, Monica, I heard you about to put on some muscle mass. Get some quadriceps and some triceps and some latissimus. Oh my God. Are you going to get the pump? You know, and I get the pump. It feels like coming. Ew. That's a direct quote. Monica Tax. It's from the documentary. You crossed the line. That is his words. I didn't, that's not me. I'm just reporting the news as it comes in. Can I do some facts on? Yeah. Okay. Okay.


You said other country, in other countries, people aren't getting married. So I wanted to do some marriage rates by country. Oh, That's a fun exercise. What do you think is the lowest? Well, this is Interesting. I think I'm, my guess is either gonna be New Zealand or like some of these Scandinavian countries. It's Qatar. I'm surprised. Well, and I might get in trouble suggesting this one guy snatching up like all the wives and a ton of the men are going unmarried. Okay. Yeah. So that could be skewing the data. Okay. Okay. Venezuela is 96. 96. What percent unmarried Out of 99.


Like I'm on, there's, this is the list. Okay. Oh. Oh. This is number of marriages per a thousand population per year by country. This is from the Economist. I gotta add one thing. Okay. When we're looking at data, clearly this data could be reflective too, of how young a population is, right? Yeah. Like If, you like Japan has a very old population and obviously older people are married at a higher rate than younger people. So this is like, right. Could be confusing, but go ahead. Yeah. The United States is 44th on the list. It's 5.1. Marriage is rate per, what was it, Per thousand. Right. Only five people per a thousand or married's? Per year.


Per year. Oh, per. So It's not Gonna account for people per year. Previously Married. Okay. So it's just the, the current rate. I got you. Five people get married per year out of every thousand. Okay. Palestine, it seems low, Doesn't it? It does seem low. Palestine is number one at 10. So it's not like cr, nothing is crazy. So that's got the highest rate of marriage. Yes. Palestine. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And what was the last place? Last place is Qatar. Oh, 1.4. Okay. Yeah. Interesting. Where is Kiwi Village in there? Okay. New Zealand is what? United Kingdom. United Kingdom. Lower than the US. I believe that Germany, Germany lower, I hate to say this, Japan, 4.1 lower, But again, 'cause this is right Oh.


yeah. So that totally makes sense. Okay. New Zealand 3.36. What number on the list? 70. 70. Okay. Do you see any of those Scandinavian countries? Norway? 71. Okay. Sweden 68. Okay. Who's 69 And that's 3.8 69. South Korea. Congrats. South Korea. Congrats. Alex Cooper. Congrats. South Korea. Fuck you. Korea. Steve DeCastro, you. Cedar Point. Anyway, you can't even say it. See? See. Okay. Anyway, and you're right there. A lot of the European ones are less than America, but America's still halfway. Like, I hate to say this, people are gonna be very mad that I say this and I say this As a married person, I do think it'll evolve away from it.


I think we're evolving away from it. Yes. Yeah. So I think like when you look at these countries that are more progressive, you're seeing, but you Like marriage. I Love it. Yeah. You, You say you're for It. But again, this gets into Christmas and all these different things, which is, do I like marriage? I don't know. Do I like partnerships and kids? Do I like families? Yeah. Do they need to go to the courthouse and make it official? I don't have, no, I don't care about that. What was it? There's a sign. I don't care about that. What is it? I don't know it. Okay. I don't think, What was the teen witch thing? It was Sabrina. No, There was a earlier thing that you would know 'cause you're closer to Carly. Although Carly is older than you. You, you would miss Top that.


Yes. Top that. Top that. I don't give up about that. I don't know that. It was like a song they sang. Teen Witch 1989 Movie, teen Witch, 1989. Top that, top that. I don't give a about that. And they blanked it. Bleeped it like that. Well, it was Teenage Witches. It wasn't Adult witches. Adult witches are nasty. Hey. Hey. Ding, dinging. Ding. That same guest. I know. I know. I know. We should just air it after this. No, they have to hang tight. Okay. That was pretty quick on the fire. wbe Wob. Just Google got lucky. Yeah. He was only two years old when that came out. Just a little B Oh oh, okay.


The code you were talking about A B, BA. Left, right, left, right, up, down, up, down. Left. Wait, left, right, left, right. Up, down, up down. A, B, B, A. Okay. So there's a few codes. Konami code. Konami code is commonly referred to as the contra code. And sometimes the 30 Lives Code is a cheat code that appears in many Konami video games, as well as some non Konami games. The code has also found a place in popular culture as a reference to the third generation of video game consoles and is present as an Easter egg on a number of websites. In the original code, the player has to press the following sequence of buttons on the game controller to enable a cheat or other effects.


This is up, up, down, down, left, right, left, left, right. Ba sometimes start and select is added to the sequence. Oh Wow. My contra code was definitely A B, B, A. But maybe just the abs what triggered it and the BA was auxiliary and not necessary. And then I would hit select. What a, the first time you do that, it's unreal. You've been playing this game, you can't get through it. You have three lives. Hit that code and you're like, oh, I can breathe. Eddie Murphy was on SNL 19. That's Crazy. That is crazy. Also. Yeah. So Matt Damon was doing Born during the Avatar Ask.


Okay. So he would've had to leave them. Okay. He just has too much integrity. My God. Okay. Dietrich F. Dietrich F. Yeah. It's still working. It's Still up and running. It's still up and running the website. That's great. Michigan's only, it's since 1893. That's pretty awesome. Yeah. Legendary warmth. They're gonna be having their hundred 50th anniversary here in a sec. They're older than Ford. It's pretty cool. So as so far as furs are cool, I mean, It's cool to have a business that lasts that long. Absolutely. Also, real quick, we talked about Veep and we shot baby director on the Veep set.


Oh. yeah. We went to the Veep set and shot Because Morgan was working on it. Yeah, yeah. Which is really fun. Yeah. Like the President's room or some Shit. Yeah, the Oval Office. The Oval. The oval. She was the president for a second. I'd love to dust that off. See that little baby? Well, he talked about auditioning for the CBS showcase. I also did that. Yeah, I did it too. And it was when you come back, like come back and you have to do an Indian character. Oh. And an accent. What year was that? Fuck you.


Fuck you girl. Fuck you. Steve DeCastro. Fuck you. Cedar Point. It would've been, God, I guess it would've been 2011 or 12 ish probably. Okay. Mine might've been the A, B, C showcase. Yeah. I'm not sure. It was one of the network showcases I got to just do, 'cause they came to the Groundlings and saw me and then invited me to do it. So I'd got to just do a sketch that Josh and I had that had been running for a long time. Oh, that's fun. Yeah, It was very fun. Yeah. Because I was the only one in there that did something that I had written. Yeah. Took great pride in that. I didn't get anything out of it, but it was fun to be invited. It was called Let's Dance and Ding Ding.


It's two guys like at a club and somehow they, they're like overly macho. And then they're kind of getting into it and then somehow it, it turns out they both would love to dance with one another. Thank God it was great. It was probably the best one we ever wrote. All right. Well that's it for Sam. Oh, what a nice boy. Love him. Great time. Yeah. He's so fucking funny. He really is. I can't wait to keep watching him. All right, love you. Love you.