
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dak. She and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. And we have one of my biggest crushes, A alive, He's a stud. Oh, what an animal. Sam Rockwell. You know him from absolutely everything. He's just got that X factor. He's got that sprinkle of just unbridled charisma. Yeah. He has an electricity High on the soul spectrum. Also. Uber comfortable in his own skin. Yep. Oh yeah. We love him. I don't know. I'm gonna put him in a top five, like most comfortable in their own skin. I don't know who the other, I know Snoop's there. Sure. He might be number one, but that's a nice quality.


Okay. On a scale of one to a hundred, where do you put you Comfortable? In my own skin. And I'm gonna, let's just arbitrarily give Rockwell 92. Okay. We'll give Snoop 100. Okay. Go. I'll go 88. Yeah. I think you're very comfortable in your skin most Of the time. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. I have my moments, but Well, talking to Snoop, funny enough. Sure. I get so insecure. That's how this works. If you talk to people who are above you. Yeah. On the scale They shine a light on the 12% that's uncomfortable. Okay. Three billboards outside of Ebbing, Missouri, the Green Mile, Jojo Rabbit, Moon. Charlie's Angels.


So memorable. White Lotus season three. And then, and this is a bit of an update. I ended up after this interview, just tagging along with him. Oh, Nice To go watch the Bad Guys too. It wasn't a premiere, it was just for the cast. Oh, fun. And I went and it was so fun. And I loved the movie. Oh great. Did you see the first one? No. What I want to, they Do actions so well that, that's the unique thing about this particular franchise. Yeah. Is the actions off the charts nice. And it was great. The Bad Guys too. And that is out in theaters August 1st. Take your loved ones. You'll love it. Please enjoy Sam Rockwell.


Get into your body's vitals with the Vitals app on Apple Watch. I wanna get The vitals. App tracks key overnight metrics so you can spot changes in your health before you feel them. The Vitals app on Apple Watch iPhone 10 s are later required. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only, and not for medical use.


We are supported by Domino's. You'd be hard pressed to find two people that love Domino's more than you and I. It's an integral part of our friendship. When we were just baby friends, We discovered we both love Domino's and we ordered it with reckless abandon. If you haven't tried Domino's new Parmesan stuffed crust pizza yet, what are you waiting for? What? With a buttery flavored crust, melty cheese, and real Parmesan sprinkled on top. Every bite is absolutely packed with flavor order one a day at domino's dot com.


He's in. I'm Thrilled. I got you some chocolate. Dex is undressed. I don't know if you're into it. It's gorgeous. I dunno which ones you wanna trade. Actually dark. No, both seem so. I took the one with the almond. Sorry. Yeah. I would've had the one with the almond too. What is This place? Hurst. God damn. They really know what they're doing. Yeah. During matcha. Yeah. You wanna wanna pull off that too? Wow.


Let's see. How fucking, How much caffeine can you intake in a day? How much can we consume? We're gonna need a pack of cigarettes at some point. It's been a long time for me, but I had a cigarette recently. Oh, you did? And I had one in seven years On the deck of a boat Or on Easter Island. Okay. So not a terrible guess. Yeah. Yeah. What were you doing on Easter Island? I was doing a mo Oh, we're recording. Aren't we're? We're always recording. We're We're always recording and we're gonna miss out on a Easter Island story. I was with John Malkovich and we just were hanging, avoiding people and we started talking about cigarettes and then, you know you need a one. Yeah. When's the last time you smoked a cigarette? I know exactly. 'cause I had to quit, you know? I was a very heavy smoker. So in September, 20 years.


20 years. Wow. Yeah. Were you ever a heavy smoker? No, I was always a Dante smoker. So yeah, You have this, it's a very enviable, you can do everything, but you're not addict. Right. I mean, I'm a little addict with the gym. It's definitely a better addiction as you know. Yes. You know? Yes. Because you have a great gym. We just perused it. Yeah. Yeah. You push the sled, you pull the sled. Ever do I don't. No. Is that how you hurt your back? Pulling a sled? It's Fucking Zoom and FaceTime training. Okay. With the two-dimensional image with a trainer. And they can't see your form. So I'm really so over Zoom, man. Even therapy, like I did therapy on FaceTime. I just got Sick of it. Now I'm guessing you were already seeing that therapist in person, right?


Because I started in COVID. Oh, You started in COVID therapy. Okay. And I started on FaceTime and I think that did a lot for me. It was another dude. Yeah. I'm not super trusting of other dudes. Yeah. And there was some distance and I ended up loving that because I'm like, oh, this is great. I'm not like in a room with a man or I'm having all those weird things about being in a room with, you know, a dad. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Because the Therapist is kind of your dad. Right. If you have a male one. Sure. I Have a female. I have a woman. Oh, is she your mom? I've got some mommy issues. So it's, it's probably good. It's all that transference stuff You're projecting onto them. Yeah. And They can be anything. It can be your girlfriend, your brother, your sister, your mother, your father, whatever.


Yeah. You start treating them as if you treat those people. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. They're actors, Therapists. Yes. 'cause they have you come in, they're like, oh great, I'm Sam's mom. I gotta remember that. And then some other gal comes in and she's like, okay, I am the shitty sister. Right. You kind of gotta code switch and be different. Yeah. You do. I guess. I guess you have to be facile. Well, you have to listen. Yes. Another key ingredient of acting. That's Tough. Especially You've had the same, same client for like a decade and they're still telling you about some thing. Same Old, broken record. So you've been, you've been only doing it a couple years. Got it. Okay. Yes. Yeah, I've been doing it like a while. How many years? Since I had a bad breakup in my twenties.


And then I got kind of weird. I had a weird phase and then I had to go to therapy. Like The movie Shame weird phase or Not quite like that. Like the monologue. I could gone The White Lotus phase. Yes. No, I, I could've gone that road maybe, but not that weird. No. I got what you might call hypori, sort of neurotic. Oh, interesting. And it was kind of a post neurosis kind of thing. It's throughout my twenties. I wasn't neurotic at all. And around 29 I had this breakup with a, a very serious girlfriend. And then I just got real sensitive and I had to go see a shrink. You thought you were sick all the time. I Got really sensitive, like car noises and Oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, Oh. This sounds like an anxiety disorder.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I had that. Yeah. Panic disorder. Ding, Ding, ding. When she worked at SoulCycle, which you were just telling me you love, you Worked at SoulCycle. I did the front desk. No shit. But I got so anxious I had to quit. No Shit. Yeah, of course. It's so fucking loud in there. You know, I'm like 25 years old and people would come out and be passing out and it was on us to like revive them. I was like, I don't have this passing Out. Of course. Sure man. Because they're doing like three classes in a row. They're not hydrating. Yeah. Okay. Let's go over our history real quick. Yeah. Okay. Ground links. Right. God. Great memory of the people who ever came backstage after a show. You were among them. Yeah. I wanna say you were with Mini Driver. I came to see Mini. Had you done Idiocracy at that point?


No, No, no. I had never been in anything. I didn't have a SAG card. I didn't have an agent and I was already on the Sam Rockwell train. I got on very, very early and I was already very obsessed with you. That's nice of you to say. Truly. I was like, look at this. Sparkly unicorn. Meanwhile, You're a trained improvisational, which is a big skill. Nicotine. I, I need Oh, nicotine. I thought it was, yeah. I thought we were gonna make out. Well, Well we're not ruling that Out. If this goes perfectly, that's where it went. But yes, you came backstage. Yeah. And we had just done an improv show. Yeah. And you were so complimentary. Again, I didn't have an agent. I was 28. I'm like, it's never gonna happen. Just you being effusive about thinking I was funny and that you had seen me be funny and I was a huge fan of yours.


Literally bought me time. I was like, oh dude, that makes me feel good. It was like a little gift that was just fueled. How old am I? What are you saying? Is that I'm really old. No, Me. And That you were a kid. No, and I was already a senior. Fuck That. I was 28 and didn't have a SAG card or an agent. Time was ticking. That made my year. The fact that you had come to that show and you were so nice. You're such a generous dude. And then a couple years ago we were in England visiting Kristen on a movie. Yeah. We hung out with Stanley. Stanley and Simplicity. Yeah. Tucci, who we had interviewed, Invited us over for dinner To dinner. And you were there and I exploded with excitement. We Were cracking up. Oh, I remember you. Me and Stanley were giggling like 12 year olds El Obnoxiously.


So perhaps, yeah. Yes, Yes. Do you remember that Dax did a reading of Stanley's book at the dinner? That's Of course he did. Yeah. What did I do wrong? That's scared You scared I So You're a little traumatized from it. Scared. What was my take? I had a take. I think you were doing a voice and you were just really doing a full reading and I was he doing Stanley impersonation? Okay. I thought it was a big swing. It's a big swing at a dinner. Yeah. Yeah. The thing I most remember is you telling me about a time in your youth that you went to a sex club in San Francisco that was on roller skates. Bandaid. Good segue to White Lotus. Yeah. You said you got to this club and you're like, whoa, there's a lot going on. There's a lot going on. Then all of a sudden this dude on roller skates rolls by and he's fucking jacking God.


Wally's Rollers. That's a true story. He was just rollerskating. There was a person with a little tiny hammer and a chisel and, and the Oh, You just abusing their genital. What was the title? What was the event? Did it have a name? Well, No. I bumped into a friend of mine from like elementary school and he said, I'm doing this thing. I Got a new thing I'm doing. I got a new thing. I have a new hobby. Tell you what I'm into now. Hey, check it out. Led Zeppelin. No, He said check it out. And I said, oh, that's kind of cool. It was just not what I imagined. Okay. Really? I thought it would be kind of sexier. Yeah. Yeah. And it wasn't so sexy. I was just like, yeah, no, this is not for me.


Don't you find that where the rubber meets the road with a lot of this stuff? It's not what you were hoping For. Yeah. It sounds good. Look at that. Speaking of sex clubs. Okay. That was a trap. That was a trap. That book isn't there normally. Oh, is that right? And I brought it in and I said to Monica, talk About therapy. This is ointment and I wanna see if the fly flies into it because I have some bizarre hunch. You also like Crumb. Well yeah, sure. What's not to like stupid. Wow. It's pretty great. Yeah. Crumb's the greatest. Okay. Okay. Back to this dinner. The dinner was so fun. I had so much fun. I Remember laughing a lot. Yeah. Another obsession of mine has been Goggins for a while. He's great.


Could You be happier than anybody's having the moment? I'm So happy. You know, and we'd done cowboys and aliens together. You met him there? Yeah, we Met on that. Okay. I don't know If I ever worked with a friend that closely. So when we did White Lotus, it was really cool to have a shorthand with somebody like that. But I did wonder with the, The White Lotus scene in particular, does being really good friends help or hurt? Because it could definitely go either way. It definitely helped. 'cause we had to play friends. Yes. And I just could make him laugh. He could make me laugh really quickly. Was it imp? It wasn't improvised. No. But there were a couple of little things to kind of like tiny, tiny things. Yeah. Mike's too good a writer. You don't wanna mess with it. Have So many people come up to you about that monologue more than you would've Expected.


Yeah. It's kind of crazy. Yeah. You know, and I was ambivalent 'cause I was worried I wasn't gonna be prepared 'cause I was tired. And I've been doing all these monologues in the South African film. You Have a 10 page monologue in that one. Oh yeah, That's right. How do you know that? Because It's my job to learn about you for today. But I told you, this'll be the last time I know this much about you. Yes. And that's it. Yeah. And I remember I actually went to Billy Crudup, who I've gone to before to get help on that monologue. So I was a little tuned up, but I was then, I was worried I wasn't gonna be able to get off book in time. And then Leslie said, I'll help you. And we went on Safari and she got me off book and we saw, you know, elephant while you're Looking at animals and shit. Yeah, yeah. You know, It was pretty cool. Wow.


Were you in South Africa? We were in South Africa. So we were in this place called Krueger. Yeah, you've been in Safari? Yeah. Tanzania. Tanzania. Okay. So that's not gorillas. That's more cheetahs and elephants. Lion. Yeah. Oh, That stuff we, so that's classic Stuff. Yeah. Yeah. You got close and stuff. Oh Yeah. Terrifying. Lisa. Terrifying. Yeah. Liz, Leslie at ease. And you were terrified. She Was at ease. I was terrified. Same. Yeah. No question. The First time you see a lion, we're in the little Jeep and it's just Kristen and I in the driver. And all of a sudden the lion's walking is walking and I'm like, this is really cool. This is really cool. Now it's getting really close to the thing. I'm like, I don't know about this. There's no doors. And then the fucking lion walks up and you know, it's 24 inches away and it turns incredible.


Its head and looks me in the eyes and I'm like, oh my God, this seems just jump and eat me. And Kristen is delighted and not terrified. And I was terrified all the time. I don't know what that says about either of you. What's that phrase? The gift of fear, you know? Yeah. Oh right. But then maybe, you know, I don't know. Women walk around this earth scared with predators everywhere. Yeah. Elevator. We elevator are used To it. That's a very good point. You know what, that's A really, and now you're around a real predator. That's Really interesting. Real top of the food chain shit. That's Very interesting. Think it's, I never thought of that. Yeah, someone pointed out like that. A woman often gets into a small metal box with another animal that's two X their size.


Yeah. That's how we live. That's an elevator ride. And I'm like, yeah, That's, it's totally true man. We had a koala beer and I was like, you know, they have like, don't they? They famously have claws, chlamydia. Totally. Sure. Yeah. And They have claws, big claws And chlamydia koala. And I was like, this thing's gonna eat my face and gimme chlamydia. Yes. And unless it was just laughing at me, I'm an idiot. You know? Okay. So You did that, you worked on the monologue? Yeah. I sort of pitched some things to Mike White. He went for some of it and then yeah, just went in there and did it. Shaved my head and put a tattoo on and some scars and that was it. It's none of our business. But how many takes, what realm of takes was that? You know, They had an earwig. I said prepare an earwig just in case I get in trouble.


And then I didn't need it. I did it in one take. Wow. And then I think we continued to do one takers, you know? And not break it up too much. Mike's just amazing, you know, he's like a Pat Chasky kind of writer. You're tremendous in it. Thanks man. And I'm sure you've been getting a lot of love, but I hope people give Goggins the love if we can't cut things As far as that. Yeah. Oh absolutely. If you're on Your own in a payphone, giving that monologue I think is just a different experience. No, Absolutely. He was having a great time. He was so happy to have somebody there. He'd been kind of, you know, he was Amy Lou and they had a different thing. Their thing was more combative and He probably needed a fucking break from that.


'cause it cannot be fun to be a dick to your co-star and every Scene for months. Yeah. He was definitely having a tough time. And Walt gets very serious. He gets very into it, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so he needed somebody to kind of like, hey. Yeah. So the reason I brought him up is that we interviewed him and then I hung out with him on a Sunday. It was so fun. And we're in the hot tub. And then just randomly, he says, and I haven't seen your scene yet, so I don't even know you're in. This is like pre that airing. And somehow he says he's friends with you. And I said, oh my God, you know, I had the most fun night ever in England with him. I said, and then I think I texted him too much. I go, I think I really came on too strong, Not possible. And He goes, no, I bet he just, you know, he's in the clouds sometimes and I bet he doesn't even know he didn't or did respond to you.


And I was like, okay, that's really comfort. Did I not respond Well, the intermittently? I Sure you did. No, I always respond even with an emoji. You know What's funny is I'm really good with that. Even if it's just an emoji, I respond. Well, when I was texting you yesterday, I realized when I looked at the two previous text, they were green. So we don't know if greens Didn't get to you. Oh, he didn't. Didn't get it. Yeah. What does that mean? Because I got some stuff not going through. Like I sent some videos to you and Justin, it didn't go through. I think I might need some technical help And then I wanna own my own. I got a little carried away with leaving you voice messages of me just going I bet you did. You rascal. Which is my favorite line you've ever said in a movie that's That's Right. As as George Bush. And so anytime I'd be thinking of it.


That's right. I would just send you a voice memo. That's Right. I remember that. I, me going, oh, That's right. I bet you teach you rascal and Yeah. How are you gonna respond to that? I love a voice memo. I love a weird voice memo though. Somebody just called him walkie talkies. Voice memos. Yeah. That's kind of, are you a voice memo person or you're not? I'm getting into it. I think it's with age, Not wanting to type. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Laziness. Well this phone is like really small. You got An old one. Yeah. You gotta like really type Type. Yeah. What Year is that? Bad boy? Old. Old video didn't go through. I think that's maybe what's going on is that a seven lot of stuff wasn't going through today. Seven. I think I tried to send you and Justin the picture of Justin a couple of times.


Justin Long. Yes. Yes. Justin Long. Justin Long is also due in ripe and deserving of the same moment Goggins is having. Because yes, I think there'll be a moment where people will look back and go, oh right. He was perfect in every single thing he did. He is. He's awesome. So I'm just flagging him as he deserves the the Goggins moment. Me too. I'm flagging him too. The impersonations he could do. Oh, we had him. His impersonations are incredible. I know. Is Matt Dillon? Yes. Matt Dillon is astounding. Did he Do Matt Di too? He did Matt Dillon. He did a movie with Matt Dillon. He did it to Matt Dillon on the talk show. How? I don't think it went great. He can do Vince Vaughn so well, who's so hard to Do? I know. I know. He's so fucking funny. Vince, I saw him at this hotel we met for lunch at this four seasons, and he starts doing this bit with the waiter.


He is like, we want the special, can you get the special? The chef wants to give us the special, you know the special thing? The waiter's like, I'm sorry sir. Oh No. You know the, the chef asked to give us the special, the special meal. Oh my God. You know, do that. You know what I'm talking about. And Make it right. Make everything go, make, Make it right. Make it good. Make good for us. And he keeps saying, and the waiter doesn't know what the hell he's talking about. Oh God. At the end he gets the bill. He says it's free. Right. He gets the bill and he's, and he keeps giving the, the waiter. This look like Should have been free. Oh. Oh my. He's hysterical. Okay. Bay Area. Yes. 1968 you arrive? Yes. November 5th.


November 5th, 1968. Okay. We welcome you. Nixon was elected? Yes. Oh, on that day? Yes. Yes. Oh Wow. I don't know if that's fortuitous or a harbinger or bad things to come. Probably Mom and dad are both actors. Yes. And my dad dropped out kind of early. My mother became a painter and my dad did a lot of, a lot of jobs. We moved to San Francisco in the Tenderloin. I don't know if you know what the Tenderloin is. Kind of a sketchy, Gnarly, right. In the seventies and eighties. Yeah. My dad had a couple of weapons pulled on him and he was mugged and sort of after nine he got remarried. He had a better job. But he was a union organizer for a while.


He drove a cab and I met Harvey Milkin in San Francisco and I was like eight. Wow. Really? We lived in the Castro for a bit. We lived in the Fillmore the Hay, you know, everywhere He relocated to to Culver City. He did. He's got Culver City and Santa Monica. Yeah, Because his bride lives in Santa Monica. Yeah. Yeah. He met her at a Bernie Sanders rally. Oh My goodness. Oh, They're a groovy couple. I just think that's weird to have two actor parents. It is a little weird. Although my dad quit so early. You never saw him act. He Quit when I was five. Yeah. Okay. So I don't really, although he's gotten back in acting a little bit, taking classes just for fun. And then my mom's a painter now. She's wild. I mean, I did plays with her when I was like a kid.


Yeah. She took you on stage when you were 10. Did improv in the village. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't call it real improv, but it was, yeah. But she taught me the basic rules. You know, always say yes. Yeah. And Listen. Yes. And you're smarter than you think you are. Is that, isn't that one of them Be a pro at everything? Yeah. An expert they say. So they got divorced when you were five? Yeah, they got divorced when I was five And she moved to New York City. That was it. My dad had a lot of girlfriends moved around a lot. So you were bopping back and forth in the summer. I'd go visit my mom for a month and that's how I did a play with her. Were you running around and exploring New York as a little kid? Yeah, I was. It was pretty wild. I was talking to Zy Beatz and her mom, Michael Pena, was on this movie in South Africa and Zy and all these great people at Juno Temple.


But I remember talking to her because she lived in Chelsea. It wasn't Chelsea back then. Her mother was from there. And I'm talking to her mother about the seventies. And then I realized I'm Z's mother's age. Yes. Oh wow. And then I was like, wow, okay. That's what's happening. I could be all their father's. Juno, everyone. Yeah. You're the same age as Z's mom. But when you're talking to Zzi, you and I are in a similar situation, which is we have our whole lives. I'm presuming flirting with women. Sure, sure. It's why I get outta bed. Sure, of course. Well, Zazi and I in this cartoon are romantic interest. She's the fox. I'm the wolf. And then I'm like, wait a minute.


What? Yes. Hold on. I'm a how much older than your mother? What's happening? There's two themes I want to explore in this. Yes. Yes. Let's, this ride of ours. Let's do it. I wanna explore charm. If I have to pee in this thing, is that gonna be a, how's that gonna go down? That'll dovetail nicely into my themes. I wanna talk about charm. All right. And I want to talk about fuel. Yes. Yes. The fuel of life for me from very young. These are parallels I've noticed when I was researching you, I know my explanation. So dancing. Yeah. Are You a dancer? I started, yes. Love dancing. Yeah. Dance immediately in junior high at the dances and immediately realize I'm the only boy dancing all these girls like this.


It's a way to meet girls. That's exactly right. I mean, I, I was not mean. I'm a faker baker dancer. When I did Foss, I had to really learn some stuff. Right. So my shit's really like Faker baker. I implore everyone to go and watch. There's these montages of you and Terrine Fallon. Oh yeah. You're now, Those are the same moves. If you Google, if you look at it, it's just the same boring Moves. No, you keep upping it. I was watching it this morning. And what's so funny is you're upping it. You're upping it. You're uping it. And I was saying, I was saying out loud to Chris, I'm like, I don't know where he is gonna go with the next appearance. And you come out with a fucking cane because there's nowhere to go. Yeah. That was a Luke, I stumbled into a Willy Wonka entrance by accident. Yeah.


It's definitely a way to get attention. I think that I've always pictured myself kind of like a Chris Walken build. You're sort of like that. I always wanted to be like a lanky Tommy Hearns, Chris Walken kind of Stretch limo. Yeah. And I always pictured myself that way. But actually I'm not. I actually have T-Rex arms and you know, like if I were re to throw out a jab in my mind, I'm Muhammad, I'm Tommy Hearns or something. But actually no. I'm like this guy. Right. You're more sugar ray. Yeah. Yeah. I'm more like, you know, the guy Mayweather knocked out. But, so I think I have like delusions of grand. I don't know where that came from, But there's a stubbornness where you go like, I refuse to accept this.


Yeah. And so how do I maneuver around? 'cause that's not the V vision I have for my life. But When I look back on a lot of the actors that I admire, Nicholson Pacino and Arrow, you know, they're not big guys. And I think with that comes the gift of Fury. And I think that that's a good gift. You know, like a John Malkovich or somebody like that who I just worked with, you know? Yeah. And Thero and Gary Oldman. You know, they have the gift of Fury. Yes. You're not gonna accept whatever it is you've been dealt. I like the idea of you saying, I think it's very honest, just that you walk around kind of with the vision of who you are.


And then sometimes you look in the mirror and it's like, oh wow, that's actually not, yeah, exactly. I think I have that too. It's like, oh, I think I look like that. But then I look in the mirror and it's like, oh whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah. I better not look in the mirror. I'll, I'm better off just like living In, in my head. Oh my. Less, less look in the mirror. Lemme tell you. Yeah. But yeah, you have to be slightly delusional Yeah. Than be successful. And By the way, you can infect other people's view of you with that belief in yourself. The confidence. Yeah, totally. Totally. That is like, yeah, we don't like articulate or break down what are the ingredients of confidence. But that's what it is. Like I've created a reality bubble. I've sucked you into it. And now you're not sure either if I'm a five or a nine. Exactly. Right. Exactly. So you, I mean, there's so many things I would love to talk about.


You go to a stoner high school. Yes. Kind of an outwardly bound thing. Yeah. I did Urban Pioneers that was kind of like an Outward bound. I had a reputation for being for the flunkies. And I was flunking outta high school for sure. Cutting class, you know, smoking pot. And I heard about Urban Pioneers. It was supposed to be kind of, kind of rough. But the guy Wayne McDonald kind of changed my life in a way. 'cause we did these like hiking trips for two weeks. But the thing about the, the hiking trips, you had to solicit this food. So you had to go to Pizza Hut and ask them to give you, you know, 10 cans of spaghetti sauce. I think the rule was you couldn't even, if you had money to buy the spaghetti sauce on the fly, you had to solicit.


So it taught you to hustle. Yeah. Right. Yes. You know what I mean? Yes. Interesting. And it was a cool lesson. He says, if you don't solicit this food, you're not gonna have margarine when you want it on the, on the trip. And you're gonna need that margarine. Yeah. You know, believe you me, you need that, that loaf of Bread. There's gonna come a time where you're gonna want that margarine. So, you know, you had to get the food, man. Yeah, yeah. You wanted to like have a marshmallow to roast. Right. So you get the like real, real acting bug at that point. I Went back to the acting program, I auditioned for the play. I watched Malkovich and, and Death of a Salesman on tv. And I just decided to do that monologue.


I got the play. But then I got a movie In San Francisco. In San Francisco. I got a lead in a film. Oh my God. My first film. And then I decided from that, with the confidence from doing the film to go to New York and, and sort of pursue acting. And that's kind of what happened. I lived with my mom the first year, then I started going to sublet to sublet, working in restaurants. And then I started getting commercials and I got a couple of episodics, like equalizer and lawn. You Did all the shows. Every New York actor does when I look, look at your resume, all That shit. NYPD. Yep. And then I didn't know what really, what the hell I was doing. And I went to a summer program. I did the summer program with Bill. He says, do the two year. I said, ah, you know, I, I'm very busy, you know, I'm like 24.


Yeah. I'm making moves. Whatcha Doing? He's like, I, I, you know, I got this Colgate commercial and you know, I, I'm doing Law and Order. He's like, just do the two year. It'll go by like that. Just do it. And so I did the two year program and it changed my life. And It was Meisner. Still to this day, I don't, I read an actor Prepare Stanovsky, but when people say Meisner are not positive, I know what it means. Did You do any Meiser Junior training? Yes. 'cause I studied theater in college. Yeah. And so yeah, we had to do Meisner and stuff. Yeah, yeah. But for people who don't know what Meisner is. Yeah. Yeah. So Stella Adler, you know, Strasberg Meisner went to Russia, they met Stanovsky, they came back, then they divided Meisner's about the what if. And Strasberg was about what happened for an emotional prep.


If so, but Meisner's argument to Strasberg is like, well, what are you gonna do if you're a heroin addict? Or if you character shoots yourself in the face? Like, what are you gonna really shoot yourself in the face? Yeah. So method meaning Strasberg. Yeah. Meisner would argue that using your imagination is more practical. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by dominoes. You know, I have the app. Me too. It's not talked about in this ad spot, but I do gotta give a shout out to the lava cakes. Mm. They're outrageous. I want it right now. At long last, Domino's finally, finally has stuffed crust pizza and not just stuffed crust Parmesan stuff. Crust. Oh man. What are you Waiting for? Who doesn't love a little Parmesan? Nobody. That's who it's hard to believe it's taken them this long to make a stuffed crust pizza. But let me tell you, this was worth the wait. They've taken their buttery flavored handmade pan pizza dough and stuffed it with melty cheese. And if that wasn't enough, they topped it with garlic seasoning and Yes. Real Parmesan. I can taste it. I love mine. Smothered with pepperoni. Ooh. Oh, more the better. Okay. All this talk about Domino's has got me hungry. And I think I've got tonight's dinner plans all figured out. Order Domino's new Parmesan stuff Crust pizza on the Domino's app and use code Dax to get any three topping Parmesan stuffed crust pizza for 1199. That's code Dax on the Domino's app to try it today. Price is higher in some locations. You must ask for this limited time offer prices, participation, delivery area, and charges may vary. Delivery orders subject to local stores, delivery charge.


We are supported by Macy's. Let Macy's be your guide to gifting this Father's Day. Father's Day is fast approaching and Macy's is the gift destination shop for your dad or all the important men in your life. They've got a great collection of clothes for him from brands like Lacoste, Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein, Levi's, and more. If you're shopping for me, I love Levi's. The selection at Macy's is massive. So whether he's more of a tailored suit, guy likes to keep a casual and some comfy shorts and a polo or only wears activewear. Macy's has all of that and more. And if you're looking for something different, you could snag him a fragrance, sunglasses, electronics, barbecue, gadgets, sleepwear, gaming equipment. They make it easy to find something dad's gonna love. So again, just grab me some Levi's on size 33. Let Macy's be your guide to gifting for Father's Day. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


We are supported by Apple TV plus presenting the hit Limited series, presumed Innocent starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Ruth Naga. Hailing from David E. Kelly and JJ Abrams starring Gyllenhaal in the lead role of Chief Deputy prosecutor, rusty Savage, presumed innocent, explores a horrific murder that upends the Chicago prosecuting attorney's office when one of its own is suspected of the crime. The series delves into obsession, sex, politics, and the power and limits of love as the accused fights to hold his family and marriage together. I loved this show And I started at Per Your recommendation, and I love it too. Critics rave about the Fantastic Ensemble and say, presumed Innocent is brilliant, undeniably compelling, and TV at its highest quality. Now streaming on Apple TV plus more@fyc.apple tv plus.com.


We are supported by Boar's Head. 1905 was a big year. The first ever radio broadcast hit airwaves. The first movie theater opened in Pittsburgh. Einstein published his theory of Relativity and Boar's Head was founded in Brooklyn, which if you're a sandwich lover like us is just as important. Boar's Head doesn't cut corners. Their premium deli meats and cheeses are top tier. They use premium whole cuts of beef, pork, and poultry. And they source spices from around the globe. Boar's Head uses the best possible ingredients in time, honored recipes, preparing everything they make with care. That's how they've been able to stay in business for more than 120 years. I love Boar's Head. It is definitely my, my meat of choice. I like the oven. Gold Turkey. Yeah, the oven. Gold turkey's outrageous. So is that Smoke Master uncured Ham? Oh, I can just eat a pile. I want that right now. Taste the tradition. Boar's Head committed to craft since 1905.


Tell me about Idiocracy. And you and Justin and my Rudolph are fucking phenomenal. I love that movie and I know Judd a little bit, but how did you come up with that character? How did Justin, you guys had scenes together, right? We had No scenes together. Okay. But we hung out a bunch on the movie. That's like where we met and we would go out. You're hysterical in That. Oh my God. Thank you. So what do you Do? How did you prepare for that? And I wanna ask Justin the same thing. I had done a version of that character Frito on stage at the Grounds, and I was doing an episode of King of the Hill. I got along really well with Mike Judge and then two scripts of his were floating around. One of them was 3001 is what it was called. I read it and I said to him, I would love to come in and read this role for Frito.


But he was written as like kind of morbidly obese. And he is like, oh, well yeah, I kind of had someone else in mind. You know, that wasn't, yeah. I don't know if that's the one for you. I begged him to let me come in. Yeah. And I did Frito this character I had already done before and he was just like, oh, I could just hear him laughing. Right. I was like, oh, okay. That's all I was hoping. I'm like, yeah, I'm not the dude you wrote, it's not the right guy, but fuck, he's laughing. And that's all I really wanted. Yeah. Yeah. And then he cast me and then I gained like 25 pounds in three weeks because The guy had to be eating fructose and shit all the time or Something. A flattering. I think he a flasher in. Oh God. How did you come up with the character for Groundlings? How did you come up with that initially?


So, oh God, this. What was the impetus for that? She's so mad. Mad. I'm not mad. Are you mad? I'm not mad at all. But we do have to learn about you, but that's fine Here. All right. All right. I wanna talk about your Meisner experience. No, God no. Well, no, we can turn around on me. It's fine. But I'm just saying it helps me. We have to Learn about your mother entire me. Okay. Sorry, what do you want to know? But just quickly, Groundlings, how it just came out of a suggestion from the audience? No, no. We also wrote sketches. Right? So half the show, like you came to a only improv show. Okay. But generally the show there, the Sunday company, the Saturday company, it's all sketches. And then you do like three improv sets during the show. Yeah. But mostly it's all written, it's all starting live like sketches.


And so the first time I ever did it was with Melissa McCarthy and we worked at a grocery store and I was a bagger and she was a cashier and we were falling in love. And you can imagine Melissa McCarthy. Fuck. That's so good. It was so fun. Was she a Dummy too? Absolutely. Yeah. Oh look, I got a tape deck in my truck. You wanna listen to my cassettes? She talked Like that too. She had her own fuck deck. She had the female version of free. She Guys just said, we're gonna do a, We work at a grocery store and we're falling in love And we're stupid. And We're, yeah, we're stupid as it gets and we're made for each other. That's Fucking amazing. And she's so excited to go listen to some cassette tapes in my truck. But all of this is based on the tune in high school who always talked about his uncle who was a tow truck driver. I mean, that's where it really comes from.


Wow. Wow, wow. Is a guy. It's very exaggerated. But this No, I'm, no, just say it. What is it? She just Had gawkins look on her face. She was going, it was like a half smile. What does it, what mean? Wrap it up. Just tell me to wrap it up. Oh, still to Wrap. Okay. Okay. I can, the show's not about me. He's normally not supposed to say out loud the thing I'm projecting, but he, but it's kind of, can't help himself Another on camera. It's fun to call up. Anyways, this guy was just always like, my uncle has a tow truck. And I went out with him and we hooked up a brand new TransAm. Wow. That is fantastic. Yeah. There real people Out. There's good, I don't know that I've ever had a new character since high school.


I just accumulated all these kids I met and I was doing well. The Robot, robot person, Robot, the robots knew that he is a Character. That's The robot. The robot character. It's very cute. What's the robot character? I am a robot. And I always talk like this. I wanna be a real boy. He wants A real boy. He wants to be a real boy. It's Really sad. It's a Pinocchio story. But he's got a cold and he's a boy. Okay, we gotta get to you. You go to New York because you do have this really, really interesting section before. 'cause you're a little older like me, when you finally start working consistently. Yes. Yes. And you actually know, okay, this is gonna be a viable thing because you're kind of breakthrough is like 28.


You did a movie where you got a lot of attention. Yeah. Well, It's weird, you know, and this happened to my ex-girlfriend, Sarita. She was bartending and she'd done a movie with Denzel Washington and she got fucking recognized and she was fucking bartending. Yeah. And I was like, this is weird. And then it happened to me. I was busting tables and I got recognized for teenage Mut Ninja Turtles. And I'm like, would you like some more bread, sir? You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's a weird experience. I mean, you have to go back to the Rest. It's humbling. Right? Yeah. That's really humbling. You know, there's that story about Dustin Hoffman getting in the unemployment line after shooting the graduate. Wow. It's Crazy. You know? 'cause not everything pays, you know? Yeah, yeah. About 28, 29. I was starting to work more as an actor in Were you busy in Labyrinth during that time?


Yes. So Labyrinth is his theater started by Philip Seymour Hoffman. And, well, Actually no, it started by Paul Calderon and his wife and Johnny Ortiz. And then Phil came in later and I was one of the first gringos in there. And then Phil came along and then he kind of reinvented it with Steven Ggi and Johnny Ortiz. Okay. They kind of took it over. It is what it is today. And How did you get on with Phil? Oh, Phil was a mentor and a close friend, and he directed me in a play. You know, he was always the sober guy. It was just cheeseburgers, cigarettes, and coffee usually. And then, you know, that snuck up on us. And he Was grumpy. He was grumpy, but in a, in an endearing way. Yeah. He had a great laugh. You know, he loved Justin.


Were the three of you somehow in like, he Came up to Williamstown to direct a reading. Justin wanted to read art, and Bradley came, and Bradley was already doing a play there. And Phil said, yeah, I'll direct it. And we're like, really? And he's like, yeah, I'll come up. I'll direct it. He just wanted to hang out. Yeah. I remember we got in a car, you know the fart app? You know, you ever seen the fart app? No. Yeah. You know the fart app? An iPhone, it makes kind of different fart noises. Oh, that's Cute. So Justin hooked it up to the car speaker in Williamstown and wait, so is turned down. That's the brown mosquito. Brown Mosquito. This is the, this is called Burrito Maximo.


Oh yeah. This sitting Maximo, this Is called Laundry Day now. You know what it's called? Laundry day. So he hooked it up to the car speaker and Phil was in the back and he would just ask people randomly questions, Hey, do you know where the pizza hut above? And he, and then they go, yeah. Right. And he just push the button. Oh my. And it was, you know, because the car speaker was really loud. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And Phil had this very infectious laugh and he would laugh so fucking hard. Aw. Everyone was kind of intimidated by Phil. But he was a brilliant director. He, he directed us in a play. And he was, the things he would say, Eric Pzi and I had a scene together, and he would say these things to us that I never forgot.


Eric and I had a scene where he was the devil, and I was Judas. It was a funny scene. And so it got a lot of laughs. And Phil was like, you know, I know you guys get a lot of, you're getting a lot of laughs and that's all great, but I kind of wanna, I wanna make the audience uncomfortable. You know? That's what theater's about. And if you wanna get laughs, that's cool. But you know, he says, Sam, you're playing Judas Ariat. You know, he's a danger to himself and others, when you come out, you're drunk. I want you to make the audience a little uncomfortable. I want you to like, I want them to like maybe wanna leave. Mm.


Be a little scared. Yeah. And that was a great thing to say to an actor, because it's kind of an impossible goal. Right. So, I mean, Phil had a way of really inspiring you back To the charm thing. Yeah. I heard you tell a story about Bill. So the acting teacher, the Meisner teacher. Yeah. Yeah. He was an infamous teacher. Like Yes. A very famous, and that's Where I met my coach, Terry Knicker Barker. Right. Which is the most delightful story ever in showbiz. I love this story when we will get to it. Yeah. Okay. But you talk about Bill at one point, basically saying like, you're fucking lazy. Oh yeah. You said that to me. Yes. And this is back to the charm thing. Yeah. No one's gonna feel bad for anyone who's charming. I'm not asking for that.


Yeah. Yeah. But I definitely think you have to be more self-policing if you're charming. If you can kind of get away with murder, that's Interesting. Because You can get away with being lazy. Sure. And so it's weirdly like this wonderful gift you get given, but can also spell your demise. It Was a good lesson. And he said, yeah, that's so lazy. Like pull it together. And it had a big effect on me around This time, when you get the first thing, you're 29 ish in the nineties still, you had met Terry. Terry Knickerbocker had filled in and taught some of the classes. That's right. Yeah. And you got along really well with him. Yeah. And you asked him to help you on this audition. Yeah. But this relationship you developed with Terry, you have not not used him for a project since.


Yeah, that's right. Yeah. That's A very special relationship. That's like 26 years of doing that. I read a interview with him talking about you guys working together. Yeah. My understanding of what you guys do is even for The White Lotus thing that we all saw. Yeah. You sit down with this thing, you're not an addict. Right. So we start with the fact that you don't, yeah. You, Sam Rockwell doesn't know what it's like to be an addict. You're also not a Buddhist or an Eastern philosophy. No. So you and Terry's job is to start anchoring these details. Particularism, what is it called? Yeah. Particularizations as if substitution. Sure. So you and Terry have done this for 26 years, and I'm assuming when you're going through it together, you're exploring your own history and things that you can attach emotionally that resemble the thing.


Yeah. And so these sessions with Terry have to be really therapeutic now. Oh yeah. And he's a big therapy guy too. Are you free associating when you work with Terry? Absolutely. Yeah. And then letting everything out, like, oh wow, that's weird. That does remind me of blank. Absolutely. Like very intimate. So is it, yeah. Very intimate, Very. Say Terry might know you in a way better than any person alive. Yes. And I, him Now, as a super fan of yours, as I said I was and I followed everything. Yeah. I had periods as a fan of yours where I was like, oh no. Why isn't this guy getting what he deserves? What is your emotional ride through all the highs and lows?


Yeah. I've had some, A lot of my shit's been afterlife. Like I saw Moon and I was like, well, here we go motherfuckers. It's on what a performance. Jesse James Galaxy Quest had afterlife. I thought that was gonna be like Ghostbusters. You know, we went to the premiere. Yeah. Yeah. And it did okay. But like Jesse James bombed, even American Beauty beat out the Green Mile. But I've been lucky a couple, you know, like Vice and Charlie's Angels and stuff like that. But they're like moments. And then there's these lows, and then there's these highs, and then these lows, and then Three Billboards comes out, and then you win an Academy Award. And again, to me at that, if I'm you, yeah. And you're 49 at that point, maybe. That's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Did you have a lot of these moments where it was like, okay, well finally I can just take a breath and it's established and I'm safe.


I mean, every fucking day, you know, you're like, ah, can't I just relax? Yeah. When are we gonna cold? But you a little bit. You can't, as you know, as you get older, taking the working out stuff, for example, you gotta work even harder. You gotta memorize lines even harder as you get older, I think you wanna feel safe. You wanna go, oh, I have finally earned the right. You're never Safe, as you know. Right. You're never fucking safe. It's all An illusion of safe. It's All an illusion. That is, You're such an artist. I don't say that lightly. I don't think of many people as artists. You're such an artist. Nice. I could have this fantasy where it's like, oh no, he's never given a fuck. He finds another interesting thing to do. He focuses on that. And then another interesting thing, some of them pop, some of them don't. He doesn't care. He probably isn't motivated by money.


Like I can create that fantasy about you, but I don't know if that's actually the reality. I'm ambitious, whatever that means. You know, like you're ambitious to do good work. But I will say, I have turned down money and I have said no. I mean, that's the only power you have is to say no. Is that hard for you to do? Of course. I was unable to do it when they threw money at me. I always said yes. And then I paid the price ultimately for that. Did you, do you feel you paid the price for that? Yeah, because I knew I shouldn't do a thing originally. That's why I said no to, to begin with. And then they threw enough money at me and I, I said, yeah, I'll do it for that. What if I never work again? I need that money. All the rules have changed too. I think sometimes you can be too precious too, you know?


What do you hope people, if they had to finish this sentence about you as an actor, let's say you're dead. Okay. Sorry for a long Wind. Yes, Monica. Yes. I'm Dead. And people say he was blank. God, I had a good answer for that. Don't we always have a good answer on your gravestone kind of thing? And then I always forget. I think I know what you would want. What? What's that? Either he was adventurous. Yeah, that's pretty good. I like that. Which is also Slash you'd want that too, right? Slash brave. Yes. Slash brave or Dangerous. I don't think you, do you want danger, would You? Yeah. Well, every actor needs a little bit of danger, I think. What About you as a person? Forget Acting me as a person. Yeah.


Well, you know, I'm a pretty courteous, I'm a nice guy. But I mean, that's a good question. I don't know the answer to that. What would you want? He Was so playful. Oh, that's pretty good. I'm here to play. I came to this planet to play, and the more we can play, the better. Abso fucking lly. Yeah. Because it's a beat done. Everyone you love is gonna die. All the shit's gonna happen. Do you Ever see Manny Paia hit the midst with Freddie Roach? He's smiling. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. The relationship with those guys is really interesting. Pretty Roach is so fascinating. Pretty Roach is amazing. And they're kind of patting that boxer on the head, like their kid. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's play somehow. Still. It's play. You had a fun thing you're talking about in an interview.


You're saying like, people are so shocked when actors act. Yes. That's a good topic actually. I find that fascinating. I totally Agree with you. But Christian be like, that's a shocker. Why is that a shocker? Yeah. When they act out on set, you're saying, yeah, You pay somebody to essentially be a child. Yes. And then you're shocked when they act like a child. It's like, what? What do you expect, man? One minute. You're laughing, you're crying, you're like a little infant. Yeah, yeah. You're being paid to be an Infant. Yes. And then cut, and then somehow magically you feel like you did on Saturday morning. It's a little preposterous that that's the expectation. It's insane. I was doing Poltergeist, you know, it's basically an abduction film where they abduct your daughter, but it's a ghost.


Yeah. I did some scene where I was crying about my daughter and then I couldn't turn it off and you know, I had to go have a nice cry. And that happens a lot. Yeah. I had to go my take a break, let it all hang out. Sometimes that happens. Add in. I think the thing people don't necessarily realize is that everyone else's job is mechanical enough that it could be done and you had a rehearsal. So cameras already done. The dolly move 12 times. They have marks, they have all their settings. They're gonna do a good job. You are going to fail at your job many times in front of these a hundred people. That's right. You're gonna fail over and over again. Someone's gonna come talk to you. By The way, they fail too. You know, it's out of focus. But that's why after you failed eight times and you finally are getting it on nine and a guy drops a flag into the shot, it's a bummer because you're coming from fear so often.


You think that was the time. Absolutely. You're coming from fear. Alison Loman on Matchstick Men, she shot a scene. She had to cry and cry and then it was out of focus and they had to go back. And that happens. Violet Davis did that on doubt with Phil and Meryl Streep that happened to her. She had to shoot something again. Very emotional. How did you get on with Nick Cage in that matchstick? Man, We had a great time. I feel like you two are both equally weird in a way that could either be flammable or really wonderful. Well, You know, it's funny you mentioned Vincent. Justin and I, we were hanging out like we were doing these Elvis impersonations a lot. We would stay up late and do this improv that Elvis was at the parole board or something, and we would switch to take turns playing Elvis. Yeah, yeah.


And Vince was always the best Elvis and At the time. So I started doing basically Vince's version of Elvis for Nick Cage. And he had just gotten with Elvis's daughter. Oh right. And he's obsessed with El, Right? Yeah. Yes. And he married her on the film. During the film. They broke up. So I realized, oh, maybe this is not cool. But he was cool with it. He was laughing. We gotta talk about Bad Guys too. I love Bad Guys, Bad Guys. One is awesome. Yeah. It's fun as animation stuff. It's fun. Yeah. The premise of part two is they're now good guys. They're now good guys. They're on probation and then Hijinks and Sue. Yeah. Oh, and you have to be Bad Guys again.


Yes. Yeah. And it's all Danielle's fault. Yeah. We can't name it Bad Guys and not have you guys be bad. Yeah. Okay. You talk about walking a lot. Yeah. Who are your favorites right now? Who are you horny for right now? Christopher Wt always speaking of horned up. I forgot about the horned up elephant on the Safari who almost killed us. Oh, tell me. He was in heat, I guess, apparently. 'cause Oh no. Everything was a little scary, but pretty pleasant elephants. And then on the way to the airport, this very angry elephant came and they said, well, he's in heat. Was he dripping from the ears and shit? We Didn't get that close, thank God. But he was coming towards the car. Yeah. And apparently couldn't find a mate. He was tearing down trees. Oh no. He is like an incel. He was all horned up. He's An incel.


Yeah, exactly. He's a 10,000 pound in Elephant. No, he was angry. But yeah, Chris Walken. John Malkovich. Juno Temple's fantastic. Oh, What a monster. You know Pena. I had a great time with Pena. He's so good. I read the monologue with Pena actually. We were in South Africa and he was like, you gotta do this. I have a personal question about Leslie. 'cause we, she just came up and it just made me think, first of all, how'd you guys meet? I don't know if I know this story. We met at the, she. It's so Hollywood. It was She mine the She likes that. I love, that's a meet. Cute. Did you get The Bolognese? It's a meet. Cute. Huh? No, Bo, we used to eat the Bolognas. Yeah. Do they still have that There? Yeah, they do. Yeah, we met in the lobby and back then, you know, it was a little sketchy.


And there was a guy named Will, I think, and he introduced us. I knew, I knew her from somewhere. It was like that dream weaver moment. And we saw each other eye contact. And then I realized it was Talladega and stuff. And then I heard she studied at Bill's studio. Oh. And so, oh. I was like, oh, thank God she's not a shitty actress. Right, Right. Sure. Because you know, I like this girl. So Yeah. Yeah. 18 years. You're 18. Is it 18? Yeah. It's impressive. That's impressive. You too, right? Yes. But you travel so much extra impressive. I think. But we don't have kids, but we have a dog. And you Live in New York? We live in New York. And it was a choice. No kids is a choice. That's a choice.


Yeah. She just wanted dogs. And I was like, all right, let's do the dogs. We'll stick with the dogs. We'll stick with the dogs. Yeah. Well, my only failure in this is I know there's something juicy with Mom. We, this I, I wanna know. It can feel it. I can. I know. There's something Really juicy. I, there's always something juicy with mom. I mean, we need to, I mean, look at This. Sorry, one last question. You did. Confessions of A Dangerous Mind. Yes. This again, this is before you came to see me in the Growlings. I'd already wish, by the way, Didn't do well initially. And George killed It. Yes. Great fucking movie. You're phenomenal in it. Thanks. So for people who don't know, it's based on an autobiography by Chuck Baris, who was the host of The Gong Show. Did You ever watch The Gong Show? You're too young for that. Yeah. Yeah.


Oh, great show. It's a game show as it gets. It's the best show of all time. I wanna Find it on YouTube. Yeah. And the host of the show, Chuck Barris. Yeah. Wrote a book claiming he was a CIA operative. And then he had assassinated people. And then Charlie Kaufman took the book and adapted it into it. An amazing screenplay. And he stands by this story that he assassinated people while being a host of The Gong Show. He does. You hung out with him a ton leading up to it. A Ton. George gave me a video camera and said, just go live with the guy. Wow. And he was open to that. Oh, He loved it. And then Mary, his wife. Yeah. We hung out tons. He loved Les Paul, The guitarist. Yeah. He loved the duo. And then he would air guitar and he did all the lines for me.


Are you allowed to say what your kind of conclusion was? We don't think he really killed People. I think he had a nervous breakdown. Okay. And felt probably that although he created the dating game and he did a lot of cool shit. Maybe he didn't feel good about things and he probably made stuff up. But then again, sometimes I wonder. 'cause sometimes he would say stuff arresting and you'd kind of go, wait a minute. I mean, whether it's true or not, he probably believed it. I think he did. I'd say, how many people did you kill? And he'd say About 10 or 12. And I'd say, really? Wow. You say, how many people did You kill? Yeah. We got into it. Ah, one of the best scenes we had to cut. I think it's deleted scenes. Fred Savage plays the bellhop. There's these great scenes with the bellhop that are just amazing.


And I'm like naked with a beard. It's some of my favorite stuff. It's just the movie was too long. But we had a good time with that. Have You heard Elvis talk about the bellhops? No. What happened with the bellhops? There's a great bit of footage online. Of course, He talks about Bellhops. Yeah. He's on stage and he has missed some shows. And it's at the height of people accusing him of being an opiate addict, which of course he was. Yeah. And he goes, I wanna tell everybody I'm healthy and I'm not doing drugs. I'm doing karate. And you know, He goes, all this comes from those, those little bellhops, those little rats running around.


He's got this whole, Is this at the end? Yeah. Yeah. He might even be laying down on stage on his back telling This. Oh Wow. Wow. But he's talking about the bellhops and they're the ones that spread the rumors about him. Oh God. These little bellhops And you. Wow. Yeah, it's great. That's online. You could watch him. Didn't you always wanted to play. Remember Kurt Russell is Elvis? Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. He's Just fascinating character. My brother and I were obsessed with him when we were little kids. My brother's your age. Me too. Yeah. And we would call, when we were at a hotel, we would call the front desk over and over again. 'cause we thought it was so funny that Elvis would shoot his TV sets in hotel rooms. Incredible. And we just were like, what else did he do? So we would call down to the front desk at like 10 and 15 and go, well This is the king in 3 0 4.


I accidentally filled up a bathtub with a lot of sausage. Could you send somebody up to get all this sausage out? And it's just like, we'd try to think of insane things. We could call and say it happened in the hotel room, The banana cocoa puff sandwich or whatever. Banana peanut butter. You Peanut butter. See Vince's Elvis Peanut. Well, Everybody see Bad Guys too. That's out August 2nd. Yes. You're a delight. I told Monica, You guys are a delight. I Saw you. You're A ravishing delight Calendar. And I was giddy. I'm giddy. I'm horny for you. IM I'm for you, pal. I'm attracted to you. And I'm so glad you came. And how horny are we for Stanley Tucci? Come on. Oh, the, come on. We love Stanley All. Well, Rockwell, this has been so fun. Thanks for coming And thank you.


Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Get that out. Shake some sausages in my best too. All right. Meanwhile everyone see Bad Guys too. Check it out, man. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert. If you dare.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank. USA member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Michigan. Ding ding, ding. Oh, I'm such a proud Michigander. I love Michigan. The people, the nature in summertime, in Michigan, I'm telling you, I would put it up against any place in the world. It's such a beautiful state and it's a great place for everyone, especially kids, to experience all four seasons with beaches, trails, and snow. A stones throw away. What you may not know is Michigan is also a great place to work. You can have a quality lifestyle and a rewarding tech career. The fast growing and rapidly evolving. Automotive and clean energy industries offer opportunities for career advancement no matter what your skill level. Plus Michigan offers accessible housing, exciting nightlife, and an inclusive community for all. It's really a one of a kind place. And do not forget the Lakes. Lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes. Live your best nine to five and five to nine. You can in Michigan. Go to the Michigan life.org to learn more.


We are supported by Square. Your favorite neighborhood spots run on Square. We looked into the local businesses in our area that use Square. And it turns out some of our favorite places are square users. The Wiltern, Lalo, coffee and Frogtown. Yeah, That's a yummy Spot. I'll be on my bike ride and I'll slide in there. And they're using Square. Square is more than just the point of sale for local businesses like these. They know that local business can be big business, but with growth comes more complexity. And as things get more complex, square meets you at every opportunity. Whether it's expanding to new locations, building a loyal following, or covering cash flow gaps. What started as a little white card reader is now powering things behind the scenes square. Knocks out today's to-dos and unlocks. Tomorrow's what? Ifs. Go to square.com/go/dax to learn more. That's S-Q-U-A-R e.com/go/dax square. Meet you there.


He isn't our care expert buddy makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. We have this very special guest. We have the most special guest. My grandson, GRU is here. And there's a, there's a explanation for this. I don't want people to think I'm now someone who travels around or You're exploiting him. I don't want anyone to think I'm exploiting him or trying to get ratings, although obviously this will be a ratings boom because he's so charismatic and cute. Yeah. And but the reason he had to join us for the fact check. I posted a picture of Groot on Instagram doing a driving lesson in the truck.


And I think the perspective of him, 'cause the camera's right in front of him and, and I'm in the deep back, the comments are almost unanimously. Oh my God. Grut is humongous. Oh, how did he get lost? How big was the bag holding him? And how would you lose this bag? Okay. To the degree I was like, I think people think he's three feet tall now because of the perspective of the The photo. Yeah. So last night we were in bed and I asked Delta if it would be okay if Gru came on a fact check Proved His size Yes. To demonstrate his actual size. And she talked to him and, and he said, yeah, he is super excited. Okay. And so he had three different outfits that he was debating between, and we landed on this one.


And we can't move the Yeah, I'm gonna move the bag. So he has a little bag. He is a little, his little Gelson's bag. I can't wait to show you what's inside his bag. Also, he has a Stanley, he has his own Stanley. And it says Detroit, Michigan on it. How Did he get That? I don't know. But he knows his, I guess he knows his granddad's from Michigan or his grandma. Yeah, both. But he has his own Stanley that says Detroit, Michigan on it. Yeah. And he has this incredible, He has a great outfit all on. He does. He has little coveralls like me. What are they called? What am I wearing? Pants. Oh, Overalls. Overalls. Are they? Yeah, they, because he, if I unbutton. Oh, okay. I don't wanna unbutton because he's, he's Wearing a Sweater too.


Delta was very specific about what he was supposed to wear. Don't mess with me, but I can just show you. It's, it's overalls. Okay. His, it's it's overalls with some Frill. Frill. Yeah. And the beautiful red overalls. And then a gorgeous cardigan sweater over that. Yeah. Yep. And he has his cool shoes on and he has his Stanley Cup. And then do you wanna know what's in his bag? Yeah. He has a tiny bag from Gelson's, which is a LA grocery store. Yep. He has his Mac so he can do some work. He has a little tiny Mac his size. And it's a real Mac that looks just like a Mac. And are you ready for this? Yeah. I didn't even know that this was his favorite book. Hogwarts.


It's a miniature Harry Potter. He's not. It's a Harry Potter book. Oh my gosh. Gr loves Harry Potter. Of course. Gru loves Harry Potter. What a sweet. Of course he does. Isn't he the sweetest Boy? Yes. I love groove. Yeah. He's so special. Yeah. And if you want at any point to have him with you, just say the word We got in a little fight earlier because I asked if I could hold Groot and you said we could both hold groove. Yeah. And I said, but you always get to whole group. Why don't I get to whole group the Full time? You wanna The whole whole time. Yeah. Yeah. You didn't wanna share group? No, because I don't get enough time with Drew. I don't because I don't like to share. Well, Not when I don't get any other time.


And we have a little reward for him that Delta made for when he is done. You hold that up. That's with his appearance. It's a group beer float. A group beer float That she made. And if you aren't watching you, you have have to turn this on YouTube right now to See the group beer Flow to see this. This incredible. She made it out of maple syrup and milk. He has an entire miniature world. Yes. I mean, he's got his own computer and his Hogwarts book. It's in Incre Stanley. I like, I wanna be him. I do too. I said to her last night when she was trying on his different outfits, I said, look, when I come back in my next life, I would love to be gr and be under your care. 'cause he gets spoiled. Do you have any interesting stories?


'cause I do. You Do. Okay. Me too. Let's hear yours. I have a few stories. Okay. I think I'd like to hold group for this story. Oh great. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Here he's also, so come here, groove. Come here. Amber. Put a Stanley over here In case he gets thirsty. Okay. Have a little bit. Let's put it here so it's close. Okay. Okay. Now This is like practice. Monica. This could be the tipping point for you. Why don't I just get a groove? You might want to just get a crew. Yeah. It seems to be very God. He's smiling right at me. Yeah. This is preferred. I can't even believe I was fighting to hold him because it's equally as fun just to see him.


Yeah. He's so cute to look at. Yeah. He's so happy. Anyway, so I have, I had a ethical dilemma. Ooh. I like ethical dilemmas. So Callie and I went to a store as we do, we shop. Yeah. And we went and got lunch after. And we were on third Street, which isn't that close as, we're not there a lot. Right. So I guess I'm not, I don't know why that's important to me. For some reason it's important. I was out of Sorts. I've been there nonstop. Just sim I would never go to third Street in my real life. Yeah. But I have to take Lincoln there for several times.


Yes. During the weekend. Yes. I guess I'm just, I was a little out of sorts 'cause I wasn't in my normal spot. Yeah. And we have lunch and we're walking back to our cars and there is a unhoused woman. Oh My. This is impossible. 'cause my story also involves this, but go ahead. Okay. There was an unhoused woman. I mean, there was multiple unhoused people that we pass, but there was one specific woman who was on the opposite side of the street and, and just, you know, screaming nonsensical words and Angry or, 'cause there's many versions of the screaming. Sometimes it's really quite angry. Yes. And sometimes it's just like they're talking to someone that can't hear them.


Exactly. Yeah. So angry. Yes. Angry. But kind of hard to tell. If you just glance at her, you probably, you might not know she was unhoused or dealing with a mental issue, which she clearly was both. So anyway, we crossed the street and then all of a sudden she is walking towards us. She Locks onto you guys And is screaming at us. And that, for people who don't live in LA and don't encounter a lot of unhoused people, that's not normally the case. So they are often like screaming or making noise or talking and they're, but they're in their own world.


Yeah. And they're never normally in when they're in that state of mind engaging with you. So this was very weird. She was, she was looking right at us and she was talking to us like we had become the enemy. Oh. Oh, wow. Okay. And I, How old was she? Roughly? I would say 40. Okay, so roughly your age. Yeah. Okay. Maybe 42 or something. Okay. So quite a bit older than you. A lot older. She is bee lining towards us. Screaming, screaming, fuck you. Fuck you. And she's so mad. She's so mad.


You wanna fight? Oh my God. Whoa. Yeah. And this is your nightmare. I know. Yeah. And I, I, this is my nightmare mixed with, I'm pretty, actually weirdly good in these situations of clicking into how do I, I don't freeze. I'm surviving this, you know, and she is, she is gunning at me. And Kelly was like, okay. Okay. Like she was starting, she was kind of engaging with her. Yeah. Like, okay. Okay. Kelly's A little bit more like me. No, no. She's like you. I I think she's like neither. Like she, she's not gonna confront that person. Okay.


But she's also, like, one time in college, her and I were walking in the dark and there was like, kind of some crazy guys like driving by and they turned around in their car and I just grabbed her and like we, I ran her into this like, hooded area. So I take charge. Okay. She was just gonna stand there. Okay. Okay. So, so then she's coming at me and I left turn and sort of run into this laundromat. And I assumed that Callie was either, we Ditched her, he left her on her own. Okay. I assume she was either with me coming Yeah.


Or because I was like diverting the attention away that she could just run forward, run away. And then neither of those things happened. She didn't run. And, and then the woman as when I turned, she turned and went after Callie and was calling her the N word. Oh, okay. Screaming The N Word. Can I just, for the record, is extremely white. Yes. Just throwing it out there. That's right. Yeah. And so I'm just in the laundromat feeling like I force majeure. Force majeure is when I, an event that is biblical or Yeah. Mother nature. No, You know the movie force majeure? Oh No I don't. Yes, you do. It's the one with the, a avalanche.


So it's A Oh yes, yes. It's a movie, Swedish movie called Force Majeure, where a family is on a mountain and There's on a ski vacation An avalanche. And the dad ditches the family. Not only does he, did he kind of steps over one of the kids to run away. Yeah. They don't die. Right. The, it doesn't hit anyone. It doesn't hit anyone. So then they all have to get back together knowing that the dad just did that. Yes. Okay. So I feel like I force majeure. Okay. That makes a lot more sense. And I, I told her, 'cause then all of a sudden she pokes her head over to the laundromat window and like starts waving. And so I come out and I was like, how did you go into somewhere?


And she was like, no, she just ran after me and started calling me the N word. And I was like, why'd you? And then I felt really guilty and she told me not to feel guilty. But it really sh it really, I haven't been able to stop thinking about, I don't know if Gru should have heard this. Yeah, no. It's a great story that he needs to know about His Aunt Monica. Well, no, he, I'll never leave you. He needs to hear these so that he'll know when it's time this kind of situation happens to him. Okay. He's already heard it played out. So he might decide a, that he likes that. No, he'll already have a game plan. Or he might decide, oh, she regretted that. I'm going to make sure I always grab my friend. I didn't What?


You just, I'm just, I'm, I'm parroting what exactly what you I know. I'm just saying I feel guilty. You, but she said you don't need to. It was bad. It was bad. Where did She end up? Like how long were you in this laundry mat? Like, not that long. A minute or two. Yeah. Okay. So she just carried on. Did she didn't like get in the also, I really felt like, I really felt as soon as I entered the laundromat, like I was in some sort of movie. Oh yeah. 'cause it was an extreme situation. It was such an extreme situation. It could only be happening in a movie. Yeah. And then you end up in this laundromat where there's like, and then You're in everywhere. Everywhere all the time. Yes. And there's two people just sitting there kind of like looking at me. 'cause I ran in like all like, Like a guy with a knife was chasing you.


Yes. And I was like, sh that was cra there's a crazy, and then You start talking to strangers to them. But they, and now you're her. Well, they all ran, they ran next door to the dry cleaner. Yeah. It was, it was wild. But yeah, she told me not to. I really think my fast thinking was, we gotta get out of this person's. What's The closest she was to you? Really Close. Like What's really close? One foot, 10 feet, 25 feet Y where your knee is. Okay. So six feet. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. If my head was here, my feet would touch your face, I think. Right. So she's charging, charging by the time she gets to your like knee or calf is when I bolt to the left.


You Bolt? Yeah, I'm outta here. Okay. Fight Or flight. And it was flight. It was flight, but it was also like, Callie go Right now. So now you're kind of resentful at Callie too. Well I'm like, you feel maybe guilty and resentful. Yeah. Both. Yeah, sure, sure, sure. Like, take care of yourself. Go into a location. Yeah. But you bounced. She stayed there and then the gal obviously didn't close the gap entirely and touch Kelly, right? Yeah. She didn't touch her. No, she didn't. Okay. So last night, I'm gonna say we, but really Kristen, Kristen has, she wants things to be recycled in a particular way where they don't really just put it in a landfill. There's a service you can use in LA where there you have a box and you put all this recycling.


They actually take it to certified places that turn into park benches or whatever the heck the thing is. And so it's this box that's probably like 18 inches wide by 18 inches deep by 18 inches tall. Okay. Maybe 24 inches tall. So it's a good size metal box. And it sits in front of our house with those items in it. And then they pick 'em up in these bags. So Kristen comes in and she goes, A homeless dude took the box and he's on the bust out bench. Okay. And I, I need, I need to get it back. Oh no. And I go, okay, yeah, I'll go get it. And she goes, well, but you can't go out there 'cause there's a paparazzi out there. Oh. And I'm like, oh my God. This is, there's like, all of a sudden there's a lot going on.


Yeah. I'm like, where's the paparazzi? And this is an age old debate. I get it. It's frustrating to live with me. Like, it's not sufficient. You can't just tell me I can't do something. I gotta like know exactly why I can't do it. This is annoying part of me. So now I kind of wanna see the paparazzi, so I'm not trying to look over the fence. And she's like, what are, what are you, do? I told you what's going on? Why do you not, you know? Yeah. That passes. Everything's groovy. And I have ordered food. So now when I get the food, now we're going on 30 minutes later when I get the food, sure enough there's a dude with a huge telephoto lens. Like, you know, 20 feet away talking to the delivery guy and everything. And I'm like, oh God. Because yes, I cannot go get a box back from a homeless person no while.


And paparazzi's taking photos, God knows what people's assumption of that scenario would be. Agreed. So suffice to say a, a good hour and a half goes by before the paparazzi guy leaves in front of the house. So now I'm like, okay, I gotta go get that box. She really wants this box. Now, side note, maybe Rob will understand this. You're not watching mob land. Right? God, I want you to watch it so bad. It's so good. But Tom Hardy's job is, he works for a criminal family and he has to clean up all the shit that goes wrong. And he just says, yes, I'll go handle it. And he just does this very man, a few words. And he just, and he handles everything. Yep. He fix everything. That's like on you, the Show on Netflix.


That's like the TV show you, okay. So I go outside, look at the park bench, not the park bench. The bus stop. He's not there. Okay. Like, fuck, I gotta get this fuck. So now I get in the car and, and I start driving around and I'm driving around for a while. And at some point I'm like, oh. I'm like Tom Hardy. Like, I gotta get this box. It's somewhere in the city, God knows. But I'm not coming home until I find, find this box. Okay. I'm driving all the way down to the 1 0 1. I'm on Hollywood Boulevard. I'm on all the sides. You're looking, Looking for him specifically. I'm looking for the box. Okay. I've gotta get the box back. Okay. And the metal box. Right. I'm driving around for a while. I'm like, I got my hazards on at times.


'cause there's a lot, there's, as you know, in LA there's a lot of people to look at to see, oh, do they have the box all to say? I eventually come upon him, see a guy on another bus stop bench, and I look, oh, there's the box. Mm Mm Yeah. And I was like, oh yeah, I'm Tom Hardy. I found the box. Like I've been driving around for a long time and I didn't give up how long? And I found the box. I want to exaggerate so bad. Do the real thing. 20 minutes. Okay. Yeah. That is a long time. I will say, I think a lot of people would've given up. Yeah. So I went in the immediate area and I was going, you know, and then I went. So then I just go, I go up to the, the guy on the, and I go, Hey brother, that's, that's my box.


I gotta get back. And he's immediately nice. He's like, oh, sorry. And I go, yeah, no problem. I grab the box and he's like, oh, I have my stuff. Can I get my stuff up? Now I'm speaking a lot more coherently than he was, but I'm like, yeah, yeah, of course. So, you know, it's still got all the bags of recycling stuff. Yeah. And we go through that. And then there's weed pipes and all kinds of other Right. Just a bunch of stuff. Things he put in there. Bunch of Ziploc bags with God knows what. And he got his stuff back. And then I gave him 20 bucks. And then I got the box and I came home. And I felt like such a hero. Wow. I really did. I felt like I was Tom Hardy. My wife needed this box. Mm. It was somewhere in LA I found it. And I did it without, completely without incident. Yeah. That's Great.


And you know, as I am driving around, I am anticipating all the many outcomes of this. It could be. I say, Hey, that's my box. He says, fuck you. It's not my box. I'm coming home with the box. Trust me. Okay. And I, when I loved about it is it was like, I'm willing to participate in any option. I want the nice option. And it was the nice option. And it felt quite good. That is good. Yeah. 'cause he got 20, I got the box back. Everyone was happy. And it was an adventure. Great. Yeah. I isn't That funny that both of us had Incidents. Yeah. Yeah. It is. It's unfortunate. What's crazy is how completely normalized it is if you live here.


'cause I'm thinking if I was still in Milford, Michigan, listening to the story, like the notion that I would daily be right. As someone screaming at the top of their lungs, ob obscenities I know. And racial slurs, which is just like standard fucking business. It's standard. Yeah. It is. It is. I know I was driving by the gas station the other day and there was a woman there just standing, you know, just standing talking to herself. I barely know. You know, I, I barely noticed. And then I was like, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. We are, we we are so desensitized to Well, you have to, you have to. It's not our f it's not like a fault of ours.


It would kill you otherwise. Yes, Exactly. Yeah. You really don't have a choice. You're kind of like, Or you have to move. Like, you either. Yeah. It's really, but I saw a advanced screening last night of Edington, which is an upcoming movie, a premiered to Cannes. It has a lot of really cool people in it. All of whom I would love to have on the show. It is quite dark, but, but funny. What's It about? So it takes place during COD in New Mexico. Okay. And things. That's all you can say. That's all I can kind of say. Like, yeah. It's a lot of things ensue and Oh, wild poster.


It's got a bunch of American buffalo bison running off the side of a steep cliff in their, in various states of tumbling to their death. It Pokes fun at I would say everyone. Okay. During that time. I mean, 2020, it starts in May, 2020. And obviously a lot is happening At the time. The pandemic Black Lives Matter. The movie starts with a unhoused person kind of on this rant. Oh, okay. And that's what made me think of it. But it's very thought provoking and funny. Like we all, everyone across the board went a bit crazy.


Oh, absolutely. And both Sides. You get to see that. Yeah. And it's, and it's, it's, it's good. I think a lot of people are gonna be talking about it when it comes out. So, so shout out to Edington and Joaquin Phoenix, Pedro Pascal and Emma Stone. Please come on this show. Also, three of the 10 best actors alive right there. I know Jo Joaquin Phoenix Is a phenom Is such a special actor. Oh, absolutely. He's in that heath category. Oh yeah. And it's so compel, like, he's just so Compelling in all the ways Yeah.


This, this, yeah. The tenderness. Yeah. Yeah. I've hung with him a few times and I am completely charm by him and think he's so wonderful. How's it going? Groot? He's at work with Take Your Grandson to Workday. Yeah. Do you need to hold him again? I love looking at his little smile. Okay. Have you seen Sinner? Not yet. Oh man. I saw And I immediately, of course wanted to talk to Joy about it. And I just hadn't, I had been busy. And then this morning after I dropped Delta off, I called her and we had like a 45 minute conversation about it. What did she have to say? Is there anything you can say if people haven't seen it? It just Led to this incredible conversation between us about blackness, whiteness, masculinity, socioeconomic stuff, identity, how complex it all is and how special the, the resilience of that group of people is.


And what has been the product of that Black people. Yeah. Black people. The product has been the best art that this country has created Yeah. Is out of that heartache and Art, athletics, e everything. Yeah. Well, I mean, one aspect of it is, is there's, there's also some Irish stuff happening in it. And Joy was saying when she first saw it, she's like, what? I don't, why is there an Irish jig in this movie? And I was like, and I haven't read anything about it. She's read a ton about it. One of her best friends is in it, so. Oh, cool. Yeah. Yeah. She had gone to like an early screening and I said, well, what did the things you read said? Because I immediately went like, yeah, that's true of the Irish too.


Like, they were, you know, discarded by the English. And what came out of that is like this incredible music, the dancing, all this stuff. And it's just such a weird phenomenon that out of that suffering can come some of the greatest releases Yes. Through artistic expression. Yes. This is quite beautiful. And yeah, the thing I I, I think is so crazy. If you're the, if you're the aliens looking at us from above and you understand genetics and alleles and, and genes, and you're like, let me get this straight. There's like a million Genes. Two of them di dis di dictate your skin color.


And this whole artifice is based off of maybe the most minute bit of your genetics imaginable. Yeah. Like, it's just insane. I know how strong and permanent the thing is when it's such an insignificant piece of humor. I don't know. Yeah, it is. I Know. Oh, it's just a wonderful conversation. I just have so much gratitude to have her in my life, to have very in depth and honest conversations. That's nice. About that stuff. Yeah. Nice. Great fucking movie. Yeah. I wanted to bring up that. I think the sim is really, really on another level right now.


Okay. Or I'm really in sync with it or something is going on. 'cause I've had so many si like weird sim moments lately. Last night after I got back from the movie, I was thinking about, Did the movie invite you to that? Yeah. Ah, cool. Yeah. So Pedro Pascal's also in a movie coming out soon called The Materialist, which I really, really, really wanna see because it's the Director of Past Lives, which is one of my favorite movies I've seen in the past decade. I think. I know. I've seen that movie, seen that, oh my God. With Greta Lee. It's so, it's so good.


It's so small. Like, it's a story of love and loss and the complexity of all those things and relationships, like how complicated they are. Yeah. And anyway, it's a beautiful movie and same director and I'm, so I'm really excited to see that. Yeah. And I was thinking about that and seeing it, and then I was like, it reminds me past lives. Reminds me of this other movie I saw on an airplane. And I couldn't, I was like, what is that movie? And it was like, foreign, but I couldn't remember. And then I started listening to this random fashion podcast.


Okay. That like minutes later the movie comes up. That movie That you were trying to think of. The name of the foreign film. Yes. The Worst Person On Earth or the, oh, Worst Person in the World. Worst Person In the World. Thank you. Think I've seen now one. It's so good. Yeah. What's it about? It's a Norwegian woman and like, she falls in love, but then there's like a cheating. I mean, it's just like a comedy romance, but deeper. Okay. And also a really beautiful story. It's an incredible movie, but it, I, I was, I couldn't remember it. And then they said it. Oh my God. That sim Within like 10 minutes of all the movies in the whole world.


That's weird. Yes. That is Really weird. And then another sim, we have upcoming guest. Great episode. I was editing. And she's from, no, she brings up Lowell, Massachusetts. Okay. And when I was editing it, I, you know, I get to that part, Lowell, Massachusetts. And my jaw dropped because just hours before I was on Instagram. And what pops up this clip? Oh, we're Not in Boston. We're in Lowell, Massachusetts or Massachusetts. I cannot ever, Massachusetts.


Massachusetts, I dunno, whatever. Massachusetts. No, we're not. So that was in us. Is it random people or is that No, that's Jessica Simpson. That's from newlyweds. Oh my God. And It was a big, like, she couldn't me remember that show. Like she, Yeah. She said things wrong. She Said things wrong. She did things wrong. She couldn't do the laundry. You know, whatever. Yeah. That was the Premise. The tuna. Yeah. And Oh yeah. What was the tuna bit? Chicken of the Sea or Tuna. And she didn't know it. If it was tuna, If there was chicken in the Sea. I was on that show. You Were, I was, because it was when I was over there shooting that video. And then somehow I was just like, I wanna say went in the hot tub and maybe got drunk or something. Oh my God. And then all of a sudden they were shooting the show. And then I think it was just, I think, Wow.


That's a big deal. It was a big show. It was. I loved it. Anyway, that popped up on my Instagram. She sang Lowell, Massachusetts. Don't act like this Isn't nuts. Don't brush this off. The last thing I'll add before we do facts is if, in case you're curious why I have this crazy haircut. Oh yeah. It's because Have you seen the Brad Pitt GQ ad article? I did see it. Photo shoot. You did or didn't? I did. And what did you think? Hot as hell. God damn it. Yeah. I know. It's almost like the older he looks, the hotter he is. He's got like dirt on his face. He looks So good.


He's got a shaved head. He is got like a white, Not every one of his cohorts is aging the way he is. I, I'll say that without disparaging anyone in particular. Fuck me. Look at, You know what is weird though? What This has been tripping me out as he gets older, he does a little bit look like my dad. Which is crazy. I think primarily 'cause my dad had really full, big lips. Oh. And just a similar fa Yeah. I, I just like, oh my God. Like my, wow. My dad was almost Brad Pitt. That's cool. Just needs to go a few degrees one way or the other. That's Really cool. Yeah. But him riding the motorcycle on the beach and his, he's got the goggles and his face is all dirty.


Fuck. He's a stud. He's just laying that one shot of him laying like he's just taking a breather, thinking, laying down his back in a white tee. Yeah, I know. So anyways, I saw that. Yeah. And I lost my shit. Yeah. I can't even, I I know, you know what it does to me, but it does. It's so powerful. I know. It, it gets me. So, like, I love that. Yeah. And, and so I'm like, I, I've had a shaved head. I look terrible with a shaved head, but I want now a shaved head Right in a gray beard. Yeah. In whatever motorcycle is riding the whole package. Sure. I basically was like, what's the closest thing I can do to a shave hat? Yes. And I landed on this Mohawk Mohawk For the listeners.


Dax has a mohawk. It looks great. It's not a huge, you don't hate it? No. Okay. Go. It's not a huge mohawk. It's like, It's a mini Conservative mini. It's a mini hawk. Yeah. It's like maybe two inches long. Yeah. It's nice. Yeah. And I've really tried to think about what's going on. People love superheroes, right? They, they love superheroes for all these many reasons. Yeah. And I really think, like for me, he's as close to a real version of that for me. He's kind of like the superhero to me. And so when I see him doing his superhero thing, I just, yeah. I, I don't know. Yeah. The titillation is like, wow. How could he have now this facet as well?


It's just like, it never ends. I don't get sick of it. It's always a new look. There's always, he's in a dress at one point, you know, somewhere. Yeah. I'm like, fuck. That's a rad dress. Yeah. Yeah. I just think like the endless, like, he remains novel at all times and he is aging. So it's like the, the it the story keeps on evolving. Yeah. He's great. I do think though, I try to think about like, as much as I would love to look like him and stuff, I also imagine it's a burden For Sure. It has to be a major burden. Like, I don't know how the outside thing wouldn't infect the internal identity. Yeah. You just have to truly be a superhero at that point for that.


Not to just that. To not be like some kind of super, well Even superheroes have kryptonite. Well One does. Yeah. They all have, They all have a thing. They all have a fatal flaw. Yeah. They do. Any who? Okay. Yeah. That's my hairdo. It's your hairdo. That's my hairdo. It's nice. So I Do. Rudy, it's been a pleasure having you. You Thanks for coming. Yeah. Do you wanna stick around for facts? Groot? Yeah. Oh my God. His smile just got bigger. It really did. If you guys aren't watching this fact check, you just must, If your heart can handle it. If it can handle it. Warning. Ugh. All right. Love you. Love you.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


There We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, you know, to check your flights on time first before heading to the airport. Like, you know, to check your presentation is saved first before closing your laptop. That's one mistake I'll never make again. Woo. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Okay. Some facts. I've really invited myself. That's great. Maybe the most I've ever done. Did you just get in the Car? I was like, I would love to come to this with you for the screaming of this movie That's just for cast members that I'll be up. He Did invite. He did invite you though, in Here. No, it was, I was, he was like, you guys wanna come As a, like no one would wanna come as a joke. Yeah. I'm, this is clearly a joke. Don't say yes. I'm not really inviting you. Would you like to come? Yeah. And I said, absolutely. Good for, I'd love to come for you, Man. And then right before the movie started, like the directors all stand up. There's three of 'em. And they're gonna tell everyone what they're about to see. Yeah. And I go, I just, just really quick, if I was cut out, I would like to know before the movie then find out after.


Did people laugh? Yeah, it worked. Oh, okay. But it was a big swing. That's a swing. 'cause like they could, like I had a call out that I had no business being at this. I know. But maybe people would think, oh yeah. Was he supposed to be in it? 'cause he is not. This is horrible. I had a little bit of a fear that they would be like, oh my God, I didn't a, I didn't even know he was in it. They didn't even announce it that he was in it and fuck, he didn't make the cut. And he's here to wa. Yeah. I really was nervous. Some people would think that I admire you. You take a lot of swings that most people wouldn't. And look, most of them work out. I mean, at least above 50%. Yeah. Enough to encourage me to keep doing it. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. My family relishes when I miss and I get it.


Wow. I get it. It must be so fun when I come up short. 'cause they know I'm taking all these swings. Yeah. That's how I feel. Yeah. But then it feels bad. It's like Shad and Freud. I actually don't like that feeling. You don't want me to fail. But it's also funny to watch. It's like, look, I, well, and it feels more like The bill's gonna come due. Just like Exactly. Like, just like that's the way life is. You can't just get out of this. Yeah. Justice has been served in a way. Justice. Yeah. Justice. My favorite thing. Yeah. But that one worked. That one worked good. Fun. Great. I mean, ding ding, ding. You took a big swing at Stanley Tucci house by reading the book. Yeah. Which I brought up on this episode And I didn't even really remember that part.


I Know. Yeah. Well I was doing an Italian accent, I think. Yeah. My mama, my papa. Okay. Anyway. Anyhow. All right Sam. Well, Sam's Sam. Sam. Sam is Sam. I am. Yeah. He's the king. We talked about for a second transference in therapy. Mm. Transference refers to a patient's unconscious redirection of feelings and desires about past significant figures in their life onto their therapist. So this means the client may unconsciously project their emotions and expectations from previous relationships onto the therapist. For example, a client might experience love, anger or dependence towards a therapist, similar to how they felt towards a parent or other important figures in their past.


So Do you have this, do you experience this? I don't think so, but I, I do think I did it recently. Mm. And I, I knew it. I was like, oh my God, I'm doing this thing to her. Yeah. I mean, it was a complicated scenario, which I've told you, I've now told you about separately or on an upcoming episode, people will hear about it. Yeah. There was a complicated scenario happening and I was having a feeling about her that I have about other people. Yeah. And I knew then I was like, oh, I'm just doing this to her. But then what was interesting is then when her and I talked about it, she was like, yeah, I shouldn't have done, like, I didn't say you shouldn't have done that.


I was like, oh, okay. So this has been going on and I'm realizing this. And she was like, I should not have done that. So that it was interesting. Ah. Yeah. Anyway, I just love my therapist so much. Yeah, you love her so much. And when I was watching the new season of couples therapy, I was like, she really has orna vibes. Oh wow. That's a huge compliment. I know, I know. I used to tell my therapist about how great Orna was. How could that be Fun to hear. I Know. No one wants to hear that. Yeah. Or Phil Stutz. When we were obsessed with Phil, I would share with Right. My therapist, how much I like Phil Stutz. Yeah. But I had to be honest. That's the point. But Maybe I didn't. Yeah. Oh Yes, yes you do. You do in therapy.


Yeah. Yeah. But if someone's just going on and on with you about how much they love a certain podcast that's not yours. You know, they might at some point like rein it in. Yeah. It's like, have some awareness. Yeah. Yeah. Some social awareness. Okay. Now I don't, if I've done it, I've not been conscious of it. Yeah. I don't think I have. Like, I don't think that's something I've like role played or Yeah. It's all subconscious. Yeah. It's not like, Well I think sometimes it's, it's explicit. Right? Maybe like, have a conversation with me. What would you say to your dad? Oh sure. But that's, so you're almost like inviting Yeah. Yourself To take on, think that's different Dad Role. This is like the pattern you get in that's negative that you're there to figure out.


You st that person be the therapist becomes that person To you. Yeah. They need to fill that role. Yeah. It's pretty, We're embarrassing. Right. But We're trying to be better that that's the point of it. And I That's The endearing part. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I looked up the Tanzania safari animals versus the Kruger ones. Okay, great. Okay. So what are you Finding? Tanzania? I'm seeing wild beast, giraffe hippopotamus. Cheetah zebra, leopard lion, flamingos American, I mean African American, bald eagle, African buffalo.


Oh boy. There's really a lot of them. So I'm not gonna keep going Now as far as Kruger, You, what is cute is you said wild beast. That's Wildebeest. Yeah. Yeah. It's just someone will say in the comments, I wanna save them the wild. Here's what they've got in Tanzania. Wild beast. I mean, that's cool. Wildebeest. Yeah. Oops. The density. I don't wanna shit on anyone else's African safari, but just as a fact, the density of animals on the Clemetti reserve is so many astronomically higher than almost everywhere else, other than Botswana.


That's cool. Yeah. Okay. Now in Kruger there, Kruger, national Park, Famous Leopard, African buffalo. Again, Wild beast Wildebeest. Cheetah African wild dog, common warthog. Now I'm like really nervous. I'm gonna read something wrong. Impala, vervet Monkey, blue Wildebeest. Yeah. Some others. I'm not seeing like lion. So they have 'em there in Kruger. I think that's where famously one of those lions got into the bus window. Really? Yeah, That's, Yeah.


That makes me really not gonna go. Do you have interest in going on a safari or it's not huge For you? It's not on the top of my list, Dude. You're not like an an animal person. Brand new brand information. It might be, remember I'm the, that told is Yeah, seahorse seahorses. I didn't know what a seahorse was. 'cause Indians, your Dad didn't Know either. Don't know that much about animals. They don't fuck with seahorses, I think. Yeah. They mainly have Bangled Tigers. Tigers and elephants. Exactly. They fuck with elephants only. Yeah. Okay. So I was Googling. Do koalas have chlamydia?


If you just type in, do koalas, it auto fills John Oliver famously, do you remember this? He had, he had a long running bit and it had to do with somehow Russell Crow, I don't remember it involved Russell Crow. Okay. And so Russell Crow to get back at him, bought a plaque for him at the Chlamydia award for the, oh, I Koalas I think too Vaguely Remember. So it was like the John Oliver Koala cl chlamydia lab, you know, like it was a nominal Yes. Donation required to have his name permanently associated with koala chlamydia. Yeah, koala chlamydia. Oh Yeah.


It is a significant threat to the koala populations in Australia causing blindness, infertility, and even death. O experts estimate that between 20% and 90% of koalas are infected with also. That's, That's a huge delta there. Yes. Yeah. I don't love that. That's like saying somewhere between none and all. Yeah, but it's probably because, because there's such stigma. The koalas aren't self-reporting. Yeah. Probably. It's hard to get them to self Report Part of, okay. Yeah. Between 20 and 90%. That is literally like saying it's between none and all. I think they mean in certain location, like certain populations of them. Okay. Range. Like some areas they have most have it.


Yeah. I wanna be in the group with 90%. Why that means they were fucking a lot But might Die. That's the evidence of party being a party Animal. Koalas are party animals. They are they ultimate, as we now found out. Oh, I guess like They're bed hopping. I guess. I'm not a koala. It's Okay. Yeah, you're a chinchilla. We should look up the chlamydia rate of chinchillas. I bet it's low. They're mostly in cage. 'cause no one wants to have sex with That. No. 'cause they're, they've taken themselves out of the population And they, they're like goo. They don't have ribs I think. But maybe they do. They have floating ribs. That's Why I am definitely not a chinchilla. I have pretty prominent ribs. Pronounced ribs. Yeah. Strong ribs to house those eggs.


Okay. Was Nixon elected November 5th, 1968? Yeah, his birthday. Good job. Sam's Birthday. Really cool. I thought that this episode, like if you're in acting school or in theater program, like I was, I just thought like, oh, if I was in my high school theater right now, or in my college theater, I would love to listen to this. Yes. Because he talked about Meisner, he talked about some direction from Philip Seymour Hoffman in a play that was very interesting. And he mentioned Eric Gian like very, very quickly and he's a huge playwright.


Like when he, he mentioned him as he was in a scene with him. Ah. And I was like, oh, the guy who wrote suburbia. Like he's a very big playwright. And I would've been very excited if I was really in that moment. Yeah. I thought, oh, you wouldn't get it if you weren't a theater head. Yeah, I didn't get that. Yeah. So if you know anyone in a theater program, send this episode their way. You know what's really funny is like in general, as people who listen to the show would know, I don't, I'm not generally interested in how someone acts. Yeah. There's just a handful of people and it's really dictated by do I think they're doing something that's absolutely extraordinary. I, within the discipline, and I think he's one of the very few people I am want to know how they do do this doing or if they even know.


I agree. Yeah. It would be like if we had Christian bail on, we're asking him about acting. Yeah. I wanna know how he breaks this down and gets to where he gets. Yeah. Speaking of both of them, I was trying to find the clip of I Bet You did. You Rascal Hard to find, which was in Vice Best Line of the movie, Best Line. Sam plays Bush and Christian Bale plays. She keeps You Rascal Chaney and I couldn't find it. Ah, bummer. No, it's a great line. But also I was watching it. This Could be one of these lines where it's not even in the movie. No, it's you come to find out, you know how like you've just been saying it so long. Oh, when you find out, oh my God, it's not even what he said. Or it's a different movie or something. Yeah. Anyway, they are both, I was just watching like a three minute clip because I thought that's where it was.


And they're both so good and so undetectable. The real person. It's wild. Yeah. Some people are just born to do certain things. He, in particular, his gift is being a chameleon. Yeah. I remember watching Vice and like I thought about it for the first nine seconds, he was on screen and then I never thought about it again. And it really was just Cheney. He's, yeah. Yeah. He can really do that. Like what if he had never found acting, He'd be a drug addict?


We'll ask next time and if we ever get him on. Okay. Meisner, just really quick, we didn't get too deep in this, but I do think it's worth, there's all these activities and all these rules and all these things. We did a lot of Meisner in school and I was keeping it to myself, obviously. Yeah. You don't wanna Brag. Make me feel insecure for my lack of training. Yeah. But the main thing you think of when you think of Meisner is this repetition exercise, which is like two people are in a room and I observe something. You are wearing a white shirt, then you'll say, I'm wearing a white shirt.


I say, you're wearing a white shirt, I'm wearing a white shirt. And you keep going back and forth until you notice something like naturally changes. And you say that and then it's, and you keep going back and forth, But you're obligated to not steer it in any direction. Exactly. Oh, it's really hard. Yeah, I wanna do that. I mean, I don't wanna make everyone else sit through, but I wanna do it. Okay. Yeah. Later. You're wearing a black shirt. I don't wanna do it. Okay. Okay. The original Gong Show that was on NBC from 1976 to 1984 years, Again, four years. All these things I thought were on for 12 years. Yeah. I thought Duke Seha was on for like 10 seasons.


I know. That's me with Full House. A lot of these shows were like average hits. Yeah, I know Mary Kate Ashley. Oh, it was on for eight seasons. Nevermind. Oh wait, no, they might be counting later ones. No, I think that one was on. Was it that one really ran, didn't it? I mean, I thought, but then, oh my God. Speaking of cool stuff, success, because Full House, we were talking about Full house and that's cool stuff to me. Yeah. Cool stuff. Actually, no, speaking of successful things, speaking of Mary Kay and Ashley, the Row, yeah. Estimated billion dollar company. Valued It. Valued at a billion dollars. Yeah. I just read today that Hailey Bieber's makeup company road, which is very good.


I like a lot of their products, was bought for a billion dollars today. I was just somewhere she was at and I didn't talk to her, and now I wish I did. So I could ask her about her company. I'm kind of obsessed with her. You are. She's really a powerhouse business person who's been like, you know, looked at as Justin Bieber's wife, who, and not only that, like stole him from Selena Gomez, like pegged into the, was that the story? Yes, that's the story. So she's been villainized a ton. Were they Together? They were. Okay. And she's also someone's daughter? Yeah, she's Steven Baldwin's.


Yeah. Yeah. So she has a lot of people that could overshadow her and she's like, no, I think it's awesome. I'm gonna get a billion dollars. You Can ask Me for money. Yeah. And we will ask her for something. We will ask her for something. Yeah. Anyway, I just think it's cool when women make a billion dollars. Me Too. I love it. I just love it. All right. Well, oh, oh, oh. One thing that I wrote down when he talked about Philip Seymour Hoffman, and he said, you know, he was always the sober guy. Yeah. Like that was like who we was to them. Yeah. So it really caught them off guard.


And that made me feel really sad. Yeah. And I understood it. It's like sometimes that becomes your identity. So much so that, I don't know, does That make sense? It was all interesting. He's, he's very legendary in the AA world. Philip In what way? He just was like, people would hear him speak and he could speak in a way that was very eloquent. Yeah. And like whatever his skills were as a humanist to be an actor. I think also was him sharing. I just have ran into lots of people who had seen him share over the years. Yeah. You know, like he's such a special dude and Yeah. So yeah. That was one of the bigger ones that shook the community.


Yeah. Ugh. It's so sad. It really, Yeah. Like it's one thing when this sounds, it's all horrible. It's always so sad. But when you know someone is struggling That they had it licked at one point. Is that what you mean? Well, I mean, when you know, when you know someone's like a constantly back and forth and it's like a constant struggle when some, when it ultimately gets them, it's so sad, but you're not like, you're Not shocked. Well, Fuck, this doesn't work. You know? But when it's someone like this where, where he's the sober guy, he's done it.


Yep. And then it still gets him. It's Never too Late. Exactly. Yeah. It makes me really scared. Yeah. Scared is the right, yeah. Sad and scared. Sad and scared. Yeah. You just be careful. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll, I'll, I'll try not to shoot dope. Yeah. Well, any of it. Yeah. Yeah. But there is, there's a sliding scale of lethality for sure. Yeah. But that scale gets away from everyone fast. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, love you. Love Sam Rockwell.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey.


This is Nick, and this is Jack. We're best friends, ex-fiance, guys, and resident nineties experts, and every week on our podcast the best idea yet we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit, or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one, which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame, and then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the Orange Mocha. Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wondery App or wherever you get your podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doctor.