
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan She and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Hi. We have a big time party on today, Whoa Sarah, party Pulson. Most people don't know that's her middle name. Sarah Party Pulson. She's so fun. She's outrageously fun. She's an Emmy Antonia Award-winning actor. American Horror. Story Ratchet. My favorite. Yeah. Ocean's eight 12 Years of Slave American crime story in a new movie out right now on Hulu.


Hold Your Breath about the horrific Oklahoma dust storms that came in the thirties Also recently, I saw she was somewhere and she was wearing the row. Was she on the day you guys were really geeing out about your outfits? Gosh, don don't. Was she wearing the raw that Day? don? Don't remember what she was wearing that day. Okay. But she was on my Instagram. She's got style. Yeah, she does In in a ton of personality. She Was leaving that day, like leaving the next day to go to Milan for Fashion Week. I was so jealous. Oh, My Paulson. Sarah. Party Paulson, please enjoy Sarah Paulson.


We are supported by Audible. I love Audible. I've been listening to so much Audible lately because I've been taking these naps a lot. I always like to listen to Audible to go to sleep. Now look, it's a special feeling when you encounter a story that truly sparks your imagination. Whether it's imagining new worlds and possibilities, or discovering new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. That's why we love listening to the amazing titles they have on Audible right now. I'm listening to Wim Hof. Yeah, and you are really into it. You were explaining a lot of the pieces to me. Yeah. And I lost you a little bit. I'm listening to Inter Metzo by Sally Rooney. Is it great? Yeah, It's great. Audible truly has the best selection of audiobooks without exception. From best sellers to new releases, to exclusive Audible originals, there's always something to discover. As an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500. 500.


We are supported by Sonos. Oh boy, boy. Sonos is my favorite product in my whole life. I'm listening to it all day long. I'm in the gym listening to Sonos. I'm at homeless. I'm watching TV with my Sonos soundbar. I mean, It's so, it really changes the whole experience of listening. Look, you're listening to the podcast right now, but how are you listening? If you're not listening on a Sonos speaker, you don't even know how amazing the dset tones of our voices can sound. Sonos is known for having the absolute best sound quality of any speaker on the market. You've gotta hear it. And as good as Sonos can make us sound, imagine listening to Pink Floyd on a Sonos speaker, or hearing the booming dramatic music in a great action film on a Sonos soundbar game. Changing another incredible feature of Sonos. Their integrated sound system makes it easy to play anything in any room. I love that it's easy to use too, So you can keep your dance party going throughout your whole house. Visit sonos.com/dax to learn more. That's sonos.com/dax.


He's an Sound of those feet Bounding up the stairs. He's late. He's late. He's bounding. I heard a bound. I Sometimes have a good excuse and sometimes I have a really bad, this is the worst excuse. We started. So many conversations. Did. We Had a Bunch of conversations. We already so many pins. Did you earmark 'em all? Yeah, We did. I didn't I leave that up to you? Hi. Because guess what? My job is just to sit here and Yeah. Yeah. It's nice.


Right? I really, I'm very into your particular armchair. Do you wanna try it? You would really blend in 'cause you're in blue and it would just, I worry that I would never get up. I think you would. That's good. Really? Okay. Let's try it. hold on my hip. You're having a hip issue. Oh my God. Look at this. What if we reversed order today? We Did this with David. I feel like Edith And. I like my baby. Yeah. David Har. you Know my name is Ath Ann And. I. Feel like I'm like this. A little girl. A little girl. Hi, David Harbor. Start here. I feel, did you start from, feel the outside in for your characters? I do now. I didn't use to. So You could even extend that out beyond your outfit. Into your chair. You sit in. Oh Wow. You could start with a prop this time.


I just like how willing you were to give it to me. You're like, you wanna try it. I have a lot of respect for you. I don't know if you know this. We're 15 days apart. Wow. Really? I was born January 2nd. January 2nd. I'm December 17th. So you're 1975 though. Yes. Yeah. I'm 70. 74. I know. My father was very upset by that. Oh, is this fun? Now I get to look at Monica sometimes. Oh, this is so weird. You don't like It. We can go back. Let's go back. No, I kinda like It. I don't like it. 'cause I don't really get to see. Okay, we gotta go back. We're gonna go back. Monica. I was willing to do it this way though. Needs I do. We're changing it up and I'm learning how to speak them. That's super Flexible. Monica. Not Rigid, rigid, rigid Rigidity. I will own that. She's not rigid, like frigid or what would the bad words we'd use Thank.


You. They're generally misogynistic, I think. Yes. Is there a man we could call frigid? We would call him fastidious. Wow. That's a good word though. That's fastidious. Good. SAT word. Fastidious. Yeah. It's also good for the literation. Fastidious. Can I own how embarrassing it is. Why I'm white. Yes. So I have plenty of time. It was so nice that you were two today and I know there was confusion, whether you were 11 or Two. It wasn't my confusion, but, but here I am. Drove all the way back. It was great for me. I liked to throw everyone else under the bus. It wasn't our confusion. No, it was someone named Adrian. Okay. Adrian. Fucked up guys. Okay. Yeah. Don't worry. I sent it. I got a, sorry, Adrian. Dear Adrian, I want you to know, this was really hard. I write to you on the other side of a ruined day.


A day. I could not get back. Adrian. You don't know what I planned. Oh. Because I am rigid. Okay. So I was like, oh, it's so much time. So I watched your movie. I watch half in bed, And, then I, watch Half all working out. Mm. Then I made myself for the first time ever, I ground some elk. Tons of, excuse me. Yes. Tons of, wait a minute of Protein. Time out. I'm a non meat eater. So you've really, oh, you are. I lost. So wait, you ground some elk like, well, hold on. Little baby elk flesh. No, no. What do you mean an elk antler? I purchased it. Ground process. Ground elk. Yes. And it's got 88 grams of protein in a pound, which blew my mind. So it's my first time cooking elk. Everything's golden. I got some egg whites, some milk. I'm sitting and eating. My wife and her good friend, Ana come in and we get engaged in a political conversation, which I tend to avoid.


Avoid. And they were really buying it. They were like really into these points. I was making And. then I literally started pontificating and lost track of time. 'cause I was drunk on the approval that was happening. So it was like maybe the worst reason ever to be Like, but a very relatable reason. I can really relate to this. Can you? It's like, yes. Anytime someone says anything nice to me, I do kind of think, wow, I should sit in this space for a minute. Or if you're interested in my point of view, great. You're not gonna get me upstairs to my armchair podcast. And I wanted to be here. It wasn't none of that stuff. It just all of a sudden I looked up And I was like, oh, I've been pontificating for quite a while. This is embarrassing. I must run. Now I of course wanna know what points you were making. It's the same, but I'm also scared.


But I am interested. Oh Yeah, it'd be bad. Oh, Well what's really fun is the The eating dogs, they're eating cats. They're eating the pets. Right? this is insane. Right? This Whole thing. And it's going around and it's a meme and people have made songs about it and they were saying it. And I said, here's where I think the left doesn't get it a little bit. Of course they're not eating dogs and cats, but there are lots of people on the border of Texas, Arizona where they look in their backyard and there's like 12 people moving through their backyard. They're very scared. They don't really care if it's dogs or cats. They're just going like, okay, so this guy understands. My comp was if you live in LA we have a relationship with the homeless that we wouldn't have if we didn't live here.


I think. And so if Trump gets on and says the homeless are eating dogs and cats, I'm like, they're not. But this guy's concerned about the thing that's around me nonstop. So we think, 'cause we have the factual point that we've won, but we're failing to dig a little deeper and go, why does that crazy lie still appeal? What is the foundation? Why That's an appealing statement. I'm very afraid of all the people coming over the border. you know? That's what they're saying. So anyways, that was the conversation. That's interesting. I guess what I feel about it is my comp to this would be, but it's the same thing as only watching M-S-N-B-C or only watching Fox News. It's like you just wanna be told the thing that will make you feel like all the things we wanna be told, seen, understood, heard.


Part of a group of people who have a shared sense of whatever matters to you makes you feel like you belong somewhere. So that's your thing is saying, maybe the left is focusing too much on the factual inaccuracy as opposed to what is the fundamental tether. Yeah. The knockout punch to comfort that side isn't to go, he got the fat wrong. So the whole thing's off the table. It should be more like, listen, we definitely need a labor market. We want to have people coming in. We want to have work visas. Obviously we should not be letting people in that have an applied, we shouldn't be allowing people to flood over the border. We should be acknowledging what the fear is. But Kamala and Biden have an incredibly conservative border policy right now. So it's also not about that. She's Afraid to say what this great policy is. No, It's available.


And so I hear you And, I love that you do this Well sometimes I like that you do it. You'd like It from afar. If I were the subtextual story there felt a little bit like, I love that you do this. You great. Big idiot. It's not you Big idiot. Love you did it over there. Is Basically what I said. It's not you. Great big idiot. It's, I love that you do this. I am exhausted by it though. I do appreciate it. Because it is really important for us to see everyone's perspectives on this. But I think a lot of them truly, and this isn't calling anyone dumb. They do believe what he says and they do take it as truth. And that's the danger. If he just said they're coming over and it's really bad. But these specific lies about they're coming for our pets or there's never been more crowds in history.


People don't leave my rallies. That's my bad Donald Trump. I'm doing accordion Hand. Yeah. Good physical action. Yeah, they love it. I can't do it. And, I think that's been a blessing. Because I think if I could do him, I would do it all the time. And we would've a very political show. And. I don't want a political show. I just can't do it. Yeah, because He can't help himself. If he has one in the tank, you'll hear Arnold probably maybe today. Well, I'm gonna make this more about Sarah. Okay, well I'm gonna try. You don't have to at all. Unless you've ever wanted to have a conversation with Arnold Schwartzenegger like a Pretend one. No, I mean I can have a conversation as Holly Hunter with you. Oh, don don't know. That's kind great. It's Great. I'm gonna join you with this guy because he likes to talk a little bit. He is like male Holly Hunter because he's got a little whistle too. Oh, That's great. You sound just like Him.


You sound just like Holly Hunter. Oh my God. Thank You. And I. Love Holly Hunter. I love too. I love myself too. I really do love Holly Hunter. I love Holly Hunter too. And I would like to see more of Holly Hunter out in the world doing her acting thing. Because I love it so much. Raising Arizona. Oh my God. Oh, I won't get, don't get me a baby hat. you know? She's like, I'm like, ya need me baby on me. I got a half. I just love it. All Babies are beautiful. You did her in Studio Studio 60 Studio. I think I did. I was obsessed with that show. I think that's how I got the part because I did impressions. Yeah. Well you were great on that show. Thanks. I think everybody auditioned for that. It was back in the day. don don't know if you remember this, by the way. It was called Studio Seven back then. Oh, And.


I. Remember when they moved it to Studio six? We B, we were like, that's terrible. Studio seven is so much better now. When I think of Studio seven, I'm like, that sounds terrible. Yeah. I mean it was the show that everybody wanted. It's Orkin first project for Perry Post Friends. First project for Bradley Whitford post West Wing. Oh, it was Tommy Shlomi directing. I thought I was super set after I got that job. I'm sure you did. I really did. And guess what, canceled after 22, maybe less than that. It was one season I had, I think we even had to give an episode. I, I'm gonna say this don, don't know if I'll get sued for this, but Who fucking cares? What if there is a department at This point, this department's like, you cannot say this true thing that happened to you. You cannot say it In order to get the back nine. Remember that terminology back Nine.


So just to let the listener in, they generally would order 13 out of the gates. if they liked your pilot, they'd either order six, which you might as well not even show. Show. You might As well not do it. Your mid-season replacement six episode. You're like not a great start. The List is short of shows that started that way. And then more conventionally they would do 13. And if it's going well, they'll add nine to Bring. I think Grey's Anatomy was a weird midseason replacement. Oh, I think you're right. So sometimes it happens. But I remember we did our 13 and then in order to get the pickup for the back nine, 'cause the show was so expensive at the time, we had to give back like an episode. And I basically did it for free. So you basically were like, pay me for 20, I'll do 21. I mean, you didn't suggest that. Correct. And I sure didn't. Because I was not making what the other folks were making at That time. And I was like, oh, I'll do anything just to keep it going.


Well, we all have these historic cases where a show found its audience in season two or three. So you clinging onto these things. It's really true. Is That where you met Amanda? Amanda And. I did a show called Jack and Jill Loved Jack and Jill. Jill, that Show. That's where we met. Wow. That is where we met. Wow. Monica revealing her Television tastes her. Can I tell you her early Aughts? You're getting a very sparkly version of Monica for some reason today. I love Sarah. Do you? You have a great day, Sarah. No, I'm just so Yeah, me too. I've been wanting you for so long. Should we start with that? Yeah. I find you like, I don't know if I thought you were real. What? Yeah. And I. Hope you take that as a huge compliment. I'm going to. Do You think Daniel Day Lewis is real?


I do actually know what you mean, but I don't know what you mean. When you use my name and then you say Daniel Day Lewis. I sort of am like, what the, And this isn't a shootout for number one. It's simply the man disappears in a way that I'm not sure he's a real man. And, I. Don't know if I met him, I just don't know what I would do with it. I have to put you in that category, which I've seen so much of what you've done and it's so all over the map, so impressively. So every time I'm kind of like, I'm never gonna cross paths with that unicorn, that little creature that's out there. You're one of those. It's an enigma That is the biggest compliment in the world. Oh good. Just because my dream, I mean, I make a joke all the time about how all I want is a peg leg and a black tooth. No offense to anyone with a peg leg or a black tooth.


My point is I want to do something always that is so outside of my own experience and existence as an actor. I always wanted that even when I was very young. But I never thought I'd get it. It was only because of the Ryan Murphy stuff and the weird dovetail magical thing that happened doing a show like American Horror Story that was on for so many years and doing a different character every year, which sort of encouraged the audience to accept me in a new form every time. Oh, what are we gonna see Evan Peters do this year? And what's Jessica Lang gonna do and who are we gonna play? But for us, it was always just like going in the old ratty costumes prop closet and pulling out a nasty wig and a weird robe and being like, this is who I get to be this season. That little childhood actor apart. Do you fear Everything?


Yes. What have I just said? Do you fear? Well, the Answer is Yes. Okay, great. Do you fear my next question? So you're human. The range is so outrageous and a lot of them are kind of story driven. And, I, guess they lead you in ways. But do you have any fear that you'll run out of characters? Yes, I do. Or what am I gonna do that is going to be surprising for me and interesting for me and not have the audience be like, oh God, this bitch again. Look at her. Oh, she's got fake teeth in and she's wearing glasses. Or that becomes the expectation. Or If you did, some people were like, that's Marsha Clark in a green wig. Yeah. You wouldn't wanna get caught. I wouldn't. That would be bad. Okay. You started in Tampa till five.


You have a little sister. She's two years younger. Well, this Is where my horrible math thing comes into play, which is we are Irish twins essentially. But I can never remember if we're 17 or 19 months apart. She's born July of 76 and I'm December of 74. Is that 17 months? July 76. There's a seven to five. Five plus 12, 17. Okay. So we're 17 months apart. So she's my little sister. Yeah, Elizabeth. So Under two years apart. Yes. I would say is key. And over a year apart. It's not crazy. So you're the older sibling. You're supposed to be a certain way. Do you think you are that way? I do. How many siblings do you have? I have an older brother and a younger sister. Oh, so you're middle And. then I have two little girls. So I'm watching that whole thing play out. And they're Irish twins as well.


And I'm a firstborn. And are you the way you're supposed to be? Absolute. Remember earlier when we were talking About rigidness, we were talking about rigidness. Yeah. Rigidity. Yeah. I'm controlling. Good. I'm also, I think the chosen one in my family, I gotta take care of everyone. But also, maybe this is a little bit off brand for it, but I don't feel like I had particularly strict parents. My parents were 21 and 22 when they had me. So we were super, super young. So there was nothing strict about anything about my upbringing. But I do think they liked me best. My sister will hear this. She's gonna agree. I got away with a lot more than my sister did. Funnily enough. Huh? But Were you better at doing the bad behavior? My sister was much more honest. And I was a big fat liar. Oh, she was really like, I want Coca-Cola for breakfast.


And I looked around. And I was like, oh, everyone thought that was really cute. But also really like a childish thing to do. And I would look around and think the most impressive thing I could do would be to ask for a glass of milk. And so I would ask for the thing that would make them think I was super grown out. You counter punched? Yes. Yeah. I was doing a counter punch and my sister was much more truthful. And I was constantly hypervigilant and really assessing like the bionic woman. Like what would get me the most likes? Ah, ask for the grownup thing. Play quietly by myself. My sister was the tugger. Mom, mom, mom, mom. And, I would remember looking at her being like, you're not gonna get anything you want that way. So I would just be like reading a book in the corner of the big, big reader. But I remember reading and my sister just being like, mom, mom, mom.


And my mom being like, shut up. And. I thought if I don't do that, mom's gonna ask me if I wanna go shopping. Which I did. There could be multiple incentives with this approach. 'cause this was mine as well. Even though I was middle, my brother wanted cool jeans and a certain bicycle and all this shit. My mom was broke. And single mom. I had A single mom too. I'm curious. Part of it is like, yeah, I wanted lots of adoration. Yes, me too. For sure. Can't get enough of it. Still can't meaning me. I'm not saying you A healthy version of actually worried about my mother. Me too. She's overwhelmed. This is too much. Yeah. I can't be the 18th thing on her plate. So some codependency motivation as well. You relate to that. Oh my God. Yeah. Because she Was way the fucking over her head.


Right? Oh, she leaves with two little kids and goes to New York City with not knowing anybody. Yeah, She didn't know anybody. Why did she want to go there? She Wanted to be a writer. She thought they only had typewriter in New York. I think also she could speak to this much more clearly than I could. But she grew up in a very conservative religious family. And my mom was just, and is still a real free spirit and just felt totally straight jacketed living in that town. And it just was not for her. And so she at 27 years old, packed me and my sister up and we went and moved to New York and my mom was just doing that on her own and got a job at Sardi's and was a waitress there. It Made me think of this. Have you ever worked with the first ad David Sardi? No, I have not. Oh darn it. Who the hell is David Sardi? David Sardi's the first ad.


He was mine on a movie. Is he a sardi? Yeah. Yeah. So he grew up working in that kitchen and everything. Whoa Weird. Whoa. Yeah. Do you know what Sardi's is? I've never heard of it. It's a total institution. Right? I wanna say, he told me at one time how many meals they'll serve at a dinner service. But it's in the thousands. It's in pre and post theater institution. It's like you either go to Sardis before you go to the play. When you're doing a play. You're very pissed at everyone who went to Sardis because they've all had two martinis and a big fat steak and they're sleeping and you're like, wake up Thursday through Saturday. You're like, everyone went to Sardis Before S Sardis. Wow. Or you go their post show. I Wanna go and get a little lit Up and you get a little lit up for that. Ooh. And so one thing we're earmarking and we're not paying off yet. One of the things Sardis is famous for is they have cartoon characters.


They do have all this sort of Broadway performers, Broadway legends. And there's a famous wall with the characters of, okay. So just know that that's what happens at Sardis. Okay. So your mother lands, you guys And. I. Guess. Well, you go to Maine for a second, but then you go to Queens and then you go to Brooklyn. We Were in Brooklyn first. We moved So, so, so much. Which was not easy. And at the same time I think has really steadied me and readied me for the work I do. I'm always a person who's like, I'm gonna go home after work, even if I'm in Winnipeg. And people are like, you're going home. Or to the hotel. And I was like, oh yeah, wherever I am, I need to call it that. It feels like that to me. Wherever I am. Do You take any Home goods and Yeah. Yeah. Do you decorator? I don't. I just am sort of like wherever the bed is, I feel like it's a consequence of moving.


Who knows? It might be a little bit like Stockholm Syndrome. It just was like, this is what feels familiar. And so doing this feels better than looking at the same wall over and over and over again. 'cause then I start to feel like time has stopped and that's another kind of terror. Do you feel that in relationships? Like commitments? I've always been in a committed relationship. I've so rarely been single. Wow. I had one chunk of like a five year period and that was really the longest I went. This leads to our pin. Yeah. This is our pin pre you showing up Back when I was Pontificating. Back when you're pontificating in your kitchen with your wife and her friend Weirdly. Which is a ding, ding, ding. 'cause we were talking about pet mother And pet cats. Dogs. Dogs and Cats. Cats. Oh my god. We had a Whole What if a person takes this because Of There's a softer one behind you though.


Yeah. But both are available. Just like a cold person. I'm a hot person. Well Obviously because it's freezing in here. No big deal. Totally fine. I was in here first. Freezing cold before you got here, but It's fine. We had Jeff Bridges in here literally Besides Gene Hackman my favorite actor of all time. We'll be put Paul Newman in there. I like Paul Newman, but for me it's Gene Hackman and Jeff Bridges are the men. And Alan Rickman make me bonkers mental. Those are great picks. Yeah, I applaud those. But he got here, it was during the heat wave and we didn't turn there air on early enough. It probably went on an hour before he got here and he got in here and he goes, oh, it was warm. Is it gonna get cooler? And? I go. Yeah, it's getting get cooler. And it did not get cooler. And I think it probably got harder. And I was just watching. I'm like, I'm gonna kill Jeff Bridges. You can't do that. Nothing can kill Jeff Bridges. Okay, so back to mom.


She first goes to Brooklyn. We moved to Maine because my grandparents did The weird backwards thing of, you know how you normally live in Maine and you go to Florida to live out your snowbirds. So my grandparents did the opposite. My grandmother was born in Mobile, Alabama. My grandfather in Florida. And then they started summering the way people, I mean people use the word summer. Yeah, I'm summering. It's like what it is. Summer I know what summering is. But I got A verb. Summer's a verb. Yeah. Summer is a verb. But they would go to Maine for the summer and then they decided to move there. And so my mom decided to move there for a year. She didn't know what to do. She had a breakup. We went and we lived with my grandparents and we got her own place. And we lived there for a year and then moved back. Then I moved back to Florida to live with my dad. This is a terrible schedule for you.


At least as is printed. You would go in the summers to see that. Which makes sense. Scholastically, but really, Really un. Yeah. From a physical standpoint. All blessings. Florida to Florida blessing Florida fucking summer. Hell on earth. And also when you're supposed to be like hanging with your friends and stuff, I know it was always a little bit of a thing. My mom had us all during the year and then Yeah, she needed a fucking break. She Needed a fucking break. And, then we would go there. She needed to hook up with some of the dudes at started on a wait. Right. That's a wild group. It's a wild group. My mom was the only person who worked at Sardis who had kids at that time. Did she date? Were there any stepdads? Oh My God. It's okay. It's really not a big deal. It's kind of cute the way it felt. It's water. Water over all of the electrical devices, guys.


That's fine guys. Way worse. I'm just gonna sit here. That is not an absorbent cloth, but you can, it's like a shawl. Did you see how I didn't jump up? Everybody's cleaning. I'm just gonna narrate it. Oh, you're taking the mic away from me. People wanna hear about this. There is a sparkly bubbling lime beverage on the the floor. Of course that happened when we were talking about stepdads. I know. Interesting. You're like talking about my moms sex life. And I was like, oh, asking my mom was dating. I was like, blah blah. Pardon me while I spill everything. Conveniently And then I. Don't have to answer this question. Anyway. My mom had some boyfriends. Poor mom. Hi mom. If you hear this, I apologize in advance. But my mom was a single lady. She was 27 years old. Yeah. Like I can't imagine. So she had some boyfriends, some of whom I didn't like.


And she had one very serious boyfriend who I really liked. And he was around for a while, but then he went away too. And then that was hard. don Don't think you can win. You either like them and then they go away or you hate them like I did. And they go Away. Right. And they don't go away fast enough. I mean I wanted my mom to be with someone and it's not like I was pining for her and my father to be back together. Yeah. I didn't really have that. And they both trash talked each other so much to us. That was a bad thing because my dad was always making fun of my mom. And my mom was always saying Dad wasn't playing the child support. And so it was always this thing where my sister And I were like, are we supposed to not like dad? 'cause we really love going there in the summer. And my dad was very successful and so he had this fancy ish life that we felt was really glamorous. And you know, the swimming pool that we got to go in and ice cream cones, VHS Recorder, VHS recorder trips to the mall getting dropped off.


FUD ruts and like getting some big fat fries. The sprinkled stuff, whatever they put on there. Double doozies from the mall. The cookies with the frosting in the middle. Like, oh my god, Dads don't give a fuck About health. Dad give a fuck about the health. They're like, yeah, we'll drop you off at the mall. Go see 16 movies. Come back with like a purple tongue from, what was it called? A kamikaze or something? Jawbreaker. No, when you would like go to the self slushy machine. Slushy machine and you could just put purple and everything pink and the blue and then the Coca-Cola with the Sprite, the seven up, whatever the hell that was called. We just did that. And eating all the food and just coming home just like, yeah. And it was just heaven for us. Yeah. And I. Think my mom was a little like, oh, it's great that you get to go down there with your dad and do all that and now you gotta do all this other stuff at home. Take the trash out and do all that stuff responsible.


Be responsible. Right. And so my dad loved being the one, I think that we were so happy to be there. Yes. And my mom was dealing with real life. That was a complicated thing. My parents really talk shit about each other. That's a bomb in a way that made us not know exactly who we were supposed to be supporting. And it's like the first time my sister And I experienced that thing of like, are you supposed to side with the person you're with or are you supposed to defend the person? Or we didn't really know what the right thing to do was And then I think it would create a lot of guilt. There's been studies that it's akin to abuse. Well, well mom, dad, I'm here to tell you. Monica wants you to know you're An know. You're Listening. I know if you're listening, I'll send this to you to let you know those therapy bills I'm sending you.


It's very damaging. Yeah, it's, it was confus. I mean at the time we were, you love your parents. Yeah. And also I think it was too early to introduce this idea of questioning what your parent was like outside of your relationship to them. What they were in the world in terms of assessing them as human beings. Yeah. It was like too early for my sister And I to have that ability to be like, well why doesn't dad like mom? And why doesn't mom like dad? And why isn't dad paying the child support? Or is he, it put to find a point on questioning who they were as people's intentions and everyone's intentions as opposed to just this like safe space for caregiving and all that other stuff. And you can see where it would be really tempting too. 'cause I am even still with my wife and around the children.


And. I have to police myself. 'cause I have a very sneaky way where I could make fun of mom in front of everyone. Totally. And it's actually just a grievance. I have And, I have to stop myself, but it's in the chamber. I really understand. And if she weren't around and we were divorced, And I hated her fucking, because I think it would be even that much harder. Yeah. We come from a family of my dad was a big teaser. And so that's how my sister And I. Even to this day. She says, my arm looks sorry, my arm looks like a kielbasa sausage. And she's not wrong. It does sort of look, it's not very nice. It's not very nice. But she's not wrong. you know And, I say some things to her too, but we really go at each other. But we just start laughing. But deep down, when I go to put on a sleeveless shirt, I do think like, is my arm like a kielbasa sausage?


I probably should just maybe wear a longer sleeve shirt. Oh, you know? Or she said that my face when it's upside down. Oh, she said my nose looks like a mushroom. I like how I'm only saying the things she says about me just to engender some good. This is your Interview. I'm sure you only tell her how gorgeous her hair looks. No, I'm always just like How well spoken she is. No. Sometimes I make comments about things I do. Sure, sure. Yeah. I as a sibling, love it. Katherine Hun was just on two and she was saying that her family let it rip in a way that was so evil. And she's having to break that cycle. And me too. 'cause I've already walked halfway down the path you still can get made fun of in our house. Yes. I do think it's a real asset to be a person who can laugh at yourself. I agree. In the world, if you've got that in your back pocket, you can kind of weather some storms carry Fisher quote, which I will not say perfectly, which is like, you've gotta find the funny.


'cause if it isn't funny, then it's just true. And that would be unbearable. You gotta find a way sometimes to laugh at yourself. It's Kind of a gift they give you. Because I see this in our kids. The eldest has a really hard time with rejection or disapproval because she grew up with two people staring at her thinking she was God's gift to planet Earth. The little sister gets rejected a hundred times a day by the older sister. So she moves through the world and she's like, I'm gonna go say out this person. They might say, get outta here, don. Don't care. That'll be the 81st time someone said something shitty to me today. You get made numb to it, which can be an asset. That's right. Sibling stuff is so interesting to me. It is very, I'm comforted that you're still making fun of each other. That means you talk. She lives very close to here and she was like, wait, you're gonna be nearby.


And I was like, yeah, I'm not coming over. I got to do. But she's one of my favorite people in the world. We're the only ones who are around for our parents and our experiences as children. I'm writing about it at the moment. And I recall the moment my brother And I looked at each other. Or at least it seared in my head as the first time. Maybe it happened before. But there was definitely a moment where we're sitting in the backseat of the car in the wintertime and the house is on fire. And the stepdad who passed out and cooked a steak while my mom was at work, this whole circus. And now the fire department's there and they're fighting. And we were in the back seat and we both looked at each other as if to say, ah, they're all crazy. Everyone's nuts. Right. Fuck it's you And I. Right. Who can see it. Right. And you just want someone to sort of acknowledge that they see what you see.


That's another gift. You can bond in a way if you grow up in some chaos. It's true. And we are the first to laugh at ourselves and each other. And all we do is make fun of my mom. That's her job Now. Yeah. Yeah. Is to take it on the chip. It's That's right. It's like, sorry mom. It's your turn in the barrel. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare


If. you love iPhone. You'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Quince. The fall season is in full force. Even here in la we're starting to experience a little bit of sweater weather. It's the perfect time to pull out a cozy cashmere sweater or a nice leather jacket. Whatever keeps you feeling warm and stylish. That's why this season we're thankful to be partnering with Quince. Quince offers affordable, high quality essentials for any wardrobe. We're talking seasonal must haves like Mongolian cashmere sweaters from $60 and comfortable pants for any occasion, including Thanksgiving dinner. I hope they have a little elastic in the waist. I have a button down. It's like a little denim button down. Yeah. It's very cute. And it's very versatile. 'cause you can dress it up or down. You can wear it over something that's like a little shimmery or be very cash. And you know, I love any excuse to shop and a new season is a really good excuse. Yeah. There's no better place. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash tax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We of course have a gorgeous website that we designed, and by we, I mean Rob, that's right on Squarespace using their great templates. And it looks so beautiful and it functions. It's So official. Yeah. So whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. If it's your first time creating a website, no worries. Squarespace Blueprint is a new guided system that helps you build a unique online presence from the ground up. Your site will be perfectly tailored to your needs. And with the help of engaging email marketing tools, you can share your brand story with your community and even grow your audience and reach through targeted email campaigns. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial, and when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash stack to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash stack to get started today.


Okay. So when, in this childhood of moving around a lot and ending up in Park Slope, I guess for the longest period. Yes, That's right. When do you decide that you're theatrically inclined? I think it Happened long before then. I really think it happened when I was in utero. I have to imagine that it did. My mom would confirm for you that there was never a time when I didn't want to be an actress. And What kind of weird stuff were You doing? Imitating commercials in the bathroom. you know, a lot of pre commercial member Pelle, I'm sure you do. Swirling my hair around and shaking the mirror and insisting that we put on plays that I would direct and my sister would have to play every part I wanted, but I would play all the good parts and she would be like the teapot or something. And always wanting to do that for the family. And listen to me sing this song, And I. Have a singing voice that is so shockingly bad.


And there are all these pictures of me in front of the wall of books, just singing my little heart out from Annie. I just was always that way. Were you getting to go to any music? Did you go see Annie as a Kid? No. you know, there's that story, which I've told before, which is I lied and told everyone when I went to my new school that I was very close to getting the part of Annie in the movie. Oh wow. That's Wonderful. Wow. It was like, you see that actress, it was almost me. you know, like I just created a whole story. It's just early acting, which is just a lot of really convincing. Lying. Well, there's a thin line between a motivation board or what do they call 'em? Vision Board. Vision board, yeah. A Vision board. And actually now just saying out loud with like It happens. Yes. Wow. You were ahead of your Time. I was. When I think about it now, I'm just like, you are really desperate to matter or to seem important was somehow very clear from an early age that I obviously didn't feel that just my own being was enough.


I had to create some story about being chosen for this very special thing. Well, you still have it, you're saying even with the parts you play, you don't wanna play you, I wanna play something as far away from me as possible. And. I want the challenge of trying to inhabit some other, like the Linda Trip thing was probably the greatest acting challenge of my life and the work I'm the most proud of. Even though a lot of people didn't watch it and a lot of people didn't like it so much. Critically I got really, really You did? Yeah, I did. But in a very funky way. I remember reading one review that was about what would Sarah Paulson know about loneliness. A lot of it was talking about me as a person playing this person who was sort of unseen and forgotten by society and then did this really, really despicable thing.


It was just an interesting thing that there was a personal take. I shouldn't be the one to do it because I wouldn't know what that's about. Almost Like it wasn't your story to tell. Yeah. Well also as a thin actress playing a woman who was not physically, I looked so different from her and that I was playing a woman who was profoundly lonely, at least in our version of the story. That was what motivated her subpar to put it, my only choices that she made. I think as I've grown my list of people I hate is really, really small. If you asked me on any given day, I really can't think of anybody. But I have to say there's a couple, I still have And. I'm gonna hold on them. And I really hated Linda Tripp. I really, really despised what she had done to that young girl and cool the context, why it motivated her.


That's always gonna interest me. But I'm holding some space for, I think she was, at least for that chunk of her life, was a really terrible person. Because I don't mind when people's fuckery injures themselves, but when your version destroys another human being, the Only thing I would say, or posit as I like to use the word posit. Good word for a girl who didn't go to college. And. I. I sure didn't go to college, is that I think people know not what they do sometimes, which is why I would separate it from her being a terrible person versus a person who is consciously trying to, for example, I don't think Sheath was capable of seeing the forest through the trees in terms of the consequence, the global fascination and the explosion in terms of Monica being destroyed.


And in Linda's mind, the idea that Monica came from money and that Monica was beautiful and that Monica had a leg up that Linda never had. So in her mind, when you have those things, there will be no strikes against you. It's punching down always. Exactly. And so I think for Linda, she was like, and it's even in the script, I remember it was like, Monica will be fine. There's no danger to Monica. Because for Linda, so much of what her experience was was being so invisible that she thought, if you look like that, if you come from that kind of family, you'll have everything. And the reason I didn't have any of these things is because I don't look like that. I don't have that. So she was unable to see, And that's a very relatable point of view. I have admitted to that in the past where it's like, I felt like my life was unjust.


And so I felt entitled to do things that were very bad to rightsize the scales. Right? Like I stole, I'm like, yeah, well rich people have money. Yeah. I still, I Don't have any I did that too from the candy store and baby from Betsy Johnson once she deserved it. Remember I stole a a long sleeve body suit that in the nineties where the big, remember like girls would wear those crushed velvet body suits with a big belt and a baggy jean. That sounds cute. That was a super cute. But I did wear one outta the store once. Sorry Betsy. This was like something I did in New York, but I would justify it like my mom put me in a private school that she couldn't afford and she would work in the office to pay off the tuition. And I was going to school with Louise Bourgeois granddaughter. We don't own the brownstone. My mom had an apartment in the top of this brownstone. It's like if we went to the Gap, we would get the slouchy socks, but I couldn't get an outfit.


I felt like there was something unfair about this. I'm being subjected to this influx of wealth and money or being inundated by this in a way that I can't compete. And what I didn't have was conversations with my mom about what that was about and values. And even if I did, don don't know that it would've registered for me at that age in terms of it being meaningful. I just knew I didn't have something that I wanted. It was the language spoken amongst the people I was with and they hadn't earned it. They were just getting it because their parents had it. And so I felt like I didn't take these songs. Yes. And it's not something I'm proud of to this day. And of course if I had a child, I would not encourage it. But once I stole something, I remember from a store in the West Village when I was very young and my mother made me go back and give it to them. And I. Remember exactly like what I was wearing and how itchy my coat was. Wow. And crying and just being so mortified.


But it was just that feeling of am IO So I do understand psychologically. Yeah. Why Linda Tripp? Why I don't categorize her as a bad person. I categorize her as a limited person who did the best she could with what she knew about what life was. And it was only through the lens, which we all do to a degree. It takes a certain kind of enlightenment, a certain kind of self-awareness to take your own blinders off. We all put everything through the filter of this person did X to me based on my particular makeup and history. It feels like X. But to someone else, you're like, oh, that doesn't feel like a big deal. And you're like, yeah. But to me, if I was left alone a lot as a child, which I was and by myself all the time, And I rely on you to be here at a certain time and you're not there.


It feels to me like you're rejecting me. Even though you just had a thing happen that for someone else it would not be a situation. But for me it would be. Yeah. Nothing's really real. It's all Subjective. Exactly. So in terms of relationships, that's the thing I might carry in or one carries in, is like whatever you've experienced in your life and it's up to you to process it and figure it out. I had a shrink once, say to my partner, And, I, just because you didn't mean to trigger somebody doesn't mean you didn't. There may be wires around that you think you're stepping over it, you didn't actually step over it. Like your intention sometimes is important to know, but it doesn't always render you innocent. Being on the correct high ground isn't the solution. Correct. It does matter that you didn't mean to. That matters to me. Yeah. Are you all right? I don't wanna I don step on this with my coughing.


Do I choke with a Michigan accent? You Do. Okay. You sure fucking do. You're like, I wonder if I can cough if I'm a Brooklyn guy. That's good. Oh, now if you're Southern, you Gimme another one. Really good. Really good. Oh my really Good French. Like you're a French one. This is really good. We've met at a new improv. Okay, so you always wanted to be a performer. And is LaGuardia High School? Is that what fame is? It Is, although I refuse to call it LaGuardia, which is where I went. Okay. I always call it performing arts because that's what it was when it was over on 46th Street, I believe, which was the original building.


They moved, it expanded, it made it larger. And it still was the performing Arts High School of the Fame days. But it was given the name the Pirlo h LaGuardia High School. And you went to the bigger version Or the small? I went to the bigger version. And so it was like, I'm at LaGuardia And I was like, I'm at the airport. Yeah. I just was not my favorite thing. There was a separate school called Professional Children's School, which is where Sarah Michelle Geller went. She did a TV show called Swans Crossing back in the day. This was like pre buffy elegant People who were Working and who could fax their homework in. I think. And I'm saying that as a person who didn't go there, but I'm assuming they would send their homework in via X. Whereas this was the school where you were not really encouraged to work professionally. But it was the Fame school, but there was no dancing on a table unfortunately. How much were the students aware of it?


What year did that show air? It had already aired when you Went there. Oh yes. 'cause I went in in 89 and graduated in 93. Is it kind of exciting to go to a school that there's a show about? Yes. Although the show was already on. Yeah. Still. Yeah. And the movie, it was cool. And also you have to audition to get in. 3000 kids auditioned at the time I went and 60 kids were accepted to the drama department. Oh wow. Oh my goodness. So that was really cool and fun and great. Although I didn't go to school a lot, I was in the Central Park Meadow and smoking so much pot. Oh wow. Good for you. So much pot, which I now can't smoke 'cause I feel like I have to go to Cedar-Sinai every time And. I'm like, I can probably do it now. And it's like, I can't to do it now. You think you're can't breathe and stuff. I you get like paranoia. I just, it's not the drug for Me. You should try cocaine if you tried that. I really liked that. Yeah, That's a Really good, that was really, Especially for lonely kids Who lonely really get And also, yeah, attention.


I look in the mirror and be like, there is no one more beautiful I know. No one And I was like, no one more powerful. Oh yeah. No more. More beautiful. No more powerful, no more funny person. Oh, That's why the drug is so good to people's go. Why do you like it? I'm like, 'cause it made me optimistic. Yeah. It Made me feel like the person I fucking wish I was, you know? Wow. Yeah. Instantly. Instantly. Monica, you should try. You'll feel like you try. I gotta Go. I'll be right back. No, I can't do the drugs. Those days are over. I tripped on so much after. Oh, Did you were real. A little druggie. Oh yeah. I probably couldn't look at a paisley carpet to this day. I always think there's a cat in the corner or something. I'm always like turning quickly. Be like, did something just move? And were you dating in high school, were you popular? No. Honest. while you, you, while you, while you think, I usually wait towards the end of the interview for this, but it's striking me so hard that I'm gonna say it now.


Do you have a celebrity doppelganger? Well, no, I'm Sorry. Oh, I have so many celebrities. You Do? Oh yeah. I'm going Millie Bobby Brown. Yeah. Okay. Well I'll give you 42 of them. I have a hundred million of who else? But do you wanna hear the weirdest thing about Millie Bobby Brown? Yeah. So you can picture her really good, right? Yeah. 'cause I know her a tiny bit. Do You know who? I think she looks just like Tom Wilkinson I know that'll fuck you up. But I pray you look at some pictures of them next to to each other. He did do a side by side once I sent it to Monica. I promise you there's something very Weirdly I know exactly what you're talking about. Do you? Oh, I do. Tom Wilkinson. That's really good. Yeah, It's Crazy. I've gotten so many people my whole life. I think compounded a little bit by how many characters you play. More Confus. Ordinary I look is sort of what I've decided.


I've gotten Elizabeth Perkins from Big. Oh sure. I get her a lot. Big time. Big time. I get her. you know, I get a lot is Adele all the time. Oh, Lana Del Ray. Oh, all the time. I can see Lana Del Ray. You can even Google Sarah. Paulson Adele. And there's like 72 pictures. And to The degree where people I Them come up and ask me if I was Elizabeth Grant, which is Lana Del Ray's name. I've had that with Zach B Bra my whole Career. Yes, I really can understand that. Yeah. Yes. That's very obvious. I really can. Very obvious. Wow. There are so many pictures. So many pictures of me and Adele. Well, Fun. But you have gotten Millie Bobby Brown. Millie Bobby Brown. For sure. Especially there was a time on Stranger Things when she had the curly hair. And I was playing. Marsha Clark. There's pictures of that on the too. Oh My God. Wonderful. God. Okay, well I'll try to put up some pictures of you and Wilkinson. See if we see any overlap.


It's a compliment. 'cause he is such a good actor. Oh Yeah. And he hasn't died space. Didn't he die? No. Did he? Did Tom Wilkinson Die? Oh, do you have the disease? I have where I think everyone's dead. Dead. She thinks that Monica thinks, wait. Look it up. Right. Dead. He did die, right? 2023. Fuck. Oh, that's sad. His performance in Michael Clayton's in Stranger Things. No, she, no, No. You've got 'em mixed. I have to cut that 'cause it's not respectful. God, I would really love to see Tom Wilkinson playing 11 on Strange. Right? Oh, That's so sweet. He'd nail it. I guarantee he'd nail it. We'd nail anything. Okay. I love your career so much because it's a mess. It's such a fucking mess. It's such a mess. I've never heard anybody put it that way, but I like that. I feel like of anyone we've interviewed have had so many starts where you had to have thought finally it's gonna get easy.


Yeah. So let's start at the beginning. 'cause you really quickly, you do hit the ground running. You're 19 in your first Broadway play, which is impressive. And you must have thought, well fucking buckle up bitches. Right. Next stop is the Oscars. That's not what happened at all. Actually, my first job ever was as an understudy on Broadway. I understudy the great actress Amy Ryan, who is so, oh, I love her. Wonderful. And I got to play it for two weeks. I was 19 years old. I didn't go to college. I was like, I'm gonna try to do this. For the first six months, I didn't get a job. I got Sister Rosenweig, Wendy Wasserstein, play Understudy. Amy Ryan. I went on for two weeks. Then I got a movie with Kathleen Turner. A movie of the week. Remember those? Yeah. Called Friends At Last A Hallmark. I do a really good Kathleen Turner impression.


Yes. Oh my God. God, you do. Yeah. It's really good. But it's really crazy because this is my Kathleen, but it's a very specific kind of Kathleen's. Kathleen. No, my Kathleen Lynn. Oh, my never guy. You have to go Li. Could we do some body heat scenes? Yeah, But don don't know any of the dialogue from that. It's Kathleen Turner today. Her voice is deeper and richer and even better. Oh My God. People who do accents kind of scare me. Really? A little Bit. It's, it's like hyper. Is there something Magic? It's this weird hypervigilant weirdness where people notice things that other people aren't really noticing that. What Did you have for breakfast? I had a salad. A salad for breakfast, for lunch. I didn't have breakfast. It was like the happiest. I've seen Monica like two. Oh my God. Years. God, I feel like this Is a little bit of a, now I'm getting aggressive.


Insult. No, You're like, wow, Monica, normally you're such a bummer. You're such a bitch. She's a's such a Bitchy bummer. She's a dream coworker. But every time I look, I worked on over you today, you're like ear to ear smiling. It's just really wonderful. Am I putting my pink? I am very into your pink sweatshirt. Thank You. Besides shout Out. Shout out. They're the greatest company ever, by the way. I'm not kidding. I wear their jeans. Only you. Yes. These are besides, yeah, I noticed them. Monica, relax. Oh, I love this. This. I noticed them. I love This. Anyway, back to me. So I just Kidding. No, but you got a Kathleen Turner, Like Kathleen Turner movie. They played her daughter. I thought that was gonna be a thing. And when I look back, I'm like, it was a movie of the week. Like what did you think was gonna happen? Yeah. Well that's huge at that. But it was a big deal for me. And. then I did a pilot called American Golf. I think Sean Cassidy created, I turned 21.


I think once we went to series, we did a pilot. We did get picked up. And I thought, well, this is it. CVS Start Mansion shopping. Very Cool. Start mansion shopping. Lived in Wilmington, North Carolina. Thought it was a thing, canceled. Moved to la, didn't know how to drive. Got my driver's license here. So I deal with this pilot with Robert Elli called Cracker Meka. Harte was on it. Ooh, I'm pretty confident it was Josh Hart's first job. Ooh, And. I was his first onscreen kiss. That is such a good claim to Fame. He was. He was so handsome. He was still so handsome. I just saw him recently on the set of the bear and it was really sweet to see him. And. I. Remember him saying something to my boyfriend at the time, being like, she's a good kisser. And he was like, I'll fucking rip your throat out. Yes. But he might be like, I never said that.


Which is totally fair. But. that was my memory of it. Again, like I said, it's a big liar. Think we all want to kiss you now. Couldn't even help a brag about it to your voice. Yeah. Doesn't sound intriguing. Very intriguing. I'm not gonna lie. It's pretty good. I'm pretty good at kissing. I'm pretty good at kissing. And not even on cocaine. Just pretty good at kissing. Period. You're probably worse on cocaine. Probably Worse than thinking. Yeah, exactly. I'm like, I'm so amazing at this. Your numb lips. Yeah, exactly. Like, oh, And. then I did this pilot. And I thought it was gonna be a thing. I did a couple episodes, not a thing. Don't I do a Jack Lemon TV movie also? You know, the 99 to Jack and Jill. That was your first like Stability. Stability. I got a season and a half or two seasons almost outta that Two seasons. Yeah. So that was a five year before you get some real stability.


Correct. And again, if I'm you, I'm like, well cool. I'll probably go from this to another show that runs for two years or three years And. then we have another, again, you work 2002, you do Leap of Faith with Ken Marino. We love Ken Marino. Love Ken Marino with a passion. But Again, six episodes. You're like stuck in this world of you do a pilot doesn't go. You get to six episodes. 2004, nip Tuck. This is the first time ICU Act, I'm sure. Oh, so this is Where you first came first time with Ryan. Yep. And So knowing that you didn't talk so early in 2004, was that the Love connection or did that come later? No, you were just on the show. Didn't meet Ryan. I did meet Ryan. I actually knew Ryan because of Jill Kleberg, who was a wonderful actress who Ryan obviously loved very much. And her best friend was a writer named Jennifer Salt, who was Waldo Salt's daughter, who wrote Midnight Cowboy Oscar winning screenwriter.


And she was a writer on Nip Tuck. And I was friends with them. And I was at their house with my girlfriend at the time, cherry Jones. And we were at Jen Cell's house and Ryan came over and he was like, I want you guys to be on the show. And Cherry was like, no. And. I said, yes, And. then I did the show. So it was all just people at we knew. So I did have a little bit of an experience with Ryan, but that's not where it happened. Right. It's not like he saw that and was like, well I must work with this person. No. Okay. So then from 2004 we go to the Glass Menagerie. You go on Broadway, that's school year, loving that. And then the aforementioned Studio 60. We get a year out of that. And that was the one everyone thought was gonna happen. And you're like, now, finally, Now here it is.


I landed And fuck. Now we're, 'cause I'm the same age as you now we're 31 when that gets canceled and you have another little stretch. I mean really between 2007, 2011, I'm imagining it's pretty scary. I think I got the Spirit. That movie that was also supposed to be a thing. This comic book movie, Sam Jackson, Scarlet Johansson, Ava Mendez, Frank Miller Direct. Like we thought it was gonna be a thing thing. It was essentially like a comic book movie. And I was the girl. Yeah. What's your personal story at this point? This is one of those things where when you're inside it, it certainly feels like things are happening. There's stuff going on where it feels like there's interest and the world feels, in retrospect, like it was much smaller in terms of the group of actresses that were auditioning for things that now it just feels so saturated.


don don't how anybody makes their way. But it's a funny, weird thing. And I'm not a particularly spiritual person, I'm not a religious person. And some of this is a little bit about my sister Elizabeth, who is a little bit psychic. And she was like, this isn't gonna happen for you until you're older. I didn't put like a ton of stock in it until when I was like 38 or 39. And things started to really change. And I was like, was this bitch right about this? Yeah. But it was also inside of me. I had some weird and for no reason because I was not being told by the universe in any concrete way and you were going to be fine. But I think I had some weird belief. Can I argue something right now? Sure, yes. It's gonna be impossible for you to respond to, but I'm wondering if that difference is that you actually knew you were really good because I was in those spots.


And I have to tell you my own confidence wavered in those spots. I'm wondering if it came from the fact that you knew in your heart you were fucking great at this. I think it's possible that you're not wrong in one way that I wanna make very clear. I think I believed I could be. I don't think I thought I was because I had pockets and moments of things where certain people were responding to my work. I was getting feedback from like Steven Spielberg, he wanted me to do this pilot. And there was like this pilot war between these two creators. And like, was I gonna do the Spielberg? And then of course, neither one of them went and nothing happened with it. But I remember getting some kind of information, or even when I worked with Jack Lemon, him saying to me, don't ever forget how good you are.


you know And I was really young. And I didn't know what I was doing. That was all maybe just instinct and had nothing to do with a craft or anything that I knew anything about. So I think I was getting just enough feedback from people that seemed to really know that I thought maybe I was capable of something. And I was always an impressionist. I was always a person who would do these wild characters that people at stupid parties would be like, Sarah, do your thing. And so I felt a little bit like there was something I had to offer that just hadn't been tapped yet that I wasn't even aware of, but I thought could be in there. And I don't know entirely why. It certainly wasn't in the work I was doing. don don't look at anything I did back then and go, that was really special. But I did get the Glass menagerie, even though the production was not well received.


Opposite Jessica Lang. When all of these girls my age, some of whom have Oscars now were auditioning for this. And for some reason they picked me And I. Don't know why. And I don't even think I was particularly good in that play. So there was something in the back of my brain that was like, just wait. And I. Don't know why. And also there's nothing else that I ever wanted to do. What was happening financially? Were you frugal? Were you able to weather these pockets Or never learned how to deal with money ever? And I. Remember telling a business manager once, please let me know when I get down to this amount. And they never did And. then I had $10,000 to my name. Oh, And I had no job. And then that was right when I got Game change 12 Years A Slave. And the first season of American Horror Story, You had $10,000 in 2000 I $10,000.


That's horrifying. Yeah. It was really scary when I think about it. Now, do you know an actor's named Carla Gallo? She's in all these Judd AAU movies and she's currently on platonic with Seth Rogan and Roseburg. We have friends that are friends with her. Yeah, she's my friend since I'm 11 years old. Oh wow. We went to high school together, although we weren't in the same friend group, which is why I didn't mention her before. And so she can't be offended about that. Carla Gallo was not smoking pot in the meadow, let's put it that way. But she helped me write my first check. When you say the meadow, are you talking about Sheep's meadow? Sheep's meadow, yeah. I was just there. What a place. I Smoked a lot of pot there. That's a great place to smoke pot. It really is very wide open. Let it rip. Carly Gallo taught me how to write my first check because I was in Sister Rosen. Why? I was making money. I was still living at home, but I didn't know how to write a check. I remember paying for my first headshot and writing it out of my checking account and Carla was with me and she had to tell me where the zeros went.


I just didn't know where. She did a show called Carnival on HBO back then and bought her first house. I had done at that point, so many, so many shows. Yeah. That went and didn't go. But I could have bought it. And I never occurred to me. I bought my first house in 2016. Money was not something I knew what to do with or how to deal with it. I'm still not great with it. We didn't really have a lot of it. It wasn't part of the curriculum in the house. Yeah. That feels healthy though. Maybe my wife's is what? You can end up fucked. When I first met her, I was like, hold on a second, how much money you got in the back. Right. But there's something very, very healthy about the version I have is unhealthy And I. It's about version You guys have. I think it maybe middle well because I think if I had known more, I wouldn't have been waiting for my business manager to say, when I got to this certain number, if I were opening the things that were coming to my house with the reports on what I had. Yeah. I would've known now. However, when I found out I had that much in the bank, I was able to live off.


I found a way, but I had to go to my landlord who was really, really sweet and someone I'm still friends with to this day and say, can I pay a little less? We're between jobs. Yeah, we're between jobs, you know? And she was so wonderful with me. And I got very lucky that way. 'cause that is not a common response when someone says I can't make the rent. But it was right then when things changed. But now you have a house on Architectural Digest. Yeah, it's true. Oh, you've seen it. I saw it. And. I was just talking to Catherine about this. I think maybe same person We have Nikki Keiki. We share a designer. Is that your person too? She's my designer too. Yeah. I love her. She's a genius. Oh, She's a Genius. And their store here is the best store in town to go to. You can't go in without buying. So it's really A problem. You, You wanna live there. I know. And I'm like, why didn't we do this with my living room? I don wanna just tear the whole thing down and start over. See, That's a problem you guys. The second you've completed your thing, you have to unfollow her.


No, I can't. The problem is just finding out there's new stuff. Looks Better. Yeah, there's new stuff. It looks better. I have it with cars every year. They put more horsepower in all these cars. I like said, every year I'm like, God, they added more horsepower. I gotta get, this would be better if I never found out they added more horsepower. Well, it's the same thing with clothes and shoes and bags. Yeah. I mean, besides call me. So once you get it, call us. Call us. You just, you gotta unplug. No, we just keep buying more houses So that you can get convinced that she peaked. She never evolved past this And I know exactly. She perfected it and then then quit. Yeah. So And I went downhill from there. Okay, so a crazy ride starts in 2011. You do American, Horror Story. You do three episodes in the first season, but then you come back for the second horror story asylum.


And you play a totally different character. You get nominated for an Emmy. You also do 12 Years A Slave. You do American, Horror, Story Coven. You play a Witch. And then Game Changer Nominated for Emmys for all of those. Wow. Bonkers Self-congratulatory. No, no, no. It's also timely. They were last night. They were last night. Yeah guys, I was there. Well that dates Us. They were a while ago. She went. Oh yeah, they were a while ago. They were in the past. I just wanted to talk about one aspect of listening to you talk about all these different projects. I think the situation you were in was compounded because we just happened to interview her. But you a have to play a terrible racist person, which is rough. Just going in there and delivering that do I got offered once to play a Nazi. We should see the characters that exist on planet Earth.


But I got offered that thing while I was also on a TV show. And I had a black son. And I spent every day with him. And I was like the notion of him seeing me in this movie talking like that. That ended up for me being the thing. But anyways, it would be hard. And then doing it to Lapita who we just interviewed, I think. Oh yeah. She was lovely. Uniquely terrible feeling when you're doing it. It Was horrible. It was a very hard day. The fact that Lupita And I had become sweet friends because we didn't know any other way to do it. We just talked about it and we were like, so today we're going to have to do the bit where I scratched your face today. We have to do the bit where I throw the crystal decanter at your face. And we would talk about it. It wasn't easy. The only thing, and it goes back to the Linda Tripp thing, which was, I have to find a way.


I do have a friend, a good friend, a very successful friend who said no to even auditioning for 12 Years A Slave. Because she was like, I don't wanna play that person. I really understand that. But for me as an actor, also for the good of the story, you cannot tell that story completely without the hideous behavior of the white people in our country at that time. Well, to make her story that much more important. Exactly. You have to really show the brutality of it and the callous, unflinching behavior of the woman I was playing. She was also a product, this is not an excuse at all, but a product of her time. But what it really meant was this was a person who was not interested in doing any deep dive or any questioning about what she was being taught. And there are some people in life who would go, wait a minute, Steve McQueen, who was their director, was just like, it is vitally important to me that you do not judge her.


He never was gonna do a take of me by the sink wiping away a tear going, I can't believe I just did that. He was not gonna do that. So he is like, don't try to ingratiate yourself to the audience. And it was a wonderful early lesson for me to think about that. Even with the play I just did, playing a person who's really rough to be around. You can't apologize for these people who know not what they do. It's not a play about, or a movie about a person who discovers the hideousness of their behavior. It's not their story. In order to let the storytelling really land where it should land, you have a responsibility. Okay. Now I don't fantasize about playing say a white nationalist, but I do fantasize about playing someone like let's say Nicholson int as good as it gets grumpy and telling people to just shut up and fuck off and get outta here.


'cause I do want to do that. Yeah. Really bad. I would love to walk through life one day, say, fuck you, get away if you're Stupid, fuck off. Like That voice is in my head. And. I would enjoy playing someone who got to behave that way. Yeah. I gotta tell you, it's really fun. I would imagine a good outlet did that in the play. Just very little patience for anyone. And people are always like, do you hear yourself? And she's like, no, I don't care. It was a really liberating, kind of liberating thing to do. And maybe A little glance into the future of when you're 70 you don't give A shit. Exactly. Oh God. I mean, I hope not. Because it's also kind of miserable way to live. Exactly. Yeah. I think maybe that's fun to tap into. But I don't think you'd like, especially as people who want approval, that's not how you get approval. Yeah. So I think that would only last for so long.


I guess you're right, Monica. Okay, I'll be Monica. Feel free to try it. I'll Keep, you know. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude. I'm truly grateful for the people I'm surrounded by in my life. They mean the absolute world to me. They are the greatest gift I've been given. Here's a reminder to give thanks to those you hold near and dear. And while you're at it, give thanks to someone you might not thank enough yourself. It's something we can easily forget, but it's an important act of self love. We just had an expert on that revealed we are nots very Nice to ourselves, very self-compassionate at all. Yeah, we gotta get better. It's important. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, making it super convenient for any schedule. Getting started is a breeze. All you need to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And you're free to switch therapist at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HEL p.com/dax.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley and Bennett Fish Wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I-Y o.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by Addie I. know about Addie the little pink pill, right? Yes, that's right. Addie is the FDA approved pink pill. Clinically proven to boost desire in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by a low libido. I love this. It's really nice that there's an option out there for women who are dealing with low desire. And. I like that. Addie's Nonhormonal and created by a woman for women. Addie is helping women feel like themselves again. And that's really important. It really is. So arm cherries, if your libido could use a little jumpstart, Addie's got you covered. Learn more@addie.com. That's a DDY i.com. Addie or Phin is for premenopausal. Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder. HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner, the low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in men or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is also increased if you take certain prescriptions over the counter or herbal medications or have liver problems, low blood pressure and faint can happen when you take addie. Even if you don't drink alcohol or take other medicines. Do not take if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in addie. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sleepiness, sometimes serious can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including boxed warning@addie.com slash pi. Or call 8 4 4 Pink pill Addie. That's a DDY i.com.


Okay. For me, American Horror Story feels like the perfect show to be in forever. 'cause you get to do something new every single time. It's like the security of a long running show, but also no boredom or stagnation. Is that the case? That's Exactly right. Okay. So at this point I would like you to tell me when does this love affair start? Do you know the moment it happens? Is it something that grows slowly? When do you become his muse? Or what would we call you in Ryan Murphy's? I don't know what Be he would call it. Must. But we certainly have had an incredible collaborative creative experience. One together. One for the record books. Yeah. Really special. Like you think of the great Duos. Yeah, I think I'm a good interpreter of his point of view. To me, it always sort of lives in the world of extremes.


you know, my mother called me Sarah Bernhardt for a reason as a tiny child, which on one level is a little, not to say it's abusive, but, but it's like it did kind of tell me that from a very early age that my feelings were a little too big. You have too much. It's too much. It's too dramatic. It can't really histrionic as histrionic. I mean, child services was called on my mother because she wouldn't let me wear a necklace to a friend's bat Mitzvah. And I was screaming, why are you doing this to me? Why are you doing this to me? And you reported her. I did not report her. The neighbors reported her. No way. Yeah, because they were like, something's happening. I was screaming, why? Why are, are you doing this to me? Why are you doing this to me? Pounding my, you know, oh my. And my mom just being like, Jesus, it's a necklace. And I was like, well But, everyone at the party has something on that is fancy.


And I don't have anything. And instead of saying that, 'cause I didn't know that that was actually the crux. I feel less than I You would a Destroyer. I am not enough. Give me your amethyst crystal necklace. That makes me feel cool and fancy. And so I do recognize that I have a flare for the dramatic. And that what I would really say if I were a parent to myself is you're very in touch with what you feel. And you have a real connection to those things. They feel very, very, they're real to. And they're really right there. How and wonderful that you can identify them and express them. Which is not what my mother was doing. She was like Sarah Bernhardt. But She's in her twenties. She's in Twenties. We forgive her. We forgive her. She's working on us. Sorry. Exactly. She's listening. Hi. So hi mom. So I think the truth is, for the Ryan thing, it actually happened very organically.


It was actually a Jessica Lang thing, which is that I went to a benefit for Project Angel food with Jessica, who was in town to do the first season of American. Horror Story. I was supposed to go do a play with Kevin Klein that fell apart at the last minute. So I ended up staying, I went with her to this event. Ryan was there and she just sort of threw her arm around me and said, can't you find something for her to do on the show? Because it would be fun if we could do stuff together. 'cause we became friends after Glass Menagerie in 2005. And so he went, Hmm, you know, I actually maybe have something. And it was to play this psychic on the first season of the show, And I played her friend who was a psychic. I did three episodes and for whatever reason, this is the part that is always going to be a mystery to me. Because I've asked him and he is like, don don't know that I have an answer for you. Which is he then threw me the lead essentially in the second season.


Yeah. Yeah. For me, the greatest experience of American, Horror Story ever was that season in particular. It was just so special to me. But I don't know why he gave me this. It just was one of those things again where I just go, don don't know. And he's like, don don't actually know. I am very intimidated by him because he is not overly expressive. That's true. He's not effusive. And for an approval junkie. Yeah, I understand that. I'm like, wake your face up. Yeah. I'm giving you A lot of good shit. Yeah. Yeah. So for me, he's kind of kryptonite, And. I feel like you And I are kind of similar. Yeah. So how do you He And I. We're 10 years apart. It's a little bit Different. But you're a woman so he probably four years, Four years apart. Apart. Exactly. And I think we are very alike.


In a funny way. We're kind of exacting and brimming with ideas and very loyal And I understand exactly what you're saying. And there are a lot of people I know who ask me this question. Yeah. Who say, I don't understand how this relationship has lasted as long as it's lasted because he seems so scary and you seem like one of us who's just over here going like me, like me, like me. We had enough time together socially where we got on like a house of fire. I just made him laugh. you know, it's one of those weird things like why do you fall in love with the person you fall in love with? Or I understand from the outside that he looks a particular way to people. But when I'm one-on-one with Ryan, and it's traditionally when it's one-on-one, he is the most supportive, generous, the way he talked about waiting to see if I was gonna win that.


Tony, when he called me to say I almost had a fucking heart attack waiting because they, they waited for the last 20 minutes of the show. He was like, I was flipping out. And he said he just like stood right out of his chair when they called my name. And he just wants things for me. Is it possible that you're living out loud in a way that he would love to do, but for whatever reason, that's not how he does it. I think It might have more to do with the fact that he knows deep down that he is the reason why I have the very messy career that I have. That he is responsible for basically giving me my artistic life. And, I wonder if knowing that, that you feel a responsibility and also a pride and also a sense of having a really good picker.


I bet on something that delivered. Yeah. Big time. A lot of people wanted to play Marsha Clark and for whatever reason he decided it should be me. And it changed my life. I think there's just some part of him that saw something in me. And I. Think I've said this publicly. That was sort of to the point of what we were talking about earlier of deep down. I think I knew I was capable of something. I didn't know what And I think. He knew what I was capable of by virtue of him saying, you get on the field. I had to get out on the field and take the ball and go running. And I did. And he said, we gonna do this again. He said, I knew now we're gonna do this over and now we're gonna do this again and again and again and again. Has there Been when he called and wanted you to do it and you didn't wanna do it? Not once. Also, some people are soulmates.


I believe that. I think it's true. Because there's no question. People always say this to me about him. And it's true. And I sometimes. Look at him. I'm like, why aren't you smiling? you know? And he's like, this is me smiling And. I'm like, right. I know. And you Get to say that to him. And other people don't necessarily get to say that. But I think the truth is, I find him to be a very warm, supportive, generous, wonderful friend who has given me a real embarrassment of riches in my professional life. And personally too, if I could never work with him again, that would be okay. But I wouldn't not want him in my life as a friend. That is a important thing I learned recently about our relationship. Yeah. I didn't even count 'em up. But it's gotta be between, you've done nine of the 10 seasons of a horror story and then you've done three crime stories.


You did impeachment, you did oj only two stories, only two crime stories. And you're about to do a third thing. So we're in the teens. I Did Nip Tuck for him. I did. I pilot for him. That didn't go. I did Feud. You're in like the 15 plus. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. We've done a lot of stuff together. You're so fine on your own. You two created all this great stuff together. But do you think, God, I hope he works forever. 'cause I wanna work forever in his stuff. I Do think that because I understand what he's going for, which I think is a lot of the work, And I, just think I'm the right actress for it. Because I got a lot of big feelings. They are often put to good use in his stuff. Do you Guys both have outcast syndrome? Oh, interesting. You were the poor girl at the rich school. He was a gay dude in straight America.


I Mean, you'd have to ask him that. I will On your market. But I definitely feel sort of like outside of, It's a good feeling to preserve even if it's a lie at this point. Now we were talking about before you got here again. Yeah. Way before. Way before you got here. Okay. The only other thing I wanted to talk about before we talk about Hold Your Breath. Well, I loved OJ by the way. It was so good. You are so unbelievably good in that Thank You. It really added the dimensions to her that she deserved. I even felt as a young 20 something boy, a lot of this stuff that was really crazy misogynistic. It blew over my head when I was watching late night and they were calling Monica Lewinsky a fat slut. Literally using those words on tv. It didn't bump for me.


Embarrassingly. I watch it now. I'm like, oh my God. I was watching all that stuff. None of it sounded crazy to me, but maybe 'cause of my single mother or something, that one felt wrong while it was happening. The scrutiny on her hair and the things that were happening to her felt very gendered and not fair. And so I felt like you gave her her day. Have you ever met her? Oh yeah. Oh, you have. You work Closely with her. Nobody wanted me to talk to her before we started, even though I was desperate to. So I didn't do that. But then after I finished the Marsha Marsha Marsha episode, which was the episode that was about Marsha, he said, you've done it now. You can talk to her if you want. And so I sent her an email and we had dinner that was like a seven hour dinner. It was very, very special. you know, I brought her with me to the Emmy's and I know that for her, it was very scary at first.


She had never been properly treated in the press. She had an enormous trauma. And I think it was really a very scary idea to imagine 20 years later seeing buses and billboards of that trial and that glove and the name OJ Simpson all over. And then there's something about documentaries versus these limited series things where somehow it feels more real to people that whatever people are putting forward in limited series is fact. Yeah. And so like somehow putting it forward, she's just like, don don't know what it's gonna be out there about me. You're telling me that it's not gonna be anti me. But I don't know that I believe that. I remember just feeling such an enormous responsibility And a relief that she was happy to have dinner with you. Yeah. It was very relieved. She was happy to have dinner with me. Well that was so great. But the thing I wanted to say that I just absolutely loved, it might be my favorite thing, but it's scary to say.


'cause he's done so much great stuff about Ratchet. Oh my God. Really? I loved Ratchet. Oh, nurse Ratchet. Yeah. Wow. That surprise you. It does. I have no access to any data, but I was shocked. I wasn't hearing more people talk about that. It Was as far as I understand. 'cause I was an EP on that. So I got to be on all these calls with Netflix. I was like, though, this is how this happens. Right. It was absolutely successful. Right. We were picked up for a second season that was happening. What? Why? It was pandemic time. And by the time it came around again to think about doing it, Ryan was so busy and all the actors had scattered and it just felt like, what do we do here? Or do we let this sort of stand on its own? I'm not happy with what I know. You guys decided I know at all. I Know. I know. I know.


you know it's funny, when I was doing the play, so many people, when they were waiting outside to say hi to me, were talking about when is Rasht coming back? It was so interesting. I loved doing it. I feel like visually it was Of the best. Oh, I mean, this is the thing Ryan does with these Douglas Circ Paint. The costumes I loved doing And my boyfriends didn't offer. I love him. God, I'm pissed now. I'm leaving today. I'm sorry. With the resentment, because there could have been a season two. There Could have been, there was the kind of cool idea that he had that the show would run up until she entered the Cuckoo's Nest. Right. you know? Yeah. Yeah. It was such a neat idea to do such. It was such a very smart idea. Well, I'm really mad about that. I'm very sorry, dad. Okay. Sorry, I can't fix that for you. Impeachment, Linda Trip we talked about, I loved it. Nominated again, so many Emmys, so little times.


And then of course last year you do appropriate and you won a Tony, an Anthony, as I call them. I have an Anthony Of these awards you've won. Is that the one? Probably, yes. Yeah. Those are more valuable, right? I Don't know if they're more valuable to me. Everyone. But they must give out less of them. They give out fewer of them. Is the correct way to say that This is The second time that's come. I've done that twice. I didn't go to college. And. I just have a real, But neither of us can spell Parmesan. I can't spell Parmesan. I can't spell fucking anything. That's that is the truth. Same. I can't conjugate a verb. don don't know what a preposition is. I am adult. But I can tell you one thing. I know when it's fewer and less. Someone beat that one you. There's Scar. you Know, because I understand it. You have fewer cars on the road. You don't have less cars. So it's about when it's numbers or you've eaten fewer steaks, you haven't eaten less steaks.


Think about how that sounds. I love that. Your explanation of the differences, just saying the words out loud and see how different they are. You would not be the best teacher. So true. It charisma as you are. That's true. True. But if you just stand in front of them and see C as a C it See the dumbness sounds. Does this makes sense? Right. Fewer steaks. Yeah. Yes. Less Steak, less steaks. Sounds scummy dumb. Buddy's Gonna find a way to poke a hole in this. You won't be able to. It's not a dumb, It's not gonna stand up to, It's not gonna stand up. Fewer cars in the parking lot where you say there could be less cars. I'm less afraid. You're not fewer afraid. Now you onto something that chase that down a little further. That's not a number. Yeah. You're less handsome. You're not fewer handsome. It's a quantity. I still think you can say they hand out less awards at the Tony's.


No, you can't. I'm sorry. I'm just Stand by that. No, you can't. I mean you can. You did. I mean you did and you did. But it's better to say fewer. Okay. But people's ears hurt. Yeah. To me, the Tony matters more. There are fewer plays. There are fewer opportunities to win them. It makes it harder, therefore to get fewer Cars in the parking lot. Fewer cars. In the parking lot at the Tony's. Fewer stakes. Served at the sho. Fewer Stakes served at the Sardis. We came all the way around, came all the way back around guys. Like what you did, did Also, I was an actress in New York wanting to be on Broadway. You have all the letters of an ego. Ego. But the Oscar, I don't have a Grammy. Oh, You don't have a Grammy. Let's keep going though. So You have, you Have two outta four. Can we get one for this episode? We're Trying. I'm angling for a Peabody, which I don't understand what it is, but I feel like we're capable of getting, we're definitely.


Does that make sense? Yeah. I do. Just about as much sense as my fewer in. Yes. I could imagine never having even set my sights on an Oscar, but by God, if I got the E and the G and the T, my OCD would be like, this is incomplete. Now we must get this fucking Oscar. You're Getting an Oscar. Oh, Don don't know about that. That's not Rob presenter. Her Oscar. That I feel fairly, I like your sister. I have psychic abilities. You do? Yeah. But you're a shit singer. You told us. So the Grammy might be further, so That one's gonna be trickier. But you can do like an audio book Or something. Right. But then I feel like it feels like a grab. Doesn't matter. You gotta take 20 stabs at an Audio book just to try to get a, just to get it. Yeah. Also, you're like, oh, how embarrassing. My ego was calculated.


You suck this dick. Yeah. That would be my, It doesn't matter. Take it how you can get it So Fucking, what Am I right? Am I right? You know what? I fucking got it. And you don't. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Why don't you fucking go do a layup There? Why don't, why Don fucking try to get a fucking egot any fucking way. This so easy. Go fucking get Your cell. You don't drive. You fucking think you can make it happen any old way. And fucking you can't. Why don't you jerk yourself off while you Have it? Don't fucking jerk yourself off while you and Jerk your dad off Too. You fucking and jerk your dad off your fucking fucking dope. Fuck. We don't get it. You for what just happened. Go call your mother for me. Okay. She's gonna have to pull her now. You're gonna Finish it. you know where I going? you know what I know I was gonna do. Okay. Should we run a black box theater? You And. I. Yeah. Get suggestions?


Yeah, I'd like to just Throw something at us. Let's see what we can do. I'd like To get wild. Yeah, let's get wild. See And I. Put a box. Put each other's boundaries. Yeah. We put a box in The mill room. Just put a bunch of things and people have to pick it out and we have to do, we have to act it out. Serpent. Go. Go. Oh my gosh. I feel like I need to leave. What if I was a serpent To sp? Well, I'll meet you In the garden. Serpent. Eat this sample. Eat it. dic. Original theme. Okay, great. Next one is an aard bark. Oh my God. Oh my God. I have to say stop now and let's move forward. Monica will be like, shut up. If you and I got a bag of coke together. Oh. Oh God.


Whoa. Buckle up everybody. Whoa. We'd have to be in a huge field. Bigger than sheep's metal. We'd probably to be in a big huge field. Or a padded room of some kind. Yeah, Lots of water too. Lots of water. So much water. We're gonna have to hike. Pop. We've got plans. Okay, Tony, congratulations. Thank. You. So to wrap up the Sardis. Yeah. We know where it's in. Fuck. Yeah. It's very obvious. Very obvious. She Set that wall in an accident. She was delivering a baked Alaska. You wish and set the whole wall. No. But you went with your mom and you got a carer. They gave me a caricature. So exciting. And the greatest. I just said the Greatest. It's a new word. Fewer craters. So we walked into the room and the guy who owns Sards now is the man who hired my mother.


Oh my God. He only worked in the downstairs lounge at Sardi's back when my mom worked there and they saw each other. Of course, my mom remembered him right away and he said to her, we did all right, didn't we? It was really sweet. My mom was very, very moved. And. then I got to thank my mom in front of all these people. And I. Just like to say for the record, it looks so much better than what I look like. It looks like Jody Comer and Winona Ryder had a baby. Oh, it does not look like me at all. Tom Wilkinson. No Wilkinson. No Wilkinson, no Millie. Bebe. There's no Adele. There's no Lana del re in it. There's no Elizabeth shoe. There's no Elizabeth Perkins in it. It's simply Jody Comer and Winona Ryder. Two very attractive people. don don't look like them. Don don't fare well in characters. I've had a couple Of done, You Know, really? It's scary. The nose, which is already a lot, they can't resist.


They go ape shit with the nose. Yeah. They just made my eyes really big. And I. Don't think I have Moving. That's very, it's lovely though. It was very Moving. Okay, let's talk about Hold Your. Breath. Hold it first. Let's set the stage and then I'm gonna ask you some historical questions that I ran out of time to answer myself. But set in the thirties in Oklahoma. Correct. And this is the Dust Bowl. Correct. What is the dust bowl? The Dust bowl is a manmade event that I think we as a country were responsible for because of how much we were overturning the earth 'cause of how many crops and how much wheat and corn and all the things that the country was making a big fat buck off of. And they didn't understand rotating crops yet. They didn't know how to replenish the soil. They ruined it. And then in a part of the country that the movie takes place, the Oklahoma panhandle, there's not a mountain or a hill in sight.


There are no trees. There's nothing to stop the ground itself from lifting up into the air if there's any weather element of any kind. And then what happens when you can't farm and you can't irrigate, grow anything. You can't irrigate. There's no rain, is that all you do is have this loose ground everywhere, but you also means you can't feed your animals, which means you can't get milk from a cow. You can't feed your chickens. Everything collapses. And then you have no food. You have no water. You have no way of getting any. In the Steinbeck novels. They're always escaping the Dust Bowl, Trying to move away from it. But in that part of the world, there's very few places you can go where you're not encountering the same thing. Also, pick your metaphor for this movie, like one of the numerous ones that are on the table is just this illusion of safety. We have this parcel of land.


This thing did give us something once being able to let go or not throw good money after bad. That's all like there. Because on first glance you're like, why didn't everyone get up immediately after the first storm and get the fuck out of there? Well, it's Also pride of place. You live somewhere and you love your home and your community and you feel also that it's temporary. You don't have a crystal ball and know that this is gonna go on for years and years and you expect the government to do something about it. It didn't. Yes. The sand storms or dust storms are so bad. And of course you're reminded of what structures look like in 1930. It's not like everything was insulated. It's just fucking blowing through your house and everyone's living in this cake of dust at all times and the kids are getting sick and it's Making people sick.


Yeah, I'm a little bit of a neat freak. I started becoming like how oppressive that always growing layer of dust everywhere you look, it's very claustrophobic. Yes. And that's intentional. Okay, So that's one of the metaphors on the table. And then what is the one for you that was most salient? I Don't know metaphor wise, but I know why I wanted to do it. Tell me. Which was because I was interested in where I meet this character, which is my own rigidity, my own fastidiousness. She's bringing it back from the beginning. She went all the way back. She remembers really Good. I also have some form of OCD. I'm a real Virgo rising.


I get very focused on having everything in its place so I could really relate to a person for whom that kind of security sort of begs the question metaphor wise. It's that idea of like, we all have this free floating anxiety about what is this all about actually life. What are we doing here? What are we doing with each other by doing the right thing? What's about am I doing the right thing? So it's all this free floating anxiety and we think by getting up at this certain time and exercising and eating this thing that we're creating some path towards, whether it's health success or monetary success or creative success, purpose, whatever it is, really, we're all just like running away from the great big dirt nap. Margaret is spending a lot of time. That's the character I play in the movie, trying to create something by way of normal life in a really abnormal reality.


Well you have this tiny pocket of the world you theoretically can control. Correct. Which is the inside of this little house sitting on all this acreage that is blowing. Blowing around. Yeah. And so that metaphor for me is we do that as well. The world is scary and unpredictable and chaotic. Right? So you're creating some sense of safety. So I was interested in that. The real crux of it is this idea that Margaret has to do everything she can to protect her children. And. I don't have children. Another thing we were talking about before you decided to show up, we had so many good things we were talking about before. I hope you were recording Robert I. don know. Did you get all that? Oh no he wasn't. Rob, you're Always, he didn't wanna waste the ones and zeros. He didn't wanna be secretly recording A BR. It's a BR when Dax is here before me.


Yeah. Oh, we are gonna have a chat later. Oh shit. Oh shit. You're in trouble Rob. Rigidity rigid. The sparkle just went down to a glimmer. She's about where she normally lives. But I feel like having a reason to live that is outside of you. Meaning the sort of self-centered youness that is living your own existence. You as Dax, you as Monica, me as me. You have children, you have a wife and you don't. You have no one anything. You have no one. You are the Dust Bowl personified. Oh my God. Your womb is the dust bowl. Everything's just a fucking dried up. Plus you guys, I'm gonna go cry. Now A is the Sahara.


I have huge eggs. That's been proven And. I do have a partner. And I have these three dogs. But the idea that a person would do anything and everything to protect someone other than themselves was really interesting to me. Yeah. Let's say more about that because I've done the thing. I Have not done the thing. Do You have curiosity about it? I know why I haven't done the thing I wanna hear. I had a conversation with a very good friend of mine recently about this, and she sort of articulated it so perfectly. And I was like, that is why I don't have the constitution to raise a child without destroying my life. And by that I mean not like my ability to go to dinner. I am so hyper freaked out about everything going on in the world about their health, about their wellbeing, about what the world would do to them.


Who would say what to them, what their experience in life would be. I am not equipped to allow a being to be out in the world on their own path. On their own path without me putting a million bumpers and balloons or whatever, pillows, whatever, could just keep them from hitting their head on the ground. My constitution would not allow me to do that without every waking moment. Would We call that your anxiety? My anxiety would be so off the charts that my own life, outside of my relationship with my children would be a wash. And that is really true of me. And if I thought I could do it, my best friend, Amanda, Pete And, I talk about this all the time, about the good enough Mother Wincott, who's a famous psychologist, talks about the good enough mother that there is no such thing as the perfect amount of attention a child gets, or perfect amount of freedom that they would get.


you know, there is no perfect formula. Okay? I wanna have a conversation with you, but it does run the risk of me as it always does. Like you're convincing me to do something. Yeah. Like that. I'm trying to convince you or that I'm shaming You. I'm so old. And, I. Do have some eggs frozen. You froze. I froze. You don't have to worry about me feeling pressured by you. You should Say. Okay, great. 'cause that's not at all. I'm more interested in hearing what your point of view is. I think there's a fun philosophical thing right here, which is we're all aware of the many gifts that kids give you. Us parents won't shut the fuck up about it. So you already know them all, I would imagine. But what's really fucking incredible is that there is a version of you that you didn't know was there, that me as a pessimist would've guessed it wasn't for me.


And that weirdly is the thing. So yes, you're that way. I accept that. But what's really wild is you have these kids, And, I go, wow, we've gotta be a better version of ourselves 'cause this thing deserves it. I'd say them and having to get sober. Those are the two things in my life that have changed me in ways that I would've otherwise said were not possible. And fuck whether you should or shouldn't have kids. As the human experience and the grand experiment we're all undertaking. That's why I like it. Forget I'm not see people should or shouldn't have kids, none of that. It's just like the bizarre experiment of your time on planet earth. The thing I've found kind of interesting is that I've risen to some things and overcome some things because I actually do care about them more than I care about myself, which was kind of unimaginable.


So it's just like a counter thought about It. I think it's right and true. And because I have really close friends with multiple children. My sister has three kids. I know You're right. And yet, and this is a larger question of what my commitment to my anxiety is. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. My commitment to my identity around my anxiety, what my allegiance to it is, and like am I afraid that if I give that up, who would I be? It's another control thing too, in its way. It's a funny thing. I take enormous risks in my work. I really do. Oh God, yes, I really do. You're a hauler. And. I have failed. And I will fail again. And I've had successes, And I hope I have success again. But I think I am much more of a real like, hold on to the handrail person in my life So that you can be Why?


Maybe And I. Don't know if I've ever connected the two in terms of going, I can only do that in my work if I do this in life. I don't know if it's that, but I do know that I am a person who sort of lives inside a bit of fear more than not. I don't feel like I take a lot of risks in my life. And this is a very big example of it, of like I was unwilling to. And also just to be totally frank, and this is the place to do it. Be as frank as possible with a lot of people listening. Sure. Sounds like a good plan. I was and am very ambitious. My working life is very important to me. And not to be the hokiest fucking nerdiest actress, annoying person on the planet, but I am what I am is that some of my roles have felt like my children in a way. Oh yeah. They've taken so much of my attention and my focus.


It's not on me, it's about them. Although one could argue that it is for my own personal whatever. Well, for parents also For parents too, also. So we could argue that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It just for me has been, and again, to bring it back around wanting to be approved of or celebrated or paid attention to. Yeah. Or noticed that some deeper part of me, even the parenting part of like, what am I doing to try to show myself or the world how good I can be at this. Even if it's the part of me that goes, look at the freedom I'm giving him or her look at what I'm doing. Look what I'm able to do. How much of that is actually about me needing a similar kind of pat on the back. It's a whole new round of that. It's a whole new round. So it's like, it's just this funny thing where I think ultimately I did make the right decision for myself, but every once in a while I do look at my sister or my best friends with their kids and I'm like, Hmm, what would that have been?


But I look at the way I dog, I'm gonna make that a verb, but the way I dog is really fucked up. Oh, it's, oh, I don't leave my dogs alone. Often. I have someone sit with them. I do the very thing I fear I would do with my children. It's like, here I am. And, I, have them And. then I have Amanda saying to me like, but bird, we call each other bird. Why don't you just understand that they're not gonna hold it against you if you go out to dinner and it's probably good for them. And I'm like, right. But they can't tell me. They can't tell me what they want or don't want. It gets me all fucked up. 'cause I'm like, what if they're like, please don't go. Yeah. And I'm like, you're fine. Sometimes The kids say, please don't go though. Right. And that's what I'm saying. And You do have to go and you have to go. But you can then say, and you recognize Yeah. When you go, I'm going to be back. And they're like, don don't understand. And you're like, but I'm going to be back. And then you see the proof that I've come back and you can tell there's a shared experience.


Whereas the dog's like blank, blank. And one could argue, well there, you know, they, they don't care. But then there's all these studies coming out where they're like, they cry when you come back and there's real tears and the MRIs and the dogs and the brains and what they can feel And. I'm just Like, and they can talk now with these buttons. Yes. And they can say, I wanna go out and they know what it means. And it makes me fucking nuts you guys. I'm really fucked up about the dogs. All I want are the dogs. And. I want a thousand dogs. The reason I have three dogs, including one of them who's 27% inbred, which means his parents, the brother and sisters are definitely fucking, and he's really a dope. But he is consequently the most loving one of all of them. So there's an interesting argument for like it is, what's that about? 'cause I got two real smart dogs who are like, take it or leave it. Like every time I put one of 'em down, they shake off my hugs. And this other one's just like, gimme, gimme, gimme. And I'm like, well your parents may have fucked, but you are so cute.


Your parents were also your aunt and your uncle, whatever that math is. But I'm the big winner, but I'm the big winner here. Yeah. Most the dumb and happy. It's the dumb and happy. That's right. Because I'm like, you are not thinking about whether or not I'm coming back. You don't care. You're just happy to see me when I am here. You two are over here like this bitch never coming back. She'll Be outta here in five seconds. Don't believe these scratches. She says she's gonna be back. She's not, not, she's going out on the town. I think sometimes because I'm very close with his children, especially his youngest who I was around when she was a baby. And sometimes I do get sad sometimes where I'm like, oh man. Like I wish I had, So you Want them this feeling all the time? I really don't know. But it's like you said, sometimes you, you're like, huh, I wonder And I do have that with her.


But then I also feel proud sometimes when we hang out And then I leave and I'm like, so I just gave to this little person. I'm not going to get anything back Right in this life. It's not my kid. She'll visit you in your terminal. I hope so. She will. I can tell. It might be before we know it. What? You never know because my heart, This is something you'd to Yeah, exactly. Right, right. I know my heart could explode. You Told me about your cholesterol in cholesterol. Five minutes high. Okay. Cholesterol. Your cholesterol is very high. Yeah, quite high. Are you on a statin? I'm Supposed to be on one, but I'm delaying. But it's fine. I'm gonna be fine. Does your mother have high cholesterol? My dad, my dad, dad. Dad has high cholesterol. Yeah, but how old is your dad? He's 71. I mean, you're good.


I know We're good. I mean, come on. Can you knock on wood? Oh yeah. For your dad or for you? No, all Of us. How long has he been on the statins? He For like 35 years. Okay, Great. So let's get on the statins and then we're good. Yeah, I think we're good. Yeah, we're good. But, But all to say there is something actually like this is a beautiful relationship to practice. Just giving and then leaving. Yeah, the leaving part is really something I like doing. I really like doing it. When I go to my sister's house, I'm like, Bye-Bye. you know? It's a nice night of the real house. Enjoy. Enjoy bed. Enjoy bedtime. I get to go home and do whatever that fuck I want. You're right, There's a lot of benefits, but you know what I mean? I do. I'm just joking. There's something very hard about not being the caregiver, but loving like a caregiver. And so that's an interesting relationship.


I'm glad I have. I understand that. I think that's the best of both worlds too. Yeah, It sounds, I think like I'm on a full-time agenda to get everyone up to You don't sound like that at all. Okay. Okay. It's just a different perspective and also a lived experience where things worked out in ways that you couldn't have imagined. And that's worth sharing. And You're right, A lot of people have been made worse by it. Yeah. There are some people, if they're honest about it, we'll say, I regret it. Yeah, Absolutely. And it doesn't go great for everyone. We had help and we have money and there's a lot of things that make it easier for Us. And there's one thing you kind of can't do once you got one, give it back. I You can't put it back in there. No. Yeah. So it's like really pretty Permanent Decisions gotta be dealt with. It's one of those decisions. And sometimes it's really complicated when you're like, how will you know what you feel?


And you're like, well then what if then it's there and you're like, I don't want it. Yeah. Buyer's remorse. It's actually I think the only decision of that Level. Yeah. It's really, really like You really can't get outta That. And it's really serious. Stakes Are high. Stakes are quite high. Yeah. Okay. Back to Hold, Your, Breath. So don don't know how we talk about the plot of this in an artful way that doesn't give everything away, but in essence we meet you, you have these two little girls and we understand your husband is away building a bridge. There are also some other folks in this little community and you really get a sense of how fucking lonely those people were. Everyone had their acreage. It wasn't like what happens in Los Angeles or a lot of cities or towns where houses are just like boom, boom, boom right next to each other.


Yeah. So it was like, you're going through hell. You're not sure if other people died. You don't know how they're handling it. And then of course the other people in the community are dealing with it. Some of them in much worse ways. Yeah. We're concerned about one woman's sanity. You're trying to maybe be helpful for a while, but then there's some other stuff going on. That's the part I don't really know how to introduce. You Mean about a potential dissent into madness? Yes. The Movie is about the very, very small tightrope walk of sanity. Sometimes. That's probably the truth of it. I don't know about you, but sometimes I will see someone or experience someone doing something really fucking crazy. And I think they're but the grace of God. Because I think at any given moment, the tenuous hold one can have on one's own sanity.


Oh yeah. And like what can just send it off, you know? So that was another thing that was very interesting about the movie to me was what does that look like when what you are doing to try to remain sane is actually super crazy. I'll also add, it's really trying to put some line between what are the real threats in life and what are the imagined ones? Because as the real ones are coming at you, you feel emboldened a bit for having anxiety and fear. It can be misleading, weirdly. Yes. Well, it's a little bit like this risk assessment thing. Like there was an article or a book written about this, And I can't remember who it would be attributed to. But this idea of like, just because you feel that something is likely to happen because of a certain set of circumstances doesn't mean that it will.


I think a lot of us look to feelings to tell us whether something is dangerous or not dangerous. And sometimes that's an appropriate response. If you feel like someone's following you or something. I'm just talking more about people thinking about the probability of something bad happening because you feel like maybe it could, or you worry that it might, you think somehow by having the worry, it's communicating that it's more likely this movie, this woman is sort of alone raising these children in a very, very scary, harrowing circumstance. And what she imagines, one thing you can say that is not a giveaway, which is that she has already lost a child. And so her fear of it happening again becomes naturally very, very potent for her. And when you're by yourself and you're alone, that's key.


Well, this is the other thing. When we were talking when Rob wasn't recording that this idea of when you are not in a relationship, I have a couple of people in my life who are single and have been single for years. And I'm not talking about because they couldn't get a man or something. I'm talking about decisions made about this And I. Find them to be the most difficult relationships I have in my life because they don't have the consistency of a voice other than their own. To either talk themselves out of some story they've told themselves or some assessment they're making. You know, think about the number of times you rely on Kristen. Yeah. To say to you, Dax, dude, my dude. Yeah, yeah. This is not what you think. It's you're off. And you saying to her, babe, listen to me.


You need sometimes, and sometimes it can be a friend doesn't only have to be a romantic partner. Right. But having people in your life that can rely on that, you're sound boring to say to you, you are thinking about this as out of adjustment and it's a paramount importance. Nothing could be more valuable in life than having that kind of connectivity. And when you don't have it, you're swirling in your own juices and it doesn't do you any good. Well, by the way, there's almost a fun game you could play. It could almost be a game show where it's like sometimes you're listening to someone tell you about their problem. I have the thought. Well, they've been sitting with this one on their own for a very long time. I'm the first person to hear about that. They're even hearing themselves say this out loud and realizing this sounds a little nuts. And I know the fourth person that hears what they're going through.


This will be a different story just by the act of hearing themselves out loud. I can tell That's right. This is a real thing that happens in life. And, I think in the movie is she has just got no one except for her daughters to bounce things off of And. I think she's got enough wherewithal, certainly the beginning of the movie, to not bring them into too much of her worry. But it's obviously on her face. She's carrying a lot and the death of a child. And also is there something out there that is trying to harm her and her family In addition to the crazy dust bowls? Is there a person, an entity, a being, a thing that is coming for her and her children? And it is very scary to her and it's very real and she's got no one to sort of say, did you hear that?


Do you see that? Do you know about that? She doesn't wanna freak her Kids out. Right. And so it's this thing she's battling by herself, which is far more likely to send you down the rabbit hole of, oh, another Good metaphor. Just these family secrets. I think you could watch this movie and whatever your issues are are gonna be on full exploration. Yeah, I agree. That's a trigger for me is like protecting kids from what? From reality. You can't protect them from it. They're in it. Right. By not telling them doesn't remove them from the reality. It just has them guessing at what The fuck on. And also And, I always feel like where there is a void, you fill it in with your own information that is probably erroneous. Or at the very least not even accurate. What is the point? This is why I always feel this about relationships and friendships too romantic or otherwise.


I would rather talk about it. I'd rather you tell me every fucking thing you hate about what I did. I would rather you say it all and then let me at least respond and say, here's what I was thinking or here's what was going on with me. Like it, leave it, agree with it or not. At least the conversation is out there. At least you have a frame of reference for understanding why behavior is happening. And it's like, if you don't tell me why I don't have to agree with you, I can tell you that was not my intention. You can tell me that my intention matters not to you at all. But there does come a point where if you withhold that from me, and then I'm trying to figure out who to be or what to be for you to you or how best to be. Like, I'm creating something that's like, I think you're doing X because of Y and you're like, Whoa, Whoa, Whoa.


Yeah. No. Yeah. And it's like, well if you had told me I wouldn't have gone over here and created it. I think friendships, relationships, romantically too, live or die on communication. And it's like if you're able to say the hard impossible thing and the other person can hold it. Again, I'm not talking about agreement, I'm just talking about willingness really to hold something uncomfortable. And, I think we index all differently. Like you And, I need that. I do need that because I will fill in the gaps and there's no getting away from this thing I created. Correct. And then I'm the one not sleeping. You're sleeping fine. Yeah. 'cause you're not Even mad at me in way Mad me at the way that I think you're mad at me. Yes. you know? And it's like I'm trying to figure out what I've done or what I didn't do. Back to that dualistic behavior a little bit as a kid. Correct. Correct. And the truth is, my world has gotten a little smaller of late because of these things.


The older I've gotten, the more I've realized that there are some people in your life that can hang with the ugliness of things, the truth of things, be responsible for their own part in things. Expect you to be responsible for your part of it. But people who take their ball and go home and don't wanna talk about it. For me personally, I can't do that. There are other people who can coexist perfectly that way because they both don't wanna talk about it and then just move on. Move on.org, you know? Yeah. Yeah. As A friend. Mine used to say, so it's good, very good Site. But there were times in my life where that didn't seem as important to me of having like-mindedness in terms of, again, not agreeing with me on everything, but at least willingness and openness to being able to really get in there and roll your sleeves up and pull it all out.


Look at it, shake it all out. It's blood and guts and dirt and shit and vomit. And then spray it all down and see what you're left with. And either there's something you wanna put back in the body and sew it back up and we go back on our way and we're better, deeper, richer for it. Or you go, I don't want what's there. Great. don don't want it either. By The way, I've never had a single experience where we did all that. And then afterwards I didn't feel better. Correct Me neither. Whether or not we resolved anything or not Me neither. But there are other people. The proof for me is so there. But to me, I think you do have to rely on another person's sanity in some way. Because you could be willing to have a conversation about the deepest, darkest things about yourself, your jealousy, your envy, your hatred. But if the other person isn't willing to like do that same kind of excavation, I do think it gets really hard because then you end up feeling a little like, wow, I just put all of this Shit.


Well that's a level of relationship. Yes. There are certain people you wouldn't do That with. Exactly. In your Life. Yeah. You Wanna keep at some sort of arms face. Totally plenty of them. Yeah. Because as my therapist would say, if you have a problem with someone, but you know like, you know what? This relationship has limitations. And then you go to them and you say, Hey, this is what's going on and it's this and this. You're actually inviting intimacy course. That's what You are saying. Of course. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. In order to make the risk of that worth it is a, you have to know you want the thing in the first place. Exactly. And then second, you have to know that the relationship itself can withstand that. And you don't go doing that with your guy who gives you your Starbucks in the morning. But there are people who do that too. They wanna parse out everything with every person. But I would like to talk about almost anything with almost everyone.


Yeah. We do love a deep dive. I love a deep dive. I like to get in there. As I said at the beginning, you're a unicorn and an anomaly and enigma wrapped in a mystery in a, what did Churchill's name and I got to know you better. And yet I still have it. Really? Yeah. That's kind of the dream outcome for me. Cool girl. I definitely know you better. And also you're still pretty exotic to me. Really? I feel like we're like a lot alike. I do too. So what's exotic about it? Why is there a woman version of me? What do you mean? They made a lady version. They made a lady version of me. Actually they made a male version of you. 'cause you're 15 days older than me. Oh yeah. So I'll take that. I'm a replica.


I'm the male Version version of you. I Like it. Thanks. I like it. But I'm so interested about what's exotic about it. I feel like such a, you feel Pedestrian. I feel a little bit regular. Yeah. You're Not. No, I'm not. You're not. In a wonderful way. Yeah. Yeah. The Best way. That's what I'm saying. You had unicorn vibes coming in and then you like maintained unicorn vibes. That's what I'm saying. I Wonder what Monica feels. I Feel unicorn vibes too. I told you you were a cool girl before A BR. Yeah. And I. Still think it. Wow. This is really fun. This was really fun. Did you like it? I Really Love it. I really like it. My question, I've been wondering for a long time, like why no one's asked me to be honest. No. Are you kidding? Yeah. We have have been asking for years. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I think we told Amanda, Hey can you tell her?


Yeah. Yeah. I don't remember her telling me that at all. Well don't worry, I'll be calling her. The main takeaway of this is, fuck you Amanda. We learned anything on this episode. Fuck you. Fuck you. This was funny guys. Well this is A blast. Thank You for coming. I really enjoyed this. I want everyone to watch Hold Your Breath, which is on Hulu October 3rd. This is fantastic that you can just watch it in your house. People are lamenting the fact that, but at the same time I'm kind of like, do you really wanna leave your house a lot? That's the problem, right? I'm saying one thing, but I'm living A different way. I know this is how I feel. Fraudulent. I know I'm fraudulent that way too. Okay, well this is a real party. And I. Hope we do it again. We Are gonna do it again. Okay, great. You're not gonna get rid of me.


Alright Everybody watch Hold. Your Breath, Hold Your Breath Hold Your Breath. October 3rd. Don't Hold Your Breath until October 3rd. Well, you could. Its a Dangerous. Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by Shutterfly. Reconnecting with the people in your life is so important and sending a holiday cart is a meaningful way to do that. But it can be hard to know where to start. Shutterfly makes it so easy to share a custom card that's perfectly you. They've got a style for everyone from classic seasonal designs to hand-drawn holiday cheer. Customize your card by adjusting the color to compliment colors from your photo. You can add more photos and text to the back of your card for free. And even upload your own design and take advantage of Shutterfly's high quality printing and simple mailing services. Shutterfly is so fun to use and you just blast them out. I receive them all the time. My mother-in-law's a big Shutterfly person and they're so fun. I love getting holiday personalized cards. Me too. Find the perfect holiday card for you@shutterfly.com and start customizing today. Enjoy 40% off your Shutterfly order with promo code DAX 40 and send something meaningful this year. Get free shipping on qualified orders. See site for more details.


He isn't our care expert, but he makes mistakes all the time. Thank God Monica's here. She's gonna let him have the facts. You have a computer today too. I just wanted to see what it was like. What if I had a computer? You're just jealous. I do like that you have a prop. I'm jealous that you have a prop. Yeah, it's fine. It's cool. Like you're, you play with a guitar and I've just gotta sing on a mic. Yeah. I, you know, I can't hide behind it, but I just have it 'cause I was doing some work. And I had it in my hand. And I didn't know where to set at my house. Sure. I have a whole thing about setting things down. I think you've heard me talk about it before. Yeah. 'cause 'cause you have been judgemental.


I'm very judgemental of people who lose things. Yeah. AKA and me. Well, no, I mo most people lose things. Yeah. But I always argue if you only have X amount of places, you set things down, you can't really, you know, even saying it out loud, I sound terrible. I recognize No, it makes sense. It's just, I think you think of it as like, this is so obvious. It's A solution. It's like your teeth are full on. Well you brush 'em as a toothpaste. Your idea sounds great. Yeah. No one likes it though. Everyone I pitch it to who loses stuff. They don't like it. I've never convinced anyone to adopt this strategy. But at any rate, yeah. I kinda live by it. So my computer only goes certain places because I, I would have the panic of my life if I lost my computer.


I couldn't put it upstairs because cleaning's happening upstairs. Mm. Okay. And. then I was like, oh, I'll set it on the counter. Run to the attic. We're like, what do we call this by the way? Garage side note. The garage. Okay. I Call it the garage. That's fun. Side note again, another side note. I dealt with the cobwebs. Have you noticed we have cobwebs in the, in the very peak of the roof. In the attic. Well I've been noticing them and I'm like, the guests must see those. There's a couple that are like, they've spun together. They've gotten dirty over time. They're gross. They, they look like hanging pinatas and there's dust inside. Happy Halloween. Happy Halloween. Happy birthday, happy quinceanera. So I was in my garage using my leaf blower to blow out the shit from the garage.


And. I noticed. Oh, I had some cobwebs in the corner of the garage. And. I used my leaf blower and by God it got rid of them. A leaf blower. Just blast the cobwebs away. And I went, ding, ding, ding. This was just Sunday. So then I immediately sprinted up to the attic. And. I was just leaf blowing the shit out of the top of the attic. Wow. Okay. So when we get up there in a half hour, which we're scheduled to do, I want you to look at the ground 'cause there's bits of cobweb laying all over the ground now. But it is off the ceiling. Ew. You prefer it on the ground? I prefer it out of the attic. I had to get it off the ceiling. And what was I gonna do? Get a ladder and some feather. And. I just took the leaf blower to it. I thought that was a pretty creative solution.


It is. Okay. Back to this. So I didn't know where to put it and I'm not allowed to put it in places. I'll forget it. So then I was just carrying it And. then I thought, oh fun. I'll have a prop like Monica. Interesting. And. I. Wonder where you're gonna put it next. Bend over. I'll show you. That's not one of your places so you can't put it there. Remember I said that to my mother-in-Law and she kind of took it seriously. Bend over. I'll show you is a big saying in our house. Kristen says it a lot. I think the kids even say it. I say it. Yeah. But some people don't like that saying, well It's rude. Yeah, but it's objectively. But it is cute. It's so ridiculous. You can't I You're not really Rude. She took it seriously in that like she bent over.


No, she just reported to Kristen that I had said that to her and she did not think it was very funny. I see. This is why you can't have a computer FYI Because I clean it while we're Here. Yeah, you're like all busy with it. Well good prop work you incorporate into your acting. You should know that from all your training at your various schools you went to. I didn't even go to acting school. But I know to incorporate your props. Okay. We're on a time schedule Today. We're on time schedule. Which is why I'm immediately tr can't get on I. know that in the back of my head. So you're trying to like do the opposite Then Rebel at me is like, I can't now I can't concentrate. Okay. I'm so sorry. Where were we at? This is going away. I'll put it there.


That's over that fun experiment and game is over. Is this gonna be one of your new spots because or do you have to see this is my problem with your, your plan, right? Yeah. This isn't one of your spots. So really by your theory, you'd have to stop what you're doing right now. Go walk this over to one of your designated locations, then walk back and no one does that. This is no fault of your own. I haven't explained the entire system to you. Okay. Obviously if it's in my line of sight, my purview, I don't have to worry about where it's at. If I'm at a restaurant, I can see my phone. Obviously the restaurant's not one of the places I put my phone. 'cause don don't live at the restaurant.


But as long as it's in my line of sight, I can't lose it. Wait, this is that. I'm gonna put so many holes. Just like your toe. No, you either. Wow. Updates on that too. If it's in your line of sight, you're fine. You can't lose something that's in your line of sight. Of course you can. That's exactly how it happens in my line of sight. I know my phone's there. This is great. Do our thing. Oh my God. Oh my God. We're late for our thing. 'cause we are Stop. That's the problem. You can't get up and leave the line of sight. Well you do. You don't plan on it being a hurry. But then it's a hurry and it's like, oh fuck, we gotta go. We gotta go. I'll get And. then I run up there and then You're acting like there's a monster is chasing you or something.


This is your brain doesn't work like this. Like I'm always like flustered like this. Oh you are? Yeah. There's always so much to do and like so much happening And And. I have to run upstairs. And then I you trip. I take my computer. Okay. I amm like, oh yeah, And, I, And I. Grab my purse. Yeah, And. I run out. Okay. Okay. Then we do our interview that we're about to do. Then I'm like, Hours have gone by. Fuck. Where's my phone? Right. That's how this happens. I'm gonna not leave its orbit. That's a commitment I have. Okay. We'll see what happens when we're rushing up my toe at 3 0 7 On a previous fact check. I did tell you that I had poked some holes in my toe and then this weekend I had just removed one of my fungal patches.


Yep. I'm surprised you still wanna talk about that. I don't but and even as I was saying my fungal patch, I was like why do you keep doing this anyways? I saw the toe nail. I snapped a picture. Sure did. And I sent it to you. And I said, is this worse or better than you're expecting? And. I said worse. But. that made it better. So describe for the listener what the to It's Bad. I can see that it's bad. Really bad. That's why I decided to send you a picture. Yeah. Like I'm not delusional that that looks healthy. I really want you to go to the doctor. When we get back from our trip, we're going on a work trip and when you're we're back you really need to It's to to the doctor.


'cause like I think they might have to cut your toe off. Yeah. That's what it looks like. So the update that I wanted to share with you, you saw it And I. Think this has something to do with my products I'm using on the toenail. So then this is unrelated. I just noticed my right toenails were a little bit long. I'm gonna trim those And then I started getting after the other toe And. then I started trimming around that toe. Okay. And And, I was able to trim really far down without it hurting. Okay. I think the products are making the gross nail maybe hopefully separate. Because I think what really my fear and why I don't want to go is I think they're gonna look at it and go, we've gotta surgically pull that nail off and you gotta start fresh. Right. And that seems terrible.


What's your least favorite part of any torture scene is nails. Ugh. Yeah. So I have cut most of it off. Okay. And. I. Think I'm going to, hopefully by the end of our business travels that toenail's gonna be completely removed. That's my current goal. And is the black still visible though? Don't tell anyone about the black. You Already talked about the black. Oh, okay. And the black is definitely the most disturbing part. It Is. Well but, and it's also been accentuated by the fact that when I put the hot needle in there, that was all black was soot. So it also deposited a ton of soot in my, in those holes. That's a lot of what you're seeing as soot.


Okay. Bend over. I'll show you. First of all, I don't think that's a lot of what I'm seeing. I think I'm seeing a lot of fungus. Okay. And then also, why'd you put soot in in there That's not gonna help anything. Well, 'cause I Wasn't gonna heat up the, the whole point of heating up the, well there's two points really. There's So it'll melt through the nail. That's why you heat it. Well sterilization and Then sterilization. Yeah. So I'm not gonna like sterilize it and then wipe it with something that contaminates it. So I'm just sticking with whatever You could have. Yes. You you. Alcohol patch Alcohol. Exactly. Alcohol. I should have. I was in a rush for whatever reason. It's because you used to love your feet so much and then the doctor ruined one of your feet and now you're like self-sabotaging I know I flew too close to the sun.


'cause I was on Kimmel bragging about having foot competitions with staff members. So I know why I've been smed. The old narrative was that your feet were perfect. The new narrative is I flew too close to the sun and now you're self-fulfilling that prophecy. And it doesn't have to be that way. I actually to let you know where I'm at mentally, I had a moment of optimism when I was able to cut as much of it off as I did the other day. Try not to puke. I wanna see it again. I'll show you. I need to see it with all of it removed. Okay. I think you're gonna be encouraged. Anyways. Once I started seeing a little light at the end of the tunnel, like oh, I think I'm gonna be able to get this nail completely off. Yeah, sure. Without surgery.


Yeah. I then let myself imagine what would my left foot like look like if a healthy toe nail grew in. 'cause don don't have any other issues on my left foot. Okay. It's just that hideous toenail. I started getting thinking, no, I'm gonna be able to salvage this one. I had written off both feet, but now I'm back to thinking I might have one really attractive foot. Is the black still there? You never answered that. Even though you took a lot of the nail off. Is the black on the bed still there? Well here's a part that's so gross. I don't wanna tell you about or anyone that listens to this program. When I cut off that sizable chunk of the nail.


Yeah. I flipped it over to see. Sure. And it's black. It's so bad. What's underneath? Was it black? Like what is it? I don't wanna say what color it was. It was brown. Isn't that worse than black? No. 'cause black is like, black is true. Yes. Necrotic. Gangrene gang likes fully done. It's done. Yeah. Alright, So this was more of a brown. Okay. So we'll check back in after the work trip that you think is, which is only like a few days, by the way. Yeah. That nail's gonna be gone. By the time Everything's gonna be fixed by then we'll report back. Now we, we won't give any details about this, but we did see a, we went to a screening of a movie this weekend.


A huge family affair. Yes. With W's family. Your family. Natalie, Calvin, me Calvin's. Cute friend Bee. Yeah. My Chili's, Anna, Julia, Justin, my cousin. His chili Nomi. It was so fun. It was really fun. And We saw Wicked. Did you already say that? No, I didn't, but I wasn't going to. Oh, I wanna keep it it. I think we can say we I don Ed. I don't wanna keep it don. Don't think we're, I mean it's like very, I read the list of things we can't say about it. Okay. And I'm gonna now tell you all the things now. But I read the list and saying we saw it is not prohibited. Okay. We saw Wicked. We got an advanced screening.


Very exciting. And it was really fun. It was really fun and very good. Very, Very good. And I will say I had, and this is mean, but I had low expectations. 'cause it's a musical, right? Yeah. I'm not a big musical gal. Although I did. I have seen Wicked The The Play. And Did you like it? And. I did love it. But it's been so many years. Yeah. And I forgot. And so I'm not a big, I'm not a big musical person in general. And then I'm definitely not a big musical on screen. Right. Yeah. I very few musical movies. Can I name that I've liked? Yes. But Count. Count this one in And. I was, were you singing in your apartment any of the songs?


'cause I was singing songs. Which one did you sing? Popular? No, but I love popular. Yeah, me Too. Bob Er. you know I sang that song for an audition in college. You Did? How do you think you did? I don't think I booked whatever part I was trying to book. I'm sure I did a horrible job because I was so self-conscious. Sure. It's very scary to sing in front of people. Oh God. God. I mean, you don't know what that is Like. No. I've had to sing on stage in the Groundlings for singing Improvs. Which there were some built in. Yeah. Luckily I was always so bad at it. They finally weeded me out of those. Okay, got it. you know there's a group there that's great at it. But you love singing. I love singing in front of people. I mean, I did have one moment.


You Do it a lot. I'm just, I'm just giving sure. When Star Born Was Out, how's that song? What are the beginning lyrics of Shallow? Shallow? I love the beginning of that song. And. I. Love to sing the beginning of that song. I'm off the Deep end watch as I dive in. I thought that was the chorus. That's the chorus. What's the very beginning lyrics? Tell me something. Girl, are you happy in this modern World? Tell me something. Girl Kristen And I had to go on on stage in this huge Walmart conference as an outdoor amp. But I was there for that. Oh, you were there for that, right? Yes. And I couldn't resist taking the opportunity to singing it as loud and as passionately as I could. And that is a time I did it.


And I. Don't regret it. It felt great. I don't think I sounded good, but it felt really good. Yeah. So I think, And there was enough joke built into it. 'cause it was a popular movie at the time that I, there was no expectation I had to be good. I think your relationship with singing in front of People is, is different than mine. I'm Just gonna say that. Okay. Just just know that I think, I do think I'm bad at it. No. I know that. Yeah. Yeah. I But that doesn't stop you. It doesn't stop me. Which Is a big difference Problem. Yeah. No, it's just a difference. Yes. You wanna be good at it if you're gonna do it. Yes. I wanna be amazing at it. Yeah. That's the problem. I think we can say that too. There was amazing singing in this. Whew. Buckle up. This leads me to a question. So we get there and before the movie starts, some members of the group are already singing the songs.


Like every people are excited, right? Yeah. Delta was like, she was like, Lincoln, please don't sing the whole movie. Yes, yes. And. I could really relate to her. You could. I do have like an aversion to people who are singing when I'm trying to hear the actual song. Sure, sure, sure. I just decided, I think there's two camps, a camp that really doesn't like that and a camp that loves it and is fine with it. And it doesn't matter how good the people are who are singing. Right. It's not like if it's bad or good, it matters. It's just like, but I wanna hear The source material.


Correct. Yep. And so where do you land on that? Well, I am with you, but I do get then overwhelmed with, I can viscerally feel the joy that all, 'cause at 1.7 or eight people in our screening were singing along. And so I was like, yeah, I kind of want to hear the voice of these people. 'cause they're clearly the best in the world. That's why they got cast. But the visceral joy that they were all getting overwhelmed. That feeling for me. Yeah. It's like when you're at a concert, I also don't want to hear the audience sing the concert. I want to hear Stevie Nick sing it. Oh. But there's that moment where everyone's getting to sing it as loud as they can. And I do let that take over my preference.


Yeah. I guess that is funny because I don't have it during concerts. To me that's just like part Of it. You should, you've paid to go hear the actual artist sing the song. Yeah. And when everyone was singing, I didn't have it. It's, there's something about it. It must be a deeper thing. It must be like, why do some people think that this is theirs? It must be that. Yeah. Because if everyone's doing it, then everyone's doing it. Everyone's in on it. It's fun. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I didn't see the Taylor Swift cons. I mean the movie. Yeah. But I know that that wouldn't have bothered me there. Right. But like everyone's there. That's what you're supposed to do.


Yes. Yes. So Don don't know. I just, I was in the shower. And I was thinking about that And I wonder where you fell. Right. In the camps. Yeah. I want to hear also, I've never heard these, I haven't been to the musical several times. I haven't listened to the soundtrack like everyone has. So yeah. I want to kind of hear it. Yeah. But then soon as it's happening, I recognize that the people are having so much fun doing it. That I'm, I I, that ends up being more important to me than hearing what I wanted to hear. That's good. So my cousin was visiting this weekend. Yeah. Which is really, really fun. JP and this little girl know me and her in Delta Earth. The bestest of friends. And, I I know, I've already said this before, but I think it's so interesting that because your family, there's another let layer.


You have that. Did you, you didn't have a lot of cousins, did you? Even though you Well, I have cousins, but they weren't, they didn't live near me or Anything. They weren't close. So you didn't really have that cousin thing. Yeah. I really did. Like I loved my cousins. They weren't people I would've hung out with in school. Right. And I loved them so much and had so much fun with them. Always. Yeah. And, I. Just, I think it's really cute to observe. And it's hard to know though, with Delta, she can really be friends with anybody. True. Yeah. When she was introducing me To know Me, to know me, she said, this is Monica, she is my soulmate. She's known me my whole life. She is my babysitter. And now she works with my dad.


But not only that, she has a great personality and she is really pretty. She should be your publicist. I know. She Should. She's my hype woman. Yeah. Like they would call her like Falon would call to have you on and then it would be, they'd be offering the second spot, not the first. And she'd be like, absolutely not. Don't call back until, are you crazy? That's my soulmate. Yeah. It was so sweet. I think Naomi was like, oh wow. Okay. That's a lot. Okay, so this is for Sarah Paulson. Speaking of charming women.


I loved Her. Loved her. It's interesting when you're watching an actor who's just super great in their intense some, well we had this with I, know exactly who you're talking about. She's in the archives. Elizabeth Moss. Elizabeth Moss. Elizabeth Moss. You're gonna, I'm assuming she's really serious. Consternated and, and And I. Don't know if that's the right adjective, but serious. you know, it is very serious and grinding through life. 'cause the performances are so hard and impressive. Yeah. And I. I think I might have did that to Sarah before meeting her. I'm like, she must be so serious. 'cause she's so good. Right. And no, she was spunky as hail.


Oh, what a spunk. Be careful what? Yeah. Spunk works. I almost said spunk machine and that sounds terrible. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's not right. That would be the wrong, That's definitely not right. But she was so fun and playful. Love playful. Challenging in a fun way. Yes. Yeah. What a joy. Speaking of her, not speaking of her. Okay. But it is tangential because she works with Ryan Murphy so much. Yeah. Have you watched any of Monsters? Yeah, I think I watched the first two episodes. Yeah. But what it ended up doing is driving me to the documentaries I know, I really wanna watch the doc, the new doc.


I had to answer what was happening when I was watching the Ryan Murphy show. Which is great, by the way. Yeah. Lemme just say I think it's great. I was having a hard time imagining that the one Mendez brother, I don't know which one men was that enormous of an asshole. I agree. It's just so over the top. He's yelling at fucking trick or treaters. I know. He's calling people. Poor I know And I just was like, I can't really continue on until I get the real. By the way, if he's not that, that's fine. Right. But I just need to know. So then I started watching the docs to, to get that answered. Yeah. And the docs, although I do think it it, it's gonna get, if I continue on And I think the later episodes do fall in line more with the docs.


But at least the doc I saw, you know, pointed out that if any of that testimony was given in today's times, they'd be believed. A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. And watching it, I'm like, oof. But what's so crazy. And it just proves how warping context is to your perception. Yeah. I was alive then. I was a 16-year-old. This was all happening. I would see the trial on tv. And I was like, yeah, these rich fucking kids killed their parents. 'cause they, they couldn't even be patient enough to get the money later, you know? And I'm a poor kid, so I hate 'em. Yeah. And so, yeah, I think that testimony I was, it wasn't persuasive to me back then, but now I watch it and I'm like, no way. That clearly Right.


There's no way. That's not real. Well also though, there it was a mistrial. Yeah. And then in the actual trial, they weren't all that evidence. They weren't allowed evidence wasn't admissible. Yeah. They couldn't have their family members who had observed weird shit happened. They couldn't have the Cousin. Yeah. They couldn't bring up the abuse. Which is like, that is the whole defense. So I don't un It's crazy. Yeah. And they're still in jail. Yeah. It's pretty bo I mean, I mean look, there's, there's a lot of things though. Like, okay, let's say the abuse is real. Yeah. Do I think a 22-year-old needed to go kill his parents? Like I to say that the abuse is real isn't even saying they shouldn't be in jail. And. I'm not saying they should or shouldn't.


don don't. I don't have a position. But it's not like you, you believe the abuse is real and therefore what they did is fine. It's not like those are the two options either. You think they're cold-blooded killers and they weren't abused. Or they were abused and they shouldn't be in jail for murdering their parents. I don't, I think there's a third option, which is like, I understand why they maybe did it. I don't think that's a course of action people are allowed to take in the response of abuse. Yeah. Well either Do I, but I also think your sentence should be reflective of that. Like do I think those two are a danger to society? No, I do not.


Right. Based on their experience. And like same with Gypsy Rose. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, she is out now, but like Right. Same situation. But I don't think the policy is, if you've been abused, you get to kill. You're allowed to kill. Yeah. You don't get to be judge Executioner, whatever, all those Things. Well, I don't think so either. I think that you should have to serve some time. Yeah. But I don't think you should have to serve a life sentence Your whole life. Yeah. Yeah. I, we agree. If the whole point is to keep people, like Dangerous people, Dangerous people off the street, this is not that. Yeah. But we get really mixed up about what the point of jail and retribution is. Yes. Anyway, Sarah, there's only, I only have two facts for her.


Okay. Hit me with the two facts. Okay. One is the Carrie Fisher quote. She said a Carrie Fisher quote and said she probably was gonna mess it up, but it's, if my life wasn't funny, it would just be true. And that's unacceptable. I had the privilege of hanging out with her one time. What Was That like at her house? A friend of mine was really good friends with her, invited me over and she was very fucking cool. I Bet. Yeah. Carrie Fisher I know, not Mendez, Menendez. You say it every time. Menendez Menendez. Okay. Studio 60 had 22 episodes. We were talking about That.


22 episodes. 22. I loved that show so much. I watched It. Why do you think you loved it? It's Sorkin. Yeah. I'm a sucker for Sorkin. I'm a sucker for Sorkin as well. I'm a blue monster. You, what's It called? And you loved Chandler at the time. Matthew Perry. I love A s Spunk machine. Yeah. Thank. You. That's what you could call a teenage boy. Oh Yeah. I, I love Matthew Perry. I love Bradley Whitford. I, I, the cast is insane. Amanda, Pete, I love Stephen Weber. Like it's, It's dynamite. It's a dynamite cast.


I love the like backstage quote, like backstage world Of BTS. Yeah. BTS like the newsroom. I loved the newsroom. Same newsroom, same situation. You got me with newsroom, Like behind the scenes of a newsroom. This is behind the scenes of SNL essentially. Yes. Like what's not to love. I loved it. Yeah. I'm trying to think why I didn't watch it. And. I'm guessing because in some weird way maybe I thought you're not allowed to do that about S-N-L-I-I get. Well, I'm guessing. Yeah. But ironically, the other show that was on at the same time was 30 Rock. So a lot. I love 30 Rock It.


Which is definitely, that is SNL. It was SN L was a talk Show. No, I mean they called it, I mean, it was SSN l It was, yeah. Yeah, You're right. I take that all back. Maybe you felt, I think because Tina was doing it. Yeah. You felt like it was allowed because it was Tina, but, and it Was so fucking good, So funny. But I think a lot of people felt that they had to choose because Between those two shows, yes. They weren't on the same time though. Wasn't 60 way before. No, 2006 was Studio 60. And I Think 30, rock 38 was probably 2008. 2006. 2006, yep. Just like I said, 2008. Same time, same time. Like I said, I kind of remember it specifically because I was in college.


And I had this professor. I was like, oh, I love Studio D 60. And he was like, oh, 30 Rock is so much, much better. Oh, And I was like, that's the really different, Yeah, yeah. One's a one hour drama, one's a. Yeah. Yeah. That's fair. So I think some people like my professor Shout out George Cantini. Well, that's it. That's everything. Yeah. That's Our time for today. Okay. Well, I, the bell's about to ring. Okay. Well, thanks for having me on your show. Thanks for letting me bring my prop. Just put your homework in the bin on your way out. Okay, great. I will do that. All right. Did you ever do homework? Did you do your homework? Yeah. Oh, some people don't. I didn't Do all of it.


Ah. I might have relied on just testing. Well, at times. See, God, whatcha trying to do Are you trying to gaslight me? Oh my God. All right. Well, the As I thought, I did it in college. All of it. Never missed any homework in college. Do you have homework in class? Yeah. No, not really. You Have papers? You have? I have. Well papers. I have so many papers. That's Homework. That's what, because it's not really, because papers is like a third year grade. You Have homework, you have a syllabus. You gotta go home and read section. There's a lot of reading. That's your homework. That's, but okay. Your Coursework. Yeah, sure. Fine. Sure. It could be. So you didn't do homework and that's clear. No, I get some of my homework. Didn't really hoped I would test.


Well. All right. I love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hey, armchairs, quick question for you. Have you ever stopped to wonder who came up with that bottle of sriracha sitting in your fridge? Or why almost every house in America has a game of Monopoly stashed away somewhere? Well, this is Nick and this is Jack, and we just launched a brand new podcast called The Best Idea Yet. It's all about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with, and the people who brought them to life. Like Super Mario, the bestselling video game character ever. He's only a thing because Nintendo couldn't get the rights to Papa or Jack. How about McDonald's Happy Meal? Believe it or not, the Happy Meal was dreamed up by a mom in Guatemala every week on The, Best, Idea Yet, you'll discover the surprising stories behind the most viral products of all time while picking up real business insights along the way. We guarantee you'll be that person at your next dinner party, dropping knowledge bombs at the table. Follow The Best Idea Yet on the Wonder App, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to The Best Idea Yet early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.