
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I'm m Dan Shepherd and I'm joined by Monica Padman. Woo. Monica Woo. 900. I'm so delighted to announce this episode 900 because I'm a bad exaggerator, as you know. I'm actually, no, I'm not even a bad exaggerator. I'm an exaggerator And it doesn't even make sense 'cause it's a marginal exaggeration. The other day I was listening to our show and we had a guest and we were talking about Sedaris and I said, Oh yeah, he's been on six times. And as I was listening, I was like, I know he is been on five times. Yeah. Why would I have said six? Six isn't better than five? This is a good thing to know about yourself. So I'm a 20% exaggerator, but I've been saying where like, oh, well I've done 850 of these or whatever.


Right? But it, it actually is 900, 900 today. So I'm gonna start saying a thousand now. Oh God. Well, you know, we Thousand. No, we do not get to say that until we've really done It's okay. That's a huge Market. That's a commitment. I'll make it public. Okay. Now let me ask you this, this guest who I was like, couldn't say yes. Too fast enough. Yes. Were you a little bit like, oh, I don't know. Yep. Little bit. Of course. Sure. This episode is fucking riveting. Yeah. Oh my God, it is so good. Yeah. We started the episode and I was like, oh boy. Oh, I don't know. And then I was so in, it's so fascinating what a life I think your heart rate had. Had you been wearing a monitor.


I do think your heart rate would've hit one 30 at one point. Yes. This fe it felt like listening to Armchair Anonymous where we're getting like these crazy stories. Yes. It was so good. He's so cool. And who is he? Scott Payne. Scott Payne is a retired FBI special agent who spent 28 years in law enforcement investigating cases against drug trafficking organizations, human traffickers, outlaw, motorcycle clubs, gangs, public corruption, and domestic terrorists. He hated this when I said it, but everywhere you read about him, he is definitely the second or tied with the most famous undercover FB agent of all time. Cool. With Donny Brasco famous Donny Brasco. His book is called Code Name Pal Horse.


How I Went Undercover to Expose America's Nazis. And there's also a podcast that he was on that led to the book, which is also great. It's a Canadian broadcast production called White Hot Hate. And the second season is called Pal Horse on which he participates quite a bit. This was unbelievable. So good. Yes, please enjoy Scott Payne.


Get into your body's Vitals with the Vitals app on Apple. Watch the vitals. App tracks key overnight metrics so you can spot changes in your health before you feel them. The Vitals app on Apple Watch iPhone 10 s are later required. The Vitals app is for wellness purposes only and not for medical use.


We are supported by Apple TV plus presenting the hit limited series, presumed innocent starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Ruth Nega, hailing from David E. Kelly and JJ Abrams starring Gyllenhaal. In the lead role of Chief Deputy prosecutor, rusty Savage, presumed innocent, explores a horrific murder that upends the Chicago prosecuting attorney's office when one of its own is suspected of the crime. The series delves into obsession, sex, politics, and the power and limits of love as the accused fights to hold his family and marriage together. I loved This show And I started at prayer Your recommendation and I love it too. Critics rave about the fantastic ensemble and say Presumed innocent is brilliant, undeniably compelling, and TV at its highest quality. Now streaming on Apple TV plus more@fyc.apple tv plus.com.


It's a nice lot by the way. Oh, Thank You. It's so funny 'cause I live in Hill country, or even if you're down in South Carolina around Charleston, it's just trees and greens. Yeah, yeah. So you don't even know what's on the other side of that hedge. You turn the corner and you're like, oh my gosh, there's like four malls and everything else. Yeah, that's what I picture here. 'cause you see a fence and you don't know, and you go and you go, oh man, you got a nice size lot. It's good. Well, I'm from Michigan and I grew up in a hillbilly area outside of Detroit and so yeah, having a big yard is everything. Yeah. You're in South Carolina? No, I'm in Knoxville, Tennessee, man. Oh, You're in Knoxville. And they built a fucking race truck between Knoxville and Nashville, right? Yes. Those are my friends. What's it Called? It's called Flat Rock. I was there, it wasn't a grand opening, but we went out there. So I've helped Red Bull racing a lot. My friends are really connected with a nitro circuit, so we went out there when it was just dirt, but it's a big deal.


The owner got jammed up on a hit and run. Oh, Recently? Yeah. Leaving the scene drunk. Oh No. I mean you only run if You're drunk. I think I hit something. Well, should we stop check? Should we do a little Double check? Should we find out? Maybe a little reverse. Maybe not a reverse. Maybe just pause. Let me get out and look. Oh my God. Okay, so you're from those South Carolina? Yeah, born and raised in South Carolina. And did you not wanna retire there? No, because when you get a chance to transfer in the FBI, you go to the headquarters division. I don't know what the RAs out of LA are, but let's just say you're in Tennessee. Yeah. It was Knoxville's headquarter city. But outta Knoxville, you've got Chattanooga as a resident agency. They're satellite offices. We had one at Oak Ridge for a while.


We got Johnson City. So Columbia and South Carolina is the headquarter city. I was raised in the upstate and I also lived and played ball and bounced down in Charleston. So for me, I either want the mountains or I want the beach. I don't want the center of South Carolina because no offense to anybody who loves it there, but we call it the armpit of South Carolina because that's the hottest point. You should Call it the crotch. If you've got like mountains, The tank, The tank of South Carolina, that's got some charm to it. Oh yeah. That's where University of South Carolina's at. But I didn't really care about going back to Greenville, even though I love it. And that's where I grew up. You were out of Knoxville office for a lot of your work and then built a life and a house and bought property there, I assume? Yes. I was a cop in Greenville, South Carolina.


Last two years I was a Vice narcotics investigator. I get hired by the FBI. My first office is New York City. Oh wow. I'm at 26 Fed and I was still assigned there when nine 11 happened. It's just the day of nine 11. I was undercover in San Antonio, Texas. Oh Wow. What age was that? I came in the bureau at 28. So 29, 30 In high school. You're working for your dad, you're playing football, you're lifting weights, you're a musician, right? You're into guitar. So you have your first taste of undercover work in high school. I think it's a good story. Well, I like it 'cause there's a noble cause behind it. Yeah. In the book process, I had to dive deep. You're just getting asked these questions At first. It's just, Hey, I'm gonna tell you my blocks of instruction, the things I teach. This is what I've learned.


Here's mistakes I made. Let's try to spread knowledge. I'm still trying to learn. But then you dive into, well let's talk about you growing up. And then somewhere in that process, whether it was my co-writer or the literary agents, they were like, what do you think is your first undercover? And I was like, the thing that's popping in my head is high school. My first two years of high school, my vice principal, Lloyd Walker, short stature black guy, kind of bald in very similar looking like Mr. Jefferson. Oh yeah. It's kind of the same suits. Oh yeah. I don't know what it was. I felt like he did not like me. I felt like he rode my tail. But then again, I was a loudmouth teenage kid boy with testosterone, wearing sleeveless shirts and fingerless gloves. Yeah. Things you're not supposed to do. And Did wearing weightlifter gloves in high school. We gotta keep our eye on.


Yeah, Yeah. Let's just be realistic. Throwing a spike bracelet or two. Yeah, We need to just be aware of Where he's at. Roll quarters, brass knuckles, which I don't even know where you're carrying that. Oh yeah. Butterfly knives. Butterfly knives. Yeah. Uck stars. Stars, Yeah. Slap Jack. Yeah, I Still got one. So I felt like he was riding my tail. And then I was in a band called Shade of Green. We had a talent show, but my maturity was very, very low experience wise. 'cause I don't been playing cake parties. So if you're up there doing pretty woman or hot for teacher and you grab your crotch. Yeah. All of Michael Jackson or something like that, you get a huge roar. Everybody's drunk. It's eighties. So now we're playing at a talent show where people are coming to see their kids, play the violin, do magic tricks, karate tricks, Some baton, I hope some Baton gospel stuff.


And here we come out. I'm grabbing my crotch way more than I thought I was. Clearly I was nervous. I knew I did it when I said hyper teacher, but apparently I was doing it. I didn't know I did. So they closed the curtain on us. It's very TV ish. The curtain closes and they're trying to cut the power. And me and the bass players still stick our heads out, you know? And they shut it off. The principal was Ms. Workman, she came out and my mother was there. My mother's a rockstar. I'm her baby boy. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Only child too though. Yeah, only child. We're out there in the foyer and everybody's like, oh man, that was awesome. And here comes Ms. Workman. And she's like, I'm gonna expel you. And she looks at mama. She goes, you're his mother. She says, yes. She goes, did you see what your son did on stage? And my mom was like, yes, it was awesome.


She's a star. And I'm like, that's my mom. But I'm gotta find another school. So fast forward to like Monday, I get called into Vice principal's office, Mr. Walker. And I know Mr. The Walk of Shame, you're never called in there for anything good. At least in my experience. Right. So I go in there and he's like, we need to talk about what happened. I'm already protesting. I'm like, I know people said I did this, but I didn't do it that bad. This is bs. You are always on my back. Whatever I'm saying. 'cause I'm a young idiot. He had a VCR tape uhoh for the listeners. They used to be VCR tapes, but he pops in the VCR tape. And I'm watching it and I'm going, oh, you've seen it really? For the first time. I'm like, that's an intervention dude. I'm looking at it going, oh my gosh.


That's what I looked like. Okay, why didn't I even take my hand off? I could have just left it there the whole time. And I look at him and I go, that's bad. I'm so sorry. And then I started talking about like, yeah, but think about like Michael Jackson and these groups. And I said they grabbed their crotch all the time. Before you know it, we were cutting jokes and laughing. I don't know if that was the catalyst, but after that it was like we were buddies or as close as you could be. Yeah. Vice principal and a student. And then we get to the part in the book where he calls me into his office one day and he says, Hey man, did you hear about what happened to me? And I was like, yes I did. 'cause I could drive past this house a lot. It was near my neighborhood. It wasn't like somebody took toilet paper and rolled his trees. They keyed his car, they spray painted his car spray painted his house.


N was on inward and bad racial slurs. Yeah. Oh my God. It was like the horror story you hear. We're talking South Carolina in the In the eighties. Yeah. And it takes a while to get outta that culture. And in some places you still aren't out of it. You get out there in the rural areas and you're like, but he saw something in me through this process. I finally realized it's just me connecting the people. It's not blending in. 'cause I don't look like I'm a beta club member. But in the eighties you had a smoking area. I could go in there and hang out. Yeah. Yeah. I was a jock. I could hang out with all the jocks. I could hang out with musicians. Yeah. The burnouts. Potheads. I could hang out with that. Does that mean I smoked dope back then? Yes. Yeah. That's how I hung out with him. I was even on the beta club. So that was a weird fit. But he must've seen something and he asked me if I'd be willing to help him try to figure out who did this.


'cause he pretty sure it's somebody from the school that has a beef with him. And I said, absolutely man, that's wrong. What they did. Some people may wanna call it snitching or whatever. No, I'm doing the right thing. I'm fighting the good fight, even at a young age. So I start working crowds. Something simple like we're in the gym. Hey man. Hell yeah. How's going? Yeah. Shooting the bull. Hey man. Man. Did you hear about what happened to Mr. Walker? Yeah. Man, that's crazy. I did that in every circle and not like suspicious, I don't think. But there was one dude we'd start talking and man, his whole body language, you gotta go by the baseline. Right? If you're always looking up when you answer it doesn't mean you're lying. That's your baseline. Right? Right. Yes. But if you never do it, and now I'm seeing different things, it's usually 'cause you're thinking and you're trying to make up something. This dude did the Homer Simpson.


Well, you Get super aware of everything you're doing. You have a level of self-consciousness all of a sudden and you Do the back away sinking to the shrubs. Yeah. You know? And I noticed that. I don't think they ever pined on him, but this part isn't in the book. I know that that kid slashed the tires on my car. We were at a night event. It might've been another talent show. But I came out and my cutlet supreme was flat and I was very angry. And when you told the principal, he was like, yeah, that's who I think They probably called him in and questioned him. But it was clear if he didn't do it, he definitely had something to do with it. Right. Mr. Walker was like, yep. I just recently, whatever he did, maybe that kid got two weeks of after school suspension or something. But he had just gotten in trouble. Right. Most likely it was him and some friends outside of our high school.


But my tires got slashed and I was pretty sure it was him. And then one day in school I went after him. I waited for class to start. I went down to his classroom and I opened the door and I started busting through the desks, knocking people outta the way going at him. He ran into, there was a room in the back of that classroom where they did like the newspaper, which is where his girlfriend worked. And of course I got sense to the principal's office And he was lenient. Yeah. Mr. Walker. Yeah. He goes, now listen, I'm gonna have to yell and stuff do Next time. I'm telling you Scott, don't you ever do that. Let's get you outta man. That's cool. So that's kind of when I start thinking I'm connecting with people. Not that I'm necessarily deceiving them, but I'm trying to find out information. Okay. So you go away to college, you end up majoring in psychology. You get a degree in psychology.


I majored in criminal justice, minored in psychology. Oh, okay. I could have had a double major, two more classes. Okay. Monica had a double major beat her to the punch. I did. Well, if I went back for six hours, I just needed two classes. You should, You should go back now. Should go back. Oh really? Just roll into class at Charleston seven. You Probably could. So you end up getting a job as a police officer? Yes. At first I couldn't. I came outta college with a three eight average my last two years on the Dean's list playing NCAA football. But in South Carolina at that time, for whatever reason, four different departments told me I did really, really well. They would love to have me, but they weren't hiring white guys. And I said, I'd been nice to know before I graduated. So how did you end up? I kept applying. I was already bouncing at gentleman's clubs.


I'm using air quotes because, sorry if I'm offending you, but You can be honest Here. There are no gentlemen in those clubs. And neither was I back then. It's funny You'd bring that up. I was just watching a documentary, you know this, a story. This guy who had seen a guy beating the shit out of his girlfriend on the side of the road, then called the cops. That guy ended up having killed the woman. But in his statement to the cop, 'cause they're now playing the audio on the documentary, he goes, well the gentleman was hitting the girl. And I was like, nah, I think he got that wrong. The piece of shit was hitting the woman. And where would the gentleman be in this? Okay. So how long are you there and when at that job do you start dabbling in undercover stuff?


I graduate college. I can't get a job. I was actually overqualified to be a mall cop. They wouldn't hire me. So I took a job as a security officer for two months maybe. And then I said I can't do it. I'm going back to bouncing. I went to a large country club in North Charleston. We had a law enforcement presence there. We all got certified in pressure points and control tactics by the state of South Carolina through law enforcement. So now I'm starting to get more exposed and I knew I wanted to be a cop and I get hired by Greenville County Sheriff's Office. So I go back home and I'm uniform patrol for three years. And then my last two years I was able to become a Vice and Narcotics investigator. And that's when I now go back to Columbia, to the South Carolina Criminal Justice Academy.


I get certified and undercover techniques. How long is that program? That was just a one week school. Oh really? Yeah. What are they telling you in there? Seems like a lot to learn in a week. It is A lot of role playing. How to commit to your story, that kind of stuff. I don't even Remember there if we really focused on backstory or not. That came in the FBI. Because once I got back to the narcotics unit, if I was doing the undercovers, it's not deep undercover. I'm making a couple of buys and we're doing jump outs. Or I may be hopping in a car with a source Also. How hard is it when you're in the town that you work in? Very hard. Yeah. I'd imagine. Yeah. How people know you. That Is a huge issue on the state and local level. Because if I'm in Greenville County, let's just say you get threatened. Greenville County, number one doesn't have it in their budget.


Number two, they're not gonna spend money to move me outside of the county. I work for Greenville County. How many ways can I shave my facial hair? Right? Cutting my hair on my head if I have any. It's very thin now I'm hanging on to what I got. I'm in a battle myself. Oh man. Hourly. Yeah. I'll be at CPI stem cells next week in Tijuana and I'll think I'm gonna get them to shoot something in my head, see if it does anything. So I start getting that bug. First thing I did was they rolled me down to a drug corner in a high traffic and drug area. And here I am at probably 270 pounds. I do not look like I smoke crack and I'm going down there to ask for a 20. Yeah, yeah. 'cause it was a $20 for a crack rock. I was so scared. I was scared on multiple fronts because number one, I didn't wanna embarrass myself in front of the gurus that are training me.


Number two, I'm just scared. 'cause I don't know what the hell you're doing. Yeah, exactly. I go down there, it's scary. Then they're like, all you gotta do is roll up. They're gonna rush your car and you just tell 'em you on a 20. So they come up and I crack the window because I'm so scared. I put the 20 through the window like as a vending machine. And he's like, what you want yelling at me? And I'm like a, I'm like a 20, you know? He takes the 20 and then he yells at me to roll the window down 'cause he can't hand me the dope through the window. So I started getting that bug and I started learning. But to the question you ask, I hope it's changed now. I still teach at narcotics officers, associations and conferences. I need to ask this question the next one. But you come in as a fresh face. So as a fresh face, you can go by on the corners, hop in with the source. But after a while, that's your county or your city.


You go to court before long, everybody knows. Yeah. Now you have the wisdom and you can make great cases in that unit, but a lot of times they'll kick you out to bring in a fresh face. But that fresh face has no experience working this stuff. So you gotta have some kind of transition or oversight. Once I got in the FBI and I learned about the undercover program, you get certified and we can go anywhere. Right. So how do you end up at the FBI? Because I wanna get into some of these cases. I remember sitting with my sergeant on a surveillance. He was a southern command narcotic. Sergeant Killt, former Marine Fu Manchu looked like a bulldog. Built like a bulldog. I think he even had a bulldog on his arm. Sure. He was committed. Maybe he went to Georgia Maybe. Hey, Big red.


That's right. Roll tide. No roll Tide. He always tries to do that. I always cut it. We can throw in the Tennessee balls and throw in a gator. Oh No. Now we'll be all throwing down. Roll tide's usually sufficient to get her pissed off. Yeah, I know, right? Bama. I am sitting with him one day and he says, Hey, my nickname at that point was kingpin. He goes, kingpin, if I was your age and I had a degree and I was single man, I'd apply with the FBI and I'd put New York as my first office. And I was like, what in the hell's wrong? Like, you kidding me? Really? I only thought the FBI worked like bank robberies. I didn't know they worked drugs and everything else. Yeah. I started doing research and I applied with 'em first because I was told they were the hardest to get hired by back then.


I never got a chance to fill out deas or the Marshals or anybody else. So it just kept going. I would pass phase one and then it's lie detectors and physical fitness. Then you pass phase two and then you get a slot as a new agent in Quantico. Wow. So I go to Quantico, it's 98. I leave the sheriff's office. Are you married yet or anything? No. You have nothing tying you down. Got a bass hand on the truck. Okay. I found out two months in that I was going to New York City. I started meeting NYPD cops. They're like, what do you drive? I go stick shift standard cab four by four truck with a shotgun rack. And I got a bass. I'm like, oh, you're not coming up here with that. I go, Yeah, I'm. So, I lived right on the river in Jersey. I was just north of the Empire State Building back then. I smoked cigarettes and every night at midnight I'd be out there letting my dog out smoking a cigarette and watched the lights cut off on the Top.


Yeah, that's the view. It's Very surreal. So I start working there and then I land this classified case and I get approved to be the undercover. After about 30 to 90 days I became the primary, which means now I'm there full time. They ended up writing me in for a specialty transfer because we didn't know how long this undercover was gonna go on. And that's how I got down to McAllen, Texas. Once that was over, then I gotta slot me undercover school. Okay. So over the years you've been in over a dozen of these long-term deep undercover situations. Probably my greatest interest up until I was probably 30 was outlaw biker gangs. I was obsessed with the Hell's Angels. I've read so many books about them. And you went undercover with Outlaws.


Yep. I'm right there with you. I read 'em all too. Three Can keep a secret if two of 'em are dead. Yeah. A Hunters Thompson one. Yep. Okay. So the Outlaws for people who don't know that's real as it gets, it's the Hell's Angels and Outlaws. And those two have always been embroiled and probably the biggest war. There's a Large four, but they're at the top. Well the Vargo, It usually goes Hell's Angels. Outlaws may be Pagans after that. And I'm trying to remember, I think Mongols are small. Oh, Mongols. Yeah, I'm sorry. Bandidos are huge. It's probably Hell's Angels Outlaws Bandidos Pagans. But nearly every time you read about a shootout, a casino, a shootout at Bike Week, the Outlaws are involved. Could be, yes. They're for real. I would say it depends on the chapter, but yes. Okay. That's fair of you. Belushi brought one of his Hell's Angels friends out on stage during when they say goodnight.


Oh, he also had fear. Come on, Belushi did a lot of weird shit. But he got the band fear to play. He also brought out Hell's Angels. He was on an elevator going up in 30 Rock and two Outlaws got in the elevator with him and said, we don't want to see that on TV again. That's like one of his stories. That Makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So tell me that I respect That, that Tell me that process because my understanding of is you got a Probie for like a year in most of these clubs, right? You Do. Usually the bylaws would say six months. But because of law enforcement infiltration, I've heard of some say you gotta be a hang around for two years. Two years before you can even prospect or probate. And then that's gonna be a year process. So now you've got three years in it before you're even wearing a Patch. Yeah.


So how It was a different thought process because I'm not knocking anybody who's gained a patch. My ego wanted the patch. Of course. Right. I would love to have that cut hanging. But here's what I can tell you. There have been hundreds of law enforcement officers who have patched into biker clubs. 1% are biker clubs. And a lot of times the cases didn't work because You gotta do enough shit to be in. Sorry, what's it mean? What's what mean? The patch. Oh. So if you want to join the Hell's Angels, yeah. You're gonna be a Probie for at least a year. You go on all the camping trip shows like a rookie. Yeah. You get your ass kicked. You do all the shit work, Hazing. And at the end of this experience, they will vote you in or out. If they vote you out, they keep your bike and your shit and they tell you to get the fuck out of town.


If they invite you in, you get the patch. Ah. And once you put the patch on, if I'm at a bar and I want to fight a Hell's Angels, I have to say, please take your jacket off. 'cause if I don't and I try to fight a guy with the patch on, I'm fighting the whole club. Those are the rules. I don't know why I'm saying all this bro. If you go as far back in all the writings I've read, just like you've read. Yeah. Seventies, eighties, you see that kind of stuff. But the patch is your cut. So you're gonna have a top rocker and that's gonna say Outlaws mc or Hell's Angels mc. And then the middle piece is gonna be the death head for Hell's Angels. Or it's gonna be Charlie for the Outlaws, which is two cross pistons and a skull. They refer to the skull as Charlie. Then you have your bottom rocker. That bottom rocker is generally your state.


Oh. So that's when you start getting into stuff territory wise. Is that your chapter? It's your state. State. Like Boston. Boston was weird. 'cause Boston and south of Boston was outlaw territory. Boston and north of Boston was Hells Angels territory. Right. So you get in big areas like that or Florida. Florida has is a mass. Right? California's a mess. Yeah. It's a big state. I mean, And it iss a great riding state with great weather. Also a good three-way for drugs and criminal activity. Yeah, Yeah. Out here supported all those Lot of, not saying they all do it, just saying. So how did you get ingratiated? What I ended up doing, and trust me in the case, there were multiple chances to patch. I was pleaded by certain members.


Say, Hey man, just get a PO box up here. You come in here, man, you patch. This is me in the clubhouse on recording with the doors locked. And I'm like, I'm very humbled by that. That means so much to me. I said, but why would I subject myself to six months of bullshit? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm now gonna be sleeping. I'm gonna go around with my fanny pack with the Go kit, which usually includes condoms, tampons, cigarettes, lighters, knives, drugs, bullets, drugs, Everything. They don't want to carry You calling me at three in the morning to haze me, to tell me to change the oil on your bike or go wash your bike. And then I stand on this side of the bar serving you guys all weekend, not being able to drink. And then when I do drink, I gotta pay for it when I'm sitting here drinking for free right now.


And they were like, wait. I said, listen, I'm not trying to piss you off. This is what we did. I came up with a legend. The team agreed. I'm a site survey specialist, parlaying off of my landscaping background. I travel the country for investors looking at property to buy. That's my legit reason for being there. Then I start seeing their criminal activity and then I let them see me doing some criminal activity. And they believed that I was a high ranking member of an international theft ring based outta Macallan, Texas. And I moved stolen goods to Mexico to the cartel to trade for whatever, even if it's just money. But everything I was doing was factually based. They could have looked it up. I was working with Texas Department of Public Safety.


I was working with border patrol. I knew how much dirty law enforcement officers were being paid five to 15 grand to let a car go through. Everything I did was factual. And then they were making money off of me. So we were getting everything we needed for the case Really quick. How are you doing? 'cause this is one of my questions later, but we're here. You clearly have to do illegal shit to earn their confidence. How is that sorted? I can't say a lot because of trade craft. They're still undercovers out there trying to do this. Yeah. Okay. There are ways that I can partake in criminal activity. Well, let's just use what we did. They started reporting vehicles stolen. So you're gonna get your insurance money now. You gotta get rid of the vehicle. Yeah. You sell it to me at a stolen price and you believe that I'm taking 'em south to Mexico and they believe that I'm doing criminal activity with it.


Right. Because you are making shit disappear. But Then it becomes, I got your trust. Now you've carjacked a vehicle. Now you're just stealing F three fifties off of a lot. So then they call me and they go, Hey Tex, which is what they called me. Not very original. I'm from Texas. And they're like, I got a redneck accent. Tex. Hey, we got this hot car man, we gotta get rid of it. We just jacked this dude at gunpoint. We almost killed him. Alright, I got it man. Right. I'll get rid of it. That's how it all started playing. What Was the results of that case? The Taunton chapter was pretty much disbanded and 12 to 15 went to jail. How long were you in that one? Two Years. That was my longest, longest one. Now this is a weird question, but I feel like there must be an answer. I'm A weird guy. You did biker gangs, you did a sheriff's department, you did a bunch of white nationalist stuff.


K, k, K. And this one's gotta be the most fun. Yeah. Right. You got thought about it for a second. I, Well, I hope it wasn't the white nationalist. Well Gonna Get to that. Why would you hook that? I hope that one God had to sit through is maddening. When I'm reading about these ddus, you gotta listen to talk about their conspiracy. I mean, that sounds maddening. At least the outlaws I'm into this. And I would be more afraid to have on my back having messed with the outlaws than I would be these weird cell white national things. 'cause I was, you have tears. You have 60-year-old, 7-year-old this is gonna live on. Yeah. Is that a little more scary? The way I usually answer questions kind of around that same realm as this.


Look in law enforcement, it's what you do. Let's go back to the county or the city you work in. How many arrests have you made in a year? They're already outta jail. Are you not running into 'em at the grocery store? Yeah. Are you not running at 'em? At Target? So for me personally, my best defense has always been a good offense. If I see you and I'm like, Hey, holy count man, how are you doing? Yeah, you're out. I've seen you in forever, man. You on the up and up. How's the family? Are things going good? Do You ever feel guilty? Yeah. You had to have become friends in that two years with some folks. There Are a lot of people out there who know. And I cover it well in the book that Scott Town, it is the closest relationship I've built with a possible target on any case I've ever done.


Scott is tied as the most famous FBI agent of all time with. Yeah. With the Donny Brasco undercover. Okay. Well you're not gonna say that. You're not gonna take the Compli, we'll say, but Joe Stone is the very famous. He was Donny Brasco. And I think that movie did an incredible job of the heartbreak of having gained someone's trust who may love you and you love them. I play a clip from that movie when I'm teaching just undercover stuff. Yeah. And it iss the one where he's in the car and he's saying, if you're a rat and he takes the pistol, he goes, I'm the biggest mutt in the history of mafia. Yeah. I play that because that's when I get into the point of saying, what is undercover? What do you think it is? And I've asked some people, I mean, I'll ask you, when you hear undercover, what does it mean to you?


Gaining trust. Yeah. Some trickery With the ultimate goal of holding them accountable for something That's very good. Usually I'll get like lying or you're playing a character. You're acting. I'm building relationships that I'm gonna betray. Yeah. Yeah. And you know that going and that's so hard. That's, and you need to be able to figure out how you can rationalize that in your mind And it not have an adverse impact on your psyche. And it's not always easy. And I'm human. I've done the training, I've been through the training, I've put on the training. I've got mentors, peers, people that I've been blessed to mentor, but I've made plenty of mistakes. You think you can compartmentalize and you can for periods, and then all of a sudden the door's open.


You're sitting somewhere and the compartment comes open. I mean, this is what, like juggling being an addict is like literally Saturday didn't happen. We're erasing that from the books. And three months later, all of a sudden you're immersed in that Saturday. Yeah. And this book, again, you gotta dive deep. All the interviews I've been doing, it's emotionally exhausting. I'm sure At I bet there's a lot of stuff you'd prefer not to think about again. Well, It's not so much that because I am a talker. Well, I think the Lord put me here to feel silence with noise. That's what, when he's quiet, Noise, Quiet. I'm like, Shut anything. Why it so quiet? Oh my God. One time Dax and I were at the airport and he was talking so much, and then he finally stopped and he said, what else can I talk about?


I was like, oh my God, we can't go five minutes. No. Well, I'll pass the baton to you, but somebody better be talking. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's tough. Well all down then there's something interesting there. 'cause one, there's just, you are who you are. You kind of come out a certain way for sure. But then also there's your childhood. And so mine was, if I can control the temperature in this room, I can predict where it's going. I'll feel safer if I have a role in what the temperature in this room is. Yeah, That makes a lot of sense. And so that had pretty bad depression. That's Actually what brought me to psychology. That makes sense. But I gotta imagine as a young kid whose parents are getting divorced and both are struggling, your dad's really struggling.


If you can set the tone in that room, that's preferred. I've never heard it put that way. That is a great way to say it. And I'm probably gonna permanently borrow it this point forward. But yeah, that's kind of what you're doing. Now I wanna be clear, because some people are haters might be like, well, if you look every case you've arrested everybody, you set everything up. That's not what I mean by controlling the room. If you're committing criminal acts and you're predicated, I'm not coming up to you, not knowing you and going, Hey, I know you're broke. I'll give you 40 grand if you carry this kilo across the street, that's entrapment. Yeah. Right. You Can't do that. Yes. But when I tell you, they go, where are you from? And I go, Macallan, Texas, right on the border. No shit. How much can you get a kilo of cocaine for? That's the next sentence outta your head.


And I go, well, As a matter of Fact, now that you ask. Yeah. But yeah, I think some element of it is looking for safety in all the many ways that means, well, think Of it this way. And I permanently borrowed this term from a buddy of mine, Terry Rain Horn. Phenomenal undercover. He's retired as well too. Help certify me, actually. But he says, look, we're playing chess. People think, oh, I'm just out there gifted gabbing and I'm drinking. I'm flying first go. I'm doing whatever. No man, it's a chess game. We are trying to stay four moves ahead. You are reading the room And it still doesn't work all the time. That's how I ended up in a basement at gunpoint. Please tell Monica that. I'm scared. I was too. I guess what, that's A universal fear Being in a basement with a gun.


Wow. Wait. Yeah. How'd that happen? As I say, a lot of times when I'm teaching it, I go, I would much rather have heard that story about somebody else and go, man, that sucks. And be sitting there naked going, this sucks. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


There We are supported by quince. You know, when you look back at photos of yourself in your all black punk stage in high school or wearing head to toe, nineties neon. And you wonder, what was I thinking? Sometimes trends just don't stay the test of time. If you want an outfit that you're gonna feel great about both now and later, check out the wardrobe staples from Quince. They're classic and elevated, so you're gonna love the way you look now and years from now. And they're made with high quality materials. So they'll hold up for years to come to. I love Quince. I love their cashmere so much. Yeah. If you wanna revamp your wardrobe, which I suggest per season. Yeah. Add some pieces in that are fun kind of just for the season. There's some really good summer pieces, some great button downs that you can also wear by the pool. They have European linen beet shorts right now. Organic silk polos. Stick to staples that last with elevated essentials from Quince. Go to quince.com/stacks for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank. USA member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


We're supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your flights on time first before heading to the airport. Like you know to check your presentation is saved first before closing your laptop. That's one mistake I'll never make again. Woo. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You are in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fir and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by Skims. Yes. Let's talk about skims. I have been raving about their ultimate Bra collection. They sent me some new items, which was very nice to them. I pretty much live in this bra. It's so comfortable. But it's also cute. You never know in your bra is gonna need to be showing. Yeah, You gotta be prepared. You do. For the best case scenario. And actually I really do believe this, that you kind of have to work from the outside in confidence wise. Sure. And so when you get dressed in the morning, you want to put on a cute pair of you will feel cute. Underwear and bra. And the ultimate Bra is the move. It is Skims does it. Again, check it out for yourself. Shop Skims, ultimate Bra Collection and more@skims.com. After you place your order, be sure to to let them know we sent you select podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


So I told you a little bit of the backstory with the Outlaws. They've carjacked stuff. We've now covered dope deals. The case team's up on wiretaps, which is not like TV by the way. You don't go, I need to be on this phone in five minutes. No, we're talking like 80 page affidavits. Weeks and weeks if not months of prep. Anyway, all that stuff was happening. So now we're at a point in the case a year and a half in, and these are my friends. Scott Town's a great friend. Brian Vega. Clothesline is a good friend. Yeah. You're Going to kids' birthday parties, I imagine. Yeah. Joe Doggs is the president of the Taunton chapter at that time. And he's a friend and everything after that kind of trickles down. But we are now to the point they've been hounding me about dope. We've laid out breadcrumbs. They have now seen my truck drivers come on multiple occasions to pick up stolen equipment, take it somewhere.


They think we're taking it to Mexico. We're actually taking it to a warehouse somewhere. And we decide as a case team, United States Attorney's office, all of us. Okay. Now's the time they've been asking about it. We've got the predication, this, that, and the other. So let's lay out my story was that yes I did used to be involved in a dope game because they know I have cartel contacts and they know that the reason I never got cut out as a gringo, the white guy is because I'm the one with the contacts at the port of entry and the checkpoints. So without me, you can't get your stuff through. That was my story. So I laid breadcrumbs and let 'em know that yes I did used to be in the dope game, but some of my people were getting popped. Heat was getting close. I pulled shocks. Then we laid it out that my contacts reached out to me because they wanted to take dope into Canada.


But their contacts up there had fell through. And essentially we're going to do a drug exchange from one truck to another truck. We did have 40 kilos of real cocaine. We had a thousand pounds of real weed. And this is 2007 40 Kilos. Oh my God. Yeah. Now, can you imagine, do you think there's a SWAT team overseeing this? Do you think there's snipers on the roof? Yes. 'cause we cannot let 40 kilos walk. Yeah. Yeah. We cannot get ripped if the bad guys decide to go even more bad and say 40 kilos, let's take it. Well, how are they getting it? The government sees this cocaine, what's already even seized. So they have warehouses. They have these fucking burns down in Texas. Yeah.


That the government owns. It's heartbreak. Imagine watching them shoveling Cartier watches into a bomb. That's how dare it. To each their own. Look at this contraband being burned. True. We'll save one sample. We're gonna do the deal. And the US attorney's office, of course we wanna gather as much evidence as we can of who's gonna be helping and get the recordings and all that stuff. So I go to the clubhouse and the night before the deal, a weird exchange happens at the beginning between me and Joe Dogs because he's the one that told me to come. And then I get there and they're still having church. And for the listeners that don't know, especially in your one percenter clubs, there's usually a mandatory meeting once a week and they refer to that as church. It's kind of a cute rebrand.


Yeah, it is cute. It's still going on. And I'm like, well, why'd you even tell me to come so I go get something to eat, come back, and then I go in. Well, what I don't know is that because we have upped the ante to do this big deal, it made it all the way to the top, to the national president who was Milwaukee Jack at that point of the outlaws. And he sends it back down. Wait a minute, why is this deal happen? Who is this guy? Has he really been checked? I find out again later on that clothesline and others were like, yeah, I mean we've done like eight jobs with this guy. Carjacking stolen vehicle here, moving this here. None of us are in bracelets. Meaning handcuffs. Yeah. We think he's good. Doesn't matter. Do what you do.


So I didn't know that. And I show up to the clubhouse, wired to the hill. 'cause I'm trying to get evidence. Yeah. That's what we do. Oh, So you have a little camera somewhere on you Somewhere. I've got video and audio. And then I have a backup audio and then I'll have a transmitter. Oh no. Hey, so stressful. Thank you. Now, now I'm out. Yeah. I like hanging out and maybe doing drugs. Yeah. Well here's the thing. So we're talking again 2007 ish. Just think of how much technology's changed between that and then Exactly. Oh Sure. I mean, look how small. I mean, just think now everyone's carrying a phone. That thing can just be recorded. You could Probably do it with eye contact. There's insane stuff out There. Fucking glasses. I don't wanna give anyone any ideas. Think They should, but I'm just saying what people think. Generally, we can do more than we can anyway because of tv. But technology is way better now.


Yeah. So let's just say I had technology of 2007, right? Yeah. Oh no. So I go into the clubhouse and I'm cracking jokes. But what I don't see is when I'm cracking jokes. If I'm leaning this way and I'm looking down the bar and I'm doing my normal stick and I'm cracking country ass jokes and my accent and everybody's like, ha ha ha. We're all laughing high fiving. When I would turn my head, they would go complete stone face Because They know what they're doing. Their whole meeting was about bringing me in and checking. Right. I didn't pick up on it. And there was a false alarm. They took me down into the basement, but I'll just get to the part. They carried me down. Close line, who's supposed to be my second closest friend says, yo Tex, you got a minute? And I said, yeah. He walks me through this door that I'd never been in, even though I've been in that clubhouse.


I don't know how many times it's the only door I hadn't been through. And it leads into a very tight stairwell down into a, if I call it a basement that's being generous. Yeah. Because I couldn't stand up straight. Oh, it's more Of a crawl Space. Yeah. And I could touch the wall probably on both sides. I see rope. I see that they have both brandished their pistols. One outlaw follows me and he stands on the steps with his pistol. And he's watching and close line proceeds to tell me there's a lot of shit going on. And it's my job to take care of my brothers because I want you to write down your full name, date of birth, social security, everything. And I need you to take all your clothes off. I need to check you for a wire. Mm. I hate this. Oh Yeah, me too. And There's no one in a van across the street. We'll get to that.


Okay. But really quick also, you have to be playing the game in your head where you're like, okay, so I'm not wired. I am the guy. What's my reaction? I would love to say yes to that answer, but I was shitting Go back. Yeah. I got, I was having an adrenaline dunk. It's the fight or flight or freaks. Yeah. Midbrain is in charge. And then you are hopefully doing what you've trained or rehearsed in your head. And that's what I did. If I had not seen me do these things on the video, I would've never known I did em. But just like I can show you cops and military first responders in shootouts, they have no idea how many rounds they shot. They have no idea that they did a magazine exchange behind effective cover. They just do it because they've trained it so much and it's instinctive. So in the undercover world, okay, now I'm down there.


I'm trying to write my name down. If you've ever been through a traumatic incident, whether it's a car, wrecker, whatever, everything just slows down. And your auditory exclusion, everything's going whoosh. I wish what I'm hearing is like, Scott, I need you. I've even had sight get minimal. So that happens. You're getting the tunnel vision. Yeah. And everything's time dilation. It's in clicks. It's like in frames. Yes. Right. You go click, click, click. You can hear and fill your heart beating through your entire body. Palms are sweaty. I'm starting an Eminem song here. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm trying to talk and I'm trying to write my name and I forgot my middle name. I've been this dude forever. I know. Oh my. I know. I'm Scott Callaway. Oh yeah.


But because of the stress, I don't even know. And I was blessed enough to put this training on to some Navy Seals and one of the seals caught it. And he said, man, if you look, your hand's not even shaking the entire time. You're trying to remember your name. And I'm like, well my insides were shaking. Yeah, yeah. Right. And I yell back, I'm like, and what else do you need? I don't even know how do it. And he is like, what? I go my name and what else? It didn't sound that clear though, because I'm crapping myself it sounds like. What else do you need? My name? What else? I'm not even enunciating. He yells up and I hear, what do you need for that website? So I'm like, oh, okay. They're gonna Google search me. There was a who's ara.com, there was things like that. And I go, okay, I'm cool with that. Then I remember my initials were SAC. 'cause that was the head of an FBI office. And I thought that was funny 'cause I know I'd never be one.


Oh. So I made my initials essay a little humor for myself. Sure. But I remember Scott, Andrew Calloway. So I write that down. I take all my upper clothing off. I probably was layered 'cause it was cold. I take my boots off, I pull my underwear and jeans down to my ankle. So from my ankle up, I'm naked. And it was cold. Sure. And you were scared. Oh my goodness. Wasn't your best showing is my guess. I'm not attracted to you. I feel like I'm possibly getting ready to die. In the terms of a Seinfeld episode. That was a whole different level of shrinkage. Oh my God. We're dealing with a woman. I Thought he was an FB. It's a woman I know. I don't care what I look like right now. I just wanna get outta here.


You know? So I take all my clothes off and he checks everything I'm trying to talk. I know clothes line for a year and a half at this point, even though my words aren't saying it, my face is saying, tell me I'm okay. And his face back to me is kinda like, look, it's just business. However, he doesn't know that I'm an FBI. He's an undercover who's wired to the hill. He's probably like, don't be that worried. We're gonna get through this. And these are his words. Exactly. I think they even quoted in the press release after the take down. He said, trust me, if somebody accused me of being a Fed, I'd probably smash 'em in the F-ing mouth. And I said, I'm not happy. And he said I wouldn't be either. And I tell him, you guys asked for this. I did not come to you. You came to me. If nobody wants to do shit, nobody has to do shit.


Those are my exact words. Yeah. Not as clear as that. 'cause I'm crapping my pants and All the gear in your clothes somehow. Some Yes. Some no trade craft. I won't say wear Or how, yeah, you can't say, but you aren't exposed currently. They're not seen. They're not seen. Yeah. Correct. I think I'm done. And then I'm pulling my pants back up. I'm putting my boots back on, and then he grabs a particular piece of clothing and when he grabs it, I'm like, oh. When he grabs it, he goes, Hey, I'm not gonna find anything here. I don't want to. Right. Like some naked pictures of my old lady. And he goes, ha ha. And my laugh is like, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And I even say, I hope not. Now I'm sitting here up against the wall, my head tilted and I'm watching him take this piece of clothing and go through it.


We call this kneading. He's needing it with his hands and he's feeling it. I'll just say this, technology wise, in 2007, had he grabbed that part of that clothing, he would've felt something. And he gets close and he even looks directly at a camera and misses it. When he is doing that, I have no idea I'd do it. But you can hear clear on the recording me watching him and I go, Oh yeah. It's a verbal side. Yeah. Because my insides are saying It's over. Shit. It's over. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. He misses it. He hands it back to me and I go right into business. But it's just nervous chatter, joking. Even though I'm a jokester anyway, it's definitely a self-defense mechanism. I feel like I can't breathe. PTS D's kicking in and people ask all the time, Hey man, what would you have said?


If he had found it and I remember it like it was yesterday, my first response probably would've been something funny. If he would've said, what is this? I might've said, I don't know, some naked pictures of your old lady to try to buy me some time or to laugh it off. The only other response I had is, the gig is up. I'm an undercover FBI agent and I can walk outta here and we can see each other in court, or all hell's gonna break loose. And here's the kicker. That would've been a bluff on my part because up until that point, to my knowledge, my cover team, for whatever reason, thick walls, bad equipment, they could never hear me in that clubhouse. What? But you didn't know that. Yeah, I did. You would just have to be betting on the notion that they're gonna assume they're watching. Yeah.


Currently watching. And if you don't come out now they've got a fed murder. You always Try to plan contingencies, contingency plan A, B, C, D, four or five moves ahead. But he didn't find it. He hands it back to me. And that night, my adrenaline dump just turns into anger. I ended up going out with Joe Dogg in Scott Town, and luckily they didn't take it personally or anything, but I took it personally and I shouldn't have. 'cause I'm just undercover, but Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I was pissed. Yeah. Now that adrenaline's coming down, I'm like, you know what? Tomorrow if y'all do show up, I'm stripping you naked in the parking lot. How's that come prepared. It's gonna be chilly. That's Good. 'cause that's what you would've done if you weren't undercover. Well, It's also hard to know. You're just modeling these scenarios. I'm mirroring What's annoying about some of these docs you watch where the cops come and they're like, he wasn't acting like someone whose wife just died.


It's like, how the fuck? Do you know how someone acts when their wife like, that's bullshit. Yeah. That's what you saw on tv. That's what you thought of in your head. Nobody knows what anybody does until it's happening. Yeah. That's the same thing I would've done at Scott Payne. Who do you think you are taking me into a damn basement? Even though they were right, I wasn't on the cover. Right. Yeah. You didn't have the moral hydro ground. But That's what we all do. We justify things to ourselves. Even if we know we're wrong, we can find a way. There's some crazy things about that story. There's great training principles to everything that was going on. Because what I found out when I hand off my equipment that night is that they did hear everything. The main case team was a FBI agent named Tim. He was a good buddy of mine. We actually went through the academy together as new agents and we were really close friends Through that whole process.


He helped me find my apartment in New York City. So Tim's now the case agent, two task force officers, Sergeant Higginbotham with the Massachusetts State Troopers and Detective Joe Cummings out of Brockton pd. That was the main case team. We had a DEA counterpart, Nancy Morelli. But that was pretty much it. You might get some bodies here and there, but everybody trickles off. It's just that's the core team. That night starting the shift, it was Higg and Joe and that first interaction that happened between me and Joe dogs at the door. They were like, something's not right. Ah. And they pulled in a place to where they could hear me and they were listening to everything. Oh, they radioed back to everybody else that was starting the shift in Boston and said they got Scott in the basement. They're stripping him and he's wired to, what I was told is everybody's hauling tail with blue lights and sirens down the highway to get to me.


Ah. They listened to me. Even though they could clearly hear, I was scared. 'cause they knew my baseline. They were waiting for something to break bad. They knew the insides of that clubhouse 'cause they'd been there on law enforcement activity. They knew how fortified the door was. It was deadbolted. I think it was a steel frame. They definitely had welded metal hooks and a steel bar across the door. So it's heavily fortified. Their plan was they suited up, vested up, got their gear, and they were gonna drive the van into the cinder block wall beside the door to breach around the door versus the door. But they listened to me and I'll make it out. The other thing that I forget personal, 'cause I'm very transparent and I always say my life's an open book. And literally it now is an open book.


Yeah. At that point in my marriage, our youngest daughter was around one. So three and one years old. I got two daughters and I bought my wife a burner phone, which is common these days, but back then they didn't call 'em burner phones. But I'm basically buying a phone that I pay by the minute comes back to nothing because I don't wanna call her phone from an undercover phone. You don't wanna call an FBI phone from an undercover phone. That's terrible operational security. So I bought her that on that outlaws case. I would call her every night. I don't care if it was four in the morning, seven in the morning, I'd be like, Hey babe, I'm half lit. I'm driving home one hotel. Just wanted you to know I'm good. I'll call you after I wake up. Sometimes we talk. Usually it was, okay, honey, love you. Love you too. That night when I called her, the first thing she said was, is, are you okay?


And I said, yes. Why barely. Yeah. And she said, at such and such time, I was in Macallan driving with the girls in the car. She said, I got this overwhelming feeling and I pulled over on the side of the road and I started praying for you. So I matched it up. It's when I was in the basement getting spirit. Wow. The Spidey senses were traveling across the universe. Holy Spirit in my world. I was in Boston, look on a map. Boston to Macallan. That was a long way away from each other. She Felt it. I believe that. Yeah. Yeah. It was insane. That's just one of the many things that happened on that case. Was that the gnarliest? If you had to give one a number one man, there's Been several. I did joke with her after this book and doing these interviews and stuff, I go, I feel like I need to have a couple more life threatening experiences.


I'm running out stories. And she's like, no. And I'm like, alright, fine. Well that was fucking incredible. People are gonna have to buy the book to hear about the K, k, K. The one I do want to talk about though. So you wrote this book with Michelle Shepherd? Yes. And she's got a incredible podcast. I really urge people to listen to it. It's great. Season two is you? Yeah. The original one was six episodes. White Hot Hate that covered the group, the base. That's before we ever met. She didn't know me, but I heard it because people were sending it to me And she kept hearing him and all this court testimony, but just not knowing who this name was. So When I retire and then I get the chance to be interviewed by Roland Stone. Ashley Mack and her crew back in Canada were like, oh my gosh, this is him. This is the guy we've been listening to.


And she thought she was gonna do one episode of season two with Scott. That's what She was shooting for another and fell In love as people do with you. We Got six episodes called White Hot Hate Agent Pale Horse. But I will say it plays like a documentary. It's so well produced. Oh yeah. Cbc. That's Canadian. Yep. Canada Broadcasting, communicate. I don't know what the last name. They do a damn damn good job. It's a really good podcast. They actually interview hie, this task force officer who was sitting outside and observe me and he said, Hey man, what can I say? I said, you tell 'em the truth. I know my experience, but I want to hear yours. Yeah. And it was surreal to hear him. He's basically the guy that just heard there's inbound nukes. Do I hit deploy nukes? Yeah. That's really what's happened. Yeah. Do I blow up this two years?


What a fucking decision I have to make. Yes. Because many times he has to be as your friend, fuck this case and fuck these guys we're going in right now. I don't give a fuck. Yep. But It could have also backfired. 'cause if they heard sirens, they could've just killed. You Could have a lot of people ask, what do you think would've happened? I'm like, I don't know. If you ask 'em now, they'd be like, oh, nothing. We found out that's a normal mo from them. We found out from other people who were victims, females, they brought down into that same Oh, crawlspace and held a knife to their throat and threatened to kill 'em. People Have been killed in that crawl space for sure. Probably. I don't know. Who Knows? Don't sue me. Outlaws. I didn't see plastic on the floor. I did look for that. Anyway, I'm sorry to get off on a tangent back on the Outlaws, But explain the base. Sure. And this is big teaching stuff now.


'cause even in law enforcement, when people hear white supremacy, they might know Aryan Nation, they might know KKK for sure 'cause it's been around for so long. But that's not this. They're neo-Nazis. So they want Hitler's Germany back. They want the white race on top. The rundown goes like this, the Garden of Eden. The story in the beginning of the Bible, Adam and Eve, you got one tree. You can't eat the fruit from the fruit of Forbidden Tree Eve is tempted by the serpent. AKA Satan. She takes a bite of the fruit. She gets Adam to take a bite of the fruit and we're sinners from then on. Christian identity takes it and says same story. But the fruit of the forbidden tree is a sexual act. And the serpent is actually a man of color, AKA Satan.


And they have that sexual act and she gets pregnant with Kain. Once Kain is born, they consider that the mud race, non-white mud race all the way down. But Adam and Eve did procreate and that's Abel and that's the pure white race. I mean twisted. This is what he's gotta sit. When I talk about him sitting around having to listen to these guys, tell him how the world works, how fucking maddening that would be for me. Throw Me another drink. God. I play Around a whole lot of scary outlaw biker experiences. How old is that theory? 'cause it sounds like they stole it from Harry Potter. No, it's older. As far as I know. The real push came with Reverend Butler and he was the leader of the Aryan Nation. And that was back when the red ray faring and all those days they wore their uniform.


It was Church of Jesus Christ Christian. But they take in twisted much like a lot of your newer age Accelerationist, which I'll talk about here in just a second. They're taking paganism and they're switching it. I've got plenty of close friends that are pagans. They have the Pagan belief. I mean, you see I got Viking stuff all over my arm. They're Real Norse shit. Yeah. And so was Hitler. Right. But they take that and twist it. They're not doing the traditional Pagan block. They're doing horrific white supremacy stuff. Yeah. But it has changed. When I was a kid and I was in the punk scene, there were skinhead Nazis. Yep. They all look the same. But it's not that now. It's these fucking schlubby. Nerdy. Could Be. It's evolved. There was a whole movement called and it's still out there. It's called Entry is. And that's where you see clean cut white guys, no tattoos, suits and ties, but they're acting like they're trying to infiltrate government.


It is like proud boy E type stuff. Mm. No proud boys. Just like to beat people up. Proud Boys is not white supremacy. Proud boys are anti-government pro-gun and they like to fight. I've done a lot of militia cases. I didn't put in the book because I didn't know if they were still going. I didn't wanna jeopardize anything, nor were the FBI have approved it. Anyway. So Accelerationism goes like this. They do not believe that there is a political solution to save the white race. They believe that society is gonna collapse on its own or from manmade events. And they wanna speed that up through like gorilla warfare tactics. Like poison a water system, derail a train. Oh my God. Take out a power grid. Start killing anti-fascist belief. People start killing lefties and definitely killing Jewish people and ridden the world of non-whites.


Good luck to finding that. But yes, Continue. Yeah, I know, right? Yeah. By the way, who the fuck a lot of these white supremacy groups? I was in real thing. There was no 23. And me being, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because I wouldn't pass. Pass that big. What was the dude's name? Big siege. And his name's Yusef something as turns out Yusef. Barna. Yeah. Okay. I mean that's curious. He didn't tell everybody his name was Yusef. Okay. Oh my God. But Accelerationist, they don't like any government. It's almost like dark white supremacy meets militia anti-government because we're out there training with machine guns. Well, submachine guns not fully automatic. And pistols doing firearms and tactics training hand-to-hand combat how to live off the land to prepare for what they were calling the boogaloo. Not exactly the same boogaloo that's in the militia movement.


But close Boogaloo is basically D-Day. It's the start of the race war. And they are building kits to do that. A lot of 'em didn't have jobs. I have read some responses. It is like my kid had a job. Yeah. He worked al and off for you and he hated it. He told me for seven months he hated it. He didn't have an arsenal. He only had one gun. That's bs. He had plenty of guns. I was with him when he sold them on arms list to other people and bought other guns. But let's not just talk about the guns. Let's talk about plate carriers. What are plate carriers? So it's your bulletproof vest. Oh, oh, oh. But the plate carry, the plate stops rifle rounds. So they're ordering cry precision plate carriers. It's the same thing. The FBI swats wearing. Oh my God. And I'm like, that's some expensive shit.


Literally. I could have taken my FBI rig that. I'm going out to make an arrest on and just take the FBI stuff off. And I would've walked in there And it'd been the same stuff. A lot of 'em were wearing the gun belts, everything. So they're preparing for D-Day. And there's not a lot of forethought or afterthought as you kind of commented on. So we take over a region of the Appalachian Mountains while another section of the base has taken over a region of the upper peninsula of Michigan, while another region of the base is taken over Pacific Northwest property. And we're gonna create our own ethnostate. Because clearly if we make it all white, everything gonna run smoothly. Obviously, when you're sitting around talking to these guys, you ever go like, so who's gonna do all the work? All this work that none of the white people do who's Doing all work? I'll tell you what I did.


My sense of humor I've gotta have. So I'm like, so we're neo-Nazis? Hell yeah, man. Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah. So we want Hitler's Germany. Yeah man. It's basically socialism. 'cause we're getting everything for free. I didn't word it that way, but what I do is at the end of it, I go, so who's gonna be Hitler? And the faces go blank. And I'm like, hadn't thought that far. Who's it gonna be? Yeah. It can only be one just to mess with 'em. Sure, sure. Because there with belief systems, I've listened to 'em go on for hours about concave earth. Hitler's still alive and hollow earth with, it's not a garth's. There's something else. I just start tuning it out. How do you learn the lingo? Well, sometimes I'll let 'em teach me. Let that ego roll. Like say you're questioning me and you're pressuring me. Well, where do you live? What are you doing in Texas with a New Jersey driver's license?


What do you, and I'm like, man, what are you doing writing a book? I don't know you. I just met you. Right. Look, I mean, you seem like you're a nice gal, but I'm not ready to invite you for T and Crum just yet. But then I just turn it, what's that bar on your collar mean? Oh, that means I'm a lieutenant. I thought you said you'd only been here for like a year. Yeah. You made lieutenant in a year. How that dude's talking for the next two hours? Yeah. Well let me tell you about how it's done when I come in and just let him, oh my. I'm a talker and I know that. So in order for me to be better at my job as an undercover, I've gotta shut the F up or else I'm talking over you giving us evidence. The base was huge on recruiting. A lot of these accelerations groups are huge on recruiting. And they do it by flyering or stickering or postering. It's like we go down the street and on the way back, one spraying the glue.


You're slapping it on there and it'll be like, join the base. Save your race. Save your race. Join the base. It'll have a picture of a swastika and like a SS and then a helmet and maybe like a skull face. And then there'll be a QR code. You scan that QR code, it takes you straight to a bit shoot site. And it's a recruitment video of us. And I'm in a lot of them. Wow. Like us doing the trainings in Georgia, or it might be training up in Bad Axe Michigan. And it's a gun shooting and music playing and running to recruit Like the Al-Qaeda videos. Yes. And here's what's funny. The base in Arabic is Al-Qaeda. Wow. When I was being interviewed to join the group, they laid out their ideology and that's when I learned the whole accelerationist view.


Huge on, they call it siege culture. There's a book out there called Siege. Don't go Buy it. Which has been outlawed. Yeah. Don't go try to buy it. James Mason wrote the book. It's a lot of interviews and articles just shoved together. But this dude idolized Charles Manson. He's interviewed him several times. Yeah. Because Manson ultimately thought there would be a race war as well. And he was trying to accelerate that. Yep. And that's where you start seeing the ideology of acceleration as Don't do Charlottesville. Don't go out there and stand on the corner with picket signs screaming. Number one, you're making yourself a mark. Number two, you're not doing anything. Let's go behind the scenes. Let's start mowing this down. Let's start killing people. Let's do this to cause the collapse of society and chaos. Terrorist principles. Let's get an oversized reaction to something we do. Kill a hundred scare thousands.


Yeah, yeah. Kill thousands. Scare millions. Yeah. But if you looked at Al-Qaeda, it was three to five man cells. I've got a country accent. CLL cells. They wanted three to five man cells all over the world ready for that phone call. So as I'm being coached by the leader and creator of the base, he says, we want three to five man sales all over the world waiting. And I mean, we had members from Norway, South Africa, Australia, the uk, Canada. You just keep going. These Heroes. These heroes are the ones in New Zealand of the saints. All these assholes. 27 at Walmart, nine at a mosque. The Massacre. It's an active shooter, but it's an active shooter with the ideology of setting off the race war.


It's the Saint Leaderboard. Usually in the tactical world. We never say their names. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Good. Yeah, I That's good because we don't wanna give him credit. The Christ Church shooter, he's not at the top. The one that did the Norway shooting is at the top. It's like 77 and oh, and then you get Christ Church. It's this and oh. And then you get down to the Tree of life. It's so sick. Oh, it's the Tree of Life massacre. And Pittsburgh. Then you get Charleston. Did You see that? These are all related. It gets quite scary. Very, if you're viewing them as individual acts of crazy people. You're kind of like, how do we account for crazy people around the world? But when you see organiz, no, these are all related. It's organized. This is a syndicate. And then it says at the bottom, what are you gonna do to make the board Stop it? Yeah.


Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Michigan. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, I'm such a proud Michigander. I love Michigan. The people, the nature in summertime, in Michigan, I'm telling you, I would put it up against any place in the world. It's such a beautiful state and it's a great place for everyone, especially kids, to experience all four seasons with beaches, trails, and snow. A stones throw away. What you may not know is Michigan is also a great place to work. You can have a quality lifestyle and a rewarding tech career. The fast growing and rapidly evolving. Automotive and clean energy industries offer opportunities for career advancement. No matter what your skill level. Plus Michigan offers accessible housing, exciting nightlife, and an inclusive community for all. It's really a one of a kind place. And do not forget the Lakes. Lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes, lakes. Live your best nine to five and five to nine. You can in Michigan. Go to the Michigan life.org to learn more.


We are supported by better help. You know, there's still a bit of surrounding stigma for men's health. I think it can, I think so too. Still be challenging for men to admit they're struggling and seek help. I have a friend who just started therapy, a male friend, and he loves it so much. And, but yes, I think it's taken a little extra long because they're right. There is a stigma, but there really shouldn't be. Yeah. Men today face immense pressure to perform, to provide and keep it all together. So it's no wonder that 6 million men in the US suffer from depression every year. And it's often undiagnosed. If you're a man and you're feeling the weight of the world, talk to someone, a friend, a loved one, a therapist. I'm a man I've benefited greatly from therapy. And Better Help is a great option if you're looking to start therapy. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Arm Cherries get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash dax. That's better help. HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform designed to help you stand out and succeed online. Whether you're just starting out or scaling your business, Squarespace gives you everything you need to claim your domain, showcase your offerings with a professional website, grow your brand, and get paid all in one place. Squarespace has been along for the ride with us, as we've you know, first just had a website, then started selling merch. And it's grown with us And it has helped us scale. If you're a fellow creator, Squarespace makes it easy to monetize your content easily sell access to online courses, blogs, videos and memberships. Start with a fully customizable website and earn recurring revenue by gating your content behind a paywall. Simply set the price and choose whether to charge a one-time fee or a subscription for access. This is why we love Squarespace. Setting up that kind of tech sounds hard, but they take all the guesswork out of it. You can get your site up and running quicker than you would've thought possible. Head to squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax. To get started today.


While I was infiltrating these groups, I've watched an active shooter event happen and the kid only got one shot off and then his gun jammed. And the ridicule that you read on Telegram and these dark channels, discord four chan, eight Chan, 12 chan, you name it, wire Thema, whatever else is out there. Now they are blasting them. What an idiot. He didn't know how to handle his weapon. He could have killed so many more people. Now see in America though, you can blast that. Yeah, I know. That's the first amendment. Protective speech. You can say, I hate any racial slur you want. You can say, I hope any racial slur dies. That's not against the law. That's where our work, my peers, mentor people I've mentored first responders on that front line have to stay vigilant.


So let's just say you make it into one of those groups and you're looking at thousands and thousands of the most vile posts you can think of. You're trying to figure out who's serious or not. Yeah. Who's gonna pull the trigger? How On, how do you do that? Do you delineate? You just gotta stay vigilant. You hope that people out there at cliche, but, but if you see something, say something. You know what this reminded me of a little bit in a weird way is domestic abusers, they beat their wife twice. You know, statistically, okay, well eight times more likely, this guy's gonna kill her. When you're in law enforcement and you're just watching the pattern and you're trying to figure out, okay, he's on the road. When are we allowed to intervene? We have to wait till she gets killed. Yeah, I know. It's a lot of times people that'll wanna argue against law enforcement, it'll be like, oh, why are you pulling me over?


Why aren't you working murders? Well, there's an old theory called the Broken Window Theory. And as we start small, if you're a disorderly walking down the street drunk and I lock you up for disorderly, maybe I stopped you from getting behind the wheel of a car and killing somebody in the DUI. Right. Maybe I stopped you from going home and murdering your wife. Yeah. Or having that 15th domestic meeting Meeting. This is in Malcolm g Gladwell's book. This is cracking down on jumping turns stills on the subway. This is cleaning up graffiti. You take away the opportunity 'cause you never know what's gonna happen and All that stuff. And look, I'm in the middle of all this, but when your environment is sending you signals that no one's looking, people act differently. Another friend, an acquaintance of mine, he's actually a great instructor, speaker, former law enforcement in London, uk.


We were having this conversation, it's like, man, why is there more of this stuff happening? We can dive down rabbit holes and stuff in conspiracy theories, but I've been around guns my whole life. It's not that. And then Jerry Radcliffe, he says Scott, with his cool accent, he says, we have to take away the opportunity. And I go, whoa. I do remember even going back to working a side job as a cop at a fun park where they got putt putt and go carts and video games. If you saw kids congregating on the side in the shady area, not spending money, you go bust them up. They're coming up with something nefarious to do. Otherwise they wouldn't be over there In the shadow. You know? And you just go over there and go, Hey, how's it going? What are you doing? Yeah. Hey man, you guys should get rather get just busted Up.


You're being observed. Yeah. Okay. So you do get embedded in that group. And this Canadian who gets outed in Canada goes on the run. He gets outed. Common term is doxed, D-O-X-X-E-D, which basically means outed. And this is the huge battle between far left and far right. I infiltrated the far right. So I say we, not that I don't have the belief system, but I'm in there with 'em. Yeah. When we're doing these videos, we're double checking. Hey pal horse, you can see your tattoo. Oh man, my bad. I pull the sleeve down or I go cut black socks just so I can cover up that. 'cause the sleeve's too short. Hey, your ponytail's hanging out. Hide that. Because they're so afraid of getting doxed and being out. Ah. What the far left is really good at is once you are doxed, they will show up at your house.


They will protest at your work. Well, Antifa started showing up. Yeah, they're good with that. And they get funding for it. I'm not gonna dive down that rabbit hole on this one either, but they don't have money. But they're being paid by somebody. 'cause they're getting arrested in five different states for the same damn thing. And they don't live in any of 'em. Hate begets hate. It goes back and forth. Yeah. Ive, I never is resolved. Right. So I'm in the group, I'm gaining their trust and I'm learning more. And we, as the FBI are learning more. Do you have to Fake your skillset? This is what I was thinking I did. Because he's a marksman. He can't show up in the training thing. I'm imagining you would be shining a light on yourself if you were as good as you are at Well, And we don't wanna lead anything. Right? Yes. Am I in the KKK And I'll bring a black person to the rally.


Right? Yeah. Right. Look at what I found. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Did I just start that and lead it? That'd be very bad. But with them, I was just a country guy. Former biker, former skinhead. And yeah, I've shot, but I would throw, I would let them tell me, God Receiving instruction from these dumb dumb. Well, It was good instruction though. Oh, Okay. A 19-year-old kid led, I mean, it wasn't the best. But I walked away from that first meet and training. I was like, this is not good. Yeah. Yeah. Where did you get the training? Because you didn't go in the military. You're only 19. Internet gaming. God Video Games, they're realistic. No, they're, they're realistic. Well, scary. Hop on there and cut your microphone though. It's an 11-year-old kid telling you to clear the hard corner. Yeah, yeah. And handing your butt to you. And then his dad took him to a range and he practiced and practiced and got quicker and quicker.


And he was probably on the internet looking at a lot of stuff. But I was happy to see some safety. 'cause I was really concerned with that. When we first started shooting. I stood at the back. Well, this fucking scenario with the goat. Yeah. You could have been killed there. So This is what happens. I'd done a couple of blocks. The first pagan blot I did was actually pretty legit because the guy that led it, even though he was a member of the base, was also an A guy. And it was more legit. And I got to ask a lot of questions about it because I'm learning, just like when they're teaching me tactics, I'll go, what'd you call this again? Slicing the pot. Oh, okay. So when I'm slicing the pot, now I'm using the verbiage you gave me, right? Yeah. Yeah. We do a couple of those. And on those blocks, I mean they would take wood and carve ruins and swastikas and other hate symbols and you cut yourself and bleed on it and set that on fire.


And we pray to our gods until the fire goes out. It's so weird. It feels like it's such a hodgepodge of things. It's very Viking. It Reeks of searching for masculinity and validation for Masculinity. Oh yeah. You're a hundred percent from my experience, you're spot on. They haven't earned it through a job and a career. They haven't earned it through a marriage and protecting their children. They're Outcasts. They have been bullied. They can't get a partner. This Is the only way in their mind at least that they're gonna achieve that Masculinity. You found a group that'll accept you. So we do those blots and we're doing training and I'm hearing all the crazy ideology other than the Canadian who ran once he got doxed, he absconded illegally in the United States. We were looking for him hard. There's a case agent Rashid out of Baltimore and a US attorney, Thomas Wendell.


Man, they were phenomenal. The stuff they did, tracking phones and finding stuff, they were able to figure out that they knew he was in the country. I was helping them. And then Seattle had the main case and they were working the poop out of it too. But they were divisions all over the United States working this stuff. Because if there's a member living in your area, when the LA's gotta open the case on it, now we get to the point to where we find the Canadian. He is actually down at the farm. I pull up there for a weekend training or something. I'm counting the cars. I know whose cars are what. And I'm counting the heads under the owning of the barn. And I'm like, there's a extra person there. And I go walking up And it bushy red hair and beard by this point. But as soon as he starts talking, I'm like, that's a Canadian accent.


And then he introduces himself, I didn't miss a beat. I hugged him and said, welcome to the United States brother. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then we start training and now you're getting into more crazy ideology. Like when the book of Lou happens, and I'm talking about crying while you're saying it, I'm gonna have to shoot my dad in the back of the head and I'll do it. Because they're saying, if you why? Because in their belief system, Stupid Mike, Obviously when the boogaloo happens and D-Day starts, if you are not fascist, that automatically makes you anti-fashion. Oh my God. And the penalty is death, Even if you're white. Oh yeah. You just keep raising the purity test. The fundamentalists are on a trajectory to outdo one another's fundamentalist.


There is no your home safe. You are white, you're this. They keep moving the goalposts. Yeah. All these movements. So I will say this is a whole nother thing, but just to tie it into current time, whether you love Trump, hate Trump, whatever. This kid that just killed, I think it was his dad and stepmom or mom and stepdad, he just killed them. And he was on his way to apparently do a assassination attempt. Well, the first reports to start coming out showed that he's grieving the ideology. I'll just telling you about. And it mentions oh nine a oh nine A is order of nine angles. That is a, lemme say it this way, from what I found, working it, infiltrating it, working it as a case agent, developing sources who are in and all around it.


If you scratch the surface long enough at an accelerationist group, somewhere in there, you're gonna find an oh nine a member. Or there's some other groups that are very similar. It is a extremely, extremely dark satanic white supremacy group. Still same thing. Believe in a collapse of the society, but they are huge on rape, sexual abuse and pedophilia. It was as dark as you Can get. The sentence of their big on rape and pedophilia is like, yeah. Yeah. Case happened very fast paced. Eight months. You were there? Seven I think. Okay. But it was 24 7. And as I said, it kept growing and growing. The more people that we identified, it got to one point where once a month we would get all case teams on the phone call.


There's over a hundred people on the call. So we do this Halloween hate camp. In 2019. I show up and a guy named Eisen is gonna be leading the block. Younger kid clearly didn't know his paganism stuff very well. And again, they're twisting it. So I led hand to hand combat training that day. And this wicked cold front came in the first one of the years. So you have not been acclimated. You're freezing your tail off. I go to charge my phone, I fall asleep 'cause the heat's on, you know, I'm like toast. I'm defrosting, right? Yeah. Yeah. And then I wake up to pounding on my window. Pale horse. Pale horse, man, you gotta get up. Wait, do you see this? Where do you see it? I'm like, what is it? They go, do you hear us talking about the goat? I'm like, and they're like, we got it. So I get out and they have gone not that far down the damn road to a place that only had like three goats, jumped the fence, steal the goat, almost get caught.


It could be a ram Ram goat. It's very close. It had horns. I walk out there and one of the members who went by the name Dema, is holding the goat in the back of one of the other members, can't go back's truck. And it's pooping everywhere. And Dema says, he goes, man, this thing's shitting all over the place. And I said, well hell, I would be too. Yeah, exactly. A bunch of knee neander throw lec, our camo and balaclavas with machine guns just jumped in my backyard and jerked me out. It's not a surprise birthday party right now. I'm watching Eisen work this goat. And he's praying to it. He's talking to it, he's showing it love. And I walk up and I say, is it bad that I feel sorry for the goat? And he said, don't let the goat hear you say that. And I'm like, okay. And he said, this goat needs to know it's loved.


It's being sacrificed to Odin. It's going to Valhalla. This is a good thing for the goat. We are showing it love and we're sacrificing it to Valhalla. And I remember thinking, I don't think that's what the goats think. Yeah. Might not know about Bahaa. So Yeah, I don't know if he's heard of It. I go over to my listening device. When you're out, you should have a cover team. So if I'm out four days straight on a farm, they're gonna be pulling shifts and rotating because you gotta have a quick response to Yeah. Which, how quick can you respond to me on a hundred acre farm if the crap's gonna hit the fan avenge my desk is basically what it's, yeah. Unless I'm still hanging on when you get there or everybody's dead and I'm standing there when you get there. Yeah. I go to my listening device, I'm running through my head as a senior investigator.


As a senior FBI agent as an undercover coordinator. Knowing all the policies and all the red tape. I'm running through my head. I'm going, do I need approval for this? Did we do this? I lean in and I go, listen, if you guys can hear me. I said, I'm pretty sure we're getting ready to go down here and sacrifice this goat at this ritual. I know they stole the goat, but is it a misdemeanor? If any of you do not want me to do this and you want me to stop it or pull chalks, I need to know. Send me a sign. And I sat there and I waited and I got nothing, no phone calls. And I said, okay, Bahala, it is, I guess we're gonna vaha, we go deep into the woods to the holy site where we've done stuff before.


And that's when they go to sacrifice the goat. Eisen does a speech about, we're starting the wild hunt. So in Norse mythology, the wild hunt essentially is Odin and a bunch of other gods go out in the middle of the night and just slay all their enemies. But in the twisted ideology of the white supremacy Accelerationist, it was gonna be the start of the wild hunt, which basically meant cleansing the planet of anti-fashion non-white Jews. So Eisen goes to kill, we are in a circle around the goat. Everybody's kinda on their knees. I'm not sure how I ended up at the back of the goat, but that's where I was at. And he has a machete type thing. He does his speech. We're starting this, this is the wild hunt. This is going to Valhalla. He even named the goat Gar, GAR, short for Garfield, which was his middle name, and also the first name of his grandfather.


Oh. So we've got a connection to this goat. Now he goes to kill it. And for whatever reason, I don't know if the blade was dull. I don't know if it's back. Strapp was thick. Let's just add, it's his first time ever trying to do this. Yeah. But he brought it with force. He come down, wham. And I'm holding it. And it was just a thud. And all you hear is the go go, nah. You know? And I'm like, oh damn. And I'm like, this is gonna get bad so fast. And somebody said, do it again. And somebody's like, the next two thig, somebody says, anybody got a gun? Well, we weren't supposed to bring any weapons, but the one guy who was least qualified to be handling a firearm had it hands it to Eisen. So Eisen chambers around, points to the goat's head and then turns away. Oh my God.


And we're all still in the circle. Yeah. So that's when the instructor comes out. You hear it clear on the court. And I'm like, whoa. Whoa man. Hey, what are you doing? I said, look at what you're shooting at, man. We're in a circle. So he comes up to it. Boom. Even on the recording, you can hear the goat hit the ground. Oh no. It kicks for several minutes. I tell I and I say, I want you to put another bullet in it. I think it might still be alive. Nah, I'm pretty sure it's dead. I said, for the love of the goat. Yeah. We're trying to make this a peaceful thing for For gar. For Gar. Yeah. For Gar. For Gar. God. Let's put this thing up to Valhalla peacefully. Oh, so they put another one in it. And then somebody even says, Oh yeah, now it's definitely dead. So you think you're done? No, now they slice the throat of the goat. They fill up a cup with this blood stop.


We're all in a circle. And Eisen brought acid. Of course I did not partake in the acid. Maybe a couple others didn't partake to help with the shaman, which is to kinda get you in the spirit world or get high. Let's call it like a, I'm going to like young guns. I'm in the spirit world, man. But as we're going around, I'm holding the flashlight for Eisen, Eisen, tearing off a tab, putting it in the mouth of the base member. And then they're chasing the with the blood of the goat. Ah. So we keep doing that all the way around. And it gets to me. And now it's my turn. And by this time I look down at the cup and it's all coagulated. It's clotty. Oh My gosh. Yeah. So gnarly.


This Is Horrific. Yeah. And I'm looking at it and I'm going, man, I really don't wanna turn this shit up. You'd be shocked at some of the things I would do instead of drink that. Yeah, Right. I'm thinking the same thing. I would have to take the acid. Yeah, I know. But I looked and I said, I think pestilence gave me an out. 'cause I'm like, I'm looking And it, it's just chunky. Oh. And I just don't want it bouncing off my lips or whatever. Oh, this is Horrible. So I stick my finger deep into the blood, pull it out, suck all the blood off my finger. And then they commenced a cutting the whole head of the goat off. And we carried it around for the next four days. There's all kinds of photo ops, there's videos, it made it all over. It was on B, B, C, news, everything. Us holding the goat's head, giving the sig how holding the base flag.


Of course the next day was completely shocked because they were still high on acid. But we went back to training. And that Saturday night we did more filming. We went back to the holy site and set a bonfire. We're burning Holy Bibles, we're burning American flags while everybody's screaming. F your Jewish God, death to America. You see, you gotta understand if you hate the far right, I'm not saying extreme right, like watch, I'm just saying politically just like, oh well this white supremacist. These people don't like anybody. That was my thought when I watched, and I'm not conflating this group with these people, but when I was watching the Capital Six riots, yeah. I'm looking at this crowd. You'd be tempted to think there's some kind of monolith ideology there.


There's not read that sign that's in contradiction to that sign. There's so much hodgepodge shit. Their ideology's not the thing that actually is uniting them or making them similar. Correct. Were there people there with some nefarious plans? For sure. For sure. But I just think the thread was, I've been excluded from this system, so I hate this system. So to put a pin on this, this did end with 11 arrests. Yeah. After that weekend, I gained more trust and they started including me on what we found out were numerous murder plots. The Canadian went back up to the Baltimore, Delaware area and was with a cell up there. I was good friends with both of those sales. The sale up there thought that the Second Amendment gun rights rally, that was gonna be in January of 2020, they thought that might be the kickoff to the Boogaloo.


Maybe fire some shots. Militia. People think it's somebody else. Cops think it's somebody else. And that could be the kickoff. And if you could see some of the stuff they were spewing, the conversations they were having. Like let's go break out the Charleston shooter. Let's go break out the saints. Let's start shooting cops. I got a thermal scope. Cop stops the car at night. We pop 'em. What do you get automatically? You get another gun and bullets, you get a bulletproof vest, you might get a radio. It is just crazy stuff. Wow. So we uncovered all that. The timeline was crunching and we were able to successfully take down everything. That was incredible. You gave us so much time. I had a couple just really rapid fire questions. Just your kind of opinion about some stuff.


So have the numbers increased or decreased over the last five decades? And if so, how do you explain the growth or the shrinkage? It seems like it's growing. Is it the internet? Is it the political climate? Is it unemployment? Is it directionless young dudes? What would we attribute this to? And has it increased? It ebbs and flows. And sometimes it is political. So like when Obama was in for eight years, your malicious started growing again because they were worried about their gun rights. And then when Trump came in, it kind of died down because they weren't worried about it. And then it kind of ebbs and flows. The white supremacy thing, the quickest way for me to answer it on an extremist level is what I've been talking about is far right.


Extremism, white supremacy. There's some malicious stuff in there too. Anti-government, because I infiltrated it. But I've got mentors, peers and people I've mentored that are working the other side. And radical jihadist or black separatists or far left. There's a lot of people being radicalized online. Yeah. And especially with AI these days. So go back to what I said from what I saw, this isn't the be all end all. Every situation's different, a case by case basis. But I saw a lot up, somebody who's an outcast has a hard time belonging, can't get a partner, probably been bullied and they wanna belong. And then they dive on these phones at night and they go down these rabbit holes of hate. I don't know if gabs still in or not, but you could go to Gab and go to a group that's called 14 words, that is white supremacy.


They're referring to the 14 word coined by David Lane synonymous through white supremacy. Or you could hop on whites only. I wonder what you're gonna find there. And they will take some real stories and they will do propaganda videos to suck you in. And then you start meeting like-minded people. And I'm telling you, the stuff that they blast is vi. And I know people that are working the other side and it's the same thing. So it goes kind of back to me to see something, say something. I understand parents having blinders on 'cause that's their kid and they don't wanna believe it. But you think it's a phase when your kid barely has a job or hardly ever has one Father of one of these base guys. I was getting so frustrated listening to him talk. He's like, you know, he went through a lot of phases and she asked, what was it?


You know it was some Nazi stuff. It's denial. That guy came down and drank with us. And the apple doesn't fall far. The tree he's dropping, dropping in words and this that and the other. And I get it. He loves his son. He loves his daughter. That's cool. But your son has the skull of Gar, which has now been cleaned with swastikas and other white supremacy stuff and runes on it. And on one side of the skull is Mayan comp Hitler's book. And on the other side of the thing is Siege by James Mason. That's not a phase when you've got grown men showing up all the time and training on your a hundred acres wearing flexor camouflage because that's the German pattern. Drinking Jager mustard because that's German and you hear what they're saying. It's tough. But go ahead. That was a long answer.


No, No, No. That was important. That's good. When you say say something, can you be specific? Report it to The police. Yeah. That's what your joint terrorism task forces are out there for. That's what your local cops are there for on joint terrorism task force. 'cause that's what I ended my career on. I was a criminal guy for the majority of my career, but that's where that call comes in and a lead is typed up. Some of 'em are crazy. Lady says she was kidnapped by and they replaced her eyes with alligator eyes. And you're like, what? Yeah, I gotta go find this person now and interview. Right? Right. How do you do that interview? Hey Dax, can you look at me? But you can do that. And then they'll get a lead and maybe just going out there and knocking on the door saying, Hey, a lot of crazy stuff going on in the world right now. But somebody's reported that you're putting some radical stuff out there.


I just wanna make sure you're not really planning on hurting anybody. Maybe that scares 'em enough. Talk to Maybe, or maybe it gives me an opportunity to have them call me if they see something crazy in the book. I talk about that guy in the case, it was other white supremacists that reported that guy because he was so radical. They're like, Hey man, I'm a white supremacist, but this dude, he is really crazy. This dude wants to shoot up the synagogue. Oh yeah. God, I knew you would probably have felt very close friendships with some of these people and that that would be heartbreaking. Did you feel bad for these guys? Some of Them. I think we grew up in an era too, where I saw kids get destroyed. They came in as just kids showing up to school and they got destroyed. That's heartbreaking to me. It worked out for me And it didn't for some kids.


And I'm not saying I like what their solution to it is, but I also see so much of this is born out of just a horrendous experience on this planet. The Life's tough now I'm 100% believer in I don't have to believe it. I've seen it. Product of your environment kind of thing. Yeah. I bond with a lot of these people and it's not far from what I grew up around or it's exactly what I grew up around. Or it could have been my relative. Imagine looking at some of these guys and going like, Oh yeah, you're a thousand hugs shy of being here. Yeah. Or second chance or a fifth chance or a 20th chance. No one's winning the whole thing. I can give you one though. Want second chances? Oh yeah, let's hear it. Love a success story. It's sad that there hadn't been a lot in my 28 year career.


You always hear people when they're getting arrested or they're getting ready to do their time, they're like, man, I'm never doing this again. I said, remember where you're at. Also, let's be real. What are you plan on doing when you get out? I'm gonna cut hair. My uncle was a barber. It's a great profession, but I want you to understand something. A barber's salary is not gonna allow you to walk into the Dodge dealership, pay cash for a brand new challenger with your own custom made rims on it. So be prepared. Yeah, but do that success stories. They are out there. And I have even in retirement, let the US attorney's office know. I didn't have to, but I'm like, Hey, I've talked to this person. We got put in contact with each other. I helped put this person in jail for their sentencing hearing. I'm gonna do a letter for them, a character letter, but I wanted to let you know so you're not blindsided.


They're like, man, thank you so much. I said, here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna type it. I'm gonna send it to you. You let me know if you have any heartburn with it and we'll discuss. And then I'll do a character reference letter. And they only got probation even through my church, small groups. Some of my best friends were meth dealers. Yeah, yeah. And they had to go do time. But hey man, I'm here for you. As long as you're doing the right thing, I'll do whatever I can to help you. To some degree. You most certainly have developed some acute spidey senses where I'm sure you can kind of tell who's capable of that second chance. Yeah. Yeah. And empathy. Amy, you must have an abundance of it. That's right. And it's an incredible book code name Pal Horse, how I Went Undercover to Expose America's Nazis with Michelle. Also, the podcast is fantastic. This has been radical.


Scott, I appreciate you having me on. Thank you so much. This is incredible. Alright. Be well, brother. Alright. Peace. I sir. Hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out. When my mom misses, Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong. I know this doesn't interest you, but it continues to wow me, and I'm gonna keep telling you. Okay, well first of all, when's the last time you bought a pound of ground beef? It's been a minute, But you can visualize in your head about how big that is. Yeah, yeah. Right. It's small-ish. Well, I would say it's like this big, it's like the size of a small shoe. You don't like that?


You don't like that? I think it's, sure. Well, here's my point. Yeah. I think a pound of ground beef is a significant size. Okay. And I weighed myself last night before bed. Oh boy. Oh my God. Dax. I know I Can't. Yeah, you gotta, because I listened to about astrology in the pit yesterday. So you Love astrology? I don't love Astrology. You have a tattooed on your body. So 2 0 5 0.2 last night. Okay. Many peepees in the night. Okay. Very big deposit this morning. 1 98 0.8. So I lose seven pounds in 12 hours.


10 hours. That's A lot. Picture seven pounds of ground beef. I don't Wanna, that's what you must pitch to be impressed by this. Okay. Yeah. Like Where does it go? Like, well, I know where it goes. It goes in the tur, but no, just picture seven pounds of ground beef on that table. And, and then I go, I'm gonna lose that tonight. Maybe it's more than just the pee and the poop. I mean, I don't, air air's not very heavy. But How much is air? How much is air? Oh, I wanna tell this. I saw a very cool video. I'm Matt. I didn't send it to anyone because you know, the only way, this is how I save videos, really in my mind.


I see a video I like on Instagram. Yeah. And I send it to someone. Yeah, sure. And then a month later I'm like, all right. I, I remember I sent it that 'cause how else would you find it? Well, you can save them, but Yeah. Oh, you can, I don't know how to do that. I'll start doing that. Okay. Okay. It was Richard Feynman and you know, people love, all smart people are obsessed with Richard Feynman. Yeah. Like, consistently, it's every smart person's favorite smart person. Okay. He's a physicist and he worked on the Manhattan Project. He, he could tackle anything. He was just so curious and fun. So I watched this video of him and he said, you know, have you ever sat and looked at a tree and wondered where does the structure come from?


I think it's normal to assume all of that comes out of the ground. Like the building blocks for a tree and this huge tree trunk and all the leaves. It's like coming out of the ground. And he said, in fact, that is not where it comes from. Okay. The tree is built from the air. 'cause the air has carbon dioxide in it. And the tree, with the help of the sun, it breaks that apart. Wait, The tree, The tree and the leaves. I thought the tree didn't exist yet. No, a little sapling comes up From where? A seed. Okay. So you're saying, okay, you're saying there's a seed.


There's a seed, then there's a sapling. Okay. Then everything that grows above that a hundred foot redwood Got it. That's not coming from the ground. Okay. I see what you're saying. I thought you meant like, I thought you were getting very heady and like where do things come from? Well, it is a little heady, but, And it, but it's not metaphysical. So the air is full of carbon dioxide. The tree, with the help of the sun, it breaks apart the carbon dioxide into carbon and oxygen releases oxygen. We breathe the oxygen. It uses that carbon to construct the wood, the tree. Mm. So the whole structure of it is just taken out of the air by the tree, By car.


So it's all carbon. It's all carbon. Trees are all carbon. Yeah. As, yeah, as are we, we're like carbon life forms. But I mean, how do they, how does the wood itself, like how does it create the texture of wood? Well, that's how it assembles the carbon that it pulls out of the air. It assembles it into that shape. Who told It to do that? You're not, you gotta, let me get to the punchline of it. Sorry. So that right there is mind blowing. I think. I've always looked at trees and thought all that wood came out of the ground somehow. And he said, sure, there's some minerals and stuff that are coming out of the ground. And then the other thing that's coming out the ground is the water trees are made up a lot of water. Yes. He said, but the water doesn't come from the ground either.


The water comes from the air. Sure. Well that's true. So the structure of the tree and the water all comes from the air. Yeah. He said, and then when you cut this tree down and you cut it into logs and you put it in the fire and you add fire to it, what it starts doing is rejoining the oxygen in the carbon. And that's the flames you're seeing. And you can think about the flames you're seeing are really just the flames from the sun that have transferred into the flames of this fire. It's all the same energy. It's pretty rad, isn't it? It's in it's, it is really interesting. Yeah. And I'm like, I'm so impressed. Someone figured out why the tree, you just, you might just go, yeah, they're there.


I'm not gonna overthink it. That's what most people do. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what everyone does. Yeah. Except for fineman. That's magic. It just comes out of the air, like all that structure. But Like the root system, the water's in the air, but it's also in the, it like comes down To the, well, starts in the air, it's created in the air, It comes down to the ground and Then, And it comes down to the ground. Yeah. I mean, brute knows all about this. Gr is the living proof of this process. Yeah. Yeah. I saw him recently. You saw him after you found out about the big Yeah. And I gave him a squeeze. Did you? He was wearing pajamas. Yeah. He has so many cute pajama outfits. I So he has, he has, he he has a, a safari outfit.


Yeah. He's got every kinda look. Yeah. Like what most people think about their American girl doll. Like when you buy it, you do, you like buy all the beds and the things. And the a coutre ma, that's what gr has. I like hers though. 'cause it's more scrappy. There's no like, yeah. They don't make these clothes for him. So she, she's like aggregating all these from different sources. Yeah, me too. Me too. Yeah. Really cool. And we, when we were in Hawaii, we went into a store and I told 'em they could each get one thing. And I meant candy. Like they could have one candy item. And then Delta decided to trade her candy option for, she found a tiny outfit that was supposed to go on some other creature. And then she's like, I think those will fit perfectly on Groot.


So we love with an outfit instead of candy. I had been saying I'm, I, I'm jealous of my own kids. Like I wish I had their childhood, but I think I want to be ultimately Delta's child. I think if she has a child, that child is gonna be fretted over. Yeah. I hope not too much. Oh, we don't wanna spoil him. Spare the rod, spoil the child. Yeah. Or Munchausen's fine line. Really fine line. But I've already established she doesn't want attention for it. Like moon would've been, she would've come up to me and said, do you know Gru is disabled? Right. You're right.


She's known. He is disabled forever. And I just stumbled upon that. She is gonna be such a good mom. She's very loving and Attentive and thoughtful. Yeah. She's making me a scarf right now. Yeah, she is. And she wanted to know how long you wanted it. It's so good. It's so well constructed. She's knitting it from scratch. And I, I was looking at it and I thought that this little baby, I used to hold her little, she's making Things Tiny hands made this, I can't make this. Me neither. She can. That little baby made that. Yeah. It's so they start doing things you can't do.


And it's really something. It's so overwhelming. I don't know. I'm in a bit of a crisis state. I mentioned it on the last fact check. And then some pediatrician said, yes, you gotta stop talking about your kids. Now I, I'm not gonna take that to too much credit. Like, just 'cause you're a pediatrician that you have no actual Okay. Okay. Don't get it. You're not a psychologist. Sure. But what's what's seared into my brain is that I know Howard at one point stopped and his daughters ended up being very upset at him. I think with that he would talk about them. Yeah. Secret. And so now I tell my kids what I say. Yeah. So it's not like there's any secret secrecy going on secret. That's kind of how I've been telling myself. But all to say, yes, I probably need to stop.


Okay. And then I was like, what do I, I don't have anything else in life to talk about virtually. I think our best conversations Yeah. Are are Debates Conversation. Yeah. They're not just the st I mean, stories are fun. I love a story. Yeah. You have a lot of good ones. Yeah. I seen One. But they're there to spark a conversation. Yeah. Between us, I just, you know, there's my free time is what I'm gonna draw on. Yeah. Anything that's gonna happen to me. Like I, I went to ma I didn't go to Monster Jam by myself. You know, I took my kids. Yeah. And you didn't take group and lose them. She did. That's Right. And so I was just sitting in bed I think last night going like, I don't think I have A life, A life.


If they're not a part of the conversation that I have almost nothing to talk about. And I guess it's pretty standard for parents. Yeah. I'm sure I had this the other day when I was watching you so much. You by the way, I got to the measles section that was referred to in the Laura Ingram class. Congratulations. Yes. And I had spent the day watching TV and working. And then the next day I, I realized I hadn't spoken to anyone the day before. Oh, you went a whole day without talking. Yes. Ah. And it was really, did it Feel good or bad? It felt, the realization felt bad. I don't know why.


Yeah. The experience didn't feel bad. I didn't even notice. Also because I have so much chatter in my head, I never really Feel alone. Yeah. Yeah. I never feel alone. Do you think that's normal? Yeah. I mean, I am almost never not thinking of something. Yeah. Unless I'm meditating. And in truth only for Half a second, Six minutes of the 20, You can do six minutes in a row. Yeah. I can have six minute chunks where it's like, I have no thoughts. I can't do that many. It's so hard. It's Like 30 seconds max for me. Yeah. I meditated in the evening.


You're supposed to meditate for my meditation. Tm you're supposed to do morning and then evening before dinner while your stomach's still empty. And I don't do the nighttime one. But I did do it a couple times recently. And I did realize I almost wonder if I'm prioritizing the wrong one. Because in the evening I'm not, my brain isn't nearly as, as rambunctious. It's like when I wake up, I just have a flurry of like, this is what you gotta do and this is what happened yesterday, blah blah. Yeah. Evaluate my whole life. Yeah. This morning, in the evening, I'm kind of like, yeah, whatever we did we're alive. We did it. Yeah. And then I, I can get, and an evening meditation I can get sometimes like 15 of the 20 minutes are just blissful.


No thoughts. Interesting. But then, but you don't need it as bad. I should do it though. 'cause I, what I want is that 15 minutes of bliss. It, it is really Got it Euphoric. Yeah. When I get it. Nice. Okay, great. Yeah. Well, and then I wonder, is it just helping? Like the fact that I do it every morning and is it, you know, is my overall Calm, Live ness diminished a little bit. I think you are mellowing out, Losing my vitality, losing Your will to Live. That's kind of happening. So Chris and I went for two days to this conference up north and I danced.


Sure. I love to dance. You love it. But I'm a little outta shape dancing as it turns out. So I was jumping a lot in my dancing. It was Snoop Dogg. Okay. Snoop, DO double G. And so I was dancing, I was jumping, I was jumping. It was fun. Probably danced for like an hour. Went back to the hotel room and I was walking barefoot in the bathroom in my gnarly comb over toes. They were like, Uhuh, well you can't do, you can't jump anymore for a half hour. Okay. My foot was like, oh no, we can't do this. It was, it was gnarled up. And you made, did it make you sad? No. Yeah. I was just like, are we at the end of, you know, these things are gonna start popping up.


Can't dance like I used to dance. I have been having a lot of thoughts about life and age. We had a 30-year-old guest on yesterday. Like that do anything to you? No. Hmm. I don't imagine her, I don't think of her As 30. As 30. And I don't think of me as 37. There we go. That helps. So you're both 35. I feel like we're both like 34 ish, you know, in that zone. She might be, she might be like 32 and I'm 34. Okay. Sometimes I'll get, I mean, I guess it's like the meditation.


Sometimes I'll just get minutes brief, brief minutes of I think what our, this sounds braggy enlightenment. Okay. Like I can, I can hit it for a second where I really, You feel content in that peace. But I understand, I really deeply understand that nothing matters. Yeah. In the rest of life. I can tell, you know, I can tell myself and I can understand it intellectually and I can try to live a life that reflects that. But there are times where I am like, embody. I feel it.


Yeah. That really the purpose is, is to love. I wish I could choose to have that more, but it's also overwhelming. It's a really over after. It's an overwhelming feeling to, to really understand that we're all, none of this matters. None of anything we're doing. Yeah. And I don't mean like, obviously helping people is great and and feeding Yourself is imperative. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, it's hard to explain. Obviously. That's why Well, when I, I kind of like tried to get really specific about what's going on in my meditation when it works.


And when I realized is, and this is not novel or proprietary, everyone knows this. But the racket is either thinking about the past or thinking about the future. Yes. Exactly. And really the, the absence of thoughts is just being in the moment you're in. Yep. Because there's really nothing to think about in the moment you're in. That's what's crazy is like, you're constantly preparing for what's coming or you're processing what already happened. But in the second to second moment, you don't really need to do shit. Yeah. There's nothing to do or to be afraid of. 'cause there's no, nothing's attacking you. Like Yes. It's just being, I know this is fundamental, but I know it was just very clear to me.


It's like, oh really? The goal isn't even not thinking. It's just, if I'm not in the future and I'm not in the past, I won't be thinking It. It's like how you, how we don't know if you're seeing the same colors I'm seeing. Yeah. I wanna know if other people have this like con constant, there's no time at all that I'm awake that there isn't a conversation happening or a monologue happening. And I, I assume that's everyone. I just assume that's how humans are. Yeah. But I read a statistic about this That people don't, I won't know the right number, but I wanna say it was something like low, but like 20% of people don't have that.


I wanna try it. Like, I wish there was a way to try it for a day. GLP one. I'm sure it'll fix that too. I am very curious about the GLP ones. Yeah. Because of so many people we've had on that are saying it could be good for this, it could be different. The doctors. Yeah. Yeah. But that, no, it's obvious. It works for weight loss. Yeah. In, it's helping so many people That's proven at this point. But these other things like dementia, addiction, potentially addiction potential. Yeah. There's all these potential benefits reducing of inflammation. And I like kind of wanna try it, but I don't wanna not eat food.


I don't have an opinion whether you should or shouldn't. All I'll just add is it's dose dependent. Right. But even pe I know people like You can be on a little or a lot, you could have zero compulsion to eat food or you could have some, it's variable. Well I know, but I know people who are on like basically the tiniest dose. Yeah. And they, their eating habits are completely different. And I don't, I have a lot of issues, but I don't have food chatter. Right, right. As one. Yeah. So my worry a little bit is like, I just won't, I just won't eat.


Sure. And then also you, I would say more than others needs to consider the muscle loss aspect of it. Yeah. Yeah. But I have been doing my farmer's shoes. Farmer carries on the way to get my wine. Well, don't make it Like that. You should be proud of Me. I'm, I'm very proud of you also, it's my job to tease you. I Know. And I haven't been doing them this week Because if I can't talk about my daughters and I can't tease you, I really, we need to wrap it up. We're Fucked. Actually, maybe we should comment on this episode because Dax will read the comments if you want us to debate about something specific.


Oh, okay. It's Kind fun, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you can look and see if there's anything worth us having a debate about. Yeah. Okay. I do have a sort of update ish. Okay. So the person I was speaking about who went To Saturday Night Live, who went to Saturday Night Live, you're In love with Yes. Apparently a lot of people are in love with this person. Yeah. And I didn't know that. You didn't, You didn't. You knew I assumed, I mean, he was cast for a reason. Yes. I think he's broadly appealing. Well, yeah. But like, you Feel a little bummed that other people, You know what I feel also appreciate, you know, feel so old.


It's so old for me. Yeah. But it's like, oh, well then that's gone. Like if other people, but I, I, I would argue you already knew that and that's why he's there. Why? No, why? Yeah. Why you don't think I Was. I think it's a continuation of the, the, the quarterback, In my opinion, this person is not, that He's not the archetype of a quarterback. The the quarterbacks now aren't the quarterbacks. They're Timothy Shalam. Shaima. There's, so you say there's a bunch of people that are at the peak of the pinup world and they're not that anymore. And this guy is in that group.


Hmm. He's a very sought of, that person doesn't cast her love interest willy-nilly. I think I actually kind of zoned in on this person because I didn't think that, I was like, I think I found like a gem. Oh. And people aren't gonna aren't gonna overlook him. Yeah. Because he doesn't look like Brad Pitt. Right. But I, I find him so attractive. Brad Pitt turns out, I guess everyone does. But no, I di I didn't do that. I don't think you consciously did that. What? No one's even been talking about him until recently.


Yeah. I think he's a very, very high value target. Well, just 'cause he's a famous person. No. For all the reasons he was in that movie being sexy and being appealing and Well Obviously I'm gonna be attracted to someone who's appealing and sexy. Yes. But it's not an accident that he was chosen to play that I'm right about this. That he has not been on people's radar until recently. Okay. And now he's kind of blowing up. Right. And now people are like, oh, I love him. I was like, I've always loved him. Yeah. For at least For A long time.


No. Like a really long time. And now he has all these options available. And then I guess in your head he's always had all these options available. He has. And that, and that's not me saying you shouldn't like the person 'cause there's too much competition. That's not what I'm saying. That's How I feel. That's not what I'm saying. But the illusion that you were the only one that liked him I is, is is bonkers. That part I think is bonkers. Should you pursue him? Are you capable of landing him? Yes. That's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying he was always a high value target. Okay. But you are saying I picked him because I knew I couldn't have him. Which your body Then this is getting complicated.


Yeah. You're telling me you can't have him because now everyone likes him. Yeah. And you are saying, so that's Your reality Why I picked him. Right. That's your reality. Your reality is now I can't have him. 'cause everyone thinks he's hot. That's the one you just introduced me. So that's the reality you believe in. Right. And I am arguing your subconscious always knew that Because I know the feeling in my body when two things happen. One person told me like, yeah, I think he's the person everyone can get on board with. And I was like, oh, I was really surprised to hear that. And then like soon after that, another person was like, oh my god.


Yeah. The ladies love him. Yeah. And I was like, what? And I, the feeling in my body during both of those conversations was of heartbreak and of disbelief and of despair. I think you intuitively know that any male, that's the lead in a sexual movie, you know the reality of that, you know that that's a movie star that's been picked for that. But, But, but it's more co It's he's he is becoming one. He wasn't at that time, no one was talking about them. They were talking about another person in the movie.


That's Yeah. That's, that's great. You don't think, you just across the board could say anyone that's a lead of a movie, making out with a hot person probably has an appeal everyone agreed on. Yes. Obviously. And I'm not saying that Right. I know. And so you do know that. Yes. Yeah. So your subconscious knows that this is an attractive person. 'cause they wouldn't have put him in the role. Sure. I know he's an attractive person. Yes. But in your conscious mind, you thought you were seeing something no one else saw. I thought I was early in on a person.


Right, Right. Where I was like, oh, oh, this guy is really has something. Yeah. And I guess you're saying the casting director also Thought that, and the filmmaker and the co-star all thought that too. Well, I don't know. We don't know about the co-star. I don't wanna speak for Well, the co-star definitely was in charge of who got cast in that. I don't know what to say. I just, I I you think it was, do You see the point I'm making though? But like, you, you had two things happening at once. One is, you know, the reality of casting someone in a movie like That. Yeah. I know. You're making it about something so specific. Like I, yes. I know that probably only an attractive person gets that role.


Like that person would get that role. But I didn't hear, I, you know, people were like, Ooh, like You thought they missed him. I, I don't. Yes. Yeah. And I guess they didn't. But also I, in my own circles, like I know about people being talked about. Yeah. And I don't hear this person's name come up a lot. Right. Until now. It's really taken off. And I like when I imagined being at SNL Yeah. I didn't think, oh, I, I'd be too scared to talk to him or he's too good for me right now.


I do. And that sucks Because you've acknowledged there would be a lot of competition for this guy in your mind you've accepted. Yeah. Well, no, that he has a lot of options. Yeah. And so, and in your mind then, this is where the baggage comes in. If there's a lot of competition, I can't have it. If he has choices, he's, I'm not gonna be the pick. Right. Yeah. I feel that way. But you must acknowledge this very arbitrary thing happened that changed your mind, which is you are gonna be as appealing to him as you're gonna be to him. Period. That's it. Well, if I'm the only option, You heard other people like him, so you like reverse engineered what now he would, that changed how he would think about you.


Well, what? That's the hiccup in your thinking. No, I wanna talk to you. I wanna be real. Okay. We've had there, we've had this, this has happened in some way before sort of ish. There was somebody on this show Yeah. That showed some interest. Got my phone number. Then there was Radio silence. There was ghosting. Yeah. Yeah. There was ghosting. Yeah. And you said to me, well, yeah, this person is at the point in their career where they're getting a lot of options. What I think is the most important part, which is you said, well, he didn't actually like me.


And I said, well no, it doesn't mean that he didn't actually, he actually liked you. He asked for your phone number and he liked you. And then he got to New York and there was someone else there that he also liked. That was my my that the whole point of that was to stop your train of thought. That he No, he ne I told you he didn't like me. And I was saying that's not proof that he didn't like you. He wouldn't ask for your phone number if he didn't like you. He liked you and he met five other people in the next two weeks that he also liked. Right. So then if that there are options, I'm not getting picked. No. If you're in front of guy at Saturday night live party and he was gonna be attracted to you, he'd be attracted to you.


Now are you gonna go with him everywhere and make sure no one else is, he's not meeting anyone else. Are you gonna lock up in a relationship or you know, look what's gonna happen to confront the reality of this person's life. But just the core thing, does someone like you or not is really independent, I think of whether or not a lot of people like them. Well, more than do they like you? It's, are you an, are you an option for them Or is anybody an option for them? Like for the previous guest we were talking about, I said nobody's an option for him. He's not settling down right now. Right. But I don't think you ghost someone completely who you even wanna like, kind of hang out with.


If you wanna kind of hang out with them, you gotta keep them on the hook, on the hook. Hook a little bit. Well, I guess that's that. Here's where you and I are different. So I meet Kate Hudson. Kate Hudson has every single option. I think she's just broken up with Owen Wilson. I think she dates professional baseball players after me. Right. I go into it going, she has every option in the world. She's gonna have a lot of distractions. She is, the competition is fierce and she'll like me. Right. But she'll like me or she'll want to be with me that these are different things.


Like she'll like me at a dinner, she'll like chitchatting with me or she will want Me. Yeah. She'll want me. Okay. Yeah. Well that's the different than Yeah. That's right. That's the big difference I think between you and i's approach. But that's also different in the past between this previous guest, what you're saying, like, yeah, he liked you, but he didn't wanna be with you. Yeah. I mean, you need access to somebody clearly. What Do you mean You need access? You have to be in front of the person. You're sure that you can make, like you, you have to have access to them. Well, We did. Yeah.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You, I think you, when you find out that the other person that everyone likes them, you then say, well, I can't have them. And I go, yes. Here's the reality of their life. And I can have them, I can go get them. Mm. I just want, I wanna determine who I'm pursuing by how many other people like them. And it sounds like you're saying you, you've made it, that that would be a, a, a factor in whether or not you pursued somebody. Well it feels like I'm setting myself up for failure. Right. Yeah. I think that is your fear. And then where my, where you and I differ in our approach to life is great. I'll fail. I won't have her, I still don't have her.


So there's nothing, I'm risking nothing by trying and failing. Yeah. I, they'll be in the same position I'm already in. Yeah. Like I, whatever, for whatever reason when I do that math that em emboldens me to go like there's nothing at risk. I mean so much of the way we operate is based on our experience. You've been val, you've been validated many times. Yeah. Which obviously makes you feel like, and I've gone after a ton of girls that rejected me And it is just like acting. I want act. I don't care how many times you reject me, I'm gonna keep trying until I can act.


Right. You go into it knowing, oh, I'm gonna fail 99% of the time. Yeah. But I want the thing so bad. Yeah. Always deal with the Rejection. That makes sense. Alright, well let's transition into some facts. Okay, great. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by edible arrangements. There's just something special about getting a delivery isn't there? Getting a gift from Edible Arrangements is a surefire way to put a smile on someone's face. I love when people send us this. It is really fun. I'm really keen on the pineapple when they come With the chocolate. Yeah. I can't get enough of that. Yummy goodness. You probably know Edible Arrangements has delicious fresh fruit bouquets and those are great. But Edible Arrangements has so much more than that. They've got chocolate dipped fruit, new dessert boards with cakes, cookies and brownies. Balloons and even fresh flowers. And free gift wrapping is included. So your gift recipient will feel extra special. So no matter what your occasion hosting thank yous birthday celebrations. Hey. Even a good apology. Edible Arrangements is your one stop shop for gifting. And if you happen to forget a special occasion, no worries. Edible Arrangements has fast and flexible delivery with next day, same day, and even one hour delivery options. Go to edible arrangements.com and use promo code armchair 10 to save $10 on your order. Over $59 offer ends at midnight Eastern Standard time on December 31st. Additional terms and conditions apply. See site for details.


Okay. Some facts for Scott Payne. Number one, he's a stud. He's So cool. What a cool, scary life. It's, it's rare. I hear someone's whole career and I think, yeah, I would also really liked that. That sounds so up my alley. You're acting. Yep. You Are having to meet groups of people and get them to like, you get them to trust you. You have to be good at moving in different kinds of, you know, You say in the episode and I think it's right. Like I don't think your tolerance Oh, for the stupidity. Yeah. There's a, you have to listen to a lot of crazy shit Almost exclusively.


Yeah. These organizations are not the winners club. They're like aa, they're the losers club. No. AA are people trying to be better Say that But we, we call it the Losers club. I know, but I don't think it's that way. Yeah. But to have to listen to these bozo conspiracy theorists who are racist, like the things they believe I know. Oh, It Would be, it's so, that is so disturbing. Yeah. I'd also hate to see someone kill a goat in front of me. Okay, well let's start with that. Okay. The difference between a goat and a ram Is a ram a boy goat. A ram is a male sheep. While a goat is a separate species of animal, also often kept on farms.


They're distinguished by their physical characteristics such as the shape of their horns tail and general body structure. What's a male goat called? It's not called a ram. I think it's like bull and cow. You know how these names, they're gendered names, but they are, they transcend species borders. But a ram is a sheep But a bull moose. A bull cow, A bull elephant. They call a lot of female animals. Cows? No, a male goat is a buck or a billy goat. Oh, a buck. Or a Billy goat buck. Also a male name. Sure. Dear females are called doze or nanny goats and baby goats are called kids.


You know the thing I've known as goats, dude, that sheep don't tend to do. They love getting on tall rocks. Oh, that's, or they stand, I've had friends who have had pet goats and they just stand on top of their like a doghouse that they're, they sleep in. They just are up there. Yeah. They wanna be as high as they can be. Yeah. Maybe to see predators come in. Yeah. It kind of creeps me out. You don't like that? Yeah. I think that's a fun part of them. Okay. They're very agile. Rams are larger than goats. Okay. Some breeds of sheeps and goats can look similar. So tail shape can help differentiate them. Male goats can have stronger, more noticeable odor than male sheep. Both male and female goats have beards. Oh, I'm sorry ladies.


They like It. Yeah. You know Aaron had a sheep at his, well his dad had a farm and he had one of all these animals, which is silly. Like they weren't in the farming business. No. No one's gonna reproduce. Right. But they had a sheep, they had a goose. They had a duck. They had a pig. And I've told you this, and they in a Turkey and they'd all walk in a line all day long. Oh my gosh. So cute. And the goose would be in back going yelling at all of them. Oh wow. But the sheep, they just love to hit things with their head. They just do it over and over again. So what the sheep would do is if you, you set the wheel wheelbarrow up, you know the wheelbarrow has like the long holes that come out that you're holding. Yes. It would just run as fast as it can into the end of that Ew handle and knock over the wheelbarrow.


And then we'd set it back up and he would do it again and again. And he loved it. It is so male like, I'm gonna run into this stick. Well they gotta do it to get some ass. No. Yeah, they do. That's how they get ass. It's Not attractive For sheep. It is The women sheep love it. Yes. That's how they compete for dominance. And then he gets the sheep God animals. They love it. My animals, the sheep are so horny when they see some ramming, some head on head collision. Oh god. I hope Chris doesn't know about it. C-T-E-C-T-E. Oh, they don't get ct. Yes they do. All these sheeps have CTE. It's no wonder they don't.


What does CBC stand for? Canada Broadcasting Corporation. That that means makes zero sense. Sorry. Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Yeah. What do you mean? It's C, B. C. How can the C stand for incorporation? No, corporation. Oh, Corporation. I thought you said incorporation. No, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Oh, Broadcasting Corporation. Because you sound, you said broadcasting corporation. No, I didn't. I said what it was. You didn't hit the G. The ing. Oh my God. Yeah. Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Did that sound at all like incorporation? Okay, sure. I'll give you that. The four large biker gangs, he got it right.


It is the Big four refers to the Hell's Angels, the Outlaws, the Bandidos and the Pagans. He got that right. Good job. He knows his stuff. Okay. He said the owner of Flat Rock got in tr in some trouble. Oh Yeah. Hit and run. Yeah. That sounds Harley Rusty Biddle. Oh my God. They threw in a third great name. He was using a neighborhood road as a cut through to avoid traffic. Oh, I don't want to hear the rest. 'cause I can imagine you got hit in a neighborhood. Okay, we won't keep reading. That reminds me of this. Well choose ignorance. Yeah. Ignorance is bliss. Yeah. But it does remind me of one of my favorite.


I think you should leave sketches, the baby pageant. Oh my God. In the Bad Boy. Bart Harley Jarvis. And they go, fuck you Bart Harley Jarvis. They hate that baby. They hate that. Hating a baby is such a funny idea. And a woman Runs on stage with a knife to kill Bart Harley Jarvis. Oh my God. So funny. I'm gonna see a friendship this weekend. I can't wait At Vista. Yes, Yes. I'm excited. Ding Ding, ding. Yeah. I went and saw Sinner yesterday. Or Sinners You saw it. Sinner or Sinners? Sinners. I think Sinners in IMAX at CityWalk by myself. Wow. Yeah. An adventure.


How was it? It's awesome. It's really awesome. Yeah. I really wanna see It. There's a sequence in there where they're kind of incorporating all these different black music traditions and it's, you're in it, it's a time period movie. Yeah. It's said in like, I want to say 1932 or something. Okay. And I don't wanna give anything away, but it's just like the way it's all blended together and the power of it and recognizing like this through line that exists through all this music and this human experience that all these people have shared. Yeah. Yeah. Just crazy powerful. Like I was a goosebump all over my body.


Oh, I wanna see it. And then I just had this deep curiosity. I wanted to ask the guy, the theater was mostly black folks and there was a dude next to me and I was just, I got kind of curious like, like I'm looking at that a, I can feel it and sense it and I've experienced it in, in so that I've experienced that music and it's made me feel ways. And then I was so curious, like, does this young guy feel a connection to that? Or is he on the outside of it as I am? Because it's like historic and it's from another period. And I'm sure it feels a connection to it.


Yeah. I just was wondering, like I wanted, I wanted to talk to him about that. I wanted to know like, what is the experience? My hunch is you can, that's all in your, it's your history a genome. Yeah. Like I think that's all in their, their body in some way. Yes. I think so. And I was just, I, I was very happy for everyone in the movie theater. I'm really happy that this director has the power that he has and that he could tell this story in this way that was just so undeniably authentic and rich. That's how I felt at the Beyonce concert. Cowboy Carter is a look on America and what it really means to be a country person.


Yeah. And it's really deep when you start thinking about it that way. And you're looking around at this, I mean, obviously that's a very, it's a diverse audience, but a lot of black people who are who Yeah. It's in, it is in their body to connect to these things she's saying. Yeah. And for her to be shining so bright as an example Yeah. Is is so powerful and beautiful. Yeah. And then, and I was also like, fuck. You know, it's just so hard to like look around at the beauty and the joy and think like these people were enslaved. Yes. Like it Is.


So, and The music was always the reprieve. Like I took a jazz history class in college And it was like those, all those blue notes and the things that were developed in the cotton field Yeah. As an escape. I know From this horrific life is like it it is deeper than chords. Exactly. There's something, something wild going on that has carried through way beyond. It's still there. Yeah. I know. It's a, it's, it's a beautiful thing. Well I think that is it. That's it. A Sinner's review and that's it. Cowboy Carter, I loved him. I loved him. He was so, he had a sweetness. He did.


And an openness. And an ownership of his point of view all at the same time. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh, and if, I think we talked, we talked about this on a previous fact check where I was talking about Malcolm Gladwell's return to the Broken Windows theory from Tipping Point. Yeah. That's comes up in this episode. Scott Payne. Ah-huh. So, you know, piece it all together. Put It, stitch it together. Yeah. Stitch it. All Right.


Laia you, you follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


This is Nick. And this is Jack. We're best friends, ex-fiance, guys and resident nineties experts. And every week on our podcast the best idea yet we're bringing you the untold stories behind your favorite products. For instance, can you guess which billion dollar fashion company went viral? Thanks to a rhinestone covered tracksuit, or which cartoon turned four turtles into a global toy empire by accident? It started as a joke. Last one. Which cold beverage was so hated by Starbucks, they actually ended up acquiring it. Spoiler. The Frappuccino. Howard Schultz apparently thought cold coffee was super lame. And then he bought it from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Juicy Couture to the Orange Mocha Frappuccino. Join us every week to learn how your favorite things got made. Follow the best idea yet on the Wonder App or wherever you get your Podcasts. And you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus. And if this podcast lasts longer than 45 minutes, call your doctor.