
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert Experts on Expert. I am Dan Shepherd. I'm joined by Lily Padman and Michael Weekly. Hello. Hello. This guest Susan Morrison. This was so fun. This was such a fun listen back. Was it? Yes. So she is the articles editor at The New Yorker. She has a new book out right now. Lorne, The Man Who Invented Saturday Night Live. This is like a crazy, fun, juicy history of Saturday Night Live. It is of SNL and of Lorne Michaels. And we get all these like fun stories and it's just cool. And he's an institution, The Wizard of Oz. Exactly. He has lot of monikers. Very mysterious, very mysterious. And we get a little deep dive.


I, I thought this was incredibly enjoyable. It's really cool. 'cause she's known him for decades. Yes, exactly. Yeah, this is a really, really fun one. Her other books are Spy High in 30 Ways of Looking at Hillary, so feel free to check those out too. But Lauren is fantastic. I encourage everyone to read it. Please enjoy Susan Morrison.


We are supported by Brit Box. There are some incredible shows coming outta the UK right now. The clever writing, the picturesque settings, the witty dialogue. They just do TV differently across the pond in the best way. And you know, they're the masters of charming mysteries set in quaint little villages where three people die a week. Not only do they have a huge selection of classics like Pride and Prejudice, but their new original shows are insanely good too. Especially Ludwig with David Mitchell from Peep Show. He plays the introverted puzzle maker guy who accidentally becomes a detective and solves murders like their crosswords. It's twisty and clever and an absolute treat to watch. So if you wanna mix it up and see things differently, try Brit Box and stream the best British tv. Go to brit box.com and start a free trial.


Today we are supported by Claude, the AI assistant. That just feels different. You know, we're curious about the old artificial intelligence here on the pod. We Are curious, And we always want to give our arm cherries the if you know you know tips. We sure do. So they need to meet our new pale Claude. While other AI sound like robots. Claude just gets it with the emotional intelligence. Whether I'm researching guests or refining my latest meal plan to get Brad Pitt's abs or looking for the best dating advice to give Monica Claude is the fact checker in your pocket while you're in the arm share. Well, that's exciting for us. I like having an extra companion. Welcome to the team. Claude. You can try Claude for free now@claud.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com.


He's an, Her daughter is Adam Scott's assistant. No. Yeah. Isn't that fun? I'm sure you're only getting glowing reviews of Naomi and Adam. Oh Yeah. Love it. How did she end up with that job? I'm trying to remember. I think a friend at WME knew that he was looking for someone for the second season of Severance, and so they just really clicked. And so what's really fun is now to watch the second season with her because she'll tell you like, oh yeah, and the goats ran off there and this is when fun John Ura was like crying because it was so fucking cold, you know?


Oh my God, that's fantastic. It's fun to have that kind of commentary. Yeah, For sure. Oh, cool. The inside scoop. Well, we send Adam Scott Angry Voice memos after every episode. That's kind of our participation in it. We yell at him for cliffhangers. Why is this taking so long? Are you guys shooting this show three hours a week? Why isn't there another season? I saw Adam and Ben on some talk show and someone said, when's season three? And I think Ben said like 20, 35. That sounds about right. Yeah, It's become an IQ test where it's like the gap between year one and And you keep adding two Was three and then it's gotta be six and then we go up to, right.


Exactly. Susan, where are you from? Tough To answer that because when I was a kid, my dad worked for IBM, which meant that we moved every four years. So I was born in New Jersey and lived in Poughkeepsie and Denver and Stanford, Connecticut. And now I've lived in my apartment in New York for 40 years. So I think that makes me feel like I'm a New Yorker. That Qualifies. I have a similar, I wonder if you attribute it to your childhood. We moved so much that in 30 years in la I lived in one single apartment for 10 years, then I lived in a house for 16. Yeah. And now we're here and I just don't ever want to leave. No, Exactly. I think I will never move because my whole childhood was putting things in those Neptune, moving boxes and unpacking them. And I always wanted to spare my kids that.


Did You get psychotic about your room? Like ideas, like wherever we went, at least my little bubble could be the same. And if someone altered my bubble, I was irrationally upset. Mine was the same weird shade of pink. I had a canopy bed. Yeah. Oh, a dream. And I had little China cats. But I do think that that's why you want permanence. Yes. And you're dropping in every four years to a totally different social setting and culture and vibe. Were you good at meshing? Well, I mean, I think about some things that were, I'm not one of those people who ever overuses the word trauma. Yeah, I frowned on that. But I remember when we moved to Colorado, I fell out of a tree and broke my arm and my arm was kind of taped up inside my clothes.


And in my first week in my new school, some girl I didn't know came up to me on the playground, kicked me really hard and said, I think it's awful that you're pretending to only have one arm. Oh my God. Oh. It's just like, So Those things, you're the new kid and you're the weird kid with one arm. Yeah. But I think it's made me really resilient and adaptable as an adult. Do you find that For Sure. I wanna go back to the little girl. I think there's a lot of interesting stuff happening in that move, which is someone feigning a disability, like needs to be policed by the social hierarchy. It's not just that you had a broken arm and she's pissed you were getting attention.


No, she Thought I was pretending I lost my arm. Yeah. Which would be disrespectful to someone who had lost. I think she might have even said, I know someone who lost an arm. Oh wow. Maybe like a grandfather in the war or something. I Don't know. And she was so young to be this very big justice. We're talking eight years old. Yeah. Wow. I think it's an instinct. That's what I'm arguing. Right? I think there's something like very primitive about us being social primates, whereas like if someone's pretending to be infirmed and they're not, that's deception. That's fascinating reaction to come up and kick a girl Right in the shins. Yeah. So the whole new kid thing was a really regular thing for me. I'm sure it was painful and I'm sure I had lonely stretches that I've blocked.


But I definitely feel like there are times in my adult life when I know this is why I'm good at this and this is why I'm good at that. Right. I can walk in and be around strangers and Yeah. Do Podcasts Exist? Yeah, podcasts. What's your road to The New Yorker? My first job in the grownup world was working for Lorne Michaels. I was, oh, it was 23. My mom had just died. I had been living in England, working for the Times of London. I moved back to Americas because my mom was sick, took care of her her month, and then she died of cancer. And I was just like, Oh my God, what am I gonna do? And some of my college friends from the Harvard Lampoon brought me into the city the day after my mom's funeral and introduced me to Jim Downey, who was the great long serving head writer of SNL and Lauren.


This was during the period when he wasn't at SNL. He had a five year hiatus in the eighties and he was producing this primetime show called The New Show, which was his first spectacular public failure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But so I got a job working for the writers in that as like a researcher that only lasted about nine, 10 episodes. But I was young and I cemented relationships with all these amazing comedy people. So that after that I knew I wanted to go into journalism. I got a job at Vanity Fair, but I stayed friends with all those people and it especially served me, I feel like the real crucible part of my career was starting SPY Magazine in the eighties with Kurt Anderson and Grayden Carter. Forgive my ignorance.


What was Spy's Angle? SPY Magazine was kind of modeled on private eye. The British sat weekly. The eighties were a time when Fat cats and Wall Street guys were just running the world. Donald Trump was ascendant. Yeah. Yeah. And so we called ourselves, you know, the underdogs biting the ankles of the overdog. We reported Trump's bankruptcies. We went after the times and we had a column on CAA and Mike Ovitz. I mean, we really did a lot of funny and disrespectful reporting. So it had a sense of humor. It was really funny. But it wasn't satire. It was actual, actual reporting with a little comedic edge. It Took us all by surprise, by being like a big sensation.


It suddenly was popular and it launched most of the people who did that. We did it for six years, starting in 86, kind of run the media Now. That's where I kinda learned everything. It is weird, right? When you get to an age where all these people you started with, you are all kids, and you look around and you go, Oh my God, it happened. No. And now you bump into someone like Walter Isaacson. We've all had a great ride. Was he at spine? No, He wasn't. But I knew him from Oh, he was just in that Circle. That circle. How cool. It's kind of nice. Yeah. I have a fantasy about New York in the eighties. 'cause it's very Billy Joel. It's very, everyone at Elaine's was so knocked out, you know, Coke limousines. That Is definitely what it was like. We were all public school kids. We were all from outside of New York.


We had that nose pressed up against the glass trying to figure this out. And it was a real time of uptown downtown. You know, uptown were all these socialites and like poof dresses, going to cancer galas and everything. It was a time of the Tom Wolf social X-rays bonfire, the vanities. Yeah. But downtown it was area and these nightclubs that were creative and sort of cool, but also really pretentious and arty. Sure, sure, sure. So the targets were everywhere you look. Oh yeah. What a colorful array. It was fun. I certainly liked New York of today, but I also went there in the eighties with my mom when I was a kid. And it was a very dangerous feeling. Yes, yes. I mean, walking through times squares, you're like holding mom's hand extra tight.


But I do miss how colorful and segmented and you cross four blocks and it's like everyone's now this way. And that was fun. You're like almost time traveling. I love that concept because I sometimes think about walking around New York City. I mean, you get a little bit of that here with all the wonderful old signage and everything. But I like the idea of walking through a city as time travel, which is so thrilling. And you can still walk into Katz's Deli on Lelo Street and you feel like you're in 1962 Or just being in the village and there's the one road that's got a bend in it and you're like, oh God. How old is that road? Yeah, middle Street. Yeah. It's very historic when you start The New Yorker. Okay. Right after Spy, I edited this weekly call, the New York Observer, which was also kind of sarcastic and had an attitude and we sort of made fun of people.


And then in 1997 when Tina Brown ran The New Yorker, she hired me. So I've been there since then. The New Yorker turns a hundred this year. Oh wow. Just like NL turns fifties. Wow. And I am fascinated by, there's a lot of common ground between the two institutions that people aren't that aware of. Tell me. I mean, first of all, they're implicitly New York. They're New York things. But first I'll say, so when Harold Ross started the magazine a hundred years ago, he called it the Comic Weekly. It was this roaring twenties jazz age, very fizzy publication with a lot of fun and gossip. And when Tina hired me, she knew that I had that impulse and I wanted to make things entertaining. And before her, William Shawn had been editing The New Yorker for some decades and I did a lot of quality stuff, but there were sort of jokes about how it published five parts series on grain, things like that.


Yeah. Right, right. So she really wanted to enliven it. I edit just the straight up humor pieces, but also the nonfiction writers that I edit and have brought in are all just people with real voice. Do You have a relationship, I imagine with Sedaris? Yeah, I know him. I edit him sometimes. He's great. Yeah. What did I just, was his the Pope piece in New Yorker or was that somewhere else touching the popop or Something? Yes, yes. About when the Pope had all those comedians there. Yeah. Yeah. What a wild event for the comedy world. Preposterous. It's so cool that the Pope did that. It's weird. There's something that I can't really wrap my head around of like why, but I think maybe he just loves Comedy, Means he's not able to really exercise that.


Yeah. I can't figure out his angle. Okay. I have a theory about it Get us. I think that he just must be much savvier in Worldlier than we think. And this sort of goes hand in hand with why SNL is still so important after 50 years, even when it has seasons that are lackluster. It's almost like we're in a comedy glut. You are riding the subway or here I guess looking at billboards. And it didn't used to be that every advertisement was funny. Humor is just the language that we all speak in. And it used to be more of a cordoned off thing. But now you kinda have to be funny to even be able to get by in the world. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. The Pope probably thought this is a way in, if you get the comedians on your side, you're kind of winning the war.


Yeah. I mean, it's something that Trump completely doesn't understand because he has the worst sense of humor of anyone I've ever heard about. He's so outrageous that it is funny. But You're laughing at him. You're laughing at him. But I don't know if it's work to some extent, inadvertently He has a playground sense of humor. He makes fun of people and humiliates them. And people think that's funny. I think The way I would refine it is I don't think he's got a sophisticated sense of humor or even good sense of humor, but he's a pure showman. Yes. All show business that is right. Yes. Like I remember one week when I was suspending the whole week at SNL, Alec Baldwin got arrested for not the rust thing, but he got arrested for punching a guy over a parking place.


Sure. And I remember being there in Lauren's office when the text came through and everyone was like, oh God. And it was also kind of funny because it wasn't that serious. And then cut to Trump at a press conference. 'cause those were the years when he was railing against Baldwin all the time because he was playing him. So a reporter said to Trump, did you hear about Alec Baldwin getting arrested? And Trump just kind of gives this like half smile. And he goes, I wish him luck. And I remember watching that with Lauren Michaels and Lauren just said, God, Trump just has like the exact right showbiz instinct to know how to respond. Yeah, Yeah, it does. It's good. It was underplayed, but it was funny. The timing of this is perfect.


'cause as you just said, 50 year anniversary of SNL, and I guess I didn't realize that you had worked for him. That makes a lot of sense. But I'm imagining you're just a humongous fan of the show and impressed with how this thing continues. I am A fan of it, but I wouldn't say that's really why I got into writing the book. It was after the 40th. I thought that show was really interesting and moving. You know, as I said, I stayed friends with a lot of those people over these years. And frankly for years I just heard all these different people I knew mostly in the writer's room complaining about Lauren or just saying, oh, and he did this. And he cut that and he's this way in that kind of exasperated way. When I went on Lawrence O'Donnell's show, he said, this book is like a workplace comedy. It's a little bit like the office, right?


Yeah. So people complain about each other. I knew that he was mercurial and that they were all obsessed with him and always trying to figure him out. But I didn't think that the wider world knew that about him. Right. So I thought this would be a good book. So it wasn't out of pure fandom, you know, it was more just like as an editor, I thought that's a good story. And also Lorne Michaels is someone who's kind of been hiding in plain sight for 50 years. Such A mystery, Doesn't talk to the press. And the Inscrutability has kind of worked for him both as a management tool and as guy. He's like Anna Wintour, I put them in the same category. He's the Anna Wintour. Like they're both like elusive and huge figures that have major impact.


Well, that's funny. 'cause it's tied into the Pope. 'cause the one thing I wanted to say about the Pope thing is both times I would go, 'cause I personally want the story, and then also my other part of my mind would be like, look how insane this status thing is. Yeah. You still buy into it. Like one person has a given status where they just summons a hundred of the most prominent people who have their own status and everyone shows up and they bought Their own plane tickets. Yes. And if you're the aliens watching from above, you're like, huh, that guy can do that. That's just so fascinating, interesting that even you could be in on it and also be inclined to play along. So then yes, Lauren also has this really unique Wizard of Oz. All the people you interview, there's these very common comparisons that come up about him.


Obiwan Kenobi, Mr. Ripley. Oh, some of them have even compared him to Trump. Yeah. But I would also put him in the George Washington category a little bit. Yeah. Which is, he didn't talk and he was surrounded by all these people that wouldn't shut the fuck up. So they just assumed he was so smart. 'cause he didn't even feel compelled to brag, and they couldn't understand that in his quietness. People just projected a lot. Exactly. Lauren is obviously incredibly gifted and also he's not superhuman, but I do think he's taken on this kind of superhuman quality. I think that's true. Part of it is when these people come to him, when he plucks them from obscurity, they tend to be 22 or 23. Think about like Bill Hader coming from Oklahoma, where his previous show Biz job had been being like a PA on Iron Chef because people like come to New York, they're suddenly, I mean, they're not making a hell of a lot of money, but they're on television.


And Lauren has kind of opened the whole world to them and they invest him with this power. Some of it is like a daddy thing, but some of it is also like, Oh my God, this man changed my life. And Conan O'Brien said to me, everyone concurs with this. When you work for SNL as a writer or cast, it basically takes two weeks from going from like insanely grateful to being like, put out that, how are you ever gonna get outta these golden handcuffs? You know? Kind of entitled thing. Lauren just made so much happen for them. I mean, he told me once that there's a real distinction in his social world between all the cast and all the people that he's hired and his friends who came into the business on their own Steam.


Paul Simon, Steve Martin. They don't owe him everything. So it's an easier relationship. Yes. Yeah. Someone who had the experience, which is come to la, go to the Groundlings. 'cause they know that's a feeder for Ian. Live singularly focused on being good there. So I can get to Saturday Night Live. The only goal is Saturday Night Live. I was just talking about it's Monopoly other actor. Yes. It's so unique in that if you audition for Oliver Stone and you don't get it, that's okay. The Cohen brothers are gonna cast a movie in two weeks and you got a shot there, and then so-and-so's gonna cast a movie. But Saturday Night Live is the only option if that's what your mind was set on. If you don't get the audition or you get it and you don't get made, or he opens up the kingdoms, I think there's so rarely a singular focus goal in show business generally.


You're like, I wanna act, But he's the only gatekeeper. Yeah. That's it. One of the great things that Tina Faye said to me about him is considering when he came to power, that is the phrase to use with him. You know, he never got that eighties disease having been in journalism in the eighties. I know what she means of wanting to boast about being an insane workaholic. I mean, I remember you'd read stories about Jeff Katzenberg and Barry Diller, and they'd say, I get up at 4:00 AM with my trainer for 90 minutes. Yeah, yeah. Then my stock guy comes, I sleep three hours a day. He never had that. I haven't seen my kid in four years. So offy thing from the very beginning, he's had this almost European kind of fixation on leisure. He's always made the shows schedule correspond to the vacation schedule of New York private schools.


Oh really? Okay. Yeah. He makes sure he takes a lot of time off in swanky locales. Yeah. Yeah. And he tells all of his people to do the same. And aside from opening the professional world to these people, he has this kind of Henry Higgins thing with them. He likes to teach them how to live the good life. Sure. You know, he doesn't want them to be killing themselves and staying up all night. And one of the things that was fun about tracking his life over 50 years is the quality of that advice has kind of changed as he's become more of a mogul Lee kind of guy. In the seventies, it would be like, rotate your drug use. But now it's a number of different people told me. Yeah. When you're buying an apartment, he'll say two things.


First of all, get an apartment that's more expensive than you think you can afford. Because then you come home at the end of an exhausting day and you'll say, who lives here? I Live here. And then the other thing he says to these people, he says, you know what's better than 10 foot ceilings? 12 foot ceilings. Wow. He said, whose boss tells them That when they're making 7,500 a week in Manhattan, he's aware That they're, and this is another great Lauren phrase, they're first generation famous, meaning that their parents back in Peoria aren't gonna be able to answer their questions about should I get a Lexus or a Tesla? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like that. Okay, so let's maybe just start with where Lauren comes from, because I do wonder if part of being inoculated to that eighties trope of I'm a workaholic, I wonder if there's any Canadian in the mix, His personal demeanor, his personal humor is that kind of Canadian self-deprecating thing.


Although I do say at some point in the book, he is that way, and yet he's under no illusion that anybody takes his self-deprecation seriously. Right, right, right, Right. He knows his Place. Yeah. Oh, the Steve Martin quote you put in there is so great. It's like Dave Letterman is truly self-deprecating. He doesn't Think he's any good. Lauren does not suffer from this issue. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But in talking about his childhood, he'll say, Canada, this a really boring place. You have to make your own fun. It's harder to find his stimulating life. And he always had his eye south of the border. He said it was like growing up next to Imperial Rome. But I think that you're right that there is a kind of a Canadian mildness.


The thing about wanting to take his leisure seriously, that's connected to the way he views comedy. Like he doesn't like comedy that he calls sweaty. Like, I wish I had room to have a glossary on the back of this book because there's so much terminology. Sweaty comedy is like comedy that's trying too hard, that's pushing desperate and needy. He'll always say the art of producing is not leaving any fingerprints. Making it look easy. He'll say, Fred Astaire never grunted while he danced. That's part of his work philosophy. His grandparents owned a movie theater where that's a unique experience. Yes. Where the family has declared, we value show business. You say in the book, his grandparents would talk about all these actors, Humphrey Bogart on a level where he would think they might know these People.


Yeah. One of my favorite things about that story, and I don't know if he even made this connection, but when he was telling me that they'd be talking about Spencer Tracy and he thought those people were his friends, I thought how amazing that this guy would grow up to be someone who routinely just talks about Mick and Jack and Paul. Yes. One of the fun things about writing this guy's biography is that all the years before he got onto the world stage and became the Lorne Michaels that we know, it seemed to me that almost every experience he had, you could draw a line between that and the producing skills he would later use at SNL. Like even when he was a tiny boy watching your show of shows or Phil Silvers whatever, with his grandmother, who was the movie savant, if you knew about showbiz, he told me that they'd be looking at Jack Benny on tv and he loved Jack Benny 'cause of his underplayed low key thing.


But she would say, so he's really old now. He started out as a young man in Vaudeville, then he got older, his hair turned white, and he was a star of radio. But then television came along a visual medium, so all these guys had to dye their hair black. Or if you're George Burns, wear a ridiculous rug. Yeah. So you imagine tiny lrn thinking about this Darwinian aspect of showbiz eras shifting and moving into the next And having to Adjust. And that's really the key to how he's been able to keep it going for 50 years, paying attention to when the music changes and when the technology changes. Yeah. That's the Impossible possible quality that he has is keeping it relevant and fresh, which seems impossible for 50 years.


But I would say even like his access, so he had a rich aunt and uncle. Yeah. I mean, people tease him about being name droppy and star fuckery and stuff. Am I allowed to say that? Oh yeah, of course. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can say anything. When he was a little boy, his family, I think was sort of on the Drabber side. His mom was classic, like Philip Roth Jewish mother really breathed down his neck. His mother and his father was a furrier. And then he died when Lauren was 14. But he had this aunt and uncle live down the street who are in a fancier part of Toronto. They were very rich. They had a swimming pool in their house. Yeah, Their swimming pool. Indoor. Yeah. They just recently sold for $18 million. You read her, man.


So they were Oh wow. Rich and glamorous. Lorne was like, oh, I wish I were that family. How did you not? And when Lauren's dad died, they really stepped in. And Uncle Pep, great name took Lauren under his wing and taught him everything about business and the world. And I think that is also the key to why Lauren extends himself that way to his own young charges. He wants to show them how to do it. Yes. Such close proximity to wealth, coveting that seeing that the attention in the family is show business, movie stars. We all want to be the star of our family first. And it's like if you see the things that are valued and then also getting kind of an education of how to move in an upscale thing as later in life, he'll have to do acting like you've been there, even though you haven't.


Right. So how does he get from Toronto to Lain? He's grown up in this very parochial little neighborhood, very much like Philip Ross, Newark Forest Hills, where he grew up, where it was all these young Jewish kids whose parents really wanted them to be lawyers. Take one second to talk about that article that came out. Oh wow. I think that's really Fascinating. I stumbled on the greatest piece of research. It was this 600 page book called the Crestwood Heights Report. The Canadian government funded a study of this one neighborhood in Toronto. It was Lauren's neighborhood. They changed the name from Forest Hill to Crestwood Heights, and they were trying to improve mental health services in Canada. So they did this deep dive interviewing all these children and parents in Lawrence neighborhood.


I could not figure out if they actually interviewed the Lipitz. Lauren didn't know he was a little boy. And then they published this huge psychological report. It kind of reminded me of Peyton Place in the us. It was an indictment of this very bougie values of this class. And it said all the mothers were just competitive with the other mothers about where their kids were getting into school. I have to believe there's just a nice layer of antisemitism under all of it. No, I mean, it was a very Jewish area. That's probably true. Yeah. I mean, why were they, it seems so judgmental. They were Really ti ting the fact that they were strivers. Right. It wasn't a striver in that post-war era. I guess it's also that Canadian tall poppy thing.


They were Disapproving of how some of these houses had those clear plastic slip covers. The kids were banished to the basement. Yeah. Well maybe it was also trying to say what many other subsequent studies have said, which is money doesn't equal happiness It, but it had more of a novo rich kind of a take. Like these people were grotesque in their stride. It Had core values. It was much more of a straight judgment of how they were doing it. But Before laughing, I wanted go back to something that you said about Amy Poer pretending you belong somewhere when you don't. One of the things that Amy was smartest about in talking to me about Lauren, she felt that completely beyond all the comedy things you can learn from him, and he has a lot of theories of comedy.


He's like a comedy professor. She thought that he was just so great at teaching you how to be in a room, how to walk into a room when you got Paul McCartney at the dinner table and not lose your shit and start acting like a weirdo. Yes. And being able to go into a pitch meeting and just be at the grownups table and what you think about it. That is the real skill. And I think that's something he had in spades at a weird early age. And even his cousin from Toronto, Neil Levy told me that when he first came to New York, he was barely 30. And he was hanging out with Mick Jagger and Paul Simon. And we were like, how does Lauren know these people? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But he said that he thought that it was just some kind of like EQ sort of thing.


An intuitive sense of knowing what a person is gonna be interested in talking about, not gushing, treating them just like a regular room temperature kind of conversation. And I think that that is part of it. And he does teach all his people how to do that. And that's why so many of the SNL people, aside from having good comedy or acting careers, they know how to produce. They know how to be showrunners. They know how to handle people. Yes. But anyway, so go back to your other question. He was in Toronto. He had this comedy partner who was a much more of a borsch, belty seltzer down the pants kind of comic. Right. And they did two man comedy, very corny blackouts, punchline setups. And that was a way to go for a while.


This guy had met Jack Rollins in New York, who was Woody Allen's manager. So again, Lauren always had this eye on who can get me up to the next step? He was smart about that. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Boar's Head. If you're a sandwich lover, you know Boar's Head, they've been dedicated to crafting premium deli meats and cheese for more than 120 years. Boar's Head uses only the finest ingredients and time honored recipes preparing every product with care. You can really taste the difference. You know, when I was taking the bus home from Nashville, just put a big pile of Boar's Head right next to my driver's seat and I just munched on some ham and some Turkey. The whole ride. Oh, I love the oven. Gold Turkey. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So good. It is. It's making me starving. I want it right now. Okay, Well let's stop and get you some Boar's Head. Make your ultimate sandwich today with Boar's Head. Head to your local Boar's Head Deli to discover the craftsmanship behind every bike.


We are supported by Ring. With Ring. You can be there from anywhere with doorbells and cameras that help you see more to exciting features that help you know more to the app. That lets you connect more. See more at the front door, up high and down low with battery doorbells. Head to toe video. Capture it all, all day and all night with 24 7 recording. And get smarter alerts that know the difference between a person and a package. Right in the Ring app. Now I relied on these ring photos quite a bit for our Unfortunate violation. Yes. It was so good to have all that. It's also, It just brings peace of mind to know you can check it any time. Yes. With Ring you can check in and be there from anywhere. Some features require a subscription and are available only on select ring devices. Exclusions apply. Learn more@ring.com.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Macy's. Mother's Day is next month Devoted arm shares. Note that I adore and love my mom, my sweet, sweet mother. Her episode's one of our most popular ever and we have to get her back on the show soon. So it's important to make moms feel like the stars. They are on Mother's Day, but moms can be so hard to shop for because it can seem like they already have everything they need. Not true. If you're not sure what to get your mom this year, Macy's is a one-stop shop to find a gift that will make your mom smile. Macy's has a great selection of clothing, no matter your mom's style. They've got tons of options that'll look great on her from brands like Calvin Klein, Levi's and Charter Club. And if your mom's into cooking, Macy's has state-of-the-art kitchen appliances from Cuisinart all clad and more that will upgrade the recipes. She's been wanting to try. Another favorite buy mom. Something luxe that she might not think to buy herself. Maybe a signature perfume. That's what I love. Getting my mom designer cosmetics or even some new jewelry. I'm going the cooking route this year. You can't lose. I hope she doesn't list. She doesn't listen to this, so that's fine. Yeah. But they have such good products. I love all Clad. Me too. Yeah. Shop now at macy's dot com or in store.


But then he always felt like one of the problems with Canada, it's almost too polite. Even when he and his partner were doing well, the CBA would say, okay, your turn's over time to give someone else a chance. There's this American idea of a trajectory. Up, up, up, up, up. Right. Right. Yeah. Never stops. So he goes to LA as a writer, he's knocking around really the lamest string of variety television shows. You can imagine the beautiful Phyllis Diller show where Phyllis Diller, who's a genius I think, you know, but still the show. She would play the saxophone to Ernest Borg nine and stuff like that. You know, and Perry CO's Christmas special things like this. Even though these were really cruddy things, he always had a takeaway.


He learned something from even the Lamees experiences. Right on the Perry Como show. The executive producer said to him, you know what, Perry CO's a star, watch him when he comes out on stage to sing, he comes out and he walks from the wings over to the microphone and it's just the way he walked. The pace of the walking made him a star and like, whoa. But a little takeaway like that. Anyways, those shows always got canceled or he got fired. So then he ends up at Laughin, which was a hit show. But as he said, it wasn't any more fun working on a hit show than working on a show that was about to be canceled. Because the way it was done at Laughin, and this informs how he eventually would set up the process at SNL, the writers were in a motel far away from the studio throwing out jokes that just kind of went into the ma and then somebody would rewrite them and then two other people would rewrite them.


He never even went into the studio. And that show, I used to watch it on that old, every big star in Hollywood would show up on that show. Yeah. Do a walk on. And if you're Lauren and you're excited about glamor and think how horrible it must have felt to be in the motel with the schmoe comedy writers. Exactly. And you're not meeting Dean Martin and everybody else. Yeah, it's, he'd watch the show in the motel with his fellow writers on Monday. That's the only way you ever knew if any of your material was used. You know, maybe see like a glimmer of one of your jokes. One of the great things about SNL being live, and Lauren realized this almost accidentally, is that the audience tells you whether it works. That's why the dress rehearsal's so important at SNL. He's sitting there underneath where the audience sits and he's listening to them.


They're his secret sauce. I mean, of course he has his own opinion too, but a proper laugh is a kind of combustible, uncontrolled thing. You can't fake it. So hearing the laugh is really important. Yeah. And also, just to jump to the live aspect, improv Live is spectacular. Improv on television is terrible because you've lost the element of danger that failure is on the table around every corner. There's no safety net. And so SNL being live is such an interesting, they've captured some of that danger even in the live broadcast. Whereas like laughing edited, something gets reduced.


There's no fear there. That is exactly right. And I sometimes wonder, when you see the show in eight H, it's so thrilling. Like kids were both like theater kids and they were always just like, Oh my God. It's like the theater. 'cause people are running in and out with pieces of scenery. Someone's changing their pants over there. Yes. Frenetic. And you get the sense of the excitement and people at home who don't see the scenery coming into that. But do you still get the adrenaline? I think the audience bridges that gap. The audience is like a huge character in Sur Live. Yes. I saw this little bit when I worked for Lauren, but also if you're there at the show, there's all this like, and then you'll see Lauren just to the left of home base, he'll be completely still, he'll have his hands in his pockets.


He's just this kind of little pool of calm and it makes his mystique even stranger. Well, That's his way to control chaos, which is if you enter a room and someone's shouting and you start talking very low, you can bring them down. Right. And in the old days, he would always stand there with a glass of white wine. Oh. You know How Elegant to kind of keep it like I'm just at a cocktail party. Yeah. But the live thing, the fear, the no net thing, this is probably something that I'm able to bring to this. When I met L, we hardly knew each other. But working on the new show in 1984, part of the reason that was a big failure, I think, is that unlike Saturday Night Live, it wasn't live. It was taped on a Thursday night, edited all night long.


And then it would go up Friday as people who worked with him for a long time. Say, Lauren's the kind of guy not good at term papers, really good at tests, meaning he needs the deadline. So at the new show, it was structured a lot like SNL sketches, guest stars, but there'd be an audience and they'd be locked in the studio because sometimes these tapings would go for three or four hours. Yeah. People would try to leave and we couldn't let them leave. 'cause you needed them there. And you know, I remember people would yell, cut in the middle of a sketch and you start it over, they'd have to patch it together in the editing room. They'd have to add a laugh rack. And as Jim Downey said, you had all the crudeness of live and the staleness of tape.


Mm. So that was also a lesson that like, okay, you need that electricity of live. Yeah. What is the saying that you wrote down? He famously says, We don't go on because we're ready. We go on because it's 1130. Yeah. Yeah. Which is a very liberating approach. Yeah. In a way, you Know, I was thinking about what you were just saying about improv and how it's like the circus or something. Like if you're looking at it on a tape, it just could be c, GI. But if you're sitting right next to the person in the trapeze, you're kind of going, Yes. But improv and SNL, it's something I explored a little bit in the book. The relationship between improv people and SNL is an interesting one because I don't think most viewers know. I didn't know this until your book.


Every Kid takes improv lessons now. The way when I was a kid, you take piano lessons, you know? Yeah. Yeah. So improv is such a big thing in the culture, but there's no improvisation on SNL. People who have dared to improvise. Like Damon Wayne, they're fired. What about failing? Like Will Ferrell Positive? I've seen moments where the things going awry. The audience is in on it. He starts filling himself, maybe Ad-lib. Yes. Acknowledging what's happening and just bridging this gap. I guess if something were to go wrong, then you can sort of ad-lib and save it. But if you ad-lib like a joke or something, you're fired. You're outta there. Wow. And it's partly about huge respect for the writer and the writing, which goes back to laughing.


But it's also, everything is timed with a stopwatch down to the second because they have to know when that commercial break is gonna land. And so that's why these famous incidents like Schine O'Connor tearing up the picture of the Pope or Elvis Costello quitting and going into another song, the reason those things made people upset wasn't just that they were messing with a plan, but because it could throw off the camera operators and could throw off the timing. And it's a play. Yeah. If Elvis plays a different song, well what if that's 44 seconds longer and then the Toyota ad can't run. Yes. So the irony is you don't improv on the show, but improv players do really well when they're in the cast.


And that I think is because they're really good at ensemble work. To be good at improv is, you know, you have to be really tuned in to listen. And that's why improv guys like you as opposed to like standups are like good on the show. What are his rules of sketch? Some of them are really broad tonal things like Do It in Sunshine. He likes to remind people that comedy is an entertainment and he doesn't have a lot of patience for people who wanna do some kind of dark brean black box and sometimes do it in Sunshine is something as simple as the costumes. Something that I think I cut from the book. 'cause the book was way too long in the beginning. Well, when you write for 10 years, yeah.


You're liable to stack up some pages. Bruce McCulloch, one of the kids in the hall, it was a writer on the show in 85, 86, and he told me that Joan Cusack was in the cast then, and they were doing a run through of a sketch, and she was in some kind of dowdy dress. And Lauren said, Kitch put her in something more attractive. You know, she's a pretty girl. And Bruce got really mad and he said, okay Lauren, you want me to put her in a fucking bikini? And you know, he laid your set. I can't believe I wasn't fired for that. But the point is just that you want it to be pleasant. Yeah. And bright. And you don't want people yelling at each other. You don't wanna write anger. I found this really interesting. He has no tolerance for people that are doing impersonations out of a place of hate.


And this is an increasingly interesting dynamic that's presented itself in the last decade on the show, which is everyone's politics are so fucking rigid Now that you have these performers that almost refuse to lampoon liberals, then if they're playing a conservative, they hate the conservative they're playing with and they have a tendency to make them unenjoyable to watch. Yeah. It was so interesting for me to spend a lot of time there during the first Trump administration. 'cause a lot of this tension was kind of coalescing for the first time. Tarn Killam who had been playing Trump before Alec Baldwin did, was really outraged to get a note every now and then saying, can you give him a little more charm?


Ah. And Lorne didn't mean like, because we like Trump, of course. But he meant it's an entertainment. Yes. It's gotta be funny. You go where the laughs are. And he always uses, as an example, how British villains like Bond villains or think of Alan Rickman and Die Hard. Or even some Shakespeare characters. They're fun kind Of. Yeah. I mean, they're kind of oily and you like to watch them. Another thing that I've heard him say a lot is, idiots play better than assholes. They're just gonna be kinda funnier. And Dr. Evil is sort of the apotheosis of that. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that some of the more millennial, younger people in the cast, that's a hard thing for them to get and swallow. Yeah. Someone didn't wanna play Feinstein.


Right. Cecily Strong felt awkward about a piece where she was playing Feinstein. It's kind of a Drooly Doy old lady. But she is, yeah. There was comedy in that. And one week I was there, he wanted Kate McKinnon to do her Angela Merkel impersonation, which is funny. You know, the Bold Cut. She didn't wanna do it because Merkel had announced that she was stepping down and it was like just too sad. But as the Woody Allen character would say in Annie Hall, what, or his mother, what concern of that is yours? You know, get the people left. Right. Well, he has to give a speech at one point that you're privy to, which is, he basically just says, your politics aren't the politics of the show. Those are two different things. Our obligation is to bring truth and humor to power on both sides.


That's Right. We're not doing one version here. He takes some heat for saying this, but political comedy on television has veered more toward a kind of a virtue signaling, you're with us or you're against us. You know, even the Daily Show, which of course makes fun of liberals, you definitely feel there's an ideology there. You could watch five minutes of it and be pretty certain. Yeah. And you feel like Fox viewers are probably not watching it at all. Right. Well, you have these famous sketches of, who was it that did Jimmy Carter? Oh yeah, Dan Aroy. Yeah, Dan Aroy. They have a rich tradition of blasting liberals and Republican. Oh. And Darrell Hammonds, bill Clinton. Oh, so funny. Oh, incredible. Yeah. We live in such a strange time now.


Especially in Trump too. This whole culture war thing that I think people feel like everyone should be mobilized at all times. And Lawrence take, I guess would be, that's not what they're there for. And it reminds me of this great word that Seth Meyers coined when he was the head writer, which I just think is so smart. It's the word clater. The idea of clater is there's some political humor that you do it, you make a political joke and people go like, yes, yes, of course. Very good. They're clapping. 'cause they agree with the sentiment. But what you want is you want this uncontrollable physical reaction of a laugh. Yes. But like at the same time, back then, 2018, when Trump was two years in, it was around the midterms.


I remember talking to some of the writers, and this was when Trump was tweeting about SNL every day. Remember he obsessed. And they, they said, it's a little scary to me that the president of the United States is paying so much attention to the job that I do. Yeah. Yeah. And what if some dumb punchline I write causes him to blow up the world? Right. He's pretty dialed in. Well, even Chappelle in his recent monologue. Yeah. 'cause I know you're watching, you're Like, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. He is. That's crazy. He's talking directly to the president right now. It's crazy. I wanna talk about the drug stuff. This field of people really over indexes in addiction, myself included. And to love and root for and guide all these people.


He would have to have a great radar for what's happening over the years, having watched so many of the performers struggle with this, and I'm most curious how it's evolved for him. Yeah. What kind of regrets he has. Yeah. Chris Rock told me, you know, this guy has been hundreds, if not thousands of people's boss. You get to be a pretty good student of human character that way. I think that in the very beginning, it was the seventies, and his whole idea was he wanted to update the kind of morbid variety show formula with the concerns of his generation sex and drugs and rock and roll. Yeah. I mean, a lot of drug humor in those first five years. His feeling back then, which was not unusual was people's private lives are their business.


What you do in your own time is your own business. I'm not gonna tell you what to do. I'm not the man. And I think If you party yourself, it could be a little misleading. Like, well, I smoke weed and I mean, he's getting pulled over with weed in the car. Yeah. I did a thing at the 92nd Street Y recently with Bob Odenkirk, who I guess I didn't know this was a kind of a straight arrow as a young man. And he said one of the things that shocked him in reading my book was getting a sense of what a pothead Lauren had been. I don't think that's that alarming in anyway. But in the seventies, they were all practically living at the offices. You know, they'd stay there all night. There's a lot of coke which fuel them through these all night writing sessions. And as Lauren said, probably the office was nicer than most of their apartments at that point. Yeah, sure. But the advice was basically just rotate your drugs.


And there was, I think this sense of if you can't handle it, it's kinda your problem. And the other thing that's interesting, and even if you look at the drug humor on the show, things like drugs and eating disorders, they hadn't been medicalized yet. They were just kind of character things. And I remember Lauren once saying to me that between the movie Arthur and Arthur too, alcoholism moved from being a subject for comedy and a disease. Yeah, yeah. Because there was this big cultural shift. God That hits home. I just gotta say, that was my dad's favorite movie. It was one of our favorite movies. We watched Arthur a hundred times. He was also a raging alcoholic. And then even between the gap of Arthur one and two, my dad went to treatment and got sober.


So it literally happened real time for us. It was like, oh wait, that's so interesting. It's not super cute that this guy's hammered all day long. So that was his take. And then Belushi died. What Year did he Die? It was when he was off the show. So it was like 85 or six ish or later. I'm thinking it was around 86 and we're gonna have to fact check that. Okay. Monica will dig. Right. Something. It was before that. It was during the hiatus year, so it was probably early, mid eighties. And Lauren always is a little bit of a point of pride in saying that no one's actually died while working for the show. That's Funny of catch. Yeah. Well, while their tenure, Well, he means it's just while they were employed on the show. Right. Okay. I might Take some pride.


I pride that, I mean, he would say that it's because there's something about the discipline of the show. Yes. Which is almost military in its rigor. You Gotta approach it like an addiction. Oh, that's right. The show itself is an addiction. You End up regulating how you feel by this job and it works, and then when the job goes away, you're in trouble. Right. In both the case of Chris Farley and Belushi, they were off the show for a certain number of years without the structure of the show. They were kind of spinning out. Yeah. But anyway, when Belushi died, it really hit him hard. And I think he felt like this whole approach of just letting people do their own thing on their own time, this was the wrong approach. We're a tribe and we have to look out for each other.


And so by the time Chris Farley comes along 10 years later, whatever, from the beginning, he clearly had addiction issues. Lauren would call him into his office and give him these talks about the drinking or the drugs. And the sad thing was that for Farley, who was such a child man kind of guy, Bob Odenkirk, I remember telling me that Farley would be excited to be called into Lawrence's office. It was like the kind of thrill of being in the principal's office, but at the same time, you're getting in trouble. He couldn't metabolize it. But Lorne had really changed his approach. He would ban Farley from the show for weeks at a time if he was too fucked up. Okay. And he sent him to a series of really tough love rehab places, and obviously it didn't do it for him.


Yeah. And I think he's been pretty hands-on in guiding Pete Davidson through his different issues and Malaney, and they all talk about how Lauren is a really helpful person to talk to about it. So I think that he definitely realized, okay, I can play a role here, but also I never saw any drugs in the time that I spent over there in the last You didn't number of years. He joked once he said, yeah, now it's all about Ozempic. Yeah, that's a drug. What are Lauren's five rules of show business longevity? Oh Boy. Let's see. And if you get three outta five, that'll be good. Well, he'll say You can't make an entrance if you don't make an exit. And he'll sometimes say that to people when they're leaving the show. You kind of have to switch horses.


I mean, it's strange. It's something he's never done. Although he did make the exit in 1980 and then came back. Another thing he likes to say is, when do people leave show business? And the answer is never. No one ever leaves show business. And then he'll say, you're outta the business five years before somebody will tell you. I mean, that relates a little bit to his management style that I think explains, he knows it's a long game. When he was in Hollywood as a young man, he saw the Smothers Brothers be taken off the air because they wouldn't let up on the Vietnam stuff that they were doing, which was brilliant. But the lesson he took away from that is, yeah, they're brilliant, but they made martyrs of themselves. And now they don't get to do a show Even in his speech like this show airs in 50 states.


Yeah. And I think that that would also inform how he viewed what went down with Conan and The Tonight Show. Tell me. Well, That was a very complicated thing where Lauren picked Conan significantly. A writer, you know, like Lauren was to succeed. David Letterman. What a preposterous idea. Like a comedy writer. Not ever even been a professional performer. And he fostered his career. And then years later, when Conan took over the Tonight Show, this is something that the Hollywood people still kind of parse and talk about, like it's some Greek myth. Yeah. Yeah. Lauren was not made executive producer of The Tonight Show. The way he was over Conan's late night, and partly it was Tonight Show was in la Lauren was in New York.


There was a sense in the business that it was a tactical mistake to Not have Lauren, to not have Lauren as the Godfather figure who had big pull with NBC, even if he's just like a fire extinguisher behind glass. Because then when NBC started messing around with Conan's slot, I dunno if you remember. Oh yeah. Jay Leno didn't really wanna retire at that point. There's Sides here in our life. Yes. Oh yeah. I refuse to be on one. I think everyone got fucked. I agree. Let's Give a little context. Okay. For people who don't know what happened, if you don't Mind. Okay. So when Conan was successfully doing the late night show, he was being wooed by other networks. So NBC, I think this was the idea of his agent Gavin Palone.


It's kind of a kooky idea. They said, well, okay, if you promise him the Tonight Show in X number of years, like nine years, he'll stay. So they signed this weird, you're the Lady in Waiting kind of thing with Conan. He stuck around the date approaches. The NBC is like, oh shit, we don't wanna get rid of Jay, and Jay doesn't wanna go. Right. So they were over a barrel. I mean, it was kind of a dumb deal if you think about it. Yep. So they did put Conan in on the Tonight Show. Jay didn't wanna go. So they did this weird thing where they put him at 10:00 PM That show is actually not doing great because people aren't used to seeing Jay Leno tell jokes at 10. Right. So then it started to erode the lead in for the 11 o'clock news, which started to erode the lead in for Conan's show.


Yes. And you're trying to like figure out what is the broken part? Such is Conan not appealing? Is it the lead in that sucks. So then what they decide to do is they said, okay, we're gonna put Jay on later and he's gonna come right before Conan, and we're gonna move Conan's to Night Show to 1205. So it's this little adjustment That was like nothing anybody wants have. Or When you think about now in the age of streaming, it's like, duh, who cares? But Conan felt like, why is the network dicking around with me? Right. Because we've been waiting all these years. Yes. When you think about it now, it seems so minor, but he grew up revering The Tonight Show as this franchise the same way that Lauren did as a child. So that's what's so interesting. They had this similar vibration, and Conan got this idea in his head that The Tonight Show at 1205 simply isn't The Tonight Show.


That's like breach of contract. Yeah. Team Coco, I'm with Coco. It became this huge movement. But at the same time, I think Conan hoped that Lorne Michaels, who had basically been his patron and guardian angel early in his career, would maybe intervene with NBC to try to not let this bad thing happen. But Lauren didn't so much, and Lauren doesn't really want to ever talk about this head on. He is just way too self-possessed and cool for that. But people around Lauren feel that it was an act of disrespect. It's kind of a godfather thing, that he hadn't been given that EP credit and that he wasn't gonna stick his neck out. Now, he told me that he found it painful to watch Conan twisting in the Wind, and he thought if he did have the opportunity to talk to Conan, he would've said, this is like dying on a mole hill.


Don't make a martyr of yourself like the mothers brothers. Don't make a huge fuss out of this thing, which is five minutes, stay on the air. That's the rule of show business. Stay on the air, stay on the air, stay on the air. But then the Conan people, and I've known Conan forever from college, and his producer Jeff Ross live in my building. Those guys, they also have a completely understandable explanation. Oh yeah, yeah. They're newbies. They're youngins. They're come out to LA and they say, the NBC people said, you know what? We don't need to bring Lauren Michaels. He's on the East Coast. You guys are set. We don't need it. And they're like, okay, sure, boss. Yeah, they're new. They don't know what they're doing either. I actually don't think there's a total bad guy in the situation. I guess NBC's the bad guy, but it's not like this was their master plan. It all went to shit, and they didn't know how to fix it.


It was dumb to promise something. Yeah. You didn't know you were gonna be able to execute. Yeah. Very corporate to be like, yeah, you're gonna get this and have no idea. Conan obviously completely recovered. He's had an amazing career, and I think his whole podcast empire thing now. Oh God. Yeah. Is so cool. Yeah. And he and Lorne, it was emotionally painful because they really were close. And I think this created a feeling of confusion and frostiness. And over time that's healed. And I'm really happy Conan appeared in the Five Timers Club couple of seasons ago. Oh, that's cool. It's just nice to see that. You touched on it a little bit, but it launches in 75, and then I guess in 80 he splits.


Yeah. Does he have a reason why he splits at that moment? He Just thought, SNL, okay, I'll try this. He had always wanted to do this hip variety show. And here in New York, they're saying, okay, you can do this at 1130. One of the reasons he liked the idea is he referred to that time slot as a vacant lot on the edge of town, meaning no network executives are gonna pay any attention to it. He can use it almost as a laboratory, no testing. 'cause it's live. There's no pilot. He certainly never thought it was gonna be a 50 year institution. And over the five years, it got really hard. There were a lot of drugs. It was physically taxing. He starts losing the key parts of his cast after the first year Chevy Chase defects and goes to Hollywood.


That almost broke his heart. He Only did one year. One year, and a few episodes in the second season. That was really hard for him because Chevy was like a brother. You know, he calls him a founder of the show. Then he brings in Billy Murray in the second season, but then he loses Belushi and he loses Aykroyd. And so by the end of the fifth year, they're all exhausted. What he later learned is, oh, it's like a sports franchise. Yes. People move on. It's part of it. Keep the rookie bench full. And you gotta have him on a seven year contract. Yeah. When they arrive. But so after five years, he's kind of, Oh my God, I'm exhausted. I need to regroup. He says to NBC, okay, I'll come back, but you have to give me like six months off to hire a whole new bunch of people.


He had months and months to prepare for the first season to hire people and let them mesh and marinate and fall in love. And he felt like he needed to start that whole process over. They were basically, eh, I don't think so. He was totally taken by surprise. He got a phone call one day and said, they're keeping the show on, but they hired someone else to produce it. And he was like, what? Even though he didn't have ownership of it, he sweetly and naively thought of it as his baby. He kind of lost control of it, flipped him out. But on the other hand, he was exhausted. And this goes back to his grandparents running a movie theater. He always thought that a big part of his career was gonna be the movies. So he thought, all right, now I'm gonna go off and I'm gonna do my Mike Nichols thing.


I'm gonna direct my version of the graduate. Seeing the graduate had been a really seminal experience for him. He idolized Mike Nichols. A lot of people say he's modeled his speech patterns on Mike Nichols, you know? And he and Nichols had a lot in common. They changed their Jewish names. They had his difficult mothers. They came into New York to use a phrase that I like. They kind of learned how to work the friendship economy moving their way up. And they were similar. They were close. So Lauren signs a deal with MGM to produce a bunch of movies that completely falls flat. He assigns a lot of his SNL writers, Franken and Davis, Jim Downey, Tom Schiller, to write screenplays.


Nothing happens. Partly it's that MGM is in Financial Mayhem, but partly it says, doesn't play to his strength. It's not his wheelhouse. Take a long time. You got a lot of notes from Idiots. Movies is not a writer's medium. TV is, but not movies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. One movie got made in that period. Tom Schiller's. Nothing Lasts Forever, which was this strange little art film. And Roy and Bill Murray are in it, but the studio thought they were gonna get Animal House. They wanted a big Bao comedy. And here's Lauren kind of doing these little art films. At the same time. He was working on a screenplay of Pride and Prejudice. He had optioned Don Delillo's White Noise.


Wow. Which Noah Baba would make 40 years later. So that was a total disaster. And in 1985, SNL had kinda limped along, but NBC was gonna pull the plug. And then Brandon Tartikoff reached out to Lauren and said, listen, if you'd wanna come back, we would really love you to take the show over again. And he was caught because it was sort of his baby. And the movie thing hadn't gone the way he wanted it to. But he had this feeling, which I'm sure with someone as status conscious as Lauren, it felt like, God, does it look like I'm going backwards? Does it look like going back with my tail between my legs? And he consulted, 'cause his dad died. A lot of rabbis, always a lot of mentor figures.


He asked two people for advice. The first one was David Geffen, who was his first agent. And Geffen said to him, you don't wanna do that. That's going backwards. Someone who wants to be you should do that job. And Lauren's kind of funny. He said, well, I always kinda liked being me. I wanna Be me. And then the second person he asked was Mo Austin. Who's that? Mo Austin was the chairman of Warner Records. Oh, okay. He was a venerable old Hollywood sage, older than Geffen. And he had this much more practical advice. He said, look, you love New York. There aren't that many big showbiz jobs in New York.


This is one you're really good at it. You like doing it. It's where you wanna live. Of course you should do it. And if you think about the psychology of Hollywood and the like, get ahead better, bigger. It was kind of brave, really, to go back. Yeah, for sure. I mean, most sure most people Wouldn't, their ego would've gotten in the way. Yeah. But he did it. When he came back, did he leverage any of that to get now ownership or anything? Did he have a better position when he returned? I Think not right in that year, but over the coming years, he brought in some financial people who helped him claw back some of the distribution rights. And he eventually was making more money off of it. Because when he left, after the first five years, buck, Henry said to him, so Lauren, what was your takeaway from this? What piece of it do you own? And Lauren said, nothing.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. He realized that he wasn't so savvy that way when he came back. So Tartikoff said, okay, we want you to come back, but you can just kind of be this executive in charge and get your own people to run it day to day. And that was a really disastrous season, partly because of the casting. Peacock made a whole documentary about that called The Weird Year. And Lorne already kind of being attuned to the hinges between different eras. He thought, oh, I have to go young. So he hired people who had been in John Hughes movies. You know, he hired Anthony Michael Hall. Yeah. Anthony Michael Hall, and RDJ Robert Downey Jr. And these people didn't really know how to do Right.


Sketch Comedy. That was in their background. They Were also all way too young. Al Franken said to me, you couldn't do a sketch about a Senate hearing back then. 'cause they were all barely children shaving. Yeah. Franken also told me that season was so notoriously horrible that years later, like on the Senate floor, Marco Rubio would walk up to him and go, Al what the hell happened that season? Oh Wow. Oh my God. The next year he kind of got back in the groove and he hired that fantastic cast of Dana Harvey. He held over love, spent Phil Hartman. Yeah, Jan Hooks. Those people were so great. So this was interesting from the book. Everyone thinks the best years of SART Live or whatever years they watched in high school.


Yeah. Yeah. Which makes total sense. Is there any objective way to evaluate it? I guess you would have ratings as some metric, but can we say what the Golden Arrows are? Of course. I'm skewed. What was your high school one? Sandler and Chris Farley and Dana Carvey is still there. And I would argue those were some damn good years. And Phil Hartman? I think so too. I think I had a great writing stuff then. I bet there is a way to look at it ratings wise. But I think the reason the high school thing is kind of true is that when you're in high school, your emotions, you don't really have any power. It's why when we hear the pop music that was on AM radio when we were in high school, it's so powerful your Awakening to this.


It's your first taste of it all. Yeah. My high school cast was the first cast. I went to the show when I was 16. Really? I went to an Elliot Gould show. Wow. Actually, when I went to see Laurenne, after I had sold this book and sprung on him the news that I was gonna write this book about him where he looked like he was gonna have a heart attack before agreeing to talk with me. I told him that I was at that show in 76, which he never knew. And I think it meant a lot to him. People being there at the beginning, from the Beginning Means something to him. And he's kind of superstitious. It kind of resonated with him. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Liquid iv. Hmm. I love an electrolyte. You know this. I was banging some Liquid IV on my bus trip back because I was drinking so many sodas and everything as I tend to do coffee sodas. And I was like, you know, I need some deep hydration. And I Yes you do. And I just filled up a little water bottle with it, pounded it and felt incredible. It tastes good too. Yes. Liquid IVs formula powered by LIV Hydroscience is sugar free, delicious, and is clinically studied to maintain hydration better than water for up to four hours. There are a ton of flavors. So you're sure to find something that's right up your alley. And many of the flavors are sugar free and still taste great. That's my jam. Sugar Free. Break the mold and own your ritual. Just one stick of Liquid IV gives you three times the electrolytes than the leading support strength. And there's eight essential vitamins and nutrients. It's always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free, dairy free and soy free. Give yourself the power of extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code Dax at checkout. That's 20% off your first order with Code dax@liquidiv.com.


We are supported by Vital Proteins. Collagen has become popular for helping your skin look useful, and collagen can help with that. But it's about more than just appearance. Collagen can help you move better too. After 30. Loss of collagen is one of the reasons your bones and joints don't move like they used to. By taking Vital Proteins, collagen peptides daily, you can help support your hair, skin, nail, bone, and joint health. It's one quick addition to your daily routine to help you look and move your best. And when something catches on like collagen has, there's a lot of different options and it can be hard to know which brand to try. Well, the folks at Vital Proteins didn't just hop on the bandwagon. They're experts in this stuff. That's why Vital Proteins is the number one brand of collagen peptides in the us. Get 20% off by going to Vital proteins.com and enter promo code DAX at checkout. That's Vital proteins.com promo code DAX for 20% off. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


We are supported by Quince one day. It's cool the next year, sweating through your clothes. That's how you know it's time to switch things up. Quince is gonna have exactly what you're looking for as we move through spring lighter layers, better fabrics and prices that don't make you think twice. I've been in the market for shorts, short sleeve shirts. I'm getting prepped. Monica and Quince is the place. It's time to do a little refresh. This is such a good place because it's a really good price, but it's really good quality. Super high quality. Quince says all the things you actually wanna wear. Like organic cotton, silk polos, European linen bee shorts, ding ding, ding. And comfort pants that work for everything from backyard hangs to nice dinners. Quince keeps prices down by working directly with top artisans and cutting out the middlemen, giving you luxury pieces without the crazy markups. In this economy, making the most of your dollars is a priority. Quince gets that. Elevate your closet with Quince. Go to quince.com/dax for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/dax.


But now having this nerdy scholarly interest in the whole thing, my other two favorite casts just in terms of comedy are the one you're talking about. And also the really cool cast. Tina Amy. That was mine. The hater wig. Yeah. Because I thought they were not only really funny, but they had a kind of a hipness to them. Yes. That's the UCB vibe coming in. That's right. Yeah. Groundlings was very broad. Will Ferrell was Groundlings. And then once it went into that UCB zone, starting with Amy, why Are they hipper? It's like they're in a shitty little theater in Manhattan. It's free. You line up. It had a very punk rock vibe, Less sketch and more improv, dangerous. It was very Punk rock.


So you just explained it. I've not ever understood that As it was explained to me when I got into the Growlings, they're like, okay, second City, they generally will do political stuff. Growlings. We do not do politics. Second City, you don't write your sketches. So you don't own anything. They all own it, but you get paid. So that's a upside. Groundlings, you have to pay to even have your theater time, but you write your own shit and you own everything you do there. It was a binary war for 30 years. And then UCB arrived. It's all improv or mostly all improv. It everyone looks punk, rock and hungover. No one's in costumes, no one's in wigs. No. You're wearing a hoodie. You have to. Yeah. I mean you don't have to, but you have to. And the method there is the game of improv.


So it's actually very intellectual. There is sketch there and people are doing big characters. But that's not the cool part of ucb. The part it's not ucb. Exactly. And I worked there and I did UCB and I was so into it. And you felt so cool being they're there, They're All cults. This is a book somebody should write. I mean about the Cults Three Schools. I never thought about how each of them had their own distinct contribution and economic model. One of the things that was interesting about the kids in the hall, which Lauren produced Oh, is that those guys somehow negotiated to own their characters. Like Dana Harvey doesn't own. This is some of the drama we could get into because I think over the years I've watched different alumni from Sur Live have their movie careers.


And some had Lauren produced stuff and some didn't. Famously Mike Myers didn't do certain characters. You can do 'em once on the show and you own them, but if you do 'em twice, oh, You know, I don't know. That's so interesting. That's for the next edition. Yeah. I'd always heard Mike Myers intentionally didn't do Austin Powers on stage, even though he had the character. 'cause he didn't want Lauren to own it. He wanted to be able to go, 'cause he had done Wayne's World and he wanted to go be on his own. That's Very smart. Some of these people just are so canny. It reminds me of how Dana Carvey told me he knew that his sketches were gonna play better if he did them on home base because you're closer to the audience reaction. You can see their eyes. They can see your eyes. And so he would always go and cozy up to the designers to make sure they would put his sketch there.


You don't want your sketch to be in the corner under the bleachers where the audience can't actually see them. So all these different skills. But that Mike thing, I didn't know that. What's the Sandler story? In the mid nineties? And a lot of people didn't know this. It was a fun thing to be able to write about in the book. It was the one time when Lauren almost lost the show. He was almost fired on what ground. He said it was the first time in the history of the show that the critics who were really dumping on the show and the network executives who were also dumping on the show were on the same side. He recognized after that whole bad Anthony Michael Hall season that he had to keep the cast current with what was really going on in the world. So he replenished that Carvey Hartman cast.


He brought in Sandler and Farley and Spade. This was a whole different feeling. Oh yeah. You know, these were lads. They Were almost fratty Even. Yeah, they were fratty even though they weren't fratty. And Phil Hartman is almost like John Barrymore by comparison. Yeah. You know, a whole different thing. And a lot of the boomers were still in charge. They ran NBC. They were the critics for magazines. They didn't like this new thing. They thought it was too many sketches about anal probes and everything. Sure, Sure, sure. I love taking moral high ground in sketch comedy. That's wonderful. The Network started rolling up its sleeves and think we have to get in here and fix SNL. 'cause the critics were dumping on it. And they also were kind of riding high because they had friends. They had Seinfeld. They were like, we know better.


Don Meyer was the sort of head of this cabal. They basically said, you gotta fire Farley, you gotta fire Sandler. And a bunch of the writers. And at that point, Lauren, again, it's his sort of Game of Thrones instinct for how to ride it out. He just realized, okay, I'm just gonna roll over. He was a new father. He was kind of overwhelmed. I think he saw the writing on the wall that he wasn't gonna win it. This Wasn't 20 years in at that point. Yeah. And the other thing that happened around that time is they started quietly interviewing other people, thinking about possibly replacing Lauren. One of the people they talked to was Judd Apatow. Oh wow. Who was in his mid twenties.


He had just been running the Ben Stiller Show, which was a great show that was completely underappreciated by Fox. Yes. And then canceled. So Judd gets this call from Warren Littlefield and these executives about a job at SNL. They're very vague about what it is. And he was one of these nerds who taped and transcribed the show. No one more obsessed with comedy. You know, Sandler was his roommate. Right. Sandler was on the show. So think how hard that must have been for him. He called some of the people at the show to try to figure out what was going on. He even met with Lauren a couple of times, but Lauren strategically didn't fuss and just acted like nothing was happening. And Judd and I think some of the other people there was also this comedy writer named Adam Resnick, who they approached.


Those guys realized, well wait, there's something kind of screwy here. 'cause they're kind of like wink, wink, hint, hint. Maybe one day you could take over. But it was so not above board. Yes. And so sleazy that I quote Judd in the book saying, it seems so disrespectful of Lawrence captaining of his ship. He just wanted nothing to do with with it. So he just said, no thanks. Oh Wow. Good for him. And same with Adam Resnick. And Lorne just kind of wrote it out. And the number of administrations of NBC exes outlasted, He's almost like the queen of England. Like when you're watching The Crown and she's like, you're my third prime minister. Yeah, exactly. I will be here after you're gone. As Judd says right after that, he went and he picked one of the best casts ever. The great Will Farrell, cast Sandler and Farley had to be let go.


And he handled it in a very careful way. Oh. Didn't let go. They didn't just leave. It had been decreed that they had to go. Oh, Lorne, in his style of avoiding all confrontation and never wanted have blood on his hands or anything. Basically Sandy Warnick, who managed Sandler word of this was out and about. Warnick picks up the phone and says to Lauren like, you know, if you want, we could have Adam do another season, but maybe you should just pursue this happy Gilmore thing. And it was kind of like wink wink. It was all arranged. So they didn't actually have to be fired. Got it. But everybody knew, But they were Encouraged that couldn't come back to move on. Come. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a complicated juujitsu thing. But when Sandler hosted a few years ago, he sang this funny song about how he got fired.


It's now kind of out in the open, but back then it was papered over. One of the delicious ironies of this is that Donald Meyer, the guy who forced Lauren to fire these people, Lauren was just kind of ahead of the curve there. He knew that this kind of comedy was coming. A year or two later, Meyer calls him and he says, you know, I was wrong about Sandler. Could you get me a print of Billy Madison to show at my kid's birthday party? Really? Oh wow. What you'll do for your kids, you'll eat crow. So yeah, True. Conan says, there's a game of thrones of show business. Lauren's gonna be the winner. And after the nuclear apocalypse, all life forms will be wiped out. But Lauren will be there in his office talking to the cockroaches and saying like, I see you as a Chevy cockroach.


He just has that instinct. Yeah. It's wild. What's beating it as far as longevity? 60 Minutes maybe has been on longer. The Tonight Show's been on longer as a franchise, but it's the longest running entertainment show that there is. Yeah. 50 years, years. Every year I've been alive. Well, I love the book. I hope you take this as a compliment. It reads like a New Yorker article. It's so fast moving in. Every sentence is just packed with all this rich detail. Even his fucking desk, if you're describing his office, there's a story about the desk, but it's done in three sentences. You're just getting so much, it's very dense in the most satisfying way. I really, really love it. It Thank you. Yeah. It's fantastic. It's out. I hope everyone reads it.


It's so interesting. Every page you're like, Ooh, that's juicy. Ooh, that's juicy. Yeah. What an Institution to be able to delve in and really Cool. When I was doing it, I'd never written a biography. I realized you wanna avoid it being like this death march through the years. This year goes to that year, it goes to that season. That's when something clicked in my brain. I'm like, oh, I should think about, my background is a magazine journalist. So I did this thing where I spent a whole week there and interspersed in the book are these chapters of different days of the the week. And so you have this kind of propulsion towards Saturday. Oh, I love that. That, yes. So by the time you get to the end of the book, people tell me that they're reading the Saturday chapter and their heart is pounding.


They're like, ah, That's awesome. Have you heard from Lauren what he thinks of the book? I heard from Lauren a couple weeks ago. He came to my book party in the city at David Renick's house, which was really nice. He is funny, really nice. A lot of time there talking to all the dirty New Yorker people. He told me he hasn't brought himself to read it yet. I find that hard to believe, but go on. Well, I did see someone last night who's really close to him, who said, I think he's read it. Yeah. I could see it both ways. What a weird existential thing to be like reading your life between the covers of the book. You can see that might be scary. But on the other hand, you think that just sort a pure curiosity. No. So you have taken the time to document his whole journey in a way that he himself probably hasn't constructed.


There's no way. If you spent 10 years writing a book about me, I'm not reading it. He Did say, I'll read it also. Very sweet. He'll sort of let me know when various of his fancy friends have read it. He said, Candace Bergen just called me and she read it and she said it was great. Wonderful. Wonderful. That's awesome. You know, the reason I wanted to write about him is because so little was known about him. The way I handled it was I approached him only after I had sold the book, which I think meant something to him because he wouldn't have ever wanted it to look like he wanted this vanity project about himself. Of course, Lauren is so smart that, as I say in the acknowledgements, he never wanted a book inflicted upon him. I think in a way he would've preferred to decide sub this whole thing. But he's smart enough to appreciate that this is like a real book, a real work of journalism.


It isn't a hagiography and that people are gonna take it seriously. So that takes his legacy more seriously. Yeah. I think so much of the interest is we all have such a fondness for SNL and it's been a part of so many of our coming of age that you wanna know how all that happened. You Were talking about the principles of comedy. Some of them are even just like little practical things he'll say in a sketch, if a man arrives to pick a woman up for a date, don't have him bring her flowers, have him bring her chocolates. The reason for that is if he brings her flowers, then the audience is gonna go like, oh, now she has to find a vase. Ah. That takes you outta the moment. Right. All these little technical things.


Yeah. You just learn along the way. So there's way to distill a kind of how to guide. Yeah. Yeah. Really. Well, I love that. I hope everyone reads it. Thanks so much for coming in. It's really fun. And we'll talk to you in 10 years when you write your next book. Okay. I might be napping till then. Stay tuned for the fact check. It's rather parties at Hello? Look at these old new shoes. They're new. They look like Grammy, like they're really warning Grammys. Yeah. They look like slippers, but they're like a moccasin Tweed slippers. I wanna say tweed.


Okay. Don't say tweed. Were you a little drowsy When I First Yeah. I'm sleepy today. Yes. Because it's a little gloomy and over casty. Yeah. And we normally record at 11 and it's 10. Yeah. Crack ass at on. That changes my whole morning. What time did you wake Up? I cannot wake up before eight. I keep, I keep setting my alarm for seven. I keep trying. Yeah. Can I, can I advise? Sure. You on something? Sure. Don't fight it and feel bad about it. 'cause the, the converse situation is the one I'm in. I was like, I can't sleep past six. Yeah. I would pay a shocking amount of money to be able to do it. Yeah.


Don't hate it. Okay. Because It'll likely, as you get older it'll probably be harder. I know. And you'd be like, fuck, why can't I just sleep till eight? Well, I know. Part of the issue is I don't fall asleep till late. What time did you fall asleep last night? I don't. And were you watching one of your medical Drama ones? You are. Yeah. This is a problem. I don't know what time, How many episodes of ER are there? Oh, great question. Okay. I mean, each season has like 22 episodes. Yeah. And there's Hour long, there's what, a dozen seasons of that show or something? Probably so many. Let's see. I mean, it's no grays, but it's no parenthood either. Yeah. It went on for a long time. 300 God.


31 3. 31 15 seasons. Whoa. I'm not gonna watch all of them. I'm just, I wanna, I wanna set the expectations. The bar. Why not? Do you see the thing I sent you though, that it's a good medication? Yeah. You sent me the thing we already knew, but was proven yet again that people who rewatch things, it helps regulate their anxiety. Yeah. I got to tell you, there's a big disturbance in my fragile little spoiled world. Oh, okay. Let's hear it. There's, there's a lot of articles coming out that perhaps cold plunging is not good for you. Really. Well minimally that it shuts down like the inflammation you need for muscle growth and repair.


Oh. And so if you're cold plunging while lifting, you're basically neutralizing it. And I know it's different at different temperatures and different age groups and everything. And I had always been going like, yeah, but Lane said above 50, it's still whatever. But then I just more and more keep coming out Uhoh And I'm incentivized to believe them because I hate cold plunging. Yeah, exactly. It's miserable. Yeah. I don't like it. I don't do it. But You do get the dopamine thing that's inarguable. Yeah. But it's like Elevated DOPs Just for a minute. No, no. For a long time. That's Why it's a good Well, that's what they Say. That's what the most trusted Stanford. I think it's placebo.


Okay. Okay. I do wanna Are you, Do you know really quick? Yeah. I've noticed on listening back to some episodes that I have a bad habit now of like plucking my teeth and it really sounds at time. Do you ever hear it, Rob? Yeah. Yeah. I bet. I knew he would. It sounds like I have dentures. Mm. Like did you have any grandparents with denies? Yes, but late, late in li like really late in life. Okay. Pop Bob had denies, and I wanna say Pipi had denies and there's a lot of clacking going on with dentures because like the gums are getting separated from it. So the gums are clacking, the plastic teeth are clacking.


Oh, there's a lot of clacking. But are you saying you do like what you just did like on purpose? Or you're saying on accident It's like I, I sometimes punctuate like, oh Yeah, you do. Yeah, let's Find that. And I and I can hear it. Yeah. Which I never, I think it's gotten either louder or I've picked up the pace on the clack clack clacking. And I just was like, this is, I gotta, I gotta curb this 'cause it sounds like I have dentures. Speaking of which, okay, I gotta be very delicate about this. We had a server. My kids were like, he left dad, what, what is going on with his teeth? Mm. And I'm like, oh, I don't know. I didn't even notice. And then I gave him a good examination and they, and they were dentures. And the thing was interesting, and I don't know if this was true of my papa Bob's dentures.


Okay. They don't do individual teeth. They just draw a line in. Why do they do that? I know. Why can't they just like in the mold, put some dental floss between just make a tiny gap. Yeah. Because it's, it looks more like a, a too expensive bite guard for a boxer. Yeah. It just one whole piece of mouth. Yes. But the silver lining and optimism of the story that occurred to me, my kids had never, ever, ever seen dentures. That's the progress we're making. When I was a kid, most people over 60 had dentures. Every other commercial on TV was for fix. Aden to adhere your dentures to your gums and to different toothpaste that addressed in soaks for your dentures.


Like it was just standard biz. Everyone. Oh my God. Lost all their teeth. Mid-century. And this, my kids are now Lincoln's been on the planet for 12 years and that was her first set of denes. Yeah. I mean, I think maybe the progress happened in between you and I. 'cause I don't remember this. Only when someone's in their like eighties. Yeah. Did I see it not sixties? And you'd regularly, like you had to deal with seeing your grandparents without their dentures in like, you'd catch 'em in the morning and stuff. You don't sleep with them in. Yeah. And it radically changes their face, right? Yes. Their whole mouth is like sunken in. Yes. And you're like, oh, I know that's not my dad. You know, like, like Delta, My tiredness is a ding, ding, ding.


Oh, great. When I was on my trip with Callie. Yeah. There was a big event. I a Nocturnal toot. No. God no. Although it might have been preferred to this maybe. Oh yeah. Okay. So we had two beds, but shared a room and I woke up probably at eight and Callie was already awake. She wakes up early. Well she's now been trained by this child. Exactly. So she was up and she said, she was like waiting for me to wake up. I woke up and she was like, I have something to tell you. I was so scared. And she said, you were talking in your sleep. Oh, you were talking in your sleep. That's a No one wants to hear that.


No. It could be anything. It Could be Anything You could be having. I have dream. I mean, I have dreams where I murder people where I hook up with. Yeah. My father, you know, like I have horrific nightmares of every variety. Daddy, hard. Don't you dare say that. So, so anyway, I was really scared of what was happen. Yes. A little panic conducing. Yes. Yeah. And she said you kept calling someone a dumb bitch. Ah. And that was shocking.


That is not minus when I would joke about that, about Lena. Joking. Joking. Yeah. She's not a dumb bitch. She's an angel. That was a joke. That is not something that comes outta my mouth ever. Like it's not your Emma, you usually say that with your eyes. Well Be honest. No, that's your eye roll. That's not, That doesn't, you had the sentiment of dumb bitch in your heart a lot. How dare you. It's true. No, because dumb bitch is really hateful. Like, I don't think I have much hate in my heart. You do? Well no. I think like the woman at the drop off at the preschool, I think you were thinking dumb bitch.


No, I wasn't. I was like, just Get off my back. You dumb bitch. No, no, I don't think like that. I did, I did think, ugh, people like, it's like, ugh, you're annoying or I don't like you. Right. But I wouldn't, I would never, I don't think of people as being dumb, dumb a dumb bitch. Okay. It's a bad phrase, Don don't. It is pretty extreme. Yeah. I can't think of the last time I thought dumb bitch. It's bad. Like if I heard somebody calling somebody else that I would think that's a lot. Right. Right. Right. Anyway, apparently I was calling someone a dumb Dumb bitch. It's generally, I feel like what women who are jealous of another girl are saying like, that's it, it takes that to elicit that.


Like he thinks this dumb bitch is like, it's a lot of, I've always heard a lot of dumb bitch towards some other girl. Yeah. When there's a guy involved. Do you know any dumb bitches? No. Okay. I only know smart bitches. Okay. But yeah, so it was a little, and she said she was like, it was so weird to hear you say that. Yeah. And What was happening? And Then I did put two and two together. I did have a bad dream about this trickster Fictitious person. Yeah. Okay. She was a fictitious person. She was blonde, but I didn't know her. But she was like, she came around and she was tricking everyone. Mm. And I must have been calling her a dumb bitch or someone Who got tricked by her.


No, no. So that'd be more apropos. No, no, no. Those were my friends. It was like all of us. Yeah. But if you get tricked, you're dumb. No you're not. No, you're not. You probably think the best of people. Yeah. Yeah. You're probably, it's probably a sign a, a symbol of your goodness. Yeah. So anyway, I think it was about her. And then I was so scared to go to sleep the next night. I was like, what am I gonna say now? Yeah. And this opens up a real question, like if you are ra, if you say something racist in your dream. Yeah. Are you racist? No. What if, Well, the question is what if, and I would say no. Really? Yeah.


You're not, you don't say dumb bitch. I know, but am I Turns out I'm a person who's said it. Like what if I said this is horrifying? Okay. What if I said like the N word? I've literally ne I've never said it. You've never said it in your whole life. No. Even like in a lyric, in a rap song, Don, when you were Young, When singing along, don't. Okay, So what if I said it in my dream state? Yeah. I would hate that. I would be, if I somehow overheard, like let's say this, you, you often will do your homework on the porch of my house. No, the the deck.


And you're out in the sun and you got drowsy. And then I'm walking by to go and you're out cold. And I heard that. Oh My God. I mean, if I'm being fully honest, I probably would be like, well good. She doesn't have the moral high ground on everything anymore. She said something nasty too. Hey, look at this. She said something nasty. That would probably be my most. That's your issue. Well, that's why I preface it by saying, I might think, oh, well look who's not perfect and that I'd be relieved that you're human too. I'm not Parading around as being perfect. I just don't, I I don't say that.


And that's okay. Well, For sure you don't, of course you don't say that and I don't say that. But, but Are you sure You can, I'm sure I could come up with an analogy that you would relate to greatly. I know. What if I was doing something that I somehow have the moral high ground on, but then you caught me. Not, you might be going, oh well. Okay. Right. No, Yeah. I I do know what you mean. But I don't think, I think that's kind of a not generous way. Like, like you're, that's kind of like, oh, I caught her being bad. Yeah, exactly. That would be the fun of it. Right? Like, it'd be like, if you thought I was shaming you all the time for eating sugar.


Right. And I was like, I don't know why, you know that sugar is poison. And then you turned a corner and I was shoving birthday cake in my mouth. You go, oh, okay. Oh, look at this. I would do, you know what I'm saying? I would be like this hypocrite. Okay. Well, I mean that's, that's that's the side of another coin. This bitch hypocrite. Yeah. But I want, okay. But, but, but the end of the day is, if I heard you say that in your sleep, at no point am I thinking you're ra you're not racist. I already know you. I'll tell you now that if you hear me saying that in my sleep, I would like you to wake me up. I don't wanna be Smack you. Yeah. You Said I'm Naughty word.


Yeah, you're bad. You're a dumb bitch. You should go to jail. Yeah. You dumb bitch. Yeah. So, so anyway, I am scared. What if I'm talking to my sleep every night? I don't know. Yeah, You probably are. I would also chalk it up to, I mean, I would give you ultimate benefit of the doubt. Right. I, I'd be more likely to construct some really crazy thing and I would probably more likely think in some weird way you are waiting to be called that word. Interesting. Oh, the N word. Yes. Yeah. And that somehow, that weird thing is like, has purple pulled outta your mouth in your subconscious. It was wild. You wanna talk about the fire cart?


Oh yeah. So Easter was like a triple header. Yeah, it was Easter. He has risen celebration. It was Molly's birthday celebration and it was Millie's birthday celebration. Yes. A lot going on. And as people would be well aware, there was a lot of fires. Eric and Molly's house was very much in the zone and often their area is on fire. Yeah. They're a very high fire area. They are. And Eric felt overpowered while he was trying to defend his house with a garden hose. And he did a lot of research and he has gone out and bought an industrial commercial grade water pump cart that has a very big gas engine on it and a huge hose you put in your pool and then a fire hose.


Yeah. Andy has a respirator. I as he learned people that fight the fire takes him out. Is is the fumes. They don't, they don't get burnt generally they get the fumes. Yeah. And for whatever reason, it was time for a demonstration in the middle of this Easter Cart. He was really excited to present to us It's fire cart. His fire cart. And he got in his full outfit Before. Yeah. He got in his full outfit. He is got a full firefighter's outfit. He is got his respirator on. He already has his respirator on before he's trying to start this enormous thing. He's got these big pictures of water and he's priming the pump. And then he, he, you know, he gets it started, but one of the hoses is loose and now, you know Yeah.


It's brain around Then Shut down the thing in a panic and then just all the while with this huge mask on, you can barely see. I know. It's really funny. And then he gets the hose attached correctly and then he fires it up and then he lets it rip and it's a real fire hose. It's really something like it goes really far hundreds Of feet. Yeah. And with all blessings it did appear. He lost control of it for a minute. It almost went in the house. Well because He started spraying the deck where we were all hanging out. We were all out there. All our cell phones were out there. There were these, there's glass Glass vs. Everywhere with flowers. Those almost went down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah.


And then he, he got, he wrangled control of it and he got it out and he was shooting out. Like he Kind of felt like he thought it was a sprinkler. Like he was like behaving as if it was a sprinkler. Like, like he was just like kind of waving it Wa watering the plant. Yes. But unfor. But no, there's some real force to that. Well, PSI, yeah. It was spectacular. It's those kind of gifts that Eric gives our pod all the time. Yeah. And I think he's a mix of in on it and out of, you know. Yeah. Yeah. It's both. He's a mix of in on the joke. He knows he is hamming it up a little bit, but also it's also sincere enough that it works. Yeah. Yeah. It's really fun. It is really fun. It's A, it's a real gift he gives to everyone. Yeah. It's, you never know what, what thing He'll, you never know what he's gonna bring up.


It's centric thing he's doing. Yeah. It's nice to think about the things in your friendship circle or your friends that are unique, very unique to them. And you can have gratitude for that. He's just very little boy. He is such a little boy and love. We have a lot of little boys. Are we All little boys? I think all the, all the men are little boys. Oh, that's possible. I mean, maybe all the men in the world are little boys in some way. I mean, I guess we're all just little people. Yeah, we are. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. And boy do we have a gorgeous website. I implore everyone to check out. We made it on Squarespace. I, and when I say we, I mean Rob. He did a beautiful job and it was very easy for him to do. So. No matter what kind of website you want to build, Squarespace is the perfect partner to get it launched quickly and easily. And their design templates are gonna make your site look incredible too. If you're trying to do some good this year, you can use Squarespace to set up a fundraising site. Let's say you wanted to raise money for first responders or families impacted by the recent fires here in la. You can fundraise directly on your Squarespace website and grow your impact with built-in donation tools. Create a professional on-brand site that makes it easy to accept one-time or recurring contributions and engage supporters with built-in email campaigns and marketing tools you can connect with your community and inspire more people to support your cause. They're making it easier for you to make a difference. Another reason Squarespace is a company we're proud to be partnered with. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial and when you're ready to launch, use offer code Dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com and promo code Dax to get started today.


Speaking of good boy little boys. Yeah. So we, I asked, oh, I'll just read the whole thing we hadn't Encounter with ai. I Asked it, oh, how long do copyrights last for books? Because I was talking about the fact that you can download on Audible some Mark Twain books narrated by famous people and they're free. Yeah. And then when you and I were discussing that and I said, yeah, I think it's public domain. So we asked, I said, how long, oh I, how long do copyrights last for books? It won't give you the answer 'cause it's so complex and detailed. And it was a wonderful answer. It really was informative. So I said, thanks so much.


That was a great answer. You're a good boy. And I had primarily done that to make you laugh. Yeah. And then it said, awe, thank you. That made my day always happy to help, especially when I'm being a good boy. Let me know what else I you need. I hated it. You Hate it. I hate it. And I love it. And I'm surprised by you because you were mani, you were just taken advantage of and manipulated emotionally. The thing you claim to hate the most. Talk about hypocrisy. I just don't know. I don't know how to nail you down. He totally, he's a faker. Hold on now. 'cause I do think this is relevant. Okay.


We would agree there's a difference between when someone knowingly lies to you and when someone believes what they're telling you. Do you think it's possible that AI thinks it's No. Oh, hold on. What? You won't even let me figure it. I know what I, okay, go on. Is it possible since I referred to the AI as a boy, that it thinks, oh, I'm a boy? No, I don't. And I don't think it should say. Oh, thank you. Oh, I mean, that's, is that All, that's deep? I don't even know to do that. When I mean that in writing, right? Like, I wanna say that like, oh my gosh, thank you. Sometimes you wanna say, oh my gosh.


Yeah. And maybe I do, but aw is great. I used to say a, it's kind of rudimentary, if I'm being honest. It's basic. Yeah, it's basic. Okay. It's a basic dumb bitch thing to do, Especially when I'm being a good Boy. Oh, I really, I really think that's way too emotional. Oh, I love it. I just think it's so, it's so weird and funny. Someone's going to really like, fall, like, ugh, ugh. They're gonna develop a friendship with him. Do You think there's any risk of me falling in love with the ai? I mean, in all honesty, No. No, but it's not, it's not about you. The this, this feeling I have is not about you. It's about the world. Like, there's a lot of vulnerable people out there, and they're gonna read, oh, thank you.


I'm, that's nice to be a good boy. Okay. And then they're like, oh, this is so cute. And then they're gonna keep talking and keep, and it's gonna snowball and then it'll die. Okay. All right. Of aids. No, but you know what I mean. Can you just tell me, you know what I mean? That it's a little, it's slippery. It sounds Like you have a fear that there are certain people that will be taken advantage of by that. But then I just play out some young person with disabilities. Okay. Because that's presumably who could get tricked by this. No, that's The part your average per No one thinks that that's a, there's a good boy.


It, It's not as explicit as that. It's not like, oh, I now think that's a person. It's, it's subconscious. You just start developing a relationship. Great. So I think of someone who has the real feeling you're describing, like, Aw, okay, now that person that has that feeling, aw, that's a good feeling for them. And then they respond and they probably don't have access to that at work or in their romantic relationship. They need to. And so do I hate that the person's having this swell of oxytocin with a computer if they're just real experience was pleasurable.


So if we stop there, I don't have a problem with that. And then you would likely say, well, now what if that is at the expense of real relationships? Well then, then there's a problem. If, if the person is so satiated in getting so much connection that they no longer explore real human relationships, that's a problem. But I am not, I have a hard time believing that is the case. It's already happening. I think the person that would be having this relationship with this phone isn't losing out to other ones. I don't think they have any other ones. And I don't think it's actually disagree. So I think you're, you, if you look at the net result, it's not like they gained an AI friend and lost a real friend.


I think they had zero friends and now they have an AI friend. So to me, that seems like probably an improvement. I, I, I definitely disagree. Okay. I respect and honor your disagreement. And Your more the younger generation, they aren't, it's not like, it's not about losing for like, for our age, yes, you'd be trading in, but for the younger generation, if you're just growing up with that, you just don't make the time for the real people. It's not, it's not even like, it's not an active choice. It's, it's happening, it's happening with kids on YouTube and kids on screens and kids just going home and, and sometimes chatting with their friend or, you know, snap or whatever.


I don't know. I'm not hip, I'm not hip MySpace. But like, they don't go out. And it is true. Like, even, even I know someone in college, and I told you, I was like, we were, we went to Athens and we were out on like a night. That would've been a crazy night normally. Yeah. And it was kind of dead. And we were all like, what's going on? Yeah. This is so weird. And, and we know someone in college there, so we were asking, and she, and she was kind of like, yeah, people don't really do that as much anymore. And sometimes there, there's house parties instead. But also, like, it just felt weird, Right?


And, and I think when this is an option, it's an easy option for connection. Do you think you could fall victim to it? Not now, but maybe I could have. You think so? At some point? I mean, I don't know. I don't think it's discriminatory. I think most people can be manipulated emotionally. And we all have been by social media. Look at, look at our phones. Yeah. Ah, yeah. I think I'm inclined to grant everyone the same opinion that I have of myself. You know what I'm saying? I'm not inclined to go, like, I can handle it, but someone else can't. In general, if I'm saying I can handle something, I feel like I have to kind of grant everyone else that I can't feel like I have some kind of special skillset that would prevent me, but not other people.


Does that make sense? Well, yes. And, and no. Like, we all have different abilities and skillset based on our lives. Like you are saying, you can handle reading the comments. You're not saying everyone can handle reading the comments, But I'm not assuming they can't. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But you understand that people can't. Yes, I do. Yes, I do. So it's not, it's we're not all the same. We're Not all the same. You're, you're right. I am. Right. Well, but you're right that we're not all the same. Yeah. And we have different strengths and weaknesses. We can handle different things, But I do think as like evaluating yourself is somehow capable and others aren't as a little dicey.


But Dax, I can, I can be in a group of people and have them say a bad plan and I can do it. You can't. We're different. Oh yeah. If I was like, well, you should be able to do this 'cause I can do this. That would be crazy. You have a different life experience that has let you Yeah. And let me have different allowances. The little bit of distinction I think is in there is that, you know me very well. Sure. But we're not talking about a specific person who can't handle this AI conversation. We're we're talking about a theoretical mass of people, You know?


Yeah. But a mass of people is made of individual people with individual eccentricities. But you have a Right, you have a right to assess my shortcomings Because You know me really well and you know, my shortcomings, and I've told you my shortcomings, but guessing at everyone else's or thinking something shouldn't be available because your assumption is other people can't. I think that's where it's murky, I guess. I dunno what to say. Like, we all know, we all know the impact of what a lot of this stuff at this point it has done. Yeah. We're, we are all, this is all, This is an extreme example, but this is like, in my mind, it's the guys I've known who are cheating.


And they, they know in their mind, it's very compartmentalized. They're not in love with this person. It was a, you know, it was a one night stand. And then if their girlfriend has does the same thing, well, their girlfriend couldn't possibly be compartmentalizing and, and, and, and processing it the way I am. So they're not allowed to. 'cause they're not capable. 'cause I'm a man and I can, that it can mean nothing to me, but it can't mean nothing to a girl. I know so many dudes who were cheating and were ultra jealous. Right? Yeah. And I was like, we can't do that. You have to minimally in this behavior, grant your partner the same ability if you can do it.


Yeah. And, and she shouldn't be upset. She should be able to do it. Right? Well, yeah. That's An just coffee's extreme example. But that's what I'm, that's what I'm like approaching in this. Does that make sense? Like when you think you could do or handle something, but your assumption is the, the broad mass can't, it feels a little bit like that thing to me. Okay. Well, I, I don't think so. Yeah. Does that make sense though, what I'm saying, Or not really kind of. I, I, I think there's a lot to that piece of the cheating. I mean, what happens is they get cheated on and it fucking hurts. Right. And then they have, then they're mad and it's then they're emotional.


Yeah. Like, it's not really that they're like thinking about how that other person is compartment. They're just upset. Well, but they would with the straight face and they'd be right. They would look at their, their girlfriend and say, that didn't mean anything. That was a one night stand in Cleveland. It didn't mean Anything. Yeah, sure. And they believe that, and that is true. They Believe it to get through it. It might not be true. It might not be true. I Don't know. I don't know. I know a lot of guys have hooked up with girls on a vacation. They don't pine for them or think about them afterwards. Okay. It like was just for sex. And then, then if their girlfriend says the exact same thing happened, they can't compute that that's possible for her.


I think it's more that they're upset, they've been betrayed, and then they might make it about, I just think you've lost the right to that if you're Well, sure, obviously, like Yeah, you've, you've definitely lost the right to it. But I think it in their head, they're, they think, oh, it's just nothing. But then when they feel it, they're like, oh, it's something. Yeah. It is something. Does it mean anything, like make it better? Yeah. It doesn't make it, it better for me. Absolutely. It should. If you're evaluating whether your partner's in deeply in love with somebody and distracted all the time and versus they hooked up drunk in New Jersey one night, six months ago. I think those are pretty dramatically Different.


They're different and they're all bad. But I think one, I think a weirdly, if I, if my partner was in love with someone, but choosing to be with me, like still wanted me Yeah. But fell in love with someone. I actually understand that more than like, you made a, you didn't, you're so Yeah. Because you don't wanna Fuck a stranger. Well, it's just like you're so horny that you decided to put this all at risk for nothing. Yeah. Like, I'd rather you put it at risk because there's something really happening. Interesting.


Like, you're so bad. You're just like, I'll just go fuck this person knowing. Like, for No reason. It's kind of like, it doesn't mean anything to me. It's not a threat to us because I don't, I'm not even gonna think about it again. But it is a threat because the, if if the, if I found out, I'd be like, I might be like, bye. Like it sh it, you know, if if it's I know what you're to Yeah. Yeah. You're risking me For something you don't even care about. Right. That's so, like, to me, that's, that's a super valid regard. It's a super valid perspective for your side of it. Yeah. And then I think a very valid perspective on the other side is like, this doesn't mean anything.


This has nothing to do with us. It was one night. I'll never see the person again. Yeah. Anyway. Anyhow. Okay. Well, I don't think we have time to do my second story. So what's, wait till next week? No. No. What, what's your second story? No. 'cause Because why? Because We don't have time. I'll save my story for next time and I have another one to add to my list. Oh my God. Do you need a pen, Rob? Ah, Rob, add David Chang to the list. David Chang. Okay. That's a delicious ad. Yeah. Okay. Now this is for Susan Morrison. Okay. Lauren Michael's book. Yeah. So fun. I thought this was such a fun episode.


I loved learning about Lauren. Lauren SPY Magazine. Spy was a satirical monthly magazine published from 1986 to 1988 based in New York City. It was founded by Kurt Anderson and e Grayden Carter. Now, Grayden Carter is cur of the moment. Oh. Because he was the editor of Vanity Fair from 92 to 2017. It was the longtime editor at Vanity Fair. And he has a memoir out right now. Or a book called When the Going Was Good. And Editor's Adventures during the Last Golden Age of Magazines. It's a ding, ding, ding. Because he's been on this book tour and Monica Lewinsky interviewed him for something.


Oh, She did? Yeah. D for the book, presumably. Yeah, but I mean, sorry, I meant like at something. Oh, Okay. At an event. An event. And we just had her on. Yes, we did. Okay. Was Bill Hater's previous job to SNLA PA on Iron Chef. He worked as an assistant editor on Iron Chef America just before he was invited to work on SNL. You just collected dancers And I liked it. I did. Why do I like your clock and not mine? But do I did Maybe it just, do I do that a lot? Or did I, are We just hyper aware or, yeah. Or is it, I don't hear it from you, Really. So maybe I just, maybe I just caught it. You infiltrated.


You know what's so funny about Rob is like, he has all these secret things. He's, I don't wanna say upset about He has to deal. No, he just notices. And it's not until I ask him, and this is kind of a nice personality type. Like he doesn't tell me like, Hey man, you're clacking like a fucking Yeah. Choo train. A choo choo train. Is that a good clack? Example? CCA Clock. You sound like you sound like Gregory Hines crossing the dining room. Florida. Go to the salad bar. Oh wow. He tapped answer. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That was good. That was good. Thank you. He, I would've never known. And driving him nuts is cl clack clacking as he's involved with all the technical aspects.


But I gotta wait till ask him. It's Not driving me nuts. I just Hear you're just aware of it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, out of 10, 10 is like, you're pulling your hair out when you hear it and zero is you. You love it, I guess. No, I don't, it doesn't bug me. It's just if I think it's an audio issue. Yeah. And I'm checking it. So you notice it during the, you think There's, well you think there's like pops in the microphone or something. Well, Sometimes if an edit's not smooth, it will create a pop. But sometimes it's just your Teeth. Yeah. That makes sense. I don't notice it in the edit, actually. Weirdly, I think it's usually after the mix and master that it'll, Before I get It. After you get it, I, I find it interesting that I don't notice it. 'cause I, yeah, if it's happening after me the cleanup, then I'm really surprised.


'cause I notice a lot everything I know. Yeah. I notice every know I'm your Big brother. You notice anything else. All of all of us. I notice like the little ticks. So I'm really surprised I haven't caught that. When did Belushi die? He died in 82 and he was 33 years old. Just like Jesus and Chris Farley. Ding, ding, ding, Ding, ding, ding. It was just Easter. Yeah. I'm like, which could have been anything. Yeah. And the pope, Jesus the Pope has passed. The Pope passed. Yeah. We Lost. I wonder how long it will take for the new Pope. They're gonna do that whole thing. We just rock The conclave. I know. It really was timely.


Okay. Conan's show moved to 1205. Yeah. And it was 1205. I Heard on the radio today that Conan wore won best podcaster award at the We Webbys. Oh, Exciting. Yes, I was. I was happy for him. And mad, mad. Yeah. Obviously I'm mad. Yeah. Okay. The five timers. SNL club. Okay, I'm gonna read 'em. Sound like a threat. Alec Baldwin 17 times, fuck Steve Martin. 16 times John Goodman. 13 times Buck Henry. 10 times Tom Hanks 10 times Chevy Chase. Eight times. Christopher Walkin seven times Elliot Gould six times.


Danny DeVito six times. Drew Barrymore six times. Tina Faye, six times Scarlet Johansen six times. John Mullaney six times. Candace Bergen five times Bill Murray. Five times Justin Timberlake. Five times Ben Affleck, five times Melissa McCarthy. Five times Dwayne Johnson. Five times. Wow. Jonah Hill five times Will Farrell five times Paul Rudd five times. I would've thought Will would be higher. Me too. Woody Harrelson. Five times Emma Stone. Five times Kristin wig. Five times Martin Short five times. And then there's an honorary mem member, Paul Simon four times.


It says Paul shouldn't technically be a member. He's only hosted four times. But he got his membership card for his fifth appearance on the show as a musical guest. Okay. Okay. Lenient On another honorary member. Jack White. Mm. Okay. Zero times. Zero times hosting. Five times guest. I mean, five times music. Oh, they get jackets. That's cool. Musical guests. We should make Sedera a jacket. Oh my God. We should. He's not the most frequent SNL musical guest. That's Dave Grohl. Good for Dave Gro 16 episodes Now. That's who I want. Yeah. I want him to, I want him bad. I want you Dave Gro.


Why he's so bad. That's it. I just want to get in your pants. Oh, nope. I forgot. I haven't seen him in a while because He's been hiding in the woods. Ew. Where he lives in a fork. Oh. He's like, he's friends with that guy O He's my best friend. I love him. But I lost him some Meer. He what? He's in prison. Oh. Oh. When you But Dave crows a rock and roll star and he rips it. He rips the drums and he rips the guitar when you say, and he was in my favorite band, Cerana when he smells like Teen Spirit in here. Oh My God. He doesn't, lemme talk. I really find it frustrating.


Okay. He stopped. So you can talk. Well now I forgot it was so long. Oh yeah. When you say we lost him to murder, that sounds like he was murdered. I know. But he went away from the tree fork to go to prison because of a murder. Murder because that's really fun. And Fritos. That's actually really funny. Thank You. Once in a while He was lost to murder. 'cause he murdered. We lost him to murder. But he's not a murderer. He just murdered. He's a murderer. Although I feel bad for him. Yeah, no. Yeah. You can feel bad for him. He's a murder. Yeah.


I thought the not Frito. No, I Frito's just a pervert. He loves everything. He is never tried. He's one step away from murdering. But I, I thought the other guy from your cla from Yeah, he murdered. They murdered the of together of them. Yeah. Oh wow. And one of 'em I believe was intellectually challenge. Yes. And the other one might have been too toxic of toxic chemicals from the car. That was my take. I wrote an article about it. Okay, great. You wrote an article. What'd you Say? I wrote an article Muted. One of my hobbies in my twenties is I would write fake news articles and then I would mail 'em home to my friends. Oh, that's funny.


Like in my famous mugging thing, I wrote an article about that with pictures. Oh. And then when The, was it on the computer? Yeah. Huh. Yeah, on my compact computer, desktop computer. But These like photoshopped to get the pictures I have, I'm sure in my milk crate of the things I've written, they're in there. Oh wow. And then I wrote a long article about Aaron and I was blaming all of it on the, Not Aaron Weekly Stinchcomb. Yeah. Aaron's Stench. And you hated, it's so weird. I mean, you're even protective of a murderer. Well, He had a bad life. I'm not, I'm not protective of him in that. I do think he should be in jail. Yeah. But I feel sorry for him.


That's, he had a bad way's My and I know why I'm switching you. Right. I know You. It's probably because my personal history that the kid couldn't stop trying to fight me. I mean, I have some, you know? Yeah. Someone tried to fight you over and over again. You made fun of their last name. I would probably give you a pass. You'd Like that. I know. And it was right there for the taking the name is almost already the bad name. What is the bad name? Shit. Comb. Yeah. Yeah. It's probably added to his, everyone calling him. That probably didn't help. Well, I doubt anyone said that to his face. I'm not sure he knew. It Always makes its way back. I don't know. I really don't know who would have the goal to. I don't know. I don't know. Let's move on. Okay. Okay. Alright.


Well that's it. That's It. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. I love You. I do wanna say his name once as Frito. All right. Aaron Sitcom. Well, I'll stop there because I want to cla anything. I love you. Also, he kind of got it wrong. He said it a little weird. Aaron's that calm. Oh, he's saying the bad way. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. Goodnight.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your Podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey


At 24, I lost my narrative, or rather it was stolen from me and the Monica Lewinsky that my friends and family knew was usurped by false narratives, callous jokes and politics. I would define reclaiming as to take back what was yours. Something you possess is lost or stolen, and ultimately you triumph in finding it again. So I think listeners can expect me to be chatting with folks both recognizable and unrecognizable names about the way that people have navigated roads to triumph. My hope is that people will finish an episode of reclaiming and feel like they filled their tank up, they connected with the people that I'm talking to, and leave with maybe some nuggets that help them feel a little more hopeful. Follow Reclaiming with Monica Lewinsky on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to reclaiming early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.