
Hello. Hello. Happy anniversary. Happy Anniversary. We did it. We made it to a year. Very exciting. Wow. A year ago. Feels like 20 years ago. It Feels like a long time ago. Yeah, I agree. How do You think you've changed? Oh my god, that's such profound, such a profound question. I mean I have been actually reflecting on that how difficult last summer was and how dysregulated I was and who I was dating. Like just the situations that I was like holding onto. I was like physically Ill. Yeah, Ill And I just moved. Like when I look back I just feel like it's that meme of like things were on fire, but it felt very chaotic.


And I was just getting through it. But this summer feels incredibly peaceful. That's great. And I like reflect on it on a daily basis. Wow. Because I have been kind of doing your meditations. It's working and it does work. It's annoying when You know. It's like take your stupid mental health walk or like do your stupid meditation for your stupid mental health. Honestly what it's done for me, my mind is still like when I try and meditate, but it makes me stop and reflect. Usually I'll just be go, go, go and I'll have time to be like I'm so healthy. And I can do things that I couldn't do last summer. And I. I'm at peace and I'm not dating a crazy per like a, yeah.


I'm not trying to make a relationship that's unworkable work. What do you think caused the dysregulation last year? I think I had like no self-respect. I mean not no. Yeah. But definitely was lacking sort of a sense of care for myself. And I. Think you would tell me that in nicer ways? Probably not in nicer ways. Probably meaner ways. You told me, remember a few months ago I was in a rut over another person. I feel like every time we've started a show I started dating the most toxic person. Oh yeah. Right.


I mean So a couple months ago I was reconnecting with the person I dated during race to 35. It was just a very unhealthy relationship, but I was trying to make somehow make it work again. And you just literally, we were in your booth and you aren like Liz, I dunno how to say this other than like you're so much better than this. The tone though was like, dude like, but it pierced through my soul and reverberated back and Then well I mean it, but It was true. I should have been nicer maybe, but sometimes no, but you were right. You were right. I'm just saying guys, come On. You were right. The rest of that sentence is like, you're amazing. This person is whatever. 'cause when you're in these kind of unhealthy dynamics, your perspective is totally warped and that's where your friends are there to be like, this person For me is just like, here are the facts.


This person is X, Y, and Z based on everything they've shown. I'm not just like, oh they're bad 'cause they're mean. Like no, they're this and this and this based on this evidence and your X, Y, and Z based on this evidence. So like if anyone looked at this picture, you don't deserve that. Yes, 100%. Do You feel like you've always had one level of self-respect and then now it's lifting? Or do you think it was a dip? Yeah, That's a really good question. I mean now that I'm thinking about it, I think both of them are kind of fertility related. Not that I wasn't in unhealthy dynamics before that And I, don't know if anyone else relates to this or if you relate to this, but something did shift for me when I turned 35, where suddenly before that I, I would be in dynamics And.


I would be like, oh this isn't working out for me. And sometimes I actually think I would dip a little too early or at one thing that I didn't like and I'm like, oh, maybe I could have like seen that thing through. But a weird thing happened definitely during the egg freezing with this person that I was dating at that time where It felt like we Were freezing our eggs even though he was totally not present. To Be fair to him, you are not freezing your eggs with him. We were Not. No, absolutely. That was your decision. You just happened to also, but There were moments we would go to a party and there'd be kids. I'm like, it wasn't all in my head. I do think there was this sense of like This is gonna be us. Did he say that? He didn't say it.


He didn't say it With his mouth. He didn't say it. Say it with his mouth. And he said it with his eyes. He didn't say it. And again, we were in hormones and yeah, we were doing this really big thing. I'm not blaming him for that at all, but I do think it was like heightened. I think when I moved You know, we started saying I was moving to a new place. It was sort of like, okay, now I'm settling down. Like again, if I had those sort of bells going at 35, they've just been louder since then. And so with this person I, I was dating when we started sink the things that I remember thinking he like wanted to live on a farm. And. I was like, yeah, I'll live on a, on a farm in this remote country. Like I was so self abandoning basically.


'cause I was like, oh it's this person. And, I have to make this work. I think all of us are like, well it requires sacrifice And there is, there's compromise. But compromise doesn't have to be sacrifice. That's Right. And women very often are very self-sacrificing. Yes. And men are too. but I think women prioritize relationships and that means you're kind of often prioritizing someone else. I mean if you're really prioritizing the relationship, you'd be prioritizing your own needs too. but I think we get those things wrong. And, I, And. I would move so fast into things and that was definitely something I've changed in the last year and that's so positive. And so yeah, I just feel so less crazy.


That's awesome. I'm proud of you. I'm happy for you. What about you? How do you feel? I think I progressively have gotten better at boundaries. But that's over many years I think. but I see it continuing and reaping rewards from it. 'cause sometimes they take a while. The rewards. Yeah. You know Or you get the Opposite Or you get the opposite is people are upset. Which is more are that is the thing. It's like boundary setting is not easy at all. And it's because it can be painful for everyone. That's why it's hard to do when people avoid it because it's not fun but it's healthy and it ultimately is healthy for everyone.


You just have to fucking remember that. I was talking to my therapist about something And I was like, yeah, You know what? I have these boundaries. I think everything's been good. So I think I can stop. I can like put down the boundaries 'cause like it's fixed. You know. And she was like Monica, she was like, the reason it's good is because of the boundaries. Yeah. It's not that the boundaries then fix the thing. It's like that's why. Wow. It's like oh yeah. Wow. And it's good to remember. It's hard to remember. I can put down the best. I like. Oh I think it's better now.


So like I think it's fine. And she was like, that's How a lot of people get off antidepressants. Exactly. Where they're like, oh I'm better now. Exactly. I was like, no you're better because you're on them. You don't stop it unless your doctor Says so. Yeah, it's this illusion. It's so funny because you wanna be Done. Yeah. Because they're hard and they require energy and effort and then you wanna be like, okay well I did that. And so that's over now and everything's fixed and it's just not the way like relationships work really. Right. So I guess there that's been going on this year, but not too much else. I don't think You know. It's interesting 'cause last summer, last summer was so fun. We had Summer of Cara and we were just hanging every day.


And I felt like there was so much time. I don't know what Happened. Yeah, it was very summer camp. It was So summer. Campy, And, I. Think I went into this summer with such high expectations because of it. I've been feeling a little like why am I not feeling like I felt And, I think it's just 'cause I have this unachievable expectation, which is annoying 'cause like the reason it was so fun is 'cause it was unexpected. You just can't recreate. And it's frustrating. It is. I wanna just recreate fun moments. I know at fun times. But life doesn't let you, Maybe you need like an inaugural event to inaugurate the summer so that you like know what the Vibe.


Well 4th of July is kind of that. Yes it was. It was so fun. but I think I like when I have such a tight grasp. I mean this is just in general a problem for me I think. And a good thing to remind people of is the tighter grasp you have on anything, the worse it is. I think in a relationship That's true. And a relationship to the summer, my, my toxic relationship to the summer. I Don't think You was toxic. No it wasn't. But it was like, oh I can't wait. Summer is coming and it's gonna be so fun and we're gonna do this and this and this all day long. That hasn't been, then you're just left feeling like you lost something. That's just the wrong perspective. It's just different. Yes. Accepting the moment you're in.


I've definitely done that. You're like focusing on what it should feel like. And so you're not really in the present, which is great and like has all kinds of beautiful things in it, but you're not paying attention to it because you're focused on what it should be or what it could be. Also, it's been like a weird couple of weeks. I feel like just the vibes are Off. Is that the moon? I think it's just the world. Like I was just like, I think it's the world and the moon, The world and the moon. Or maybe it's the moon doing it to the world. What I mean is like I wouldn't blame yourself. There's a lot going on and a lot can change. A lot has changed in three weeks. So imagine how much can change in three weeks from the positive. It's true. I also think so much pressure on these couple weeks that are technically like slow weeks for us because Dax and Kristen are out of town.


When they're outta town. It's like, oh my gosh, it's less. I can relax a little bit. So then I wanna do this, this and that. It's like too much pressure. Yeah. Take down the pressure. Just do what you feel like doing every day. What have you been doing? Being I guess sad that it's not as fun. We should go out and make it fun. Yeah, let's Make it fun. Yeah. Also, there's so much more summer left. That's The thing. It's the beginning. I Need to relax. Go a little easier on Yourself on your summer. Yeah. I need to go a little easier on the summer. Okay, now this is related. Have you read any more of the book? Okay, so I did, but I'm still not done.


Okay. But let's Talk about it. I won't give anything away. So all four is by Miranda July. I brought it up like 18 times to different people because it's coming up Naturally. It's really making me feel like, oh, women are especially of a certain age. We're all going through this thing and no one's talking about it. Okay. Except this book is really talking about it. So the book is about a woman who is gonna go on a trip to New York. She's gonna drive there and she ends up getting a hotel like an hour away. She never makes it there. The book takes so many twists and turns.


It is so profound. It's so sexy. Yes. Well the last time I think I spoke about it, I was like, it's so sexy. Oh my God. And then the next day I was like The tampon thing. No, I liked that. I also thought that was sexy. It's so visceral. Their thing. Yes. Yeah. But the book takes so many turns after that. Like you have no idea. Oh my God, you have, You have no idea where this is going. And really it's a coming of middle age story. What comes along with that and what happens to women's bodies and what's happening to them mentally. And a lot of women, once they hit middle age, that's the first time they start looking around and thinking like, what do I want?


And you're like 45. Yeah. And it's shocking. And it's very Synced because you, a couple episodes ago were scared you had perimenopause. Yeah. Is that what happened? Yes. Okay. It's a big part of the book. Wow. And I'm like, oh my God, we're all, and then of course I read it And I was like, well I also definitely am in it. You think now? I think. I Think we're both in it. Oh my God. I mean I haven't told you, but I'm like, I think it's happening. It's not a big deal. Like It's I know, but again, It's Oh, Identity's shifting though. I know. We're too young for it. I know. We're teenage Girls. Like I That's the problem. It's like we're gonna feel like 18. Right. Forever in the book she gives this like visual for the first part of your life you're like on this ride up basically.


And she's like, and then for a moment you're hovering and then from then you're just falling. Wow. And I do feel like currently, I think we are in the hover, but this idea like what's next is the fall until we die. And it's all perspective. Yeah. And by the end it's actually quite optimistic. And you can choose how to feel about life and the second half and all of that. But whoa. I don't, I'm not re I wanna keep, I'm not, I think you should next read a book I've talked to you about before, but my friend Glen McNichol wrote, I'm mostly here to enjoy myself.


And it is being lumped with all fours. It's the same genre. It's like sort of the summer of the Perimenopausal Woman. Yes. Or like the summer of the male aged woman sort of midlife crisis. Right. Like sort of idea. Right. That we kind of know what it looks like for men. It's like hair plugs and Ferrari. And for women we don't really talk about what that looks like. And Glenna's book, which I devoured, I think you would love it. Basically she's the opposite of Miranda. Of Miranda. Gil July's character. She's single. She doesn't have children. She's 40, I think five now. And decides to just move to Paris for like a few months and just has sex with so many beautiful younger men and like eats baguettes and croissants and cheese.


And Glenys wrote a first book which was called, no One Tells You This. Basically 39 was the worst year of her life. She was freaking out about turning 40. She just thought when I turn 40 it's gonna be horrible. And then she like woke up and she was like, this is the fucking best. Yeah. And she was like, no one tells you that actually like you aren forties. But again, I think it's different when you have kids. I Know. And it's made me reflect on like obviously there's so many times that I will be disappointed or judgmental of myself that I You know I'm having kids later in life or I'm having like I will have kids later in life. Yeah. But then I, yeah. Talk to a lot of my friends who are in their forties and fifties who have kids and who tell me these stories of waking up suddenly and realizing I've given myself to other people.


I've given myself to my husband or partner, my kids, And, I. Don't know who I am. Before I became me. I became me. And. I. Feel like that's why I feel so excited about having kids out because I feel like I've done all of it. I know myself, I've grown, I've done all the work. I'm the best version of me that I could be. I think I'll be the best possible mom that I could be now. Yeah. Like rather than 10 years ago or whatever. Last summer. Last Summer. And not that that won't happen to me or I won't have also like, but I think that that's the upside of also waiting that we don't necessarily think about or talk about too. Yeah. Totally agree.


I was thinking the same thing. There's a huge benefit to adding people in once you really, there's nothing to regret at that point. It's like, I did me for a long time and now I'm ready to bring more people to the table. Yeah. I'm sure there's always resentment. but I feel like if I had had kids like five years ago, I would be resentful. There were so many things I wanted to do with my career and things that I care about. And I really went 150% into it. It feels good actually to take a step back in a way that like I think it would have or I would've felt frustrated. And. I'm sure it still does. Yeah. It's just fascinating. Like I was at this dinner last night with all these women who I didn't know. It kept coming up this idea of age and not feeling your age until it's like, oh my gosh, whoa.


What's happening with my body? Or what's happening with my feelings about my partner or my life? I really recommend it. I can't wait till you finish. Me too. Yeah. It's crazy. Oh wow. Yeah. I have a really bad reason that I didn't finish it is that I'm deep in love island. Oh, I know. No, I That And I know you're not. But it's taking over our household in the best way possible. It's really, I think the thing uniting the country right now. We need something. We really Do. I was listening To another podcast the other day and someone was talking about how we have to start looking at this country this time that we're all in as like, this is our team.


You know the last generation, that's their team. You get put on a team when you are born basically. And you don't really get to pick, but that's your team and you have to make decisions together and you have to try to win together. And we are so not thinking of it like that And I. I really think that's a beautiful way of approaching the future. Yeah. It's just like this is the team you get and you have to make it work with that team. Yeah. You're like on a flight together and So If you start killing. Yeah. Like it's like you're ruining your flight You know it All affects you if you can't make it work. Right. Should We give our Presents? Oh my God. Yeah. We haven't even, we Haven't even given our presents yet. Okay. I'll tell everyone what happened.


So we were supposed to record like days and days and days ago, but my present part of the present hadn't arrived yet. And so you were very flexible. And then we were supposed to record yesterday and it still hadn't arrived. And then it did arrive. We did. So it's here because mine is two parts. How do you wanna do It? Yeah. How do we do it? Should I give you mine first? Yeah, Sure. Now these are paper gifts. These are gifts reminding everyone. And we One year had to make them. That was Okay. So mine. but I cheated. But that's fine. You okay? I did not. And so you have to remember you followed the rules. Yeah. I wish I could have bought this instead of making it. So take that into consideration when you are assessing what it looks like. Okay. So Do you have to preface it?


Well kind of. Okay. Do It. So essentially I made you a pinata. What? No, You did not what? Oh my God. It's your color of the year. Pen tone. Oh My God. How cute. I'm gonna have to take a picture. It looked like I threw it up. I love it. Something you would see coming out after a surgery. It does look like, maybe it could be my egg. It could be your eggs. One of my two eggs. One of your Two floating eggs. No, it's beautiful. So Pantone. That's so thoughtful. So while I was watching Love Island, I did this. How'd you do it? So Basically I thought this was very well known, but my roommate looked at me like, how you look at me when I say Cordran.


Where I was like, You know when you make a pinata with a balloon. Do You know what I'm talking about? Okay. I've heard of it. I've heard of it. We did this like in elementary school. No child who grew up in Quebec in the nineties didn't make a pinata out of balloon and then newspaper. And then you make the glue out of flour and water. Oh my God. Yes. And then I bought the color, the pinkstone color, and then these little like pom ponds to make it kind of weird And pretty, pretty cool. And inside the pinata. Woo. So it's a words of affirmation pinata. Oh, should I explain it or should I let you open it? Do I have To pomp it? Well, I didn't bring like a big bat. 'cause I thought you wouldn't wanna put a blindfold on so you could make like a little hole with like a knife.


And then inside there are words of affirmation about you. And so the idea came from Erica who in the comment said you should make a pinata. And then we were going back and forth. I was like, oh my God. We should include everyone saying what they love about Monica in there. And then Erica was like, and then for the year anniversary, for all of the listeners they can send in what they love about Synced. And then I can make the pinata for next week maybe. Oh, Erica's gonna make the Erica is like Volunteered to do like a Synced pinata so that everyone can write in and then we can open it on air. I love that. That's so great. It's so thoughtful.


So If. People wanna write in. Erica has an amazing company. It's called the Know Who's. You can find it on Instagram at the know who's, you'll see her on there. And so maybe Erica can post like submit here. Yes. And you guys can go there and say whatever you wanna say. Try not to say mean stuff if you can. And maybe actually we can open it on the anniversary of our egg freezing. Oh That's a really good idea. Aw, I'm gonna cry. And that's in August. So there's a little time. Okay. That's fun.


Support for SYC comes from Rocket Money. How much do you think you're paying in subscriptions every month? The answer is definitely more than you think. Yeah. And too much. Too much. And it's almost overwhelming to even start to think about it. Yeah. Over 74% of people have subscriptions they've forgotten about. And we definitely did. Yep. I bought like four subscriptions For the same thing. No, I went different places because I wanted to watch the Academy Awards. And. I kept buying them. And then I was like, what is going on? Where are the Academy Awards? And then I would buy a different subscription service. And I was like, where is it? Yeah, I did this like four times. Yes. And then I realized it was the wrong weekend. Oh right. Yeah. And then it's for nothing or And then I have not, I was like, I didn't know. You still can't watch it. Yeah. Yeah. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that finds and cancels your unwanted subscriptions. It monitors your spending and it helps lower your bills so that you can grow your savings and use it for what you want. Yeah. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of $500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all of the apps features. Stop wasting money on things you don't use. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions by going to rocket money.com/sync. That's rocket money.com/sync. Rocket money.com/sync s ync


Support for sync comes from skims Skis. I Get smiley when we talk about skims. Me too. Because I love it. I get fluttery. I love it. Okay, so I have a skim story. I was wearing the soft lounge tank and boxer, which I got the idea from you to pair with like a white button down Button Down. Cute. And I went like to the grocery store. Like it was like You know when like you put your hair even inside the hat. Like my hair was such a mess. Like I was just like literally like I need to go get my food. And I was like eating, I was like mid bite in this big donut coming outta the grocery store and this like bus driver like stopped me and he was like, you look absolutely amazing. And like gave me this like such a sweet compliment. And I was like this set Slaps. It really Does. Yeah. Yeah. And again, it's like, who would've thought that that would look good? Like that wearing sort of lounge can look that elevated and that skin. So cute. I know. I just bought another one of the lounge sets. The lounge tank in Boxer. I bought it in pink. Oh my. Now I Have to get it. You have to get it. Shop the Skims Soft Lounge collection@skims.com now available in sizes X Xs to four x. If you haven't yet, be sure to let them know we sent you. After you place your order, select Synced in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows.


Okay. So Here's your pinata. Oh my Gosh. It's so pretty. I feel bad popping it. No, do not. Can't believe it's Pantone. Oh my God. Shake it. A SMR. Hey, I am gonna pop it also. This is so funny 'cause our presents are very Synced. Really? Yeah. Stop. Okay. Hold on. I'll be right back. Scissors. Okay. I just think it's more dramatic with a knife. But scissors probably safer. Yeah. I'm scared. Okay. Ready? Go. Oh, I feel so angry. Wow. I'm sad.


Injured. Should I pull it apart? you aren do it here. Wow. Oh my God. Pinata. Oh it's so cute. Paper. Who knew? It could be so fun. I know. Exactly. Should I read it or no? Did I save it? I. think that to you. Oh, this is so sweet, Liz. Oh my God. I'll read one. Oh this is from Ruthie. You really went. You, you, you. That was so sweet. This is from Ruthie best friend Erin Wheatley's wife. It says there's nothing. I live more than sitting at a wine bar and talking about life with Monica Padman.


How sweet. Oh this is so thoughtful. Wow. I wanna keep reading them. But also I'm like, do I spread it out? Yeah, that could be cute. Spreading it out. I need a little like pick, pick up. A little boost. I feel like I'll just read 'em all. I won't blame you. You are the mightiest of all mice in the biest of pit bulls. Dax, I love Monica so much that I have a shared note in my phone of Monica's musings that I can't wait to add to during a lifetime of hangs with the very best hang. Ugh. Oh my God. This is too much. This feels overwhelming. Aw, I'm gonna stop now. I love it though. I love it.


You are so loved. Okay. It's your turn. Oh fun. Okay. It's two parts now why don't you open the part that you had to wait for and it's the part that is a cheat. Okay. It was bought 'cause Yes, it was bought paper box. And. I did not wrap it. Which is not like me Boo. Wait Monica, how did you do this? Monica. Monica. Chips for chips. I'm deceased. Actually. Tell people what it's, Oh my God. Sorry. I'm so speechless.


Monica made me a personalized Lays potato, chips Synced. Happy. One year anniversary edition of Lace. Of Lace. It's our cover art for the And it says Happy when year anniversary. When your anniversary. And now Liz is on a potato chip. Oh My God. This is which strange. The best day of my life. I don't know what to do with myself. I'm like really deeply touched. Yay. Good. I'm glad. Dude. What the fuck that is like the nicest gift I've ever received in my life. It's you. I How did you make these? It was on Etsy.


It just looked for like personalized chip bags because you deserve to be on a chips bag. This means so much to me. I can't believe this exists. It's also a little throwback to your favorite things. 'cause you said personalized Oreos. Personalized Oreos. This is beyond, I'm so moved. Yay. I'm so moved. This is Art. This is really pretty. And. I know that you used to put them in a Duo Tang Duo. Duo Tang. Talking about a throwback. So you could put one in a duo Tang. This needs to be exposed. Yeah. Like this is, It Needs to be framed. It needs to be framed and just preserved for eternity.


I think that's right. Oh, thank you. You're so good at gifts. It really puts everyone else To shame you. aren. This is incredible. No, like you are like next level. It's a little bit of a cheap, but I also thought it's kind of like paper. This chip bag is paper. I think it counts. Oh my God. Okay. But your real gift. Leave you. Oh, Your real paper gift is this. And this is very Synced Guys. If you have a friend like Monica, like this is I'm sure relatable. Just having a friend who's literally the best gift giver in the world is a gift and a curse. 'cause there's no way I could ever give you a gift that's as good. Oh my God. Okay. Liz, happy one year anniversary.


Synced. This podcast has been such a joy. A true highlight of the week. Getting to be silly, real, stupid, and poignant all at once is a true privilege. In this box there are nine cards labeled for different needs, occasions, emotions, et cetera. Read them accordingly and you'll get a little note from your Synced mate. If I was ovulating, I'd be like crying right now. Yes. So there's different cards. They're labeled. So what are some of 'em? Say open On a day, you feel less than And then there's a card. There's a card. So on the day that you feel less than, do you feel less than right now? No. Then don't open it yet.


I feel Great right now. I feel amazing. So yeah, whenever you're feeling like one of those things, then you look, one of them has an actual date on it though. Mother's Day And Mother's Day. Yeah. Wow. Open on a day. You need a cheerleader. Thank you. You're welcome. I'm so blown away. I'm so blown away. My God. Jesus. Jesus, Christ Superstar. Jesus, Christ, Superstar. Mary Katherine Paulson. Did Mary Katherine Paulson write into me? I should actually, now I'm like I fucked Up. I fucked up. Mary Katherine Paulson. You better write. Just Please write the stick To Erica.


Yeah. To the, we can Include you. We'd love to include You. Did I tell you that when I, I went live from Costco. 'cause I went to Costco for the first time. The day before fourth July. Mary Paulson. Mary. What's Catherine Paulson? It's Mary Kate c Paulson. Mary Kay. She was like, I'm Mary Catherine Paulson's friend. All caps. It's like become a whole stop. Yeah. We love Wait, we need merch and we need it to say Mary Catherine Paulson. Yes. We need it. We gotta get on top of that. I, I love this but okay. It's been such a beautiful year. Oh my God, it's so fun. My God. And I'm so glad we did our little paper gifts. Wow. I think number two is like diamonds or something.


Lemme double Check. Diamond Uhoh. Start Saving now. Start saving. Yep. Second anniversary gift. I think it might be wood actually. Let's see. Oh That's fun. I can't stop staring at my chips. Cotton is number two. Okay, interesting. We have a year to think about. Yes. A year to figure it out. And also thanks mainly to the Sink Squad. Yes. Who's been hanging out with us for a whole year and writing an incredible questions for us to just muse on. So lucky. Yeah. I feel like it's just the best group on earth. Anytime anyone comes up to us, it's just the chillest, coolest person.


The questions keep me up at night. And And I, I mean, again, not to sound cheesy, but sort of what we were just talking about all being on the same team. I do. I feel that like I feel like we have a little team of people who are on the same page and who are trying to be better. We're just trying. Period. Yeah. It's really lovely. So speaking of that, we have some new questions. Let's do some newbies. You look so hot. Oh, in the picture. Yeah. So do you. It's a great, Should be on every bag of That's a good picture. It's A great picture. Shout out Nick Rasmuson who shot our cover art. He also shot race to 35 for us. He did.


He's really good. If you're in LA and you need a good photographer, he's incredible. Okay, let's see what we got. Oh, okay. Oh, this is Interesting. I love seeing your reactions to questions. These are Great. What is the etiquette around having different condom sizes for a new partner? Laura? Hi Monica and Liz. Hearing your perspectives brightens my week and as a newly single gal, I am hoping you can help. My last partner was extremely well endowed, but a train wreck that's over. And now I have leftover condoms, full box sealed, unused in the regular size, but also Magnum and Magnum xl in a way it's great to be prepared with the range.


The former girl scout of me is proud. But what should I offer a future lever? Do I start offering regular And if he needs a bigger size reach in my drawer and solve that problem. And again, if he needs bigger than that, not sure if a gentleman would be as impressed as my selection of options or be like, what the heck was in you before and now I'm insecure. Or get misconceptions about my promiscuity. Especially if it's someone I'd wanna be in a relationship with. Do I offer the largest for their ego? But then would they feel bad if it wasn't the right size for them? Do I just throw the magnum and Magnum excels out? I've got my eye on who I hope will next be in my bedroom, who I'd love to be in a relationship with. So I wouldn't want my options for safe sex to spoil the moment.


Appreciate your take on this. Thank you. Wow. Great cue. Great Cue. Damn gosh he's seen his dick. I don't think so. I mean once you see it, Assess the sitch. You'll That's true. Just compare and contrast. I have my own. Isn't the hill I'll die on. but I do find it annoying that men aren't coming with their own conducts. That too. I'm like hmm. I know it's good protocol to have but that should be a just in case. Not that you're always having to provide that. Absolutely not. I think it's like Weird. Right? If you are or not weird but You're expected to. Yeah. And he knows what's best for him.


It's, it's even again, guys know what size they are. Size and what kind they like. I don't think it's up to you to figure out. It's good to have in case. But why isn't he showing up with condoms? Okay. So then I would probably say like, do you have a condom? If they said no, which is annoying, you could say I have some. If you wanna get one and then just like point to the drawer and maybe don't have the boxes. 'cause then maybe that looks like, oh my God, why does she have like so many boxes of condoms? Which by the way, I don't think you should be worried about looking promiscuous 'cause you fuck up. Are you're being safe. Exactly. You're literally like It's The, it's the opposite. Opposite. But if you have any insecurity around that, maybe just dump a bunch out and just Just Throw a bunch of condoms on it.


Yeah. In your nightstand or whatever. Just have some of each size. Yeah. Make that his problem. Right. I'd never met a guy who doesn't want a magnum. They're Lying to themselves. A lot of 'em maybe. I think there's a whole condom conversation that like no one's really having right now. Which is that people are not using condoms. It's not a personal judgment. I think it's just a observation. It obviously can have real consequences. You have to be extra careful now. I mean always. Always. But if you are in a state where yes, you cant protect yourself after 100%. It's so weird to me that a guy, yeah. Especially a red state won't show with condoms. I really hope he is not pro-life if he's doing that.


What do you think happened? This is A theory. It's so anecdotal. I think part of it is so many women have IUDs. Thankfully they're still legal and vote accordingly. But anecdotally, 'cause I don't have an IUD. Yeah, Me either. So I Use condoms and I've noticed, I think in the last maybe five years, it's almost like assumed with a lot of people that we're not gonna use a condom. And I'm like, oh yes we are. Like sometimes they don't have them. Or they'll say they don't really work for You know whatever. There's So many things that Right. There's so many excuse people say To avoid using them. but I'm always a little shocked at how freely people are sort of willing to do it. And yeah, I have a lot of friends who have told me like, yeah I know I shouldn't do it but because I have an IUD, like I think for me there's just a double threat.


And I kind of like that Again, I get in the heat of the moment. I mean, look, no condom feels better. That's my opinion. And apparently that's not true. But we all know It's like you do. What does that mean? It's not true. I mean I think it's like a thing that people say so that people use condoms and again, it's still pleasurable. And I. Think you can still have a great time and then not be stressed out about the consequences of not wearing condoms. Well it's not gonna be pleasurable if you're stressed. No. Oh God. I mean, yeah, I experienced that. Right. I think we've talked about This. Yeah. 'cause I just did it. but I was on birth control. Yeah. It does give You a little, 'cause when you're in the heat of the moment, you're not thinking in the same way that you are if you're not highly aroused.


And so I see how I would end up in that being like, oh okay. It's not that bad. Yeah, you're in this moment and it almost feels this is horrible. It feels like you'd be insulting them to like require it. And that's crazy. That's really bad old school patriarchal wiring. But it's in there. Well that's Why I'll just say like, do you want to have a baby? Like I'll just literally like when they like resisted, I'm like, okay, so And then usually that like Kicks them into gear. Yeah. Just stop whining. So coming back to the question, You know what I'd do. I would make a condom bowl with all of the different flavors and sizes and say like, here, you don't even have to say anything. I guess that's Sort of what I'm saying about the drawer.


Have it free flowing in the drawer. The bowl seems a little dramatic. Okay. Personally, a fish Bull. Like in your Apartment. Exactly. It feels a little creep. Dramatic. You know even though it's not, it's, it's all safety but it's like Ooh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I dunno that I would love walking into even a guy's apartment and then there was like a fish bowl out condom them. Right. you aren right. you aren right. you aren. Right. You're right. you aren. you aren. Right. But a drawer where there's a bunch and you can just sort of like gesture and say like, I do have some. You can take one. It's not on you. No. If he's just never showing up. Listen, we have so many jobs and so many responsibilities. Exactly. And so much money we spend on our reproductive Preparing, They can take on that role and responsibility.


Do you remember the episode of Friends where there's only one condom left and then Monica and Rachel play Rock paper of Scissors. When you saw it in 1996, I think that was Ross and Richard Six or whatever. Ross and Richard. Exactly. Did You know that that's what was going on? Because I watched that episode. And I was clearly too young. 'cause they never say the word condom. Or maybe I didn't even know what a condom was, but I was too young. I understood that one of them could have sex and the other one couldn't. but I didn't understand that it was because there was one condom. Oh, Interesting. Like I don't think they actually say the word condom. They probably don't. I think I did know. Yeah. but I was a late adopter Of condoms. Of friends.


You were. Even though it became my whole life. It started in 94. I was not watching it then. Oh, you Weren't? I didn't Know that. Okay. I started watching it when I was in I think eighth grade. So I knew at that point I think, oh God, that would be, I'm so embarrassing. If not, it's not embarrassing. That was Monica and Rachel going to get the condom? Yes. This is where we learned it. What the hell? Nineties. Nineties. Were different. We Have to work hard to change it. When you Watch Clueless, did you understand that the Was gay? No, I didn't understand anything. I didn't understand it. but I loved it. I Loved it. I loved it. I watched it on repeat. Repeat. But we didn't know what was going on. No. He says something and it's about her being on her period.


I didn't understand it at The time. It took me years before I realized, oh, he's talking about a period. Right. I was literally 30 when I, I was like, oh that guy was gay. Why her friend? Because she has Such a crush on love. You don't understand when you're eight years old why they're no longer like, and again, they never say gay. Oh, I think he said something like riding the crimson tide. What Does that mean, period? Oh see, I still Wouldn't get it if I watch Clueless now. But with my adult brain, I would get what they mean. Right. But when you're a kid, I remember my mom vividly of like washing friends. She didn't want me to watch it, but I watched it anyways. And then I would laugh at a joke and she was like, why did you laugh at that?


What was the joke? And it was probably a sex joke. I didn't get it. but I still loved it. So interesting with the laugh track on friends. Yes. 'cause then you're prompted to laugh. Yes. So maybe you aren reverse engineering a little. It's like, oh that was funny. Why? It just goes to, it Must be sexual. How good those stories were like that. It was just so good. Even if you didn't understand what's going on. Totally clueless. I know. The fact that it hit a generation. Yeah. So many generations but majorly hours and we didn't know what half the things were. That's shocking. What a feat. That's incredible. Yeah. Paul Rudd, he looks the same. He Looks the same. It's crazy.


Synced is brought to you by Fatty 15. We're all about science. Yep. We're all about being healthy. All about supplements, all About supplements. And C 15 is the first essential fatty acid to be discovered in 90 years. And studies of confirmed that it's three times better, broader, and safer than Omega-3. Omega-3 is great. But studies show that C 15 is even better because it replenishes our cells with that essential C 15 nutrient. And that's where Fatty 15 really helps repair our cells and restore long-term health. Yeah. Better for our mitochondrial function, which we now know is the key to everything. Yep. It protects us against damaging free radicals. And then we have better metabolic liver and heart health, which is a big, big win. C 15 is the only ingredient in fatty 15. It's a hundred percent pure. So you don't have to worry about it being like mixed with other stuff. Yeah. Which for supplements sometimes you have to worry about. Yeah. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your C 15 levels and restore your long-term health. You can get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to fatty fifteen.com/sync and use code S ync at checkout.


Okay. This is interesting help. I just found out I'm pregnant. Congratulations. Wow. But my friend signed us up for a wine tasting to celebrate my birthday. What do I do? It's from anonymous. Oh. My husband, And I just found out that we're pregnant with our first baby after three years of infertility and trying to conceive. And of course we are so happy. But trying to keep it a secret until I reach 13 weeks in just a couple weeks we're going on a cruise with some friends and we'll be celebrating my birthday. On one of the days at sea, I accidentally found out that my friends signed us up for a group wine tasting excursion as a surprise for my birthday when I logged into the cruise app. They know I love wine and it's such a thoughtful gift. But now I can't do it and have no idea how to turn them down without giving away the fact that I'm pregnant.


If I tell them outright, they'd know before my mom and the rest of our family, which is not an option in my opinion. What excuse do I give? How do I get out of this? I think about this all the time. I have one word for you. Antibiotics. Just tell people you're on antibiotics. Oh, I would do that when I stopped drinking. And. I felt weird about it. 'cause in New York, LA's different LA in my experience, tons of people are sober. Tons of people are driving. Like if you don't drink, it's like totally normal. And in New York, basically I would just get peer pressured. Again, I didn't require a lot of peer pressure, but you get more questions if you say you're not drinking. And it's just like, so I just would say, oh, I'm on antibiotics. I can't drink. No one's. Like, come on dude. Don't Make, I can't You sick. Like so it's just an easy thing.


You don't need to like say more and people understand and it just taps you out basically. Yeah. I like that. I need you to say more. This just requires a straight up excuse or lie. I'm tempted to say, you'd say like I'm taking a break from drinking. But that doesn't make any sense when you're going on a cruise. No. And it's your birthday Age. Exactly. So you can't say that If I was in her position. You really don't want people to know. 'cause you don't want talk about it. Absolutely. It could be so Devastating. You do not need to tell anyone this. Yes. If I was your friend, I would want you to lie to me. Yes. And. I. Just think saying the thing that raises no questions is very neutral. There's no like, it's just like, oh, I'm on two weeks of antibiotics to get rid of this UTI, whatever.


I can't drink. It sucks. I hate it. And again, I'm sure you are bummed. You can't do it right. So I would just be honest, be like, Ugh, I'm really bummed, but I won't be able to drink. Can we do something else? Or you Can go. I have Thoughts about that. You do. I mean, I'm not deep into no longer drinking. I still do the same things. But when it's prolonged, no, it's a whole day. And that's the central focus. If I was with my friends, I'd have so much fun anyways. I'd probably do it. But it just makes me more creative in terms of activities. But if you wanna do it, you should Do it. Yeah. I think that's a good excuse. I haven't heard that one. I mean also I know friends who've like they'll order a glass of wine and then like their husband will drink it and they'll like pretend like they drank it.


One of my friends came over for dinner. It was a dinner party and she was newly pregnant. There would be like no reason for her not to. So I poured all the wine. And I. Don't know how it happened because her husband is sober so he definitely wasn't drinking it. But maybe he took the glasses to refill and then like poured some out. I don't know. It's too Risky for your mental health for people to start wondering or say something. I'm Gonna, it's gonna be so obvious. 100%. Again, UTI also uts are so common. And again maybe because it literally would happen to me a lot in my twenties. 'cause I got UTIs every two seconds. Oh. I think on my birthday once I really, really couldn't drink. 'cause I, I don't wanna make this any worse.


You're Also just better than me. Like I, I've drank on antibiotics for sure. When you have a UTI. In college I had this crazy kidney stone slash kidney infection slash bladder infection. They like kind of, oh my god. Didn't really know. But then I was like You know peeing in the strainer and it was a disaster. Yeah, it was. I've never been in so much pain in my whole life. That sounds horrible. It was so bad. I went to the hospital and then all to say I was ended up on antibiotics and then I was fine. Like I was fine on those. And a couple days into antibiotics, it was my birthday. And in college we had these huge blowout house parties for all of our birthdays. They were so fun.


And my birthday was always the beginning of the year. It was the first one. It was so fun. I was like, I have to drink. Yeah, you drank. And of course I drank And I. Think we asked like my friend's mom was a nurse and she was kind of like, eh, it's fine. I guess It depends on the antibiotic. I mean of them. What it does is make it less effective. It makes it less effective. Exactly. Definitely shouldn't have done it. but I was fine. I mean you don't have a kidney stone right now. Basically like the point is no one's gonna bully you For not drinking on Antibiotics unless your friends are frat boys. Usually people are like, ah, that sucks. And then you don't really have to like answer Anything.


Say anything else. Yeah. That's a good excuse. I think it's the only excuse. Like, I don't know what else you could say. I mean you could say you have candida. That's why I start, I stopped drinking at the last summer. A lot of women know what it's like, But they might be like just one color. Yes, that's true. You did That. I'm sure I did That. You might get that. But you can say, no, I'm having so many yeast infections, I really wanna get rid of it. Or again, with this antibiotic, I just really wanna get rid of this infection. Okay. I like that. Also, it's Your birthday, so like people want you to have a good time. Yeah. Like if they're focused on like them drinking, just coming up with again, whether it's antibiotics or you have candida or You have like Vaginal health issues, making it very short and sweet so that there's no Holes.


I think that's good. Okay, let's do one more. So exciting to be pregnant. Yeah. Sending you lots of love and good vibes. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. This is interesting. Is my husband wrong for not helping a female employee? Lift a heavy box. Caitlin. Hi Monica and Liz. My husband, And I recently and impulsively bought a new tv. When we went to the store to pick it up, there were two employees, one of which was female lifting the very heavy boxes into our car. The female made a couple remarks about it being heavy. And I was surprised when my husband didn't hop out of the car to assist her. This came as a shock to me as my husband is a very traditional southern gentleman.


I immediately felt embarrassed but didn't know if this embarrassment was because of my husband's lack of action or the guilt I carry around. Anytime we make a large purchase, my husband has a very successful career and we are able to afford things that I've never been able to afford before. I know this is something I struggle with. So am I crazy for expecting my husband to help an employee do her job? Or should he have gone the extra step and helped her? I think both can be true. I think you might be like sitting with like Ooh, that was a big purchase and so maybe you're feeling a little off or in your head, especially if that's your background. That makes total sense. but I think the him not helping is its own Yeah. Thing. And this is complicated in a way. It shouldn't be. This should be easy, but it's actually complicated because to me, yes, he should have helped her.


And then also it's like women can do everything by themselves. They don't need help. A man's coming to help me. I got this. I feel the same way. And if I was hurt, I would be like thinking about this for days. Like I would be haunted by this. I totally understand how again, you're like, wait, what does this mean? Why didn't he, it would gimme like the ick. Like I would just be confused at the same time. Just interviews I've done with men for my book. There are a lot of men who now don't do traditionally chivalrous things for women because they think that the woman will be offended because it means that they don't think that she can do her job on her own.


And so when I remember that, it helps me because let's be honest, in 2024, women are encountering men who fall short of our expectations all of the time. In this particular Yeah. Department. It's hard when it happens to me, I like take it very personally or again, I'll make a judgment on the guy, but then I catch myself being like, oh, maybe again, having talked to some of my guy friends or like even like one guy once was like, is it sexist if I pay on the first date? And I was like, no. Right. Like how Is this the message? But they don't know. And so they often would just freeze actually. Yeah. And they'd rather do nothing than do something that's wrong. Right. Or do something that would offend not to sound like a Chad wife, but I do think that people are very afraid to do things.


Oh, In general. Yes. Everyone's afraid for good reason. Also for Real reasons. Yeah. People are get offended, people get upset. And, I think particularly there are a lot of men who are just doing nothing. I think it applies to like a lot of things. Even like national conversations around women's reproductive health. Yeah. And just things where you're like, wait, why aren't you protecting me? Why aren't you stepping up? And they just feel like, well, if I say something, I'm gonna say it wrong. If I do something, I'm gonna do it wrong. It's weird to even say, I want protection from a man. Even though it's true. I want it. If it makes me sexist, Like I know exactly To pull this even more back. If we were together in this car and there's two women who are struggling with something heavy, I would go help them regardless.


Obviously if it's a man, it's even more visible and clear that there should be support. but I would help them. Maybe I think I'm a better person than I am, but I would just be like, oh, do you need help? You could just ask. Yes. And then it's not just like, here I am coming to the rescue day. Yeah, saving the day. A man's needed here, but if they need help they'll be like, yeah. And that would be the part that I'm like, why didn't you at least offer? But also we don't know what maybe he was thinking about the rose that was happening in his head in that moment. Maybe he saw something on his phone from his mom. He's off in his own world, who knows. but I do think if I was in that situation and my boyfriend was not helping and they were struggling behind me and he was just like, not paying attention, this is just my personality.


Yeah. I'd be like, Hey, I think you should help him. Yes. And then I would say, do you guys need help? Right. And then offer and then of him up. Exactly. And then they're like, yeah. Then go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go, go. Don't help him. but I don't know if that's just a specific personality type. It's not rude, is it? No, I really don't think so. I mean, I understand why maybe she didn't say anything in the moment 'cause she was like expecting him to do it and he wasn't do it. So I understand the like delay there. But Yeah, I, I would do the same thing. I'd just be like, do you guys need help? Also men love, I know that moment be useful. And that's why I have another question. Like this is such a great question 'cause there's so many layers of the onion and to peel.


When you see a man struggling or like particularly an older man that needs help, I go to this coffee shop. Well I don't wanna expose this guy. He's probably not listening. There's this like 90-year-old man who goes to this coffee shop that I go to. He has a cane. He's very independent but definitely a senior. Yes. I think if this was a woman, I Would be opening doors. I would be, and when it's a man with a cane, yeah. It really then becomes this weird thing of like, is is he going to, again, it's such a gender thing but in the other way. Right. Where is this going to emasculate him? Because I'm offering help And I hate that.


I hate that. And the thing is, it probably does, talking about national debates, this whole existential question on what Of a certain age can do. Yes. Yeah. That we will not name like, I don't know if this was a woman. Like there's a lot of ego attached. There's so much ego. Yes. But that's the part that I find infuriating. It's like we're all just not gonna physically help a person because of the fragile male ego. I feel the same. I'm infuriated 'cause it has national consequences right now. And like global consequences. But on a personal level to our point of men love to be useful. That's their moment where they feel like this is the thing I do. If they can't do that anymore, I think it really does fuck with 'em.


And even my dad, like my dad had a stroke and we left the hospital while I was there, the nurse had said like, oh, get up and how do you feel from a scale from one to 10? And at the time he was like, I'm a 10, it's great. And my dad was just like walking around like everything was fine. And we were walking home, which already I was like, don't you wanna call a car? Like, and two days later he was like, yeah. When the nurse said, are you a one outta 10? I said 10. but I wasn't, I was more of a seven. but I felt like I needed to say 10. It makes me like, I know, it's so sad. It's like women also don't wanna feel weak and physically unable to do things. but I think when men can't, it really is like existential for this. It's, that's really true.


But like I don't know how to fix that because we all just have to give men permission. Yes. To be fallible. It's to be weak. That's on all of us to do. It's so, it is so unfair. Yeah. That they are burdened with this idea that they have to say 10 or that you have to be 90 and like not able to open a door. But you have to let them open a door. That's our collective failing. Yes. And that there's something quote unquote weak about needing support and needing help. Like when the best people have people. Right. Like the best people. Which is like a whole then disability argument too of just like so many disabled women.


Obviously dating is difficult already. Yeah. And having a disability adds a whole other layer to it. But yeah, again, men told me like being disabled and male. Because if you're a straight woman and you're disabled needing help, needing support, a man might even be turned on by that. Whereas a man needing support from a woman, like it goes against these conventional norms, gender norms. And it's really difficult. It is. Yeah. We view it as Feminine or we view it as weak and it's not we All of us, we. Yes. It's not just men. We're doing it. Yes. Women are doing it to them as well. Yeah. Yeah. And all we can do is sort of control our role in it. But then circling back to this question, so maybe he was just like, I don't feel like I can lift it.


Right. That could be going on too. He doesn't wanna, I mean it's probably not, but what if And then we're like, you should be helping. What if he's like, I can't, but I have to 'cause I'm a man. I don't know. This is complex. Yeah. This Is like my favorite kind of question. 'cause it's innocuous, but it is so not, it is so deep. It's revealing of like so many important conversations or again, just norms and rules and like more mauras. Sure. That, Yeah. I like that. I haven't heard that word in a while. But yeah, I like it. That sort of guide our human behavior. And again, like the fact that I want a man that I enjoy a man doing physical labor, that probably means I'm proud of the problem.


I Think it's, it's the truth. It's your, it's your truth. And it's my truth too. I am the same. but I do often think this isn't good. This is part of your head tilt. Like I, I'm not helping. Okay. I feel weird talking about it because I don't want, I just feel bad talking about it. But it's so relevant to what we're talking about right now. So I feel like I'm gonna say, I was at a bar with friends and one of my friends, a female was ordering a drink and it came with this beautiful ice cube in it. And it was like shaped like a rose. And she said, oh my gosh, it's so beautiful.


And this random stranger, an next to her man older man was like, that's so gay. No. Yep. This happened in 2024. 2024 in Los Angeles. What? I know. I was like, did you time travel sir? Like I don't get it. I wasn't there for what happened. Like I was sitting outside and so she came back with her drink and she was really upset. She's also gay. Oh my God. The man didn't know that. But it's so irrelevant. It's like, wow. Who using that word as a pejorative? Oh my gosh. Currently is so upset. Is updated. I know. On half. Very upsetting for her. And she was kind of like, I don't know why I'm so upset.


And I was like, of course for one it caught you way off guard. It's upsetting. It's a pejorative about your identity. And I was like, this would be like if I was like, oh this is so nice. And someone said, that's so Indian. Ew. Yeah. I'd be like, what? I think she was able to hear when she could like remove it from herself. She was like, oh yeah. Yeah. That's awful. I was like, yeah, that's what happened. Oh my God. So that Was awful. And we were there with some other people and one of these people, a man got up, it felt like was gonna go approach, Confront. Confront. Okay. And of course we're like, no, don't. And that's true. It was like, no, no, no, no. Don't do that. That's not needed. We don't need a confrontation.


but I think what happens is this is on us. It's like, but I kind of like it. Yes. No, don't go but no do go. Go protect. Yeah. And then what couple terms of events and this person didn't end up approaching and so when they came back it almost was like a letdown. I relate. That's crazy. That was a letdown. Yeah. Because just need to go start a fucking fight. But we do innately want this protection and that's on us. And then I got snippy about it, which is my fault. But again, we're like requiring it of men and it's not fair. It's not this person's nature to get up and do anything.


And they shouldn't be forced to do something that's not in their nature because it's like fitting a gender norm. Okay. What if that happened? What if you were in a situation and it's your boyfriend and someone says something that's offensive or again that you're hurt and he doesn't do anything. How do you feel then? I feel fine. Unless I do think it's like a cock tease. If he like went up and went and approached and then came back and was like, yes, a nice guy. Oh, obviously that's a problem. 'cause then you just feel like your feelings didn't matter at all. It like wasn't enough.


I got there and then actually wasn't enough of a thing for me to say anything. Mm. But if they just don't go in the first place, I don't care. As long as they're like supporting me in the moment. Yes. It's wow, wow, wow. It is so complicated. Yeah. And this friend did say, he was like, I don't know how to say this, but it's basically like, as a man, it's hard to hear this type of pushback from us. Oh wow. Yeah. And I was like, yeah, I, I see that. Sure. What an interesting incident. One other thing I'll say is that I've been disrespected In public. I don't know why, but probably 'cause I'm just a woman living in the world. But yeah, I've had a few kind of events of yeah. Being grd or being touched.


And every single time there is a side of me that comes out that I don't even know who she is, but she is like out for murder. Like homicidal. That's great. If, if the, if, if it's a guy, if it's a woman, which You know obviously has not happened as much or literally has never happened. But it's just a primal Yes. It's like a primitive part of me that just goes like, oh no. And so every time it's happened, I've sprung into action. For me that usually feels good because then I'm doing something about it. But in two of a few of these incidents, I have been with men. And once I was with my boyfriend in Denmark, in Copenhagen and like this happened King, no King's friend. Oh, not that I ended up importing.


Oh my gosh. LOL. So I was yelling at these guys, And, I. Have I told you this story? Maybe I've told. Oh, I don't think so. Well these guys wrote me, I got off my bike, I sprinted back to them. It was like a group of 10 guys and like puffers on the corner of the train station. I don't know what I said, but I was like in that mode of like, I'm going to end you. You are so disrespectful to women and you can't do that and blah blah, blah. I don't think people should do this if you're making yourself unsafe. But every time that it's happened, the men do like realize, oh God. And they feel bad and they stop. But my boyfriend hadn't said anything. I was the one yelling. But he was next to me. And then when we walked away, he was like, that guy was holding a knife and looking at me and saying, control your woman in Danish.


And I know this is why I'm like, don't do this. Oh God. So all this to say that basically a woman confronting a man, obviously I'm not calculating the danger. And I should, there is a danger, but when a man confronts another man, it can get physical. It's so, it's a whole other thing in a way that like hopefully most men don't just like hit a woman and know that doing that in public is bad, whereas hitting another man or like, and so that's one thing I've learned is that in terms of confrontation, sometimes the safest thing a man can do for the both of you is actually not agreed. Confined. Yeah. So yeah, there's so many things at play. So many layers. Layers. And this question is like a whole, we could do a PhD.


Yeah. Thesis on it. Oh wow. It's so fascinating. Yeah. I'll be thinking about that for a while. Me too. Those Were great. Those were great questions. Thank you so much for writing in. Please keep writing in. Yes. And happy Anniversary. You happy? Thank you for my check. Oh my God. Thank you for my letters, Myana. And we'll see you next week. Bye. Bye.