
A hair race. Yeah. Because I feel like you cut it a cut. You cut it more than twice. As more as me. And yet yours is longer. Which, that's the thing I keep hearing about why you should trim. Yeah. I feel like we've talked about Yeah, that's the whole, that's what they tell you. They trim now to grow and now we know It's so pretty, so mermaidy. I do need a cut though. Same. It's time. Yeah. For a Little trim. I literally, before I left, I, I just almost impulsively just snapped. Oh Yeah. I forget you cut your own hair. Well, but I need to not, I think I need to like see a professional, but it looks Good. Does it? Yeah. I don't know. It's not great if you focus on the ends. Don't Focus on the ends. Okay.


Never focus On the end. On the never focus on the ends. Wow. That's a good life lesson. Only focus On the beginnings. On the beginnings and the whole, the middle Picture. And the whole thing. Yes. Not just the end. How are you? I'm good. What's been Up? Everything's great. I feel like I'm one of those people that's boring because people are like, what's going on with? And I'm like, no drama. Nothing's wrong. I feel at peace. I'm like, just compared to like last summer, I was taking stock of like one year. Oh. my God. I'm in a such better place than the last summer's. Great. And I'm very That's great. Happy about it's, have you been meditating? Have you been? No. How are you feeling? I'm Feeling fine, but I've been bad at our challenge.


Have You even done it once? No. No. It's okay. I, I have to be honest, I haven't, I feel like that's the meditative thing to Do is to be honest, Acceptance. Well, No, I still wanna do it. It's never too late. I'm gonna do it today. Do you Have like a party voice? It's like A little scratchy, right? Yeah. Like you had a fun time. I Did. I did have a fun time. I don't feel like I was screaming, but maybe I was screaming. I mean it was 123 degrees in Palm Springs. Oh. my God. I heard It was record breaking, records breaking. So maybe I'm just a bit drained. Yeah. Also I have an update. Oh God. Positive. So I got filler You did Yesterday.


It's like a little sore, but I got filler on my chin. Okay. And then he also did some Botox stuff. Not in my, for like, not for wrinkles, but to help sculpt that area. Sculpt Your cheeks. My bottom half of my face. Okay. Which is what I went to him for. What you wanted? Yes. Okay. And he was a great, I liked him and I like it. Contra Posto Clinic in West Hollywood. His name is Casey Welk. He's great. I'd heard about him from multiple people. And then he's also married to Nick Axelrod, who is a host of Eyewitness Beauty podcast. And he talks about it a lot. And him and I chat sometimes on dm. Okay. Did. And how do you feel? I Feel, I feel good. I really like it.


Can you tell? I can tell. You can tell. Yeah, I know. I'm like trying to, Can you tell or no? You always look amazing. Thank you. I can't tell No even when, you know. What about my profile? No. Wow. I mean, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, I think That's Great. I'm like guys, when they don't notice, you've cut your hair up. No, no. For me, that's I ideal. Right. Is for no one to notice anything other than just like, oh, she looks good. Yes. You always look good, but you look good now. I'm glad. I mean, so you had been thinking about it? Yes. I've been thinking about it for a while. I almost got Ella as people know about my journey with Kybella. Casey confirmed he didn't think Kybella was for me, so I'm glad I didn't go down that route.


And filler, you know, goes away. And for me it was, if I don't like it, You can dissolve it. So I was trying to hedge my bets a little bit. And does it Hurt getting it done? Yeah, it, they numb it and then they gave me the nitrous. What's nitrous? It's like a, it's Like laughing gas. Cute. Oh, you got laughing gas. Yes. Except I don't think I was doing it right. It wasn't put on me. Like they do at the, in the movies dentist. They did. Yeah. At the movies they have a machine and you like take breaths of it when you want it sort of at your leisure. Almost like A vape. Yes, exactly. Exactly. But I was like, I'm not doing it right. I'm not feeling it.


Oh, I didn't feel it at all. And the woman said, she was like, you know, take like a deep breath. And she was like, you'll be like, oh, that's it. But I And you didn't? No. That feels like it would be the best part. I know. And then also I was remembering like I could never really like smoke a bong. I've never smoked a cigarette. You've never smoked a Cigarette? No. In my entire life, that is the And. that is The most adorable thing I've ever heard. Oh. my God. Did you ever like Want To want to or were you offered? Yeah, I was around Say No. I just did not want to. That's amazing. And I also did have enough people in my life who weren't. So I wasn't like the only person. But I probably still, if I was the only person, I probably still would've been like, no, my dad smoked and he had to quit.


Yeah. And I saw him quit and I think I was just like, I didn't wanna do that. I get that. And Penn, once I started cheerleading and stuff, that was definitely like we were so we were on such a regimen. I Mean, should we get into it? Yeah. But real quick. Okay. So the Mitra oxide sauce. Yeah. I've never been able to do that. So I think that's why it's like, I think it's the same process. Yeah. Process. I've I don, you can't inhale. Have you? You've never had an inhaler. You've never vaped. You've never, I've never Vaped. Have I had an inhaler? That's a good question. Not that I remember, but maybe. So. I don't know how to inhale. I feel like that's good. I, I could teach you, but I feel like that's a bad influence.


How do you do it? Well, I don't know if I should be spreading a message if people don't. Well what if It's for an inhaler? That's important. don Don't know if I also have the right technique. I don't know if I'm like doing it right. But I didn't use to inhale when I would smoke weed or like my parents don't listen to this podcast. My parents are the only people I, I wouldn't wanted them to know this. But I did kind of become a low key. Like I smoked slims when I lived in Copenhagen. Oh You cigarettes? Yeah. So like, okay. And that when I look back at that time, I'm like, Oh. my God. I didn't smoke a lot. Yeah. But I like Had you had a face Facts. That's okay. Yeah. Was it part of your persona? Who were you being there? That's A great question. Who were you? Who am I? I was, oh I, that was a chaotic year.


Dark time. Like dark from the outside. Maybe no one. I mean that's when I got hit by the car in Berlin. I definitely just had a drinking issue. But I was so fun. Yeah. That people don don't think, and everyone was so drunk Around me That no one really knows. But when I think back I'm like, I think my parents were genuinely like worried for my safety. They should have been. 'cause you got hit by a car. Yes. If I would've been my mom I would've been too. But it was very formative. Like it was my first time being on my own. And after the car accident I was like, I have to re-examine my life. don Don't think the sink squad knows about the car accident. The car accident. I think you should maybe tell. So Tim, my really good friend who I was in Copenhagen with, whose wedding I'm going to in August? Yes.


Congrats Tim. Yes. Tim stayed in Copenhagen literally since we've been there, since we were 19 and is now getting married. So Tim and I were out. We decided to go to Berlin for the weekend. Mm. So fun on like a boat. I just remember like a ferry of sorts maybe. And how old Were you? I was 19. Yeah. So second or third year of college. And we go to Berlin. I mean this was also like run of the mill. Like we would Be, Every night was 10 out of 10. Like craziness, Obviously drunk, but like drugs. No, I never did drugs. Maybe there were dr people, other people doing drugs. Yeah. But not to like paint Danish people with like a broad brush. But it is like You can drink open, can Yes.


Open air. Like, and drinking very much a part of the culture. And so we were just raging and like costumes and like don don't know, just meeting. It was so fun. Costumes. Yeah. I met this guy called King, which was like my version of big, he ruined my life. Oh. So I got an apology text like six months ago from him. Yeah. It was really sweet actually. He was like, I'm sorry, we follow each other on Instagram and he sees some of the man enough stuff. And so he, he was like, I didn't know myself and I was so afraid of the feelings I had anyway. It was really sweet. That's Beautiful. Have you ever had a aMENds AMENds. AMENds aMENds?


Has anyone made aMENds to me like that? Yeah. No. Or like reached out Now that you are, I don't know. I feel like there's also a thing of once you're more public people don don't know. Oh. Are like, oh, I shouldn't have said that. No, no, I don't think so. I don't read my dms. Oh that's, That's probably for The best. No, but That's interesting. I don't think I've made one either. That's probably karmically why no one's made one to me. No, I mean maybe you didn't do anything horrible to Anybody. No. Like the little girl who had a big mole Oh. my God so bad. But we all made fun of someone with a big mole.


I have a person that comes to mind. Maybe I should make a men star. Oh. my God. Do You think that it's ubiquitous and everyone's made fun of someone with a big mole? A big mole. Someone's weight. You know, it was also the nineties. Like I know that was their game. I mean in a way that I really hope it's not now. It Also ca So it was me and a friend and it also came back to us. The mom found out she was the bus driver. This was such a nightmare. And we had to apologize. I think we also first tried to lie to get out of it. How? What was the lie Exactly? I don't think it, I think there was like no way to get out of it. I think we said somebody else said it.


Maybe. But we weren't specific about who, like we weren't throwing anyone under bus. Her mom's bus. Yeah. But I do think we tried to get out of it. But I remember this extremely uncomfortable conversation with the mom and, and I do think we apologized. So that was in the moment. But the thing is, some aMENds are tricky because I would never wanna find that girl with a big mole and be like, Hey sorry. 'cause she might be like, what? And then get re upset. That's a really good question. I think depending on how traumatic it was. But you're right. Is bringing it up. I think about this all the time with everything. Just with grief or with like, do you bring up the thing that's hard for the person to let them know that you Or do you just just let it go?


It go. And so that they're not, they can Move on. They Can move on and they're not thinking about it. I mean I've never had an amend that I didn't appreciate. I had like my bully, the bully that I had to like change schools. Oh. Because of reach out. It was like right when I started going on like M-S-N-B-C, like sent me this really sweet message again Very similar of like short and kind. I mean it doesn't make you wanna go like let's go get coffee. But There Is something nice about it. But maybe that's just me. How would you feel if you got a message from Yes, dairy Queen? Got it. I think you're right. It's only positive because even if yeah, as you say, you're not like, oh let's be best friends now. It provides some optimism for humanity.


Yeah. It's like, oh people have the ability to recognize their wrongdoings and try to make it better. Like that's the best we can do. I guess I'll publicly make aMENds here 'cause don don't know how to find that girl at all. I have no. Okay. Yes. Great. I was just awful. I was so mean. Obviously I was an insecure kid who, you know, at that age and even for a lot of people forever, like you just get so much pleasure in bringing other people down because you feel bad about yourself. But it was so mean And like everyone's doing it. I'm so sorry. It's, it's like a way to also connect. Connect with others. Unfortunately, I remember there were things that I, yeah. People that I laughed at or things that I, and when I look back I'm like, I didn't really care about that characteristic.


Right. Or that thing. Yeah. But I definitely went along with it. It in order to Yeah. Be part of the group. Part of the group. Well it's also like middle school, high school age where your social circle is life or death. And if you are just standing there not laughing or going along with it, you'll be kicked out. Yeah. Because then you'll make them feel bad and they don't want that. And it feels less bad because there's something about it being like co don don't know probably or It feels, feels objective because Everyone's doing it, one's doing it And it's obviously Not. And the dispersion is that the word of responsibility? Because it's not a one-on-one thing. You're just kind of one more person. They're already doing it. It's tough.


Okay, so King. Yes. I met him. So there's this thing called if there's any Danish people listening, Han basically like festival, which is the Danish Halloween, I can't remember what it is, but it's not on Halloween. And just everyone dresses up full on costumes everywhere. And you Love costumes. I Love costumes. Everyone Love knows best about You. I know why I'm bringing this up because I met him not on even on that holiday, but he was fully dressed as a king out, like just at a bar. And his friend was dressed as like a cow. Which again, so my type immediately we're hanging out. And so I met him that night and then like we found each other on Facebook and then it just is that core relationship in your twenties that like devastates you and sort of like just rips you apart.


And he was so just emotionally unavailable of course. And then anytime, of course I tried to break up with him, he would just be like, no, but like I like you. And then I'd be like, okay. But, and then I couldn't put down boundaries and be like, no, I think back, it's like so early twenties core for me anyways of just being kind of insecure and not knowing my worth. And I would hang out with all of his guy friends and they would fully speak Danish the no entire time. And I would just kind of like sit there, sit there. And it just was so ridiculous. But then I worked at the Har Rock Cafe. I got a job as a hostess where his best, one of his best friends worked. And then we started dating. Oh. But Like fully loved, like he moved to Montreal Oh.


For me afterwards. And then we were like in a full blown relationship. Wow. For like two years. So in the end we were friendly. But yes, I think back at that time and I'm like, and again I was watching Sex in the City for the first time. Exactly. Which I blame For everything. Talk about life Ruiner 100%. But Also so fun and so aspirational. How different do you think the world would be If there wasn't a show she had chosen Hayden Oh, my God. How many of us would've made different choices? That's a great philosophical question. I love that. Did you like Aiden? I did Me too. He was my favorite Me Too. What did you think about Big? This was my pattern.


I realized, and this was like Friday Night Lights, all of these shows. But there's like a quote Bad boy. Yeah. Which In this case big as the Bad Boy weirdly. But I never liked them at first. Like I'm very clear that they're bad and toxic and I can see it. And so I, I am not attracted to that at all. But then by the end I am. And that's bad. I get, or it's not bad. But it's definitely a pattern. It was the same way with Friday Night Lights. I was full-blown Saran Girl. Have you watched it? I have, yes. I was a Sarason girl. Everyone was a Riggins girl and I was like, what the fuck are you guys talking about? He's a burnout. Like what are you seeing here?


But then of course by the end of that show I was fully in love with Riggins and I was not really as in love with Sarason. Mm. He was like too sweet and golden retriever. Okay. I saw like a controversial post. Okay. That was like, he's not a golden retriever, he's just dumb. Well duh. That's what Is that means. I know, but I feel like people aren't being Honest, honest about It. Well I'm probably gonna get in trouble because I said that To me that's been obvious. 'cause what we're saying is they don't push back really. And they're just there to like cuddle and be kind. But I think if you are a smart person, smart means so many things by the way.


But I think if you are a smart person and a thoughtful person, you do have opinions, you do push back. You engage in a way that a golden retriever does not. Right. Which is why that is not for me. So It gives you the egg. Golden Retriever is not for me. That's like I, I, I actually, I don't want just someone to sit there. I mean I do love hair play so I would love if they did hair play on me. But I want engagement. I want challenge. That's to me the only reason of having a partner to Be challenged. No, There's a trust and a love. But I don't want complacency at all. And I don't want to be pacified.


Of course I want support. But not blanketly. No for me. 'cause I just don't need that. I think the unicorn guys do both though, right? Yeah, of course. That's the Goal. Yes. Because I think the whole black cat golden retriever thing, I think both are extremes on the, each end of a spectrum. Yeah. And in a perfect world, the people who have both, like I saw this Oh, my God, it was like the quadrant of dating, but I'm gonna do it wrong. It was like the two axes were evil and kind. Okay, Sorry. Smart and then evil. So, so smart and then not smart or dumb and then evil and then kind And they were like the dumb and kind are like the golden retrievers.


Like they're kind of silly but they can't really do that much harm. Then there's the unicorns which are like kind and smart, which are I think the guys that we're sort talking about. But like Who doesn't want that? What it was interesting is then the lower left quadrant is dom evil. And they were like, that's sort of like the guys who have narcissistic tendencies. Yes. But like they're not full psychos 'cause like they're not smart enough to manipulate you. Oh. And then the evil and smart are like The Those are the Worst. Yeah. And then it was like guitar players who hate themselves is what they said. Oh My God. That's really funny. And I kind of feel like that was, Yeah. Math That I needed to see laid out.


Support for Synced comes from Vega More. We love Vega more. We're always trying to do right by our body And that includes our scalp health and our hair. Yes. So to find a product that actually works and is made with clean ingredients, it kind of seems like a trade off. You know the products that work well do have a lot of chemicals. They have a lot of parabens. But with vaga more you don't have to. Yeah. And what's even better is Vega more's value kits. Like the grow essential kits where you really get to try like more than one product. Because again, I didn't know how great my brows could look until I started using their brow serum. And now when I run out I know tis And it's cute. Which we love. Cute. We can't help it. We love It's so cute. The the bottles are pink. They look great on your counter. Yep. We are very pro vega. More Give your hair the power of the little pink bottle with Vega. More for a limited time Synced listeners get 20% off their first order by going to vega more.com/ Synced and use code Synced at checkout. That's V-E-G-A-M-O-U r.com/s YNCD code Synced to save 20% off your first order. V-E-G-A-M-O-U r.com/ Synced. Code Synced.


That's good math. Honestly, I think that's math for women as well. Yeah, that's good. I think That's just people. People land in there. I mean, I won't speak for everyone, but I think the goal is to be smart and kind and kind. If You can And. yeah. If You can as much as possible. Yeah. And those people are great. And sometimes in your life I think maybe it's not immutable. So for You, how would you rank Myself? No. Oh, a partner. Like who you'd want. Obviously you want smart and kind first. Yeah. Now if that's unavailable, what are you Picking? Kind and dumb for sure. I just don't want, because I've had the two lower ones and it's life ruining for me or I've let it ruin my life.


Well, evil And dumb, but I prefer Evil and dumb over Smart and dumb. Yeah. Smart and dumb. I mean Smart and evil. Oh Sorry. Smart and evil. Which one have you encountered the most? Not for partnerships for me, but in my life I have a, a lot of smart and kind. Yeah. Which is very lucky. But yeah, I know I have smart and evil for sure. For sure, for sure. And I don't have dumb and evil, there's just nothing that would draw me there. Even though in theory, I think you're right that for partnership, that would be above smart and evil. But I, I'm never gonna fall into that 'cause like That's not interesting at all. Yeah. Like you that you're not smart so we're not talking.


Right. And you're bad. Like there's just nothing. There's No redeemable. Yeah, exactly. For me at least smart and evil is, I'm intrigued by how smart they are. Right. Minimally. But I would do, I would do dumb and kind second. Yeah. Yeah. I would. I think because Also You can get smarter. I'm getting worried that's not true. That You're gonna take evil and smart. Wow. Interesting. I Mean I don't want that to be true and I, I have that ability to choose. But okay, let's say, I think ideally smart, kind, kind dumb, evil, dumb smart, evil. But what my attraction right is, is smart kind first then smart evil.


Oh then, right. Honestly maybe really maybe evil dumb after that. No, I find evil people psychologically interesting. Like wow, what's going on? Like what? How they get the, it's just more interesting for me. Yeah, of course. But the smart evil people are really good at not appearing evil. That's the Lore. And that's what will ruin your life. Yeah. King you's Don't know they're evil. Well he, no, he was like dumb. He was kind of dumb and dumb. I don wasn't evil. Evil I. don think he was evil. I just think he was like, didn't know. But he was just like a hot 21-year-old. Yeah.


Guy, you know? Yeah. And that. I think he was traumatized because he had moved from the states. He was American actually. Oh. But lived in Denmark his whole life. And he moved when he was like six or seven. And then he was like, yeah, I don't remember anything about my life before What? And then I was like, don't you think that's weird? And he was like, I don't know. Like there was definitely trauma there and definitely no therapy. Yeah. But I've Dated definitely dumb and evil. You have. That's the person I was dating when we did race to 35 was evil and smart. Evil and No, but you just said dumb And evil. And then do and evil was the one before that. Really? Yeah. He would do manipulative things but then not be smart enough to cover it up. And so it was deeply unsettling.


It was so obvious but troubling to the level that of honesty that he would disclose about his dishonesty. don don't know. Like basically it was very honest about his dishonesty, which was very, I'd never experienced something that, And you don't think that was smart? Maybe it was smart, but No, it was like constantly being lied to and then him not being smart enough to cover it up. Almost like he would forget that he was lying. And so he would just say things that were, I don't know it it was, I'd never experienced something Like that. It was very disorienting. Yes. I think maybe there are times in your life where you're, you're dumb and evil of course. Right. Or you're smart and evil and You can move through the quadrants. Yeah. I hope all of us, and maybe they're in a different place now.


Only 'cause you've said it three times. So now I do feel the need. I say it again. Oh, Quadrant. Is it quadrant, Quadrant, quadrant. Yeah. Okay. Quadrant, Quadrant, quadrant. Quad. Quad. Oh, quadrant. Yeah. Okay. Quad means four and it means this muscle And it means like a dorm, doesn't it? Like the quads? Oh. Or like a Place. Yeah. I think a quad sounds Collegey dorm or like a common area. The quad. Yeah, like in college. But it also means four. In high school we had a group of friends. It was four of us and we were called the quad.


Oh, That's cute. It was really cute. Was it poor girls? That's adorable. Okay, sorry. So back to the accident. Oh God, king Was a part of the accident. No, I mean he was just part of that era. Oh okay. Of just like, I'm dating this guy who, it's those stories of like, I remember once literally settling for hooking up with him and then him like me out drunk and being like, I'm coming over and then getting to his house and he does not answer. Oh. And then two days later is like, sorry my phone died. Oh. Like truly the most. And then I probably still wanted to be with him. Right. You know what I mean? Like it was just one of those like wow. No.


So I was on a, a night out, crazy night out with Tim. We went to this gay bar, gay party. And then we'd done famously Red Bull vodkas, which I'd never done before. Okay. So it was 4:00 AM Oof. They were like, we're leaving. And I was like, no, like the, the night must continue. We'd met these guys or something. Or like it was like friends of friends and they wanted to keep going. So they're like, let's go to this party. I mean Berlin is so fun where like you have to like give a password and you're suddenly like, what feels like in someone's like living room, but it's like a bar. Oh. Like just like DJ in his underwear. So I get there, I'm hanging out with these people I just met. Eventually they leave and it's at that point probably at 6:00 AM and I'm like, no, we must continue.


Wow. So then I'm like at this party again, we met people there. This is where I'm like, people should have been worried for my safety. Right. Like none of this is safe. So definitely don't do this if you're, and so then I'm hanging out with these people I met at this party, I'm still drinking and then it's like 7:00 AM I'm like, I gotta go. I say goodbye to these guys I met, I walk out and the last thing I remember was I really want a China box, which was this Asian food Truckee. You get like cme, And. yeah, Whatever. Yum. It was great. So I was thinking about that and nothing else. And then Oh my God and then one thing leads to another and I literally get hit by this flower van. Oh, that was out I guess that morning.


I am on the ground. Do you have any memory Of what it felt like? Not really. Like I didn't see it just suddenly I was on the ground and then I guess the guys who I'd met at the party heard the accident and so they came back, one of them hugged me or something and I was like crying in this guy's arm. And then I, so I did like stand up. They said like, can we help you? Like, and I was like, I just wanna go home. I just wanna go home. I guess there was a cab. I get in the cab and I'm just sitting there. The next thing I see is an ambulance. Yeah. Like attendant opens the door of the cab and he is like, can you come with us? And I was like, okay. And then I get in the ambulance and then I'm going to the ho and then I called Tim. I tell him I got hit Oh, my God.


And then he thought I'd gotten into like a bar fight. Oh. Oh. 'cause And He's so drunk too. Like like two just awful, two 19-year-old idiots. And then he comes to the hospital. The entire hospital experience is a movie. Somehow it's empty. And it's just me and Tim. I'm dressed in like full purple leggings. Like I'm dressed like a, you know Oh, my God gray outfit. Oh my God. But I'm wearing this neck brace. There's like these photos actually from it. The nurse who's taking care of us for some reason has this like thick southern accent, Southern American Accent, Southern American accent. Oh my God. And he's like, you had a fun night. So gay. It was so funny and weird.


And then I just remember like a bunch of X-rays and tests and then they were like gave me pain medication and we're like, just you're fine. Get rest. So fine. Nothing broke. Nothing broke. I had whiplash. So I had major headaches. Yeah. For a few weeks. Oof. But they didn't charge me anything. That's the Oh, my God Best part of this story is healthcare. Like the German system and just anything that's not America. Yeah. Thank you. And I went back to work like maybe I took a few days and then we like boarded this ferry back to Copenhagen, I guess maybe to a bus to Copenhagen. Oh yeah. You're on vacation this whole time? Well no I'm living in Copenhagen. But yes, we were just in Berlin for the weekend, right In like a youth hostel.


And then we're on this ferry of sorts with like a bunch of families. There was a buffet and we stole the buffet Monday. Like we just got like free food and we were really happy about that and that's it. But then, yeah, I totally lied to my family. I was like, oh I was out at dinner. I didn't say this happened at 7:00 AM and like drunk outta my mind. I remember being like, this is very bad. I could have died. And then again, this is sad, but like I didn't stop drinking. I kind of told myself I would and then I didn't. Yeah. And in many ways like I really was self-medicating. Yeah. Like 100% undiagnosed anxiety. OCD like and like drinking helped me so much. Like I still remember the first time I got drunk, I wasn't even into drinking and I was kind of scared of all of that.


But I remember like being at a party and accidentally kind of getting drunk and then being like Oh, my God, the noise stopped. All of a sudden I'm at peace. And so it just became this amazing medicine for me and you know, a very not right way that created other problems but. Right. That's So interesting 'cause the way you just described it is the way so many addicts describe it is like the first time I drank, I like knew this was a feeling I wanted to keep having and quiet the noise is a very specific way of saying it. But then by the time I met you, I feel like you drank but respon like you never Yeah, I think two things happened.


One thing was work replaced it for me. So once I honestly, I moved to New York and there was so many exciting opportunities. I just worked weekends and it definitely quieted the noise in a, in a different way. Yes. And also I couldn't drink because I would be, I wouldn't be able to work a full day or whatever. And then I also think my body like I can't metabolize it. And I think like that's literally a gift from the universe where I don't feel well when I drink. And I think again, like I knew it was an issue, you know like when the guy choked me on that, that date, I had a few drinks. Again, I didn't do anything to do, I didn't do that. But I just realized when I'm drinking there are things that happen that I don't like.


And then I think last summer when I had those unrelated health issues where I really needed to stop completely, It was hard. But I think it was like a gift from the universe 'cause I was like, oh I can do this. And it wasn't as difficult as I thought it would be, which was really nice. But in my twenties I definitely had some, not interventions but like friends talking to me and I think that would, like I, I never received it really well but I think it affected me where I was like, okay, this is something I need to think about. Interesting. Did you ever feel like you had an issue with drinking? Yeah. I still wonder a little bit. I mean not, I don't think the amount is ever problematic how much I'm drinking in a time.


But the frequency can be a little like when I really look at it or if I have to answer like when the doctor's like how many drinks per week? Like then I feel that's a lot. But it is very confusing because for the most part, I mean every now and then, no. But I'm very in control. Like it's like two drinks and it's fun and it's, I've never been like I gotta keep going 7:00 AM like I've never been that. So it's a gray area. Like I think drinking in general is gray. It's not good for you, it's just straight up not good for you. It is poison. So why are we doing it? Is a question that anyone who drinks sort of has to ask themselves.


I think what I have stopped doing, and I don't miss this is drinking alone. If I am here and like, you know, I would like watch TV and have a glass of wine, which feels fine, right? And, but I think I decided to cut that out because then it was just, that's when it becomes habitual. That's my issue with it actually is more that it just quickly becomes habit as opposed to like Oh, my God, I get outta control or this happens or these are the consequences. It's none of that. It's just like, oh boy, like this is a habit. I've been doing this every day. You know? Yeah. So that's the thing I have to monitor is when it's transitioned into just like, well I'm just doing it 'cause I do it, not because I wanna have fun or have a glass of wine with pasta.


Yeah. To me it became clear that like when I don't wanna do it, I can't not do it. That was the thing for me. It was like, oh This is A problem. Right. That's interesting. And so I don't know if you've ever felt that, right? Like I feel like if you don't wanna drink, you don't drink. Yeah, I don't. And you know what's also interesting is don don't really drink much at parties. Like I'll normally have a drink in my hand and I'll take like some sips of it, but I don't like getting drunk at parties. Like which is where most people feel the need. It's like a social lubricant. Yeah. I don't have that. You don't, don don't really need it for that at all. I prefer it in an intimate environment.


Oh That's so funny. And what does it provide you in an intimate environment? Like what do you like about it? There's something like ritualistic about it that I think is lovely. Just like everyone's just sipping on this thing. And I've said this before, but I think for me it plays with time and such a very interesting way where it slows it down and speeds it up. But in ways I like. So I think that's what it is. Like when I wasn't drinking I would be at a place for 30 minutes and I was like, well I think it's nice time for me to go home now. Like I felt like I had done it don don't know. Time felt so slow for a while and I guess it depended on the situation when You weren't drinking.


When I wasn't. Yeah. It feels like I've been here for five hours but I've been here for a half hour. Whereas if I'm drinking time is like warped and I'll be like, Oh my God. We've been here for four hours. Right. That's So fun. I don know. I don't know, it's weird. I know what you mean though. 'cause I feel that on a social level now that I'm not really drinking. Like if I'm at a social event, time does go slower. You're more alert, you're more conscious. So you're aware of every conversation you're having of every lull in the of everything around you. Right? Yeah. And when you're drinking it's just things fade. Right? Yeah. So I know what you mean. And also being in a social situation takes a lot of energy.


Obviously some situations more than others. But I never thought about it that way. You put it really well. It does change time. I've been thinking lately about why am I in such a rush? Yeah, that's a great question. Turning 37 was like harder than other numbers for some reason. And I was like, I'm running outta time when I got time and I was like, why don't I make time go slower then if I'm so worried about time moving fast. Like why don't I slow it down? And not that we can slow down time, but it's all a perception anyways. Mentality. Yeah. Yeah. Instead of getting more activated and like go, go go. I gotta do all these things before time runs out. It's like why don't I do things more slowly so that time actually passes Like that. Yeah. That's interesting. I like that because Yeah, time feels out of our hands.


Yes, obviously. But it's not, I like that. Oh, package. Oh fun. Okay, let's do a few questions. Yeah, do it. We didn't get to your cheerleader pin Oh, my God. We'll we'll come back to it next week. The listeners should watch the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders show so that they're caught up for when we talk about it. Okay. How to get my father-in-Law to not call me honey. This is from Alex. I was struggling with this tonight and I thought about who to ask and I thought to ask the sink squad, my father-in-law was visiting this past weekend and he called me honey and then asked if it was okay in the moment my people pleasing non-confrontational self just said yes. But really I'm not comfortable with it.


We aren't close and I generally don't care much for any man calling me honey. How do I let him know I don't like it. Oh, I relate. Ew. Yeah. What would you do? It's so sad. But I would just like suck it up. But I don't think that's the right, I agree. I would do the same. Yeah. I would just like compartmentalize it. I did it and hate it. No, but I don't think that's the right advice. No, Absolutely not. I mean, come up with a new nickname, like focus on the positive instead of saying what he can't do, create a fun nickname for him to do. Like how About this Instead? Yeah. Nicknames can literally just happen from a conversation. So like next time you have a conversation, hopefully something comes up where let's say he's like, you make chocolate cake. Like, oh, why don't you call him?


And I mean, don't let him call you chocolate. That's not better than honey. But like yeah, I would give him a new, a chocolate cake or you know what I would do. Definitely being direct is better. But you could also talk to your partner Husband. Yeah. And then say like I said that I don't feel comfortable. So maybe You can say You can talk To him. You can call her honey. Like I'm uncomfortable. Like not even making it about her but saying like, oh call her something else. Not say that you talk to him or anything like that, but say like it's a little weird. I kind of like that also, if you do wanna have a direct conversation, you could say, I appreciate so much that you asked me and it's my fault that I said yes to this. I don't really know why I did that because it does make me sort of uncomfortable.


So can we pick something else? And so like you're taking responsibility that you gave permission for this. I think the fear is to create embarrassment for him. 'cause that's uncomfortable for everyone. But I think if you are like, you did the right thing, you asked me and then I fucked it up. Yeah. Now that it's happened a few times, I actually do feel kind of weird about it. Yeah. And You can say like, 'cause my dad calls me that or Yeah Because John calls me that You can give a reason maybe 100%. And it doesn't have to be real. Yeah. I think all of those options are good. You're not stuck with this. You're not honey for the rest of your life. Oh God. And it just happened, which is great. If it had been a year or longer and is' been calling you this forever, there's no muscle memory.


Like he'll choose a new thing. Yeah. What's your favorite pet name? Well, That's such a good question. Well, I've told you this, I've always wanted people to call me chips and no one does it. And I'm sad about it, but I like monkey a lot. Monkeys cute. 'cause I loved monkeys when I was little. Yeah, That's, and no one has really called me Monkey Either. So Let's make these things catch on. What would be your pervert pet name? Well, monkey Is I think very cute, but maybe no one's done it because to me that's what I would call a kid. Oh. Like I call Delta Monkey. So maybe if it's like a romantic partner that feels a little childlike.


Oh yeah. And so that's like less romantic. But aren't all Pet names a little childlike? I guess so. Yeah, I guess you're right. They are. Huh? Pudding is also cute. I wouldn't hate pudding. Wow. That one's a, that's a deep cut. It is more ubiquitous than Chips For sure. I mean Chips is more like, I just want it to be my nickname. It's more of a like, I just wanna be, I want people to refer to me as trips. Ooh. Okay. I can try you. Your face. It just doesn't seem natural, but I'll try for you. Okay, thanks.


Sync to Supported by Quince. Okay. It's summertime. There are trips happening. Yep. And I like having a specific summer wardrobe for my specific trips. 'cause sometimes there's themes. Sometimes you make a summer theme, you kind of wanna look like flirty and fun. And I like to look like bright and colorful. So I like to replen. Yeah. My closet a bit. And Quince is such a great place to go to. 'cause it has high quality vacation essentials. It's cute, functional and affordable. Affordable because yeah, sometimes when you go on vacation, you're already spending a lot of money on the plane ticket on the hotel and you're like, Ugh, do I really wanna spend a lot more on the wardrobe? But you will find like some really, really affordable fines that will make your photos and like, it's just more fun to go on vacation when you have these cute little Fits and you're excited to, to put on your clothes. Yes. And you kind of feel like a new person. You Do. And I got, I like, like a staple for the summer. And I got these onesies. I got them in shorts and pan version and it's just like my new summer staple. And it's so comfortable. They have the greatest stuff. Pack your bags with high quality essentials from quince. Go to quince.com/sync for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/s ync to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/sync.


What about you? I like, it feels embarrassing to say no kind of. No, But it's asking for what you want. Yeah. It's weird that this feels very vulnerable to say Yeah, but I like baby. Okay. In theory I like sweetheart a lot, but I don't know if I would like it in practice. Why? Tell me more. Because It's so long. Too many syllables maybe. Really? No, it's not the same amount of syllables. I don't know why it's too Sweet For you. Maybe. Yeah, maybe Sweetheart is too sweet. You're right. It is that it's too sugary or something. Yeah. You want something with a little bit more edge.


Yeah. But I think I want it to be unique to the relationship. Molly and Eric call each other mister her and it's so cute. It's such a cute little pet name. Yeah. That they that got created somehow you, you know, out totally out of just like some funny conversation or something. I don't know how it happened, but that's the ideal For sure. Yeah. I had a pit name from my ex, I called him Little Toast and it was from like a random Oh, my God. But it was from, we both were high and joking and like for some reason it just became like, you're a little like, I think I was like, you're so cute. You're like a little toast. Like don don't wanna eat you.


And then it just, he just became little toast and then it was just a whole Oh and only we got It. And did you call him that full thing? Yeah. Wow. Because I feel like if I was you and I, there was that funny joke. So funny. It would start off as little toes and then it would probably turn into toes and then it would turn into like toasty. It wouldn't More, it would be calm. Right? Maybe we weren't together long enough for it to Evolve. Okay. I'm trying to think of the people around me, what they call each other. Kristen and Dax do a lot of hun and Honey. I think Ryan and Amy do a lot of Babe. Babe. Yeah. It's weird that I like baby over Baby babe. I know. I really want to Focus. Get in my head.


Focus On that. Yeah. It is weird. That's the Sweetest. I mean, sweetheart and babies I, I know Baby's even more. Maybe you need it to go hard. Like on each extreme. You don't want the in-betweens. Maybe sweetheart isn't sweet enough. Maybe that's what's happening. I think it is pretty telling because I'm like strong and I'm independent. You know, I feel fine on my own and all that's really true. But I also like protection. Yeah. Me too. And I like feeling safe with someone. And so baby is a little bit of like a baby is only there to be taken care of and they need protection.


Someone calling you that is like, I'm here to protect you. Okay. So I think that's why I like it. And would you call them baby too, Huh? Yeah, probably when they're sick. And so it goes both ways. They're feeling. Yeah. But I don't know that that would be my constant nickname, but it would be in moments of tenderness I think. You know what I mean? I do. I Also say love a lot. Like I, I say that to the girls a ton. Even friends, like that's a common one that just pops out of my mouth. So I bet that's what I would be doing. It's so fun to have little pet names. It is fun.


Chips, Chippies, chippies. You don't have to do it. It could be a separate one. I'm gonna see how it feels next week. It's cute because it's you. Chips is very you. But I think it's hard to give yourself one. It's it's not. It's not how it works. And that's why it hasn't caught on. If I just kind of like approached it in a different way. But because I've been overt, it's never gonna happen. Which is fine. It's fine. Okay. This one's quick. That goes with my husband's initial. Cute or tacky. This is from M Dear Monica and Liz, I love your podcast and appreciate all the style tips and advice you share. I have a question about jewelry trends and would love your opinion. I've been seeing some really cute initialed jewelry lately and was thinking about getting a necklace with my husband's initial on it.


I know some people wear jewelry with their own names or their kids' names. I don't have kids and I think it could be a sweet sentimental piece to wear occasionally. Do you think this is a cute idea or is it a bit tacky? I love to hear your thoughts. I love it. I love it too. I think it's really sweet. Also, if you love it and you like the way it feels on your body, who cares what people think And if they think it's tacky, you don't exactly like It. I have friends who their wedding rings is their partner's name Engraved. It's Like a ring that says something. Or like the ring is the letters of each other's names. Interesting. And I think that's so cute. He has like a Lisa ring. It's so That's Sweet. Sweet. Also, do you know there's a common trend for a while that has the partner's fingerprint on the inside of the wedding band?


No. Which I think is very sweet. Oh, so fun. It is fun. Do Whatever you want. You're on love. I know. Like do whatever the fuck you want. Enjoy It. I agree. Yeah. Didn't Travis Kelsey have Taylor's initials? He showed up with a bullying doubt. Oh really? Taylor Swift. Yeah. Ts Aw necklace. After there was an engagement, Matt Healey mud Hayley got engaged. Oh. And Whatever the timing maybe is not on purpose. Oh Wow. Around that time. Okay. It's interesting timing. But for them they could just do t. It's also them. It's so perfect. I know t and t At t, you know their one year anniversary is really close to sinks anniversary.


Oh. my God. Of course. Of course it is. It All just happens. I wonder what they're gonna do for it if they're gonna do what paper thing they're gonna do for each other. Right. Because We have to do a paper thing, Right? We Do for next week. Right? Oh God. Okay. We have to do a A gift out of paper. Yeah. But we're gonna ask people. Yeah. To give us ideas. But yeah, I think we should do a gift add paper. Okay. Well we're That was So easy. Wear the necklace. Love the necklace. Yeah, I think it's beautiful and sweet. And if people have opinions, that's their problem. They're just jealous probably. Probably. Yeah, I am. That sounds lovely. It's so cute. Yeah. Okay, let's do one more. Haven't received an invite to one of my best friend's weddings.


This is from Vicki. Hi Monica and Liz, thank you for taking the time to read this as I'm not sure what to do in this situation or who to go to. One of my best guy friends is getting married less than three months from now and I still haven't received an invitation. He was in my bridal party when I got married two years ago. He's been telling me about the planning and bachelor party he had and mentioned that the wedding is gonna be small. Is that a hint that I'm not getting invited? I saw one of our mutual friends and he asked if I was going and mentioned how he received a save the date, which I did not get either. My husband thinks I should straight up ask him where's my invite. But I feel like if I'm not getting invited then there must be a reason for it. Should I just let the wedding happen and ask after? To be honest, I'm a little bit hurt as we've been friends since we were 12. What should I do?


Because it's a tricky situation. Yeah. My guess is if you know that save the dates went out. Yeah. You're probably not invited. And I understand wanting to know why. Well, first of all, I wish she wouldn't talk about it in front of you. That's not that nice. But also maybe there's a reason that she can't know. We don't know the details. But my hope would be that what he said is probably true. They're probably keeping it super small and weddings are fucking expensive. And there's two people, not just him. Who knows why. I think you have to take whatever he says at face value. I think so too. Again, as a person who's not been to a lot of weddings, but from an outsider's perspective, 99% of weddings are about money.


That's my like perception that the decisions even I was struggling. I had two weddings this summer and I just couldn't afford to go to both of them. And so I was like riddled with anxiety about having to tell or just I felt that it was such a rejection or an emotional, like I'm choosing one over the other. Right. And it means this whole thing. And at one point I was just like, oh, this is just a financial decision. And I had to have so many conversations with so many friends, but they were like, people know that when they do weddings far away. Like there's always like, we understand if you can't make it. So I think the other way around is, is also true. Right? Obviously if it was just an emotional decision, I'm sure you would be invited, but this is probably literally a financial one. Yeah. Where there's just limited spots.


They have, you know, a budget. So he's had to make some hard decisions. I don't think we should read into weddings. And again, I've been to weddings where I was invited, but someone else who I felt they were even closer to wasn't invited. What goes into those decisions? You know, there's so many things. There are so many. Basically Like whether you're invited to someone's wedding is not a measure of your friendship. I think. Yeah. That's healthy. Even though it's totally normal to be hurt when you're expecting something And, that doesn't happen. I mean, for all, you know, again, like maybe the wife has gel, like not exactly that. I'm saying that this is a thing, but there could be a mil. Like it is not to, to take that decision and to create a reason that you've made up in your head is just gonna cause you make you upset.


Yeah, exactly. And you have no idea. And don don't know about confronting the person. Yeah. I just think this is a, you're probably not gonna the wedding or maybe sometimes you get an, I mean, right, A last minute thing. 'cause aunt whatever can't make it so you never know. But for now, I think I would assume like you're not going And. Yeah. Like make peace with that. Yeah. Make peace with it. Yeah. Like again, it's really easy to say this, but like to not take this personally and to like create a meaning. That's a story you've created in your mind. Yeah. Based on the information that you have. That's probably not true. Yeah. I agree. Okay. Well I think that's it for today. Yay. We will be back next week. We're gonna talk D, C, C and everything around it and it's her anniversary so we're gonna have presents or something.


We're gonna have something. Something. Yeah. See then. Bye.