
Hi Liz. Hello. You're gone again. You're always gone. I'm sorry I'm an absent dad. I never thought of it like this, but you really are an absent dad. It's making me think of something I wanted to bring up with you that I was thinking about this weekend because I was in Montreal visiting my family. I think Mila, my niece, said, oh yeah, you're like my uncle. And I was like, I am. I kind of identify more as an uncle than an aunt. Oh, tell me more. I'm curious if you feel this way. Obviously as a surrogate aunt, your brother doesn't have kids, but you do have many auntie responsibilities in your life. But I feel like I'm more, I guess aunts can also be inconsistent, just kind of parachute in and like bring a bunch of treats and like go to Six Flags or we went to the trampoline, not store, but kind of like it's just like a place filled of trampolines and like giving her ice cream and like all these bad things and I am nurturing I guess basically if I could just be an uncle, I would get a tent out of 10.


And sometimes I feel like as an aunt I'm not always up there like there's some notes. Okay, that's interesting. I get what you mean. Uncles like dads, I mean men are more playful. I think this is a incredible generalization. This is a big wide old brush, but it is also biological. They are like they roughhouse and they get down on the ground and play and a lot of women including me, hate playing seem whenever a kid is like, will you play? I am like, I have plans. I can't make it. You know what's even worse?


I say, yeah, let's play a game hair play and get out all your barrettes and your hair ties and your brushes and combs and then you can make my hair however you want to. It's a con. Okay. So 100%. And my game was like, let's play a game where you walk on my back. Yes. Like that's what I do. Like I'm just like kind of wanna massage Or like let's play pedicure or manicure. That's what I did. I was like, do you wanna get petties instead of playing pretend. And she goes along with it and she likes it. But I do think She'd rather play house or like play rough house.


Well then you are an aunt if you don't like playing. Oh Okay. Maybe I am. I guess. Do you feel bad that you don't like to play? Because I think that's what happens to me where I feel like, oh my God, she's only gonna be this age for this long and she just wants to have a good time. Like why can't I just relax and play? Like why can't I be fun? I don't feel bad for them. I feel bad for me, we're of an age where we can't even find joy in playing. That's sad for us. It's more when I see either of them playing. And the other day Delta took me up and she had showed me this big Lego thing she made and it was so cool. I was like God I can't relate to that feeling anymore.


That is sad. It is. And at the same time, do you think most parents don't like to play? Yeah. Okay. Parents weigh in in the comments. Please be honest. I do think this breaks down a bit. Again, traditionally, not always, but I think it does break down a bit gender wise. Although maybe it's also just how you grew up. Because I did not grow up playing with adults like my parents did not play. Although my dad would ask me to like pull his toes until they popped. Which sounds kind of creepy. That feels like walk on my back.


It is. That's the problem. They all tricked me into like, you know, rushing their hair and fixing their ailments and stuff. My aunt also, she's the original person who taught me about hair play as a trick. Yeah. She tricked me all the time. And so baby it's my background in history. But like Anna, she plays with the girls so well. Like she's such, she's so good at playing and I do notice it all the time. But also she's just, I think she's just a little more of a kid at heart. Although you're, you have on the scale, I think you're more of a kid at heart than me In certain ways. Again, you wanna go to Six Flags, you wanna go to the trampoline, you love Parades. Notoriously I love Like choreographies and dancing videos.


If we're making a video and we're like doing this crazy thing with costumes, I am into it. But Legos, I would kill myself then. I'm just alone with my thoughts. Sure, okay. Maybe we need to develop our sense of play. I like that. I think I've converted my sense of play because my parents never played and I, my brother wasn't born till I was eight. I did a lot of solo play, a lot of imaginary. I mean I also had a lot of friends and we would play, but I was very comfortable on my own with my imagination. What Would you do? Where would you go? Everywhere. Everywhere? Yeah. I've been all around the world.


I mean I would play house since school and stuff, but by myself. Everything was imaginary. If you think about it, it's kind of a life hack your imagination. Like you can do anything with it. What are we doing? Not using it. When You say Legos and being alone with your thoughts, that doesn't scare me. Like being alone with my thoughts does not scare me. I'm totally alone with my thoughts all the time. But do you Like it? It's like that scene in, was it the Mindy Project where her airplane, movie TV doesn't work and she's like, no, no, you have to fix this. I can't be alone with my thoughts. If you are faced with boredom, do you kind of try and get away from it or you don't mind? Oh That is such a good question because twice this happened recently where I thought I'm bored.


I haven't felt bored since. Yeah I was like six or something. And the reason is, and this was a good recognition, I told myself, I was like, I'm not going to work today. I like declared it. I was like, I'm absolutely not gonna work. Declaration of Independence from work. Wow. U-S-A-U-S-A. Oh my god. Pin. We gotta talk about the Olympics. I'm dying to know how You feel. So yeah, I was like, I'm not working today. And it was a weekend so I also didn't have plans and I was like what am I gonna do? I don't really wanna like go somewhere far. And then I was just like in my room putzing around.


I was like, I'm born. This is such a weird feeling. I realized that as an adult you don't really get bored because there's always something you can be doing AKA work or if you have a family's also work towards your family. 100%. Just being is very rare and I didn't like it. I wasn't like, oh my God, I'm bored. Like how fun. I was like ew, I'm bored. I need to do something. It can't be work because I've decided this so I'm gonna take my book and go to the Americana and read it. I do need stimuli. But it wasn't like I gotta go make plans right now with someone I like Puts around just as a general Word To bring back.


Did you see my post today? No, I haven't been on my phone. You've been invited to collab so you should love. Oh God. Why didn't you tell me? Well I just did it. Oh I have To accept. Wait Lu, That's our word. You are So funny. We invented that word. Oh you created This. Yeah, Erica helped. Stop. Yeah, I'm obsessed. Can I like my own? I mean, yeah, I'm a collaborator but I'm gonna like it even though I am liking our own post and the first comment is my fave episode in a long time. Oh, that's nice. Floofy, splooshy mer, Catherine Fal, falsy, floppy.


That's so funny. Erica. I wrote it out and she formatted it for me. Okay. There are so many skills on earth and it's good to remember there are so many skills. If you think you don't have one, you do. You just need to explore. I think because I was like, hey is there a way to create like a dictionary template for this word? And she was like, yeah, send it all over to me. I'll do it now. I sent it and she sent it to me and like one minute. No Way. I mean Erica is incredible and such a badass and does a million things I could never even dream of doing in my lifetime. I think I Could do that In, not in one minute, but I feel bad 'cause I could have done it for our post.


I feel, I feel like I should have done the labor but she is very, very talented. It's incredible. also I. Wanna get back to your point though because I do wanna know what is a skill that you feel like you have developed recently that you didn't know that you had? Like you're saying there's so many skills and like there are skills that you don't realize that you have. Like is there something that you were recently realizing like oh I'm actually good at this. I think mainly at this point I'm realizing things I'm not good at. Like it's all downhill. Downhill. Even though okay, God it's so many tangents, so many things. But downhill is a confusing phrase because downhill's actually easy.


And when people say it's all downhill from here, you don't really know what they mean. It could mean it's all good or it's all bad because going down is bad. Wait, you've just changed like my brain. I mean because it's always used as a negative. But you're right that we're going downhill. Let's go. That's the best part. If you say this is going downhill, you mean bad, right? Everyone Does. It's all downhill from here is never, I think some people who say it's all downhill from here mean it positive. You know English more than I do. But Yeah, I don't use that positively. Like it's all gonna be bad from Here. That's how I feel. But then I know people have said it 'cause this is what made me think anyway.


People weigh in, we should Change it. I think it should be, again, it's all downhill from here. Let's enjoy the ride. Yeah because downhill is the best part. I mean do you wanna go uphill? Fuck that. Yeah, I'm done with uphill. And if you're going downhill it implies that you've gone uphill before. Yeah, especially on a hill. It's not like they're saying it's all falling down from here 'cause that's obviously bad or it's not. It's all tripping your way down the hill from here. If someone falls and doesn't injure themselves seriously, it's only funny. Yeah. See this is how you are an uncle Because Are you gonna let people fall just so you can laugh? Oh No. I would never purposely let someone fall or cause it.


I think that's what's funny about it, it's when it's unintentional, I feel like we've already had this conversation because if I'm going through it I will watch a remix of those falling down videos and then I'll be fine. It's so funny you don't find it funny For me It's more you laugh because it's a jolt out of your regular routine. And so there's something about that that makes my body laugh. But I don't actually think it's funny. I think also because I get so embarrassed when my body fails me that when I see it happen I feel bad. Yeah. I'm like that person that probably feels embarrassed. Oh my god. So okay. Ding ding, ding. Olympics. Here we are.


Finally. Imagine if we told people like we plan out the show. We have blocks. This is all planned out. It's a very beautiful mind esque. That should be the meme for this week. Just us like Olympics falling down, schlepping around. Am I an uncle? But this is what happens though when you're far away. 'cause then we have too much to talk about. We have so much to talk About. Okay, but did you watch the beam finals? So I am gonna admit it. I was just doing get out the votes. I was very overwhelmed. You've been in voter mode And I've been not as extremely online as I usually am for that reason.


And so I missed all of the Olympics. Like I'm actually genuinely not kidding. I I, okay. The one thing I did see, and I won't be a spoiler by the time this comes out, I did see Simon own biles in second place Holding the hand. Yes. Of Rebecca Andra. I did see That and it made me cry. But other than that it's just been my mom telling me about it. And my mom is a very unreliable narrator. Oh no. It Could be False information. It Probably is. I can't really trust it. It's fake news. Did you watch it? Tell me about it. How did you, I mean I've been thinking about you 'cause I know it's so important to you. It's So important to me. As we talked about many, many, many episodes ago, I was upset with NBC's marketing as a whole because they were not doing enough to promote the Olympics.


But then obviously this got back to them, my grievance and they picked up the pace and then I started seeing stuff a lot of places and I do feel like people are watching the Olympics. I don't know what's happening with the ratings, I haven't looked into any of that. But just within my own life focus group, people are watching and paying attention and I am loving it. It feels so unifying. We really need it. There's a lot of hope in the world right now I think, which is really, really lovely. Or not in the world in America, but it Has ripple effects and there's been hope in other places Except not in Venezuela.


Ah is from Venezuela and she's struggling like it's a lot. They had an election but it's basically a fake election. Also there was an episode of the Daily on it and the reason it's important for us to pay attention to it is it can be us. We're not that far away. And I do think it's important for us to hear those stories 'cause we're like, oh my god, that's so third world or that's so out of the realm. It's not, they were totally normal until certain people came into power and has not returned 100%. That's where American exceptionalism can sort of nip her herself in the butt, right? Of just thinking we don't need to have any of these protections or our institutions can withstand anything and they really don't.


Do You think America's a girl? Such a good question. A woman, I mean or a girl. Is she a girl, a woman, a boy or a man? Wow, this Is the deepest question I've ever been asked you Anthropomorphized America as a she. And that caught me. I think I do that overall now. I feel like a lot of People Do that a little bit more where we like everything was a he and assumed to be a he. And so now we just like put she everywhere and like doing it to men even like, oh she's upset. Oh it's seen as this pejorative thing. But then you have to be like, is it pejorative to be a woman? Like why is it, why Is it bad? But I guess because I do identify as a woman, if someone said, oh he's upset, I think I would be like, huh.


Well it kind of happens all the time where we say guys or do like we sort of refer often to women. Again, the masculine kind of supersedes the feminine. And in French it's extreme where you basically feminize or masculinized words. Yes, conjugation. Exactly. So if there are 10,000 women that are in a march and there's one male dog, you have to put it masculine because if there's one guy then it's all masculine. Obviously the reverse doesn't apply. It's the they right? They is the masculine version because that's Spanish too, I think. No, It's literally masculine. So usually you would add an E if it was, again, these 10,000 women are doing one thing, you would add an E because it's women doing it.


But because there's one boy then it's all masculine. You conjugate it to the masculine. So if you were writing like an essay, you would get a mistake. Basically what started happening a lot more is that people started putting E in parentheses, sort of suggesting that this group might have women and therefore we're gonna put it in parentheses so that it's masculine and feminine. But yeah, like stuff like that. That's just so to just back to your point, like women do get masculinized all the time. So wait, what do you, because I think I know what my answer has, but I wanna know yours. I think America's a man, A broken man, Well, a traumatized man but who has overcome a lot.


I do think that like America obviously is an incredibly complicated country, but I, I am not on the side of America sucks or this country's so fucked up. And I do think that is because of my family that came here. It was a choice to come here and thank God they did within two generations. So much has happened. So I am very proud of this country. Ding ding the Olympics and oh God, we still have a pin in that. I feel the same way by the way, we're kind of both immigrants. Yeah, I equate America with the Statue of Liberty. It's a woman that doesn't get the credit.


It's like we think it's a man but's actually a woman. Oh I think America was totally built by women, is built by black women. Oh for Sure. We sort of associate it with the founding fathers, these like white guys and obviously they had major contributions and men have major contributions, but we've totally erased and forgotten the contributions of women. And I think it's both, it's like Wizard of Oz or something. Like the woman is actually behind the scenes but she's hidden by the guy and then we think it's a guy but he's actually, you know It's a guy but there's a woman running the show sort of. But now we're getting into the history and the history is very myriad and I, I just mean like we're anthropomorphizing this country.


I think it's a male because we are by very generic standards, aggressive. We are very confident. We kind of don't take no for an answer sir on anything. The flip of confident is arrogant, which we are, but we are also like strong. We're playful, we're uncles, We're an uncle. America's an uncle. Uncle Sam. Wow. We got there. That's how they Got there. See this is how on A, Beautiful, Mind, you do get to the answer. Wow, My God. Did you ever see Dick the movie about if Watergate was actually caused by two teenage girls with like Michelle Williams, I should see That.


Yeah, it's us. It's like this like, oh Uncle Sam. That's how they arrived to Uncle Sam. It was just like two girls talking about, oh I love that. What the gender is. It's really good. It's really silly. It's a funny like concept of re-imagining historical events as if girls accidentally did it.


Support for Synced comes from element. I Packed so much element in this trip and I am so glad. I don't know if you're supposed to s sink two a day, but I've been so depleted. Yes and so relieved that I brought extra element this time because it's just fixes everything. It's Summer, it's really hot out. Even just like walking to the like, you know wherever you're walking you'll sweat And it's really important to stay hydrated and with element, there's no sugar or other weird ingredients that are often found in other electrolytes and sports drinks and the electrolyte deficiency or imbalance can cause headaches, cramps, fatigue, just weakness. Like I feel like I just feel like lethargic 100%. Like there's a screw that's not in right and then you take the element and then you just feel restored. Try element, totally risk free. If you don't like it, they'll refund your order. No questions asked. They have a very low return rate and high reorder rate. Get your free element sample pack with any purchase at D-R-I-N-K LMNT dot com slash s ync. Also try the new element sparkling a bold 16 ounce can of sparkling electrolyte water. That is D-R-I-N-K LMNT dot com slash sync.


We're supported by Quinns. Ugh, it's so fun. We Love it. It's so good. I just got the cutest, it's like a denim short sleeve button down that is super, super cute and I wear it open with like a shirt underneath tucked into pants. And it's cute because it looks like kind of professional but also cute. Well that's what we want for the summer professional. But cute. I got this amazing one piece. I mean I got two actually. I got one that's a pant and one that's a short and it's all I've worn this summer. I mean it's just again super, super comfortable, super affordable and very high quality. All of the items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands because they cut out the cost of the middleman and pass the savings on to all of us. They work with factories that are safe and ethical, responsible manufacturing practices and premium fabrics and finishes. We love all this. Make switching seasons a breeze with quince high quality closet essentials. Go to quince.com/sink for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/s YC to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince com slash sync.


Speaking of the contributions of women, I am reading a book that's old but my therapist told me to read it. She was shocked I hadn't read it. I of course texted you and asked you if you'd read it and you had of course read it. All the single Ladies by Rebecca Chaser, the one and only, oh My god is this book incredible? I was talking to my friend who's married and I said, I just started this book, it's so good you should read it. And she was like, well I'm not single. And I was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Nope. Yeah You can still read a book about the contributions of single women to this country, which is what the book is about. The reason I wanted to read it is because I was just very hyper aware of the reason the world is able to run and tick and progress and move forward is single women.


This is no shade to people who aren't single. This is just giving people who don't normally get credit credit. What will we do without women who do not have to go home to their families? What will we do? Everything would stop at five o'clock. I mean maybe the world would be better, honestly maybe we wouldn't be so workaholic but things would not be remotely as efficient. Even in the world of the working mother. There's often a single woman involved somewhere. Tell me more. Like I I forget about that part. Oh this part is just in my head. Oh okay. I love it. Then tell me about this is even better. Well 'cause The book is about a lot of like very high powered historical single women and it's incredible but it made me think about it on a day to day, even working mothers have to send their kid somewhere to a daycare or have a nanny or something.


And often those people, if you're working until 8:30 PM that person then has to be with your kids until 8:30 PM likely they don't have a family that they have to go to. It's a cycle that requires single women to continue And not only are like single women sort of ignored or their contributions not recognized but currently, I mean they're like being villainized. It's being used as this basically derogatory term. We Shouldn't have as much say in society. We shouldn't have as much power of voting like we're worthless as a citizen.


Which is just a, an extreme concept if you were to apply that to any other like category would just be so wrong and obviously has happened throughout history but it's a very strange way of seeing things. I think there's a real fear because single women and I think that's, I'm so excited actually you're reading it 'cause I, I read it so long ago, I forgot probably all the best parts but I do remember her kind of focusing on single women are kind of a threat too. They've had such big contributions to the world because as a block are very significant and impactful and demand certain things that people who are in different family setups don't necessarily do or have the time to do. And if you again look at so many women throughout history who have made such big impacts, like so many of them, Flo Steinem comes to mind 'cause we talk about this often just of like ah, like I don't have kids.


They're really tapping into a real, it's not a core shame but definitely this societal, well there is a Biological piece they are poking at for Sure 100%. I dunno if you experience it often, but sometimes I do feel not guilty. But I wonder like am I normal? Is this normal? Am I supposed to have a life that's different and why don't I have a life that's like everyone else quote unquote, you know, whatever that means. So yeah, we're very scary to particularly men but women too. I mean people who want to preserve hierarchies, people who wanna preserve certain roles in society and are afraid of change because I think single women, that's why they've been such catalysts because they can afford to sort of shake things up.


And even by the way a lot of women to come back to example, women who take care of mothers, children, a lot of them are mothers. That is true Migrant women and women of color particularly like who just like literally aren't able to take care of their kids because they're taking care of a certain kind of elite white women's kids. And so the system that we have just doesn't work. And that's why I get so annoyed because the people who sort of hate on single women are the ones who aren't providing the kinds of policies that would actually allow women to have more children like, or people to have more children. They want women to be submissive to this system where they stop working or they're not able to continue working as much because they have children instead of okay, let's create better policies that allow women to do all the things they wanna do.


Yeah, whether you are a single woman or you are not, I think it is important to read the contributions and the power of this group and the importance of this group. So real quick, big pin. The Olympics falling downhill laughing. So the individual gymnastics beam was nuts. Spoiler if anyone is waiting to watch but basically everyone fell off the beam, which is rare. The beam is, to me it's the scariest and hardest. You know they're literally flipping on four inches, which is insane and it kind of does have this effect if one person falls off and more people will fall.


Totally. Yeah. Wait is That like a proven thing? It Is. It's called something that I'm forgetting. Maybe Robbie, you can look it up. So Simone fell off beam, which was very upsetting and also like, you know what it happens but Sunni who I love so much, Sunni Lee, she fell off beam also and it looked scary. She kind of almost straddled the beam on the way off like it was, it was a rough fall it and I felt so bad for her obviously because she fell. That's really sad but because it's embarrassing to fall. That was my first, I was like, oh god, she's gonna be so embarrassed by that.


Even though she shouldn't be. She shouldn't be. But I just, I think like mirror neurons my eyes started watering because I would've cried out of embarrassment. That's so sweet. No I don't think it's sweet. Well you have so much empathy and this is like a big thing for you. Would you say that you feel the highest amount of like overwhelming empathy or what did you call it? Meta neurons. Mirror neurons. Mirror neurons. When it's embarrassment I feel like of all the things that's a big one for you. The number one. It is the number one because it's the number one thing that riles me up. It's the biggest fear I think. So when it's happening to other people I definitely feel it.


Wow. What do you feel like your number one is that you're the most empathetic towards? It's such a good question. I mean embarrassment for sure I can relate but I think exclusion is really hard. And again, I think something I just remember like as a kid I was like how do I deal with this feeling? It would be so overwhelming. How do I get rid of this? What do I do with this? And now as an adult you kind of learn like okay feelings will pass or you can feel like you can do something about it. But as a kid you feel like hopeless. And that was like very difficult on a cellular level. Me too. Which is interesting. And I think I pair those two, They're connected because if you're embarrassed then it sort of implies that you've done something that is shameful will get You excluded.


Exactly. It really goes hand in hand. I remember particularly connected to disability was like very just I remember like I would take the bus in high school and there was this man who clearly was autistic and would kind of like rock back and forth pretty significantly, you know, as he was sitting but would not bother. I mean he was just soothing himself and this literally will kill me. But these boys would throw food on the floor and then he would pick it up and eat it and I didn't do anything. I would definitely be like stop. But I never like, I think if I saw that today, you know as an adult I would just intervene in a way that would end the behavior. But that of like, oh this person's being treated differently just because of something they can't control makes me so upset.


Do you remember like the first time that you felt this feeling of embarrassment for someone and was it for your parents? Oh Probably. Yeah, probably. I, I didn't even think about that but yes, that's the thing. It's also tied into all of my feelings of fundamental safety. So that's I'm sure why. But no, I can't think of like outside. I mean what's shameful is when I was young I think if something like that was happening around me, like if that was happening on my bus, I would in my heart and head know like this is really bad. But I would at that age never have said anything ever because then I would be excluding myself, which was my like this is the only way to survive in the world is to be included.


So I can't remove myself, I can't stand up. Which I think must have had a major impact on me as an adult once I realized I was done feeling that way. I think it might be why I am very much the sheriff. I've really swung in the other direction because I'm like, fuck that, that was a long time of not doing what I knew should be done and now I don't care. You can exclude me all you want but I am gonna do the right thing or I am gonna say the thing that needs to be said, I am gonna put someone in their place but I more middle ground would probably be best. That's so cool.


So that's like your revenge. Sometimes I think about things that I do. This is a stupid example that came up when I was visiting my family, but my weird revenge is 'cause there was so many rules about the dishwasher and like my dad was so insane about what we could put, what we couldn't put. And so now my weird revenge is just to put everything in the dishwasher. Like it feels so good to me. Like my roommate and I both put large things that like as a kid if I'd ever put that in I would've been like, what The hell are you doing? Like, like it would've Been like illegal. So for you standing up for people and doing things that risk, that not being sort of the dictating thing for your behavior is sort of an act of rebellion.


It is. And it's healing. I think in some regards, If these people wanna exclude you because you're doing the right thing, that's not a group you wanna be a part of. Obviously as a kid I needed to be a part of all the groups and so I didn't have that luxury and I think a lot of kids don't. But yeah, as an adult it's definitely gone in the other direction. That's why growing up is fun. Aging is fun. It Is fun. Even though We don't play anymore, You don't have to make people you hate like you, that's literally what, being a teenager or a kid, not people you hate but like, you know what I mean? Trying to make people that you don't even like, like you, you know I think is so nice to get rid of that pressure.


Good thing to shed. Okay, let's do some questions. Let's do it. Oh okay. How do I tell my husband? It's a turn off when his breathing during sex is a turn off. This is from anonymous. Hi Monica and Liz, thank you for providing amazing entertainment every week I always look forward to Wednesdays and listening to your conversations and debates over crazy life scenarios. So I'm hoping you can help with mine. I love my husband but in the past year or two he has started this thing where when we are having sex or fooling around, he breathes in my ear. Oh okay. Picture when you're outside on a freezing cold day and you do that weird thing with your breath so you can see it.


Yes. Ew. Ew. That's the type of breathing I'm talking about. He does it once right in my ear every time and it drives me crazy but not in a good way. It's like he's trying to defrost my ear. How do I tell him this is a turn off and I'm really not a fan of this. I don't want 'em to feel self-conscious or weird but I'm just not into this and don't know how to bring it up. Appreciate any advice you have. Also thank you for race to 35. It was so incredible and much needed. Love y'all. Being human is so hard. Hard. I feel bad for everyone. Speaking of embarrassment, holy shit. It's so Synced like I'm so embarrassed for this guy right now.


He thinks this is hot. I mean that's like what you do when you're like, does my breath stink? I'd be like, Oh It's not hot. Now I am checking my mine. Smells fine. Do you think your breath stinks? Oh My God, I hope not. Does It? No it doesn't Liz. It doesn't. I've literally never smelled your breath and I've spent a lot of time near you. This Is like my biggest fear. Do you think yours stinks? I mean you tell me. I think it does sometimes by The way everyone's breath stinks sometimes that's why people use mouth tape now. I'm so against mouth tape.


I Have a lot of thoughts about mouth tape. It's all over my feet and I'm like how many things Exactly Have you seen these women? They'll have a night mask, mouth tape, things for their hair like a mask, like then a bonnet. Okay, I get it. We wanna preserve, you know? But also can't We just live? Yeah, If you do that and that makes you happy, do it. But I feel like it's just a lot. We're such an anxious generation and I think that there are things that we don't even realize are anxious, are anxious. Like that's anxiety. A hundred percent you're right. It's just having no chill and it's super normalized. But this is such a great cue. Have you ever been with someone in an intimate setting and They do something that you hate? Yes, almost every time.


Same. That's Why I feel this very viscerally. Remember not to circle back to the handhold. This is much different than the handhold. But remember I was in a situation where there was like a handhold very early, too early for me. Oh god, it gives me the ick It did. It made me secondhand embarrassed. It gave me the ick but that person didn't do anything wrong. It was me. And it was also, it's just so hard to be a person and be vulnerable and be intimate in any way. And I just wanna make that clear that this guy likes like that feels intimate to him. What is she supposed to do?


This is very hard. That's why I asked you. 'cause I'm like everyone almost if you haven't call us 'cause we wanna know your life story but everyone can relate to like being in an intimate setting and then someone does something you don't really like or does it at a pace that you don't really like or in an intensity that you don't really like. This Is also a husband though. Let's remember like it's not a new person, which is helpful But it's a new move. It's perfect timing that you're writing at the beginning of the move. 'cause it's not like he's been doing this for four years. 'cause some of the, the questions you get like sheriff, you know it's been like 11 years so at least it's early and you can intervene early. And I think for intimate settings you just wanna be extra positive.


What I try and do is, I mean unless it hurts, if you feel comfortable saying what you don't like, say it. But if you wanna do it in a way that I think will be well received and be easier, honestly I would say what you do want, Hey you know what I would really love that you do in my ear? A really subtle slow, like just literally describe what you want and maybe what you want is literally nothing in your ear. That might be like a different conversation to be like, you know what I would really love like instead of kissing my ear that you would breathe on my neck or kiss my neck this way. But what if he then like does what she wants and then goes oh at the end into the ear. Oh I think she has to say. Okay, I love that though.


That's really positive. And I think you're right, but my move is always, and whether this is right or wrong, my rule is to make it about this is my issue. Next time he does it. I think you could just be like, oh I'm so ticklish. Have a physical reaction to it. Push him away and be like, oh sorry, I'm just so ticklish. Try and avoid my ears and then that's My issue. It's nothing that you did that's weird and unattractive, it's just my body doesn't like that. Take it on so he doesn't feel embarrassed. I think that's so smart. And then say what you like. Also by the way, if we've all gotten like the ick from someone, not the ick, but had someone do something that we don't like, we've done something to someone that they didn't like and I wanna know what you do.


Like I wanna know, you know that's kind of what we're all here to do, right? When you're intimate with someone. Yeah, I would Hate it if I was doing something that was giving someone the ick and they just weren't telling Me exactly. So like tell me what you like and like men especially just wanna be told what to do. Especially if they're as, they should be very focused on your pleasure and they feel good when you feel good. So he wants to know what you like. Yeah. Oh I hope that was helpful. Really good. Cue


Support for SYC comes from Thorn. I am very religious about all my supplements. It's helped me so much feel better in my life and get all the nutrients that I need. And that is because of Thorne. Whenever I realize I have a deficiency or my doctor says I need something, I go to Thorn and I find it. Recently I found this amazing supplement that they have for women's health that's called uny acid. And essentially it's like if you have any kind of, again, I'm always talking about vaginal health on your, but if you have any kind of GI problems or you wanna boost your you know health, if you're a woman, you take five of these and like I legitimately feel a difference within like a few hours thorn for the win. Feel your best and make the most of your summer with Thorn. Go to thorn.fit/ Synced 10 and use code Synced 10 S-Y-N-C-E-D 10 for 10% off your first order. That's THOR EIT slash S YN CD zero code sync 10 for 10% off your first order. Thorn fit slash sync 10 code sync. 10. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


Okay, this is also anonymous. Do my husband and I start an anonymous only fans. Even though I have kids, my husband and I are happily married with two young kids. We have a great sex life and love exploring new kinks. I was recently feeling down on my postpartum body despite my husband's kindness, love, and words of affirmation. He convinced me that if he posted a picture of my ass on Reddit, people would objectively agree that I had a great body. What started as a joke and a one-off post to squash my self-deprecation quickly became a bit of a kink. My husband realized he loved seeing how wanted I was by other men and women. And his Reddit profile blew up, gained many followers and his dms were flooded with messages like, I can't believe you don't sell.


I will note that after a couple days we always delete any photo that's posted. Oftentimes the comments are a nice self-esteem boost and leave me feeling empowered. I consider myself not only shy but also a classy lady. And I've always had strong morals and values, especially when it comes to the example I set for my children. I also wanna say that I have the utmost respect for sex workers. My moral conundrum is by no means a judgment of OnlyFans creators but rather a question of morality. As a parent, as a mother of two little ones, is it super trashy? If my husband and I were to secretly start an OnlyFans account with pictures of my ass in undies, it would be anonymous. There would never be any nudity and we would have open communication about how we each feel, our safety, et cetera. We live a comfy life financially, but some extra cash would be nice.


Or is this just fundamentally whack open to hearing Rob's take as well. LOL? Yes. You are the one with children here. Do you wanna answer first? I don't think it matters if it's the underwear and butt photos. Yeah, there's nothing wrong with that. They're not gonna be identifiable too. I don't think kids matter in that equation. If she's comfortable and he's comfortable, and I'll take this a step further, I think if you are gaining self-esteem, if you're getting something out of this and you personally don't feel it's a moral line, you and your husband have figured out all the stuff, you're gonna have a lot of communication around it then I think it's not that you need to go run and tell your children, but I if they found out when they were like in their teens or adults or something, that's a good example of sexual empowerment like your dad and I thought this was sexy and we didn't feel like it was exposing ourselves in a way that was uncomfortable to either of us and we both like it.


I think that's a good thing as opposed to all of us who with the idea of our parents having sex is like the nastiest, worst, most horrible thing ever. Like it'd be kind of cool for that not to be the case. I think it's great getting income and keeping a failure afloat in 2024 with inflation. And if this is helping you put food on the table and provide for your kids on top of elevating your self-esteem and making you feel better And having fun with your husband, this is like a thing you guys are doing together. That's fun. Yeah, This is kind of basic, but it's something we forget. The number one predictor of a happy child is a happy parent. It's so correlated. And if this is bringing you joy and fulfillment and money and connection with your husband, like I really don't see a problem.


And also why would it be moral if you don't have kids but immoral if you have kids. I think it's acceptable work in all forms. I get the question because if I were in their position, I guess my fear maybe would be like, what if eventually like they stumbled across it or something, but it's anonymous. It's just your butt, your butt's hot People should be able to see it. Agree. All three of us seem to think this is not an issue and that if anything it's a really fun thing for you and your husband to do. If you are feeling shameful, just maybe listen to last week's episode where we talk about kinks. I think you'll feel okay after you listen to that.


We all have stuff. It's fine repressing. It's the problem. Yeah. And even just the way that she asked the question, like it's clear that she's taking all these things into consideration. It just doesn't seem reckless or like you haven't thought things through or that you might regret something just by virtue of what you're mentioning and the things that you've thought through. And the way you're approaching it I think is all the green flags. Unless again you feel that there's a misalignment with yourself and what you want or your fears or it's keeping you up at night 'cause you're nervous about it, then I would rethink it. But it seems all positive. I agree. Let's do one more. This one will be quick. Would you want your hypothetical future man to ask your father's permission before proposing? This is from Charlotte.


Hello friends. So hypothetical question, but it's something I often think about and I'd love to hear both of your opinions on it. Traditionally, if a partner wants to propose to you, they would ask your father for permission before doing it. Are you someone that would want your potential future spouse to do this for you? I think a lot of couples have done away with a lot of traditional customs surrounding marriage. Not a bad thing at all. And I love to hear your take about this aspect. PS thank you for all the joy you add to the world. I love the entire Armchair Umbrella equally, but doing my makeup before work on sync release days always feels a little more fun. Aw. I don't care about it, but I really, really respect if people do and I get it. And I think that's totally fine to tell someone like it's important for me.


And I think it's about phrasing. 'cause I do think in 2024 it feels a little antiquated to phrase it as permission because that is a little bit like, do I have permission to take the thing that you own and that's a human woman. Like no. But I think it can be. It's important to me that you tell my parents ahead of time. I think they would really respect that. I think whatever you want is totally fine. I just personally don't care about that. And also I know that my parents, they would have zero expectation of that. It's so funny. I actually think it's creepy.


A lot of people do. If it was the parents' permission, it's traditional. But why the dad? It's so weird. I think the father daughter dance creeps me out a little bit. And maybe that's because there's some stuff in my family around that and it just like triggers me. But I think my dad would literally be like confused if that happened. I think my dad would feel weird if it was framed like that to him. I think he would be like, I don't give permission. Like I think it's great that you're doing this, but he would never accept to be in that position. But I think if the person went to both my parents, I think that's a sweet gesture. But I think just the dad is, I dunno. Don't you think it's creep? Why? Yeah. I mean, look, I do think it's antiquated and if I was dating someone and they then after told me like I asked your dad's permission, I think I'd be like, okay, you didn't need to do that.


How would you react? See, I feel like that would be a weird turn off for me actually. Obviously I wouldn't say no because of it. I Don't think it would be a turn off. But I do think probably I'd just just be like, how'd that go? Like that's weird. What did he say? Yeah, that's what I would say too. How did he react? I definitely agree with you that at this point in time, well depending on the framework of a family, but if you have two parents, if you are going to do this, it should be to both parents. 100%. This idea that the dad is the one. I agree. Why the man to man like the men decide. I don't know. It's so weird. You're right. I don't like it. And even when I think about getting married, which I don't even know if it's gonna happen, but the idea of my dad walking me down also.


Like I would probably have both my parents walk me down, me and my father just don't have that kind of relationship at all. It's just so not coded in any of that. Like I would dance with the both of Them in a three-way. A three-way dance. We'd do like the Macarena together maybe like, Okay. That's funny. The dance. When I think about having a wedding, this is why I feel that I won't ever have one because the idea of these dances, and by the way, I love weddings and I love the father daughter dance and the mother son dance. It's very touching and endearing. But the idea of me that will have been the first time him and I have ever danced together in our entire life.


Why are we now doing it today? Why Are we holding hands this way? Like in front of all these people? And you can tell It feels performative. Oh Yes. When it's like, oh this is weird. A little for them too. Yeah. Should people write it? I mean, we have too many questions today. They're all over the place. But like is it weird or is it different? 'cause it's the wedding and it means something different. 'cause we've never been married. It Just again depends on the relationship because some people do have a very, very traditional Father-daughter relationship. And I do have a very close relationship with my dad, but it's not this kind of thing and it's not that kind of affection. I think that's why Exactly. But I imagine that Dax is dying.


Yeah, I can Do that to dance with Lincoln and Delta at their wedding. If he doesn't get to do that, that will make him very sad. But that's him again, I think it's specific, but I also definitely don't think he expects. I don't think, oh, should I call him and ask? I'm so curious. That's a good idea. Rob, are you gonna want permission? Well, he has sons. And again, even that, that's a thing. Hello? Hi. You're on sync. Are you working out? Yeah. Oh, okay. I had a question for you. Ask me. Okay. We are wondering, we got a question about asking dad's permission for weddings for their daughter. I said, I think you are dying to dance with your daughters at their wedding.


Like that's something that would bring you a lot of joy. But I do not think that you have the expectation that a husband would ask your permission. Is that correct? No. I would definitely expect the young man to confront his fear and awkwardness as a display of his dedication because it's very awkward and weird. But I did it. And if you whoa, Are Serious about, if you are serious about this commitment, it's just one more step you take to demonstrate your commitment. It's totally ceremonial. I don't think I have the right to give my daughter away.


I don't think that's what anyone interprets it as anymore. I just think it's like getting on a knee. There's all this pageantry and custom because it's a ritual and one of them is kind of availing yourself to the patriarch of the family. And it's a way, I think for the man to ask if he can join the family in a weird way. But why then wouldn't it be to both parents? Because I think it's man to man. If it was the woman who had to ask for the husband, I think she would go to the mom. Okay. I'm very surprised by this answer. I'm glad we asked. Yeah, because I'm actually shocked. If you think historically, clearly up until ob, you know recently, but if you had a daughter and there was a man coming into the family, this is the person pre 1950, everything is gonna get passed to everything that person's built is gonna get handed off to this person.


And so I think minimally the person coming into inherit and carry on the family from the mail point of view should approach the reigning mail and say, Hey, I'd like to join this and I want you to trust me. Yeah. But that is pre 1950. We don't operate on any of those levels anymore. Right. But if you can get past the material aspect of it and focus more on what the tradition and the ritual really is doing, it's an act of humility for the young male to come in and acknowledge the previous generation's. Relevance. It's not about money.


I think that's even why it's even better now. It's just kinda like I'm going to Kristen's dad. I respect you and I humble myself to enter your family. I understand that piece. I just think it's missing it at this point in life and time. If both parents are alive, it needs to be both. Like it it, it would make no sense to me if, if my husband just asked my dad, it'd be like, what about my mom? She has played equal, if not more of a part in my life and raising me and my family. This person is joining the two of them, not just my dad. Yes. And if the only lens is oppressor and oppressed, if the only lens is that this is bolstering and perpetuating the patriarchy, great.


You're right. Is it still cool when a woman who joins a family gets invited to make Thanksgiving dinner with the mother-in-law and they cook together and bake together? Does that perpetuate misogyny and female subjugation? Or is it this beautiful connection? You know, you get to pick. I know, but you're making it so gendered. You did. You said if the male were to come and ask the mom, then that would be okay. But because he asked the dad, it's not okay. Oh no, no. Sorry. I'm saying the family things like the Thanksgiving dinner, the dad could be cooking things. I, I, I guess, yeah, I don't know. These are All rituals to help families blend and bond and merge.


Forget their origin, forget what they are in theory about and what are they in practice? Well, but that's what I'm saying. In reality, if it's joining the family and having respect, which I totally get, but in practice now that requires both parents. But no, then I'm not entering into Kristen's family to ultimately take over her mother's role. I am entering to ultimately take over her father's role. No, you're Not. I will be the male figure in the family as he passes on. I won't be the female figure in the family, so I don't need to go get, But you're not, you're not her dad.


You're not taking over her dad's role. You're a husband is so different than a dad. I will take on the dad role and then I'll take on the grandpa role and he was the dad role and now he is talking on the grandpa role. I'm following in his exact footsteps. I'm not the mom and I'm not gonna be the grandma. Yeah. Liz, do you have anything to add? Can you even hear? Well, he probably can't hear me. Can she Hear? How's her hearing? You won't Be able to hear her. Yeah. Oh, he can't hear you because yeah, there's no connection. Yeah, sorry. Because she's on Zoom. Oh, Oh, oh, right. And it doesn't, but we learn the hard way. You can't hear anything on Zoom. Okay. Alright, well I'm gonna let you go back to working out.


Okay, bye bye. I find that fascinating because it shows that that's actually a masculinity ritual between men and has nothing to do with the relationship between the man and the woman. That's not about showing respect to the woman by, it's actually all about guy on guy. Yes. Which I personally don't like. So wow. This is supposed to be a quickie and it is like not quick, but I think whoever marries me will know that I don't like that, that I just personally have my own experience in life with bucking up against that sort of male, how do I say it?


Hierarchy and male centric. I mean it's very patriarchal. I think it's rooted in this masculine hierarchy, which I don't think we totally believe in. Whenever you think, and if you think a marriage is on its way, it's a conversation to have with your partner because maybe your partner will say, say, it means so much to me to have that conversation with your dad. Then I think I would say you can chat with my dad after, if you like, but if you're gonna go talk to my my parents, it needs to be both of them. I didn't ask Natalie's dad because I knew Natalie didn't need his permission. Yes. And that she was the type that's not super traditional and wouldn't have required that. That's the big thing. It's just knowing your partner and your relationship and their relationship.


It's all at play. Fascinating. Yeah. Fascinating. Wow, these questions are so good. They're so good. You guys please keep writing in. They're making our week. They're so fun. And we really appreciate you guys and I appreciate you and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your trip. Thank you. I miss you. I miss you and I can't wait to be back. Yeah, I can't wait for you to be back, but I think you're gone for a little longer so we'll probably do another zoom next time. We'll see you next week. Can't wait. Bye.