
Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Doug Barrington and I'm joined by Lily Padman. Welcome. I'm m Lily Padman. And you're Doug Barrington. I. wanna be I? wanna be Doug? Lyman Michelle. No. What. if it was Doug Barrington and Doug Lyman. I wanna be Michelle Montana Do. you know why Tell me? Because my first street in LA was Barrington Avenue. And you. Oh, so Corn. and you lived off Montana. Porn. I didn't live I. wish I lived off. Montana. You lie. You. No. That's where the rich people Lived. You told me you lived off Montana. No, I didn't. I lived in Santa. Monica. No. I lived off of Broadway. In. between Broadway and Santa. Monica. Boulevard. Montana's where the nice people live. I. guess I'll be I was a bad person. I guess. I. Be. Michelle. Broadway. then There.


you go Michelle. Broadway. That sounds slutty. Yeah. Yeah. I grew up on Barrington. You were Oh, Doug. Barrington. Yeah. Right, Right, right, Right. And so I will be my Michelle Broadway Montana Hyphen. Okay. Michelle. Broadway. Okay, great. We sorted it out. I wonder if you're a listener. You're like, you guys, it's time to hang up. Just. say your names and get out. No, that would be a fair Would. that be a fair criticism? No. Okay. Okay. Michelle. Michelle's got boundaries. Yeah. she is. And. I. respect them. Thank you. One of her boundaries is Broadway, which runs East and West and Santa Monica. I wouldn't Mind having a Pseudonym. Not, what's the other word for it? Nom Deluis.


No, it's like persona, but yeah. Alter Ego. No, alter ego. Thank you. That's the word I'm looking for. An alter ego. Michelle. Broadway. Montana. And, oh, You're adding all of 'em now. Yes. She's hyphened hyphenated. 'cause she came from a family where the mother refused to give up her name. Yeah. The mother was stubborn. Yeah. So I, I love her. That's easy. Her I wanna be her. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna be her. Great. Michelle. Montana. Broadway. Broadway Montana. This is What happens when you hyphenate people mess. That's, Yeah. That's y'all's fault. As long as I get both names in there, you should be happy. No. You know, why'd the order matter? You're saying one, one order is better than what If we said D Dak Shepherd Randall.


Great. Enjoy. Okay, I will. We have a sweet boy on today. Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet boy. Yeah. His name is Teddy Swims, but I think it should be Teddy Sweetss. Oh yeah. I Like that. He's so sweet. He's so fucking sweet. Yeah. This was fun. He, it's so talented. Yeah. Outrageous. Outrageous, raw. You of course. Like everyone else, fell deeply in love from his last album. I've tried everything but therapy among those songs. I lose control. He's so fucking good. But mostly he's a sweet, sweet boy. Please enjoy Teddy Montana Broadway Swims.


We are supported by Squarespace. Did you know our website is powered by Squarespace? Of course you did. Monica and Rob. Naturally you did. 'cause you designed it. We wanted something slick and easy to use and there was simply no better option. When you look at their features, like their blueprint, AI makes designing easy and fun. And with Fluid Engine you can customize every detail with a simple drag and drop interface. Plus you can accept payments any way you like. And their SEO tools help people find you online. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial or go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


When life gets busy, it's easy to let things slip like your wellness routine and making sure you're eating the right things. But luckily there's an easy solution, AG One. It's a simple way to make sure your body is getting the nutrients it needs to function every day. You can easily incorporate it into your routine. Like me, every morning, a scoop of it and a glass of water. Yum, yum, yum. Down the hatch. And I get a little zing. And more importantly, it has the research to back up how effective it is. They are constantly putting their formula through testing. The formula is backed by multiple research studies and it's trusted by experts and medical professionals. There are so many benefits to drinking AG one. And I'm not just talking about all the nutrients it has. AG one also does a great job supporting your gut health. We've Learned that the gut is kind of the key to everything. I think everything starts there. Your gut biome and everything that's happening there. We're learning all these cascading effects of that. And AG one's a great place to start getting that right. If there's one product I trust to support my whole body health, it's AG one. And that's why I've partnered with them for so long. It's easy and satisfying to start your journey with AG one. Try AG one and get a free one year supply of vitamin D three K two, and five free AG one travel packs with your first purchase at drink AG one.com/dax. That's drink AG one.com/dax. Check it out.


He's an Get a car lift going. I see you man. That's sick. Oh, thanks for noticing I mean you would understand this is a dream of all dreams. Have a fucking car Lifted in my Garage. Hell yeah, brother. That's awesome. All Horsepower sitting on it. That's what you like to see. Baby success baby. We love to see it. I gotta take you in a little bit. Okay. This would be really inappropriate if You were a female guest. But I'm gonna let my eyes start at your toes and I'm gonna follow your legs up very slowly.


I'm gonna look at every Do A body scan. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm immediately curious who some of these portraits are of. So let's start on your left leg there. Who's that Gentleman? Okay. This guy is Chris Farley dressed as Han Solo. Oh. Oh My God. Incredible. Wonderful. Wonderful. And I got a little Dave Chappelle right here. Oh, oh, we love it. He's the best. Have You met him and got to show him Your thought? Yeah. I didn. didn. Didn't get to show him the thigh. I gotta go to his Grammy party And, you know, he was doing this kind of like open jam thing and I gotta go up there and sing and it was so sick, man. Thundercat was playing bass. Corey Henry's on the Keys. It was the coolest shit ever knew. Oh yeah. A day got up and sang. It was just star setting over there, man. So I gotta go up there and meet him. Does he make you nervous? He was already like three sheets to the wind.


Sure, sure, sure. Inviting people off and he was like, Teddy, everybody says you're awesome. Let's fucking hear what this is about. And so I was like, dude, I got tattoo of you on my leg right here. I wasn't gonna just drop trow in front of him, you know? I was like, sure, sure, sure. You gotta find out his Found. If thought was a short at the time, but I was already in my suit so it would've been like awful to just look at this bro. Yeah, it would've been a lot of production. He would've known for a while what was coming. Yeah. It's better to have drawstring on and just drop. Yeah, Exactly baby. He Makes me nervous. I'm saying that I haven't even met him, but I know he would make me nervous. You're intimidated. I'm very Intimidated. Yeah. I, I was thinking I was gonna be, I think it was just the environment. If it was just me meeting him, like walking into his house or something to do something like this, I would probably be freaking the fuck out. For sure. You know? But it was just such a big party going on.


So it was easy to just like, Hey man. And I got called up the stage to sing. I immediately knew I was gonna crush that. That's the gift you have. I don't. I don't have anything to come wow him with. Right. I think the reason he intimidates me, it's anyone that I've labeled. So cool. Yeah. It's not like talent. I've met a lot of talented actors, but it's the cool factor where I'm like, I feel so fucking dorky around this guy. That's How I felt. Meeting John Mayer, that is the coolest fucking guy I've ever met. He's just cool as hell. It's like, he's like, I know a lot of things must bug that guy. I mean he's got problems surely. But he just looks like he's just the coolest. Like nothing gets by him. He just looks like he's fucking chill. And you talking to him, ask a question like just keep asking questions. I was like, dude, if I'm wearing you out, please let me know. 'cause I just was like, what about this? What about This?


I'll go all, how About this Record Poppy Energy? Yeah. Just I could not stop. No, you gotta help me understand because, and this is not shade to John Mayer truly. I think he's talented and everything. I wouldn't be intimidated at all. I don't think he was the dude in my high school. I was like, Hey, what are you guys doing after school? What is it about him? Is it the career? Is it the laundry list of a-list? Dating partners? He's had what's in the Mix. When I was first coming up playing and singing and stuff from Room for Squares on, he's just always been one of the guys for me. Everything he's done too has been completely alone. I'm a huge collaborator when it comes to writing and using my guys to write and play. And he's done everything by himself. That level of trust you have in yourself to write the good thing and not have any outside opinion. And to nail hits after hits after hits.


And never listen to a label to say, oh we gotta do this more poppy. Or go into this side or pitch you a record and say How about this little shit pop record? You know? And he just doesn't seem like he's ever quite given into anybody else's opinions. His integrity's just firm His conviction And self-confidence is the thing you're saying. Yeah. It's crazy. I also find that musicians in particular really do respect him. He's the musician's musician. The artist artist, but also has the hits. Whatever thing about trying to be like a big artist, you can do it the John Mayer way and really never give up your integrity and make things that are good for artists to listen to, singers to listen to, players to listen to, but also still get a number one slot by doing that. And yeah, I think he's what that is for me versus like, I'll take the shitty record and I know this is gonna be the number one single.


I try to avoid those at all calls and just try to do it the way that makes me feel. Like my integrity's Intact. The Mayor method. Yeah, the mayor method. John Mayor Method. Absolutely. You should write a book called The Mayor Method. But we do have to take what you just said with a grain of salt because we met one time recently. Yeah. And, you claimed that without a paddle was a seminal movie in your life. And that I was very a part of your childhood. Absolutely. So easy to just absolutely qualify That. I think that's a good counterbalance. Dude, I love you and I'm so glad to be doing this now. Me Too. Because. that came in hot dude, as soon as I saw you standing there watching me, I was like, it was so cool. Stack, stack stacks. Dude, I love you bro. You're my fucking hero Dude. I loved it so much because what You were helping me through was I was having a moment where I was like, man, I am 49.


Everyone here is young. Everyone knows what's happening. I'm starting to not know what's happening and then I see you and I'm like this motherfucker. Well there was a great conversation I had and needs to be said. This is with another gentleman. And he said, just wait till you hear him sing. He's gonna blow you away. And then you finished. And I was like, my God, You were right. That just fucking hugged my soul. Incredible. Incredible. So then I'm thinking like, God, I'm so asleep on this genius now mind you, when I hear the song, I know the fucking song. I just didn't put it together right away. And then I'm like in a shame spiral that I'm so disconnected. And then you came up and You were so kind to me and I was like, oh look, I still have a place here. You actually made my whole Night. Always dude. Always. I'm glad to hear that.


Yeah man, that makes the world me. It was really a lovely Monica. It was a Spotify party. We were both there. We were posting it. I have no excuse to be outta the loop so I'm embarrassed for sure. But I was like, I don't know him. And then you started singing and we were both like, oh, oh my God. Yes. That just good. It actually fills you with deep shame that you're not onto it. Yeah, totally. I'm glad to hear that. But not, not the shame part. And I love that. I'm grateful that there's always ways to get out there And. you know, you hear it firsthand and I think that's the most beautiful thing that we try to do is just every place we can be. Whether it's a 200 cap or anywhere. Yeah. We Were like 12 feet away if we wanted to rush to stage and stab you or something. You were very vulnerable to our attack.


We were very close. We were, Yeah, I was quite moved by the whole thing. And I'm just like you, I will go out and let it rip on people. If I see someone I like, I'm like buckle up. If I'm too much for somebody, then they're just not for me is what I think. I come on hard and strong and fast and I'm just like, I love you. One thing I've been trying to learn in my love life is to not do that. Oh you kissed me once. Are we in love forever? Oh, I've had to stop doing that. That's been a long learning lesson. But you know, we take it as slow in the current relationship in a minute. Well it's been really rewarding. Well there be, I think there'll be an explanation for that as we walk through your whole life. Yeah, probably. I can relate big time. Georgia, you're with a fellow. I'm from Georgia. Oh right on where from Duluth. Yeah. A lot of my homies are from Duluth. Oh you know Duluth. I sure do.


I've Been constructing a mental image of it for the last 10 years. We've been friends. I have yet to go. But I've heard so many details. Is it a haven of malls? There's a good amount Of malls. A lot of, a lot of them have shut down during the pandemic and tough. And I think some of 'em are making its way back. I'm actually going back on Friday. My aunt's getting married and Monticello it's gonna be hilarious wedding. So she's marrying this lady and I'm ordaining the wedding and I'm gonna be doing it on the dock. And I think they're rolling up on a jet ski. This sounds like It's Gonna be absolute white trash. Yeah, it's absolutely white trash wedding. It's gonna be sick anytime the bride and bride arrive on a jet ski. Oh, you're seeing something special Steam Punk theme. They said, I don't know what the Fuck I'm going. What does that even mean? I dunno.


Yeah. How does one dress for steam punk I mean? Rob would have a great answer. Yeah. What should he be in suspenders? Leather pants. But it's like gears and stuff. Mechanical things that or Oh my God. Almost mad maxi. Yeah. Yeah. That kind of thing. Oh that'll be fun. Have you started writing the, not your nuptials, but your ceremony? No, but I gotta call her eventually and ask like, what do you wanna do? Are you guys just trying to fly through this thing or do you want me to do some scripture or something? 'cause you never know. Sometimes people want, even if they're not Christian, they want some jesusy part of it. Now listen, I'm gonna advise you to prepare basically two versions of this because you have to account for the fact that there's at least a 15% chance one of them will sustain a pretty serious injury pulling up to the dock.


Exactly. Because jet skis are highly unpredictable and they often end in failure. So you need to have one that's like, let's get this done. 'cause the ambulance is waiting and then you need one that's, they made the perfect entrance, they docked it beautifully. It didn't tip over. No one's wet. Let's settle in. And We're probably gonna have to cut from the video where I'm trying to pull them up on this. Yeah, you might wanna wear a life as far as your steam punk. Maybe Make it look like a bulletproof vest or something. Yeah, I try to go for that kind of look 50 cents slash wow. Buoyancy. Compensator. Oh man. Okay. So Tell me about Conyers, Georgia. Oh Man. I wouldn't say it's a beautiful place, but it's my place. I love it there.


And I wouldn to school called Salem and was a big theater kid. Our place was really tight knit. My mom, my dad, both sides of my grandparents, my great grandparents, all from Conyers. There's this one little diamond of area and my grandparents, my mom's mom and dad who are Pentecostal pastors live right there. That's the south side of the diamond for the listeners. Yeah. Yeah. And then on the north side of the diamond there was actually my mom's granny's church that they used to go to. And then my granddad's church was, you know, a little ways down the road. And so all around the sides here are like my granddad's, like brothers and sisters, daughters and kids outside of the diamond. There's another kind of diamond around it. My whole family's right there. Wow. So You were surrounding the whole area. Yeah. And so I always lived with my dad as much as I possibly could 'cause he was in like Covington or something and every time you do anything wrong there was like 40 people just like, Oh someone could see you in every corner of the county.


What kind of population are we talking about? I Couldn't tell you the population. I don't know about pull that up. I would tell you that there was times in my life where you can't throw a rock far enough without hitting a kbo or dimsdale in that town. 'cause we have generations. So I would have to do like family trees to date somebody. You know what I mean? Yeah. Oh God, she 23 and Me posted on your chest was Scary. Yeah, we're taking that down. 18,000. Almost 18,000. Okay. Because it's only 24 miles east of Atlanta. But was it rural? The older I got the more, it became more suburbany in a way. But when I was younger I remember my grandparents having chickens and stuff like that in their small yard. But over the years more people came in and it's right next to Covington too, which is a little further east.


And Covington over the last few years has been doing a lot of filming and Tyler Perry's kinda the one that spearheaded all that stuff and then Vampire Diaries and oh, a bunch of things started getting in. So Covington's becoming this huge place of filming. That's So weird. If like Highland Michigan, the town next to mine became a hotbed of Hollywood activities. Yeah, it's, I would've time understanding that. But I think in Georgia there's a bunch of attacks in or Something. Yeah. Yeah. So mom and dad, were they married? They Divorced when I was probably three or so. So I don't remember them quite together. As we're talking now, they've weirdly been like kind of dating again weirdly as 31 Oh way. And it's been really weird. It's gross, right? Yeah. They Came to our show in Vegas together and then they called me on the phone. He's like, baby it's probably weird hearing us together.


And I was like, dad, I don't know how I feel about it if it makes you happy. And he's like, is there one thing to say if I'm just hitting it? And I'm like, that's way worse dude. That's way worse bro. Well I don't know. Yeah, we gotta really think this through. No, that's all. Whatever it makes you guys happy. But I'm not trying to parent trap you guys or anything so fuck That. I'm the same. So my dad left when I was three but they remained really great friends and they'd be together and even occasionally if they were being mildly affectionate I'd be like, guys don't even think about going back down that road. Why? It's a weird gross feeling. It's like your brother and sister are gonna get to, I don't know, It's weird. It doesn't seem natural. It doesn't. It was always just yelling about this or that forever. And so like they always kind of just despised each other in a way.


You don't have to name names but does someone get sober in this equation? None Of them have really ever had like a big drinking issue. Okay. Or nothing like that. So that's been great. My mom was married to a guy from the time I was like four to about 18 who was a massive alcoholic and had dad and dad's dad and mom. They're a big line of alcoholics. But my parents, they'll smoke some weed here and there. My dad would get down every once in a while as Needed. Yeah. But I've never had alcohol abuse within my parents. Oh that's lucky. Yeah. That's really beautiful for me. You had a lot of church obviously between the grandparents All Yeah, my moms. Yeah. But on my dad's side it was never that way. Which was great. On the weekends I'd go over there and we could do whatever. We could eat all the ice creams we want I mean We was watching Martin, my favorite show. I got a picture of Jerome back here on my own.


Yeah. Was dad right? He is my everything. Was dad spending money differently than mom? 'cause like we'd go to my dad's on the weekend. He drove a Corvette, he had cable tv, we could order pizza. It was like he was rich even though he wasn't, it was Very tough on my pop side. My mom, she was with a guy who was pretty well off. He was gone all the time working. But my dad on the other hand, he got with a woman who's schizophrenic and bipolar and had two more boys that are eight and 10 years younger than me. And so she was always in and out of prison and meth out and that was really tough on them and us. And so me and my older brother helped my dad raise my two little ones and he was always waking up at like 2:00 AM going to bed at 10:00 PM trying to do homework by himself. My dad is truly the greatest man I've ever met.


Oh That's lovely. He Put these four boys on his back and just trucked through it. Oh man. How much older is your brother? He's About 14 months older than me. Okay, so really close. Yeah, he's my best friend. He lives out here with me now. And so growing up, what kids were you in the social hierarchy of that world? I've Always just kind of gotten along with everyone. I've always been that way. You have A very sweet face. Yeah. It's the opposite of punchable faces. Well appreciate. You're familiar with Punchable face? You have the Opposite. Yeah, I've just always been able to get along with anybody and everybody, you know, it's just been easy for me. And was your older brother bigger than you? They're All bigger than me. My shortest little brother is, I think still five 10. But rest of my family is in six foot. I've got stuck at five seven. Well I bet you got the singing thing.


So yes, it all comes out in the watch. Yeah. Was your brother protective of you? Absolutely man. All of us. When I first had this thing picking up and going off, we'd started our merchandise business and I just employed my older brother to do it 'cause it was kind of like he didn't really get to start a life until just this last couple years when my little brothers got older. 'cause as I was going doing this and my dad was trying to put my little brothers through high school, Kaylin, my oldest brother was their mother for so long. He had to kind of take care of all of us in a lot of ways. While You're surrounded by sweet men, that's not always the case. Yeah. Women on the other hand have been a little treacherous. I think I've continued to pick those. It's such a different thing than what a lot of people go through because I have loving, gentle, hugging, kissing men in my life. Not so much that way with women in my life.


Your stepdad, would he fall into the great or not great category? He's an awful person. Okay. I loved him when I was younger but he's just an alcoholic and he was gone all the time and he is working and he's really abusive in ways and I haven't heard from him since. He raised me from four to 18. He was a second dad to me, you know? And one day he was just gone from my life and my mom's life and all of our lives and I'd never talked to him again. And I do carry some resentments in ways towards him 'cause he was a part of my life for so long and then he was just gone and I was just like, how do you raise somebody? And I know you and my mom split up but no like hi buddy or I love you, this isn't your fault. Just Abandonment. Yeah. I think it really did fuck me up. I still think of that sometimes. Well you start rewriting the entire history. Right. Which is like, oh he was only ever nice to me 'cause of mom.


Now he doesn't have mom. So none of that was Yeah. Sincere or genuine. But also you're smart enough to know you lost him to addiction. Some point in your life you might even have compassion. Yeah, I tried. I know as I'm on the road and how easy it's to fall into this spell of just drinking every day. And last year, all year long, when we was on the tour for nine months, it was almost like a nine month bender of just anything to keep this dopamine flow going. Yes. That's been the hardest thing for me this year is as we've been touring and trying to like get to this point of staying calm and being able to like, okay, we don't need all these people in the green wing. We don't need a constant party every day. Right, right. We don't need this dopamine. And I was talking to bur er the other day about this reentry thing. 'cause we got really into this thing about when you get back from tour and I just got back like a week or two ago and I find first couple days I'm home.


It being kind of depressing and I just get in this place and my baby sets to be like, you're not sad. You're just used to this level of dopamine that hits you when you're in front of thousands of people. And you can't sleep. Adrenaline. Yeah. Adrenaline junkie. You turn into and then so when you get home home and you're not getting this constant affirmation like yeah you're the best. You kind of get in this like, shit man, I don't know. Am I okay? You get in this turmoil spot, it's So easy to just like, Well I know how to regulate And I have to try to do things like get sun, go to the gym, try to get my life back into order for a week or two and try to get a routine going again. But then you're back off. Get Stable And. you do it all over again. I'm grateful though, the best job in the world. You're like coming off of cocaine but you don't have any downers and you're just in your hotel room.


So it's like what are we gonna do with all This? That's just a feeling. And then you're laying there till 3:00 AM and even if you gotta get up at 6:00 AM to go radios, you're like, I can't turn this adrenaline off. And there's always a mini bar to start tapping into or something to get you a little bit more tired. That's just a tough thing to do. I try to do the first two or three weeks of this last Europe tour sober and bring my PlayStation and just get something to focus my brain into because there's always Kyle from the second grade somewhere and he happens to be in like Manchester. And you're like, yes. What are you doing here? We gotta get hammered tonight. You know? Of course. And it's always one and it's Tough. And then for me the the justifications became more and more preposterous. Yeah. You know like yeah they were kinda legit at first and then it was just like, I mean it's almost 1116, whatever the thing is.


But it's Chemical that high. The drop of being on stage and having all those people, it's an actual chemical drop. They're just like, oh that sounds hard but it's physiological. Absolutely. Of course you feel that way. It's not weird that you do. It's your chemicals all of ours. Well and it all makes sense when you look back at how almost, I don't wanna be careful with my wordage here, but every performer I loved growing up was struggling with it. Oh Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I don't know. The one that was like the Billy crystal of rock and roll who somehow was doing it from a healthy place maybe and named it beautifully. Yeah, Maybe. But he was like going but freeze tag at the end of the show with his friends. You know what I mean? He was going and partying. Oh Maybe Paul McCartney, he seems to be the guy who Escaped.


He's still with it. I'm sure he is. Had his time. Even These ones you didn't think like Prince and Michael Jackson both od, they both died of drug overdoses. However you wanna qualify it. Well he had an opiate prescription. Oh he was just trying to go sleep. Whatever the case is. Like these are two men who died. I think the more I do it, the more I realize like, oh that's why we're all alcoholics and drug addicts. That's why we can become that So easy. Yeah. Yeah. So my probably number one guy I love is Waylon Jennings. And also my fantasy of his life is number one, which is on the road up for six days on speed, writing music, playing for people, sweating bullets and everyone in his life's being let down.


But the music's so good, they all overlook it. I was like, I gotta figure out something. I do good enough that everyone will let me live as shitty as I want. Not kick me to the curb. I missed Waylon Jennings a lot when I was coming up. I didn't quite come up on a lot of his stuff or his life or that matter, but I definitely could understand that feeling. That's what I thought I was doing with this career originally was like I thought I could just be a degenerate all the time. And now it's like when you got a 3:00 AM lobby call to get to a radio station, I'm like, what the fuck is this? I did not sign up to music to do this bullshit. I wanted to stay out till three. I wanted to be up till 9:00 AM a rock star and sleep till 4:00 PM and hit soundcheck. That's what the vibe was. But I was walking into, but it's not that you can't avoid adulthood with anything you do, I don't think.


Yeah, once You're inside the fantasy you're like, oh this isn't quite how I pictured it. It's beautiful but it's like, fuck man, I just gotta wake up and feel like shit or wake up, make sure I don't feel like shit. I would argue too, your specific story is a very extreme example of it too. As far as like the highs and lows we're only one year out from loose control coming out. Yeah. It's like a week from now or something. Yeah. Wow. Doing well. Making baby steps, baby steps, getting closer, getting closer. And then the floodgates must listened to Song of the Year. Obama's favorite song. Yeah. That was sick. That was, that was such a cool moment for me. What I was lit up about that. Yeah. I made his little playlist. It was so sick.


That song just goes to show you how the old way of doing something still works. 'cause I had thought for so long that maybe a good song wasn't enough to just go anymore. 'cause there's like a hundred thousand songs that come out a day on Spotify. Right. A lot of these are backed up by trends via TikTok, Instagram, whatever have you. And when those trends start to happen, those songs start to hold up their hand and it does make the playing field very, even a 15-year-old can record it and it's bad and do what I could never do when I was 15 or what I could do even now. So I think it's a beautiful way of even in the playing field. But when I look at that song in particular, it's not been a flash in the pan and it's been not backed by a trend. But also us going to every place and touring on this song for over a year and hitting every radio station and shaking every hand and asking them to play it and meeting and bringing them to the show.


Having a drink with this guy from the radio station, making great friends with them and working the song And, you could still work it that way. The promo is so important. Meeting those people are so important. 'cause the next song, they're like, that's my boy Teddy. I want that guy to win. And whether the song is trash or good has to be good to some degree I'm sure. But I think now when you make those connections and when you go over to the UK five times, six times in a year, And, you meet all those people And, you shake all those hands and even your label people, you're not just a name that slides across their desk to them. That's my dog. I want to win. And when you get that real personal connection with people, then I think that will always take you further in life. I would Find it more satisfying if I were you as well. That it wasn't even in a genre that's working at number one.


It's not like you listen to that And, you're like yeah, that's the one that'll catch on. It's not resembling any of the other top. It just Went last week, number one on RB radio. It's already been number one on pop radio and it's number one on billboard and rock radio. It's worked at and every different place it could be. Okay. But back to Conyers You. were playing football as a little guy. And then you eventually discovered musical theater or theater in 10th grade. Yeah, 10th grade I got in. But Who were you socially? Everyone kinda liked you. You were a good time Charlie. Yeah, Absolutely. Did girls like you yet? I was always nervous about that. I had a bunch of girls that were friends and I was always kind of like a serial dater where I was just jumping into a relationship and then being that for two, three years and then jump right into another one.


Right. And I kind of did that for a lot of my life. Starting in what grade? My first one I got serious about was ninth grade. We were together for I think two, three years. That's A long time in high school. From high school. Yeah. Yeah. We were broken up for like all the three days when I got into another one for like another three years. Oh yeah. It was insane. It's been that way except for where I'm currently at. I took months off before I dove back into something. 'cause I've just been that way like, oh I love you. I can't help it. I fall in love so quick. Now do you, well we'll get to that I guess. But when you start doing musical theater, you do Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dream coat. Yeah. The first one we ever did actually was a show called Damn Yankees. So me and my best pal Jesse, who still plays with me, his dad was a guitarist and sang and their whole family was big into music.


And when I first started hanging out with him, I was the first time I ever saw somebody play and sing, he was in his basement and he had this PA set up and he started singing Bon it. Did that. Yeah. And I was like, dude, your dad is badass, bro. Seen A million Faces. Yeah. So sick bro. So me and Jesse started playing all the time and we sucked so bad originally. What age is this? 13. We were coming right outta eighth grade. We get dropped off at the movie theater and take that 20 bucks our parents gave us and not go to the movies. Do what you would think of 14 year olds do with $20. Of course. Course. We just sit out there and sing acapella. Trying to harmonize, trying to sing for anybody that let us sing. And his sister got us in a theater when I was in 10th grade. And I remember still to this day, I was doing that damn Yankee show. And I had two lines I think in it.


My mom was crying so bad when I told her, I was like, I don't wanna play football anymore. I'm done with football. And she pulled out all this old memorabilia, you know, where she had the magnets and all my trophies and she was like, why would you do This to us? We'd play football. Oh, why would you Do this? Was your brother playing football? Well my older brother, he never played but my two little, I guess we're not all playing football. Why do you suppose that was an important endeavor for her? I don't know. My dad did and my other brothers did. It's a southern thing and we always did since I was a little kid. Since I've been like five, she watched me on the football field. But Do you think she was worried about you missing out on the teammate experience? I'm trying to imagine what it is she thought football was giving you Guys. I think it was the fear of change that I was gonna do something else.


But it wasn't until I did that first show and I'd sang my two little lines and I get out and my mama was like, baby, I'm so sorry. That's where you belong. Oh Holly. So yeah, she flipped. So all she had to see me was on stage twice, two lines and just be like, wow baby, you go for it. That's good. You know, she was the sweetest as that. Oh good. You want write over? Yeah, write over. And then you started singing in the chorus in high school. Yeah. Funny enough, my senior year I was kind of really falling behind. I was such a bad student. And we had this credit recovery thing where you would go in class And, you could do a few weeks of online bullshit and get your credits there. And so I found this thing called Alpha and Mega and Conyers. And it's basically you go pick up work every week for like eight weeks and you'd read a chapter And, you could pretty much Google all the answers, do the test on the back and then turn it in.


You get credit. So I went over one summer going into my senior year, did all my senior core classes and all my credits I was behind. 'cause I was still practically in 10th grade going into senior year. So I was like, fuck it. If I just do all these I can come back and not have to do anything but theater. Right. Smart. So I had already had my credits and so I remember the principal calling in the office and talking to my mom and she was like, I'm not signing off on this. You just coming in here to do theater course show choir and video production. That's not gonna happen. You can't do that. And I was like, well I already got the credits So I am Doing that. So that's what I'm doing. Yeah. And she's like, well I'm still kidding you in the classes. And I was like, well I'm not going. And so I stayed all my core classes my senior year. Just didn't go to it. I got zeros. I graduated at the bottom of my class, but I did graduate so fuck her.


You know? Yeah. You did it. Because she couldn't say I couldn't do that. But they passed a law in Rockdale County now that they can't do joint enrollment in places. I think I ruined it for some of the kids that were getting college credit. Sure. And maybe for the best. Stay tuned for more Armchair. Expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. There's never been a better time to create your own website thanks to Squarespace. Especially because of their new guided design system. Blueprint AI choose from professionally curated layout and styling options. And then Blueprint AI can build a unique online presence from the ground up tailored to your brand or business and optimized for every device. And I'm not just saying the experience is good, even our site is powered by Squarespace. We're putting our site where our mouth is. That's right. Check out Squarespace dot com for a free trial or go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain.


This episode is brought to you by PayPal. Say yes to summer because now you can get cash back on many of your favorite brands with PayPal I mean look, I am even using it to take the kids to the zoo. Yeah. That's how useful PayPal is. It's ubiquitous. Which is really nice. Yes. And, you get cash back. I Also like it 'cause you can send money with PayPal to friends. Oh Yeah. Which means going Hals these when your BFF visits this summer or Callie and I live in the same city so she's not visiting, but we are going on a trip and so we're gonna have to do a lot of Splities And fire money back and forth to each other. That's right. With even more cash back in your pocket when you pay with PayPal. Saying yes to Summertime Fund just got a whole lot easier. Make sure to download the PayPal app. An account with PayPal is required to send and receive money, redeem points for cash and other options. Terms apply.


we are supported by Jersey. Mike Subs. Oh I love Mike's Yummy. Yummy Yummy. It's So good. What's better than a great sub on a summer's day If you're going to the beach Jersey Mike's is my move every single time. Oh, you Can't lose getting one Exactly the way you like it from Jersey Mike's Jersey. Mike's uses only the highest quality of meat sliced right in front of you, piled high with the freshest toppings. It's a Jersey Mike's thing. You know I have a friend who's a chef. Yeah. And he loves Jersey Mike's Of course. And that's how you Know. So if you're planning a summer picnic, backyard adventure or beach day Jersey, Mike's has got you covered. Jersey Mike's a sub above order on the app today or visit Jersey mike's dot com to learn more.


Did you have any fantasies about like going to do musical theater? Yeah, I still wanted to want to pursue that again eventually. But I've kind of put myself in a box on roles I can play With the tattoos. Yeah. It's gotta be a specific role. Now if it comes to acting again, I was thinking that, well When did tattoos start? I got my first one when I was 16. I got it covered up. It was a cross and I had my last name in a bander. It said Dimsdale and it said established 1992. It was so corny, bro. And I cutting the sleeves off my shirt like Yeah dude. By the time I was 18 I was like, what the fuck? This is so stupid. It's not that I don't think kids should get tattoos, it's just that they can't pick a good one. I'd almost sign off on it. But they need like a panel of elders that approves your tattoo.


I Agree. And not that I'm the one to take advice of tattoos from, but I think 16 year olds might be too early. Kind of the first one you see, you're like that look awesome. Yeah. Doesn't really matter what it is you See. And I thought I was having the cross in my name and like, you know I was like, this is, you really thought it through. Yeah, I tried anyway but I just wanted something. You Know what's cute, Monica? Is I heard him say in interview that what he wanted to be when he grew up was tattooed. That was destination. Yeah. And that wasn't a real job. Obviously doing tattoos is one receiving Money. Yeah. I remember my mom used to give us $10 at the end of the week when we did our chores for the week. And so on Sunday we'd have to go to church and then we'd have to give 10% of our ties and offerings, which is a good thing. And I appreciate that principle now. But giving up a dollar outta $10, like I was like, fuck, I'm broke now.


And my older brother would always give $5 'cause he's a fucking overachiever. Wow. Show off. Yeah. What a weenie. And I would go to the Mexican restaurant every Sunday or he ci, they have those fake tattoo machines and I put them cords in and just cash out, slap em, stand in the mirror all over my body Feeling awesome. Yeah. And Did you feel protected by them? Like what was the Draw? I know I just felt tough. All the people I looked up to had tattoos and they were bad asses. My first concert I went to and found this bug for was 2007 Warp Tour. Paramore was there, circus vibe, probably War was there. Yeah. He warp Tour Cohi and Cambria. There was so many great bands at the time that were just my world. And What actors did you think were cool? Adam Sanders. My fucking dude. Not Jack Black. Jack Black is my dude too. But Adam Sandler is I mean.


I got, that's quite classic. Billy Madison tattooing Carl Weathers from Travis Peterson from Happy Gilmore right here. My dad raised me on nothing but Adam Sandler and Martin Lawrence and Chris Farley and SNL cast. You want to know a trip Teddy? The CEO of Ford right now is Chris Farley's cousin. No way. Jim Farley. And we interviewed him and it's uncanny. Yeah. They're so similar. I was tripping out thinking at times. I was talking to Chris. I think that blood really runs thick. Yes. Very Specific. Yeah. I just recently listened to the book, the Chris Farley show. His brothers got together and wrote and it's beautiful if you haven't ever read it. Oh, I haven't. Oh, it's about his whole life. The ending of it is just the last words he says in his life is just so sad.


He's been up for four days. His prostitute is leaving his hotel and he goes after her and he collapses and then she takes his watch and stuff and leaves him a note. And last thing he says to her before she goes is, please don't leave me. And then they find him dead like the next evening. Yeah. Yeah. Such deep loneliness. God, It's so sad. I mean, especially if You were struggling, his story would just have you in absolute tears. It's so powerful and sad. Yeah, it is. There's a lot of things in that stew. It's not just addiction, it's also these highs and lows we're talking about. Yeah. This kind of untenable high of public adoration and then yeah, loneliness and then an ability to connect with anybody, but also not being with anybody ever.


That's so much of it too is that ability to always want to please and want to be around and and as soon as people are around, you gotta make 'em comfortable. But then you kind of feel more alone in a lot of those rooms too, where you're just, or it's turning off and turning it on. That's the biggest thing I struggle with too, is that there's times I'm like, oh fuck, I can't deal with all these people, you know? But as soon as I do, it's always the turning it on is the hard part. But once I'm on, it's like, how am gonna get this off? There's just this black and white thing that's going on all the time in your brain. There's no InBetween. Yeah. It's just on or off. What kind of things were you struggling with as a kid in high school? Sounds like you had friends. You fucking finagled this school system. You're performing, you got a good dad. A lot of what I struggled with is a lot of stuff with my mother and I wanted to live with my dad and I, I don't wanna like, I don't know if I'm ready to quite talk about certain things with my mother and her man she married and that whole side of the family.


It's not something I've really publicly spoke about. And I don't know if my mom would be like, yeah, yeah, You don't wanna hurt your Mom. Yeah. But we went through a big really tough time and with her decisions she made with that man and I had to get outta there. And there was a lot of times where they were doing fine, but I'd rather live with my dad and struggle in the hood and raise my brothers. It was always a love there that I was getting. Love was so much more than just this fake picture of what a beautiful house and a beautiful life looks like. I think there was a lot of it too in regards to my upbringing in church and seeing the inside and outs of it. A lot of smoke and mirrors to it. Not that my granddad was ever not who he said he was. There was also some things about it that was so strong like this is right and this is wrong. There's no gray areas. And the way he believed everything was right and if you didn't believe it exactly how he believed it, the way he believed it, then You were just wrong and You were going to hell.


Right. It wasn't just a disagreement, it was you're amoral and you're gonna end up in hell because of this difference. Yeah. And if you don't believe it, just like he did I mean he was headstrong so much that he wouldn't even go to a restaurant where there was a bar in it. He had a wood shop, he would never take money from the church. As a pastor, he is like, we don't do that. He was working on building houses. He was a carpenter. He had to be exactly what he read. Jesus was and sweet man. But if it wasn't this way, I remember one of the first things he said to me, he wanted me to come sing at the church when I really started getting music. And he was like, all these kids out here nowadays break Danson and hip hopp and all that for the Lord. And I was like, pop, nobody's broke dance since my mom was growing up, dog. We're not break Danson for the Lord, I was over. We're break Danson for the Lord. Let 'em break dance for the Lord.


Man, that's not a sin. It's not bad to do rap songs for Jesus. If they wanna do that, let them kids Do that. I mean the songs will probably be bad, but there's nothing wrong with it. Yeah. And my mom was always thinking I was up to something. I knew that came from a place of her just trying to seem like she was perfect. But also she was a pastor's kid. And now that I'm older I'm like, oh You, were a fucking wild one. And You were thinking I was doing shit that I was not even doing. She was thinking I was into all sorts of drugs at like 12 that I was like, mom, I don't even know anybody that does that. I haven't even seen anybody doing crack in front of me. What do you think I'm doing? Yelling my window shut. Like, oh, I know what you did. You snuck out. You jumped down here, you jumped off the roof. And you. I'm like, no mom, I'm just walking out the front door if I'm going anywhere. I got into boozing way too early when I was at my mom's. They had a bar downstairs, you know, my stepdad had.


And I could just go in there and kind of fill up a water bottle. I had been probably drinking since I was like 10. Just slugging 'em back on the bus, you know? And being a little hammered at school. And I'm like, it's seventh grade. And we're like, What comfort did it give you? The only time I was really optimistic in life was when I had booze in me. When I think about why I started drinking or why I started smoking cigarettes, it was truly to be cool, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And that was all there was to it. I was just wanted to be cool and I was hanging out with these kids and they were smoking weed and I wanted to smoke weed and if I could be the one to get the alcohol, then I was the fucking legend. And I could get it at any point. No telling what we were drinking. We were just mixing shit up in a water bottle and like I was bringing it out to the boys and we're walking through the neighborhood like slugging it back or hey mister and somebody at the gas station like, Hey mister, can you get us a 40?


Can you get us a pack of cigarettes? And there's always somebody that would You knew better than to say, Hey ma'am. Yeah, exactly. MAs weren't buying too Much. Hell no. Underage triggers. Okay, so music takes off. You start really committing to it. You start messing around with the piano and the ukulele. You're watching YouTube to learn singing technique. Yeah. Which by the way is kind of mind blowing that. Yeah. If you're born in 92, this is, it's an option for you. It's a total road. I wouldn't have had that. Yeah. It's a perfect time. I think it's super powerful. That's why I think kids these days are so much more well off. You know, you can school at any moment and there's an 11-year-old doing what we think we are good at, way better than we'll ever be at it. There's access to information and being able to learn and play is study it so much harder than what even I had.


And I'm grateful for that. I could just Google, you know, if I wanted to watch Marvin Gaye and watch him live, I could see videos of him sitting there singing and watch his mouth and what he's doing. How do he moved? And I could watch Grammy performances of Michael Jackson. I remember the first time I saw Michael Jackson do that one where he beats the record, he gets seven Grammys, he goes on to get a eighth one that same night for thrill. And he's like, I promise that if I win another Grammy, which is seven, which is a record, I take my glasses off and I really don't want to, but I'm only doing this for Miss Hepburn 'cause she's a dear friend of mine and he just pulls them up and everybody Oh my God. Like, and he puts him down and he just waves and he walks off. And I was like, that is most gangster shit I've ever seen. I know. Can you imagine having America excited to see you take your glasses on me.


Yes. He was so sick. He was so badass to me. And I just like knew from that point I was just watching him. I was always like, God, what a fucking badass Dude. Did you watch that Greatest Night in pop music documentary on Netflix? Oh, I Have not. No. Oh My god, your head's gonna spin. It's about them coming together to make We Are The World. And you've got like Quincy Jones. Hell yeah. And and Lionel Richie kind of orchestrating everything. And it's every single greatest singer alive in this one room. The kind of two undeniable standouts of the doc are Michael Jackson. He's somehow on his own. Everyone else is together, but he's on his own. And when he sings you're like, yeah, that's it. There's just really no comparing Bob Dylan, he's not that kind of singer.


So he can't really find his way into this song. And they're all struggling. They're all struggling. And then Stevie Wonder imitates Bob Dylan to Bob Dylan and they're on his back. And when you're watching it, you think it's Bob Dylan singing. So Stevie Wonder singing in Dylan's voice, explaining to him what notes he should find to work his way into this song. And he kind of saves Bob Dylan's performance. And you're like, okay, well that guy's just a pheno. What A monster man. Stevie Wonder. Yeah, song's the key life. Number one for me man. I'd love to be breathing the same air. Yeah, he is the one. So you join a bunch of bands, I'm imagining it takes you a minute. A, you're probably just saying yes to any opportunity that comes your way. These dudes want you to sing with 'em.


Great. I'm in. How do we get from saying yes to everything, being in a hair metal cover band, being an RB band, being in an alternative rock band. How do you discover what you're really supposed to be singing? I had the same guys. It was kind of a tight knit community of musicians and a lot of kids were doing metal from when I got outta high school till even now, you know? And I was still in a metal band called Aris at the time and this band called Wild Heart. Me and my buddy Addie Maxwell who plays guitar for me still and writes a lot with me. So weird man. I had everything kind of happened to me once. This girl I was with her at the time had left me, my car broken down, my roommates had moved out. I walked like the last two miles to my work and the place was closing down everything, just hit the fan at once and really bad off at the time. What age is this? I must have been 26, 27.


This was right before Teddy Swims really started happening. And at the time I was with this girl who had a child and her baby daddy wasn't around. And I was even about to go get this full-time job and was trying to like think, I was like, you know what man, maybe I just need to raise this kid. He's worth it. And I almost gave it up and all this shit just hit the fan all at once. And I had called my dad and I was like, man, can I move there to your house? And I just really need to place a crash for a couple months. So I put my mattress basically on the floor in his garage and just try to like camp out there. And there was no carpet or anything. And my buddy Lee, who had recorded most of my metal bands was actually in Loganville. He was right down the road from my dad's house. And so we started just kind of messing with stuff and he got me in this band Wild Heart. And that started going somewhere and me and Addie started doing hip hop music 'cause he was making beats for some rappers and sending it out.


And we decided to make a hip hop song. And we did one song and my pal, Tyler Carter was in this band Issues. He comes over and he's doing a solo tour and he hears our one song and he's like, man, this shit's badass dude. Gimme like 30 minutes of music and you guys come on tour with me. I'm like, we only have one song. He's like, I'm gonna the UK with issues. It is only four minutes long. So He's like, I'm gonna the UK with issues and I'll be back in a month. You have a month to get like 30 minutes of music. So me and Addie grind it out a bunch of hip hop songs where we're rapping on these songs. Is the quality Going downhill quickly? It's Getting better. Oh, it's even Better. Yeah, it's getting better. We're getting better at rapping. Addie's crushing it. I'm okay, but it's not my thing. I'm here to sing, but this is my opportunity to go on tour, so fuck it. We're here. So we get back, we have this thing trying to figure out our name. I was going by swims by that time and it was just someone who was a me play this character of this rapper.


Tyler's like, why don't we just put Teddy in front of Everybody calls you that and then boom, you're Teddy Swims. And I was like, dude, I really kind of fucking hate that. And then he's like, well it's my tour so I'm putting it on the flyer. So it was Addie Maxwell and Teddy Swims opening up for Tyler Carter. Because you're Jayden Collinsdale. Yes sir. Jayden. That's a pretty unique name. Yeah, it is. I've never met another one. Yeah, Neither but You. were going by Teddy. Yeah, I've always been called Teddy. 'cause Well I was waiting tables and stuff. Jayden's hard. They're like, Jake, Jamie, Jason. So my look, it's just how he Oh there's your Teddy. Oh, like Teddy bear. Yeah. And that's where it Just kind of came along. Sweet Jayden. That's so sweet. I dunno what they calling you. Yeah, the Teddy. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. We ended up doing this tour and this was March of 2019 and then we get back and to Teddy Swims thing was kind of cool.


Maybe I could do shit of Steady Swims. And I just used the name Teddy Swims and uploaded a Michael Jackson cover of Rock with You watched it this morning? Yeah, it's incredible. June 25th, 2019. And that was 10 years after he died. And so we wanted just pay homage and it started going crazy and we were like, guys, why don't we just turn this shit into Teddy Swims? Let's see what happens here. And we kept doing the covers. And most beautiful thing is my manager Luke, who lives out here, he hopped in a car and drove a Prius with a U-Haul in the back of it all the way to Georgia. And we moved into this little house in Snellville. It was a five bedroom house. Me and all my friends, about 12 of us moved into this place and we built ply board walls and built two studios in there, split rooms into two rooms. I was like, dude, if we get six months, we started making our merch and distributing it out of the garage, filming our own stuff, singing and recording our own stuff.


Playing and writing our own stuff, doing the covers. I quit, my job was getting floated by my boys and just six months of this guys, this will work. And I kid you not. December 24th, 2019, a day less than six months we get signed a Warner Records and I get his fucking million dollar deal and put all my buddies on salary. The manifestation of just you and your friends coming together and be like, guys, we can do this if we just all put our heads together. Yeah. Aww. It's kind of the full commitment moment. It feels Like you're so behind on life. It's always at the 28, 29, 30 mark. You're just like, God, I'm so far behind. And the kids that are coming up too that are making music, like you got Billy Eilish crushing at 16. I'm like, what the fuck am I doing here? I'm a decade older than her. Yeah. What's gonna happen to me? Why pick rock with you? I want to applaud that. I think Off the Wall's the best of all those Albums.


Yeah. I got it hanging on my wall now, man. Rock with you. Weirdly enough. Because it was that time we had found the stems of it online. Sometimes producers wanted just take something and mix. You know, a producer was just going in and he had found the stems of it and was like, I wanna mix this out. Which is really cool. 'cause you can hear Rod Temperton when you get all the stems to the song, you can actually mute a bunch of the stuff and there's the original mumble track of it too. And so you hear Red and he's just like kind of doing the mumble Wow. Really? Where They wrote it to guiding them. And it's so cool. It's like they had the instrumental Donna, he went and made up the melody with his mumbles and then they went and wrote the words to the mumbles. Wow. Which is so sick. And is that in the finished song?


The mumbles aren't, but when you get the stems you can hear that they kept that in there. It's so crazy. 'cause it's similar to a lot of times we do the same thing where you just kind of come up with a mumble of the melody first and then sometimes you might be almost saying a word and you're like, what are you saying there? Oh shit, that sounds like you're saying this. And then you come up with some beautiful words. My song The Door for instance, my buddy just already had the beat and the bumble of it and we'd kind of just, oh it sounded like you said started writing to this. Huh? You reverse engineer it kind of. Yeah. And so it was cool to see that happen and see that was still the way that it was done. Yeah. Now Rock With You got, I don't know, 10 million views or something, or maybe more. When I looked at it this morning, had 2 million views. But you're still the one by Shania Twain. Seems like a very from left field choice. Oh my god, I need to hear that.


And that one is 167 million views. It was Monster. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably the one that gets Warner Records attention. I think The biggest thing is, 'cause the original version we did of it, I dedicated it. My mother and I was like, this goes out my mom, you know I love you and the touch people, it's Kind of a mystery 'cause Rock with You seems more in tune with you. It just doesn't seem like you're gonna sing that. That why I, why think. There's also some of the mixed messages of looking at you singing that song is very interesting. That's the thing that first worked out for me on Rock With You is once it hit this 500,000 views, people were looking at my face and my whole thing going on and singing that song. They were like, okay, either this is gonna be funny or this is gonna be really good. Yes, yes. Or it's gonna be both.


And it ended up being I think, quite funny. And actually good people were like, I did not expect this guy to sing this way. So we kinda leaned into that gimmick so much and it's been a thing that's really pivotal in my career. Real music videos have never worked for us. Just play the song. The Road quite works for you. I just find that it's always when somebody says like listen to this guy. Okay, now look what he looks like. You know? Yeah. It's always been my thing. And so we just totally fucking lean in Pedal to the metal on making sure my face is in everything and why I'm singing. So people are like, whoa, that's a good voice. but don don't think it's as good as the juxtaposition versus what I look like. People are fucking stunned and it's helped me out so much. That makes sense. Yeah. If you look the part perfectly, it would be a foregone conclusion. Yeah. So there's nothing novel or interesting about it.


Wwe, you gotta work the fucking gimmick. You know? You gotta just gotta have some gimmick that gets people's attention. But do you think it's By design a little bit, even just in life, do you like presenting one way? I had a buddy of mine, my best pal from school, Julian Seltzer man, he's my dog. And he told me one time, it was a few years ago before all this, he said, you're really an icon when somebody can dress as you for Halloween and people can know it's you. And I remember hearing that and being like, okay, what do I gotta do from here to make sure that's the case? And I've spent forever trying to be like, okay, what do I like to put a little bandana and grow my hair out this way, tattoo my face. What do I gotta do here to make me different? Yeah, right. But I definitely put a lot of thought and effort To Certainly people went as you to Halloween last year. Yeah. Have you seen any pictures?


Yeah, I have a picture also my buddy Kurt, my door manager, his little cousin, they'd written all the, and I had this one, I can't remember the family on Instagram, they did a video, it's lose control and he's like kind of mouthing it. They came to my show and my meet and greet too and he had us all dressed up and shit with the tattoos going and they drew 'em on. It's so cool bro. Watching kids do that especially. Oh man. Yeah. It's so awesome. Obviously I have tattoos but I have no face tattoos. What's the chat in your head as you go in and you're like wow, we're gonna go all in on this? Well The first one I got, so it's his home at last up here on Your hairline. My Granddad had passed away. It was really the first time I ever saw him death right there in front of me. So he was in his room and they had separate rooms within their 52 years. You know, eventually, I guess you just get separate rooms.


She Got sick of hearing it. Yeah. She wasn't doing it right Probably. So I'm sitting there playing piano. Like I said, we're all in this diamond, so there's like 50 of us. By the time I get there, everybody in the family's so quick to go right there. So my grandma's trying to be all strong. And she sits there with me after everybody walks outta the room and she finally breaks down and she said he's home at last. He's home at last. And then she goes, but you left me behind. And sobs and sobs. He'd always told me to never get my face tattooed. 'cause calling a God is without repentance, son, you don't ever want to get your face tattooed. Oh. And as soon as he'd passed away, I just got one in commemorate of him just to be like a little bit of a, I love you brother. I love you in a fuck you guys. I love you pop. You're the fucking man. But if heaven exists and he owes me an ass whooping when I get up there, you know?


And then from there I just kind of got a little carried away. Now I just fucking get him. Sometimes I just get the itch. And there's been times where I've been on the road too where it's been bad. Like last October 5th, my base, his birthday, we had a tattoo artist come in and he wanted to get like a little party hat right here on his wrist. And I was like, just dude on my face dude. I got this dumb ass party hat right here. I was so hammered. I wake up the next day like trying to lick it off and I was like, oh shit, when did I get that dude? Oh okay, so that one you regret. I mean It's there, it's whatever. It's my I didn immediately have regrets to it. And they were like, bro, you don't remember all night. You're walking around just bouncing your eyebrows. Like party jumping, party jumping, party jumping, party jumping. I was like, dude, y'all should have put me to bed way earlier then. Why the fuck was I doing man? What A piece of p trash I was.


Yeah. Because I guess I sometimes assume the saddest thing. When I see people like, let me put it this way, I have none on my left arm. Well I have a couple but I'm not covering my left arm. 'cause I actually like how my left arm looks. I got a good vein in my bicep. I'm like, well I don't wanna cover that up. So what I know is that if I really like it how it is, I'm not drawn on it. So then I reverse engineer that. Sometimes when I see people with a ton of tattoos on their face, I'm like, they didn't think there was anything to lose. I can see where you're coming from. Maybe It's just me being older. But first of all, when I look at dudes with tattoos, I think they're like me, which is I got fucked with and abused as a kid and I wanna send a message not to fuck with me. I wanna be tough. Maybe There's a piece of that too. I've been too approachable sometimes maybe there's a piece of it inside that subconsciously I do wanna look tougher.


Or maybe there's always this piece of me that feels like I'm judged for being this and I wanna turn people's minds into not judging a book by its cover. I've not put a lot of thought into much of it. Right? So I wouldn't say it's a deep rooted thing. But also when you bring those up, I'm like, yeah, I mean it could be a subconscious thing that I'm doing that I couldn't tell you you're wrong about. But I didn't go into it thinking that I was compartmentalizing or overcompensating for anything. Yeah. How about this though? So the other thing was I was very into punk rock as a kid and what I liked is there was like a costume. So I had the crazy hairdo that would distract you from me. I had crazy clothes on that would distract you. And this character I was playing was seen as super confident girls were like, oh this guy is so confident he's got this crazy hairdo.


No one else does. But it was a total illusion. That's a lot to do with it. A hundred percent. That confidence level is something that I've worked on a lot over the pandemic. I was so fortunate and I have a tattoo of 'em right here. Diamond Dallas Page man, one of my heroes in my life. Who's he? I'm sorry. I'm Diamond Dallas Page is a WCW legend, like a old wrestler. And he started this thing called DDP yoga. And it's this mixture of yoga and calisthenics. It saved a lot of people, gotten a lot of people that were injured back on the field. There's this guy Arthur Boorman you can check out on YouTube and this guy was 300 something pounds and was on Walker, ended up doing DDP for this little time and his whole body healed in this miraculous man. It was running five Ks after that and it's rehabilitation and calisthenics and it's changed so many people's lives and it's been a beautiful thing.


And I spent about six months or so with DDP and we talk once a week and he just got this thing and I mean, he's like, it's really the story you tell yourself once you own this six inch piece of real estate between your ears. And there was so many things I was doing when regards to my weight when I was coming up. I really had a lot of insecurities and a lot of beaten down of myself and was also what was fueling my alcohol and my drug abuse. It was definitely because of a lot of insecurities that I was scared I'd even watch some old plays. And I see myself doing this number while I'm doing plays and not really being confident on stage. And I used to hate watching myself or hearing my voice and there was the time that I went through with him that I constantly have to tell myself these little bitty things. Like when you look yourself in the mirror and say I love you, you are beautiful. It took me forever to get to a point where I even wanna take my shirt off in front of people.


You know I even just the other day I did this shoot, I had to be just kinda shirtless as confident as I feel with my shirt off now doing a shoot that's gonna be on a time square billboard or something. Yeah. Oh my god. Scared to death doing that. Of course you, there's 50 people on this shoot that are just staring at me like, okay now turn this way. And I've just never been that exposed to a people's like eye. They're like, come here, lemme get some makeup here. Yeah let's get some more oil going right here. And I'm like, They're finding problems My, they making adjustments. Oh God pulling my shorts down. I've never been in that place. It was really big eye-opening thing for me. You have to accept yourself and that it's like the hardest thing in the world to do. And when I see people like my beautiful girl now she's just got the perfect body for her to have body dysmorphia. We all have that and there's nobody more beautiful that doesn't have the same thing going on.


What I've stopped feeling so alone in that and I started just accepting this is what I have. So I do think a lot of this was to take away from the, especially these tattoos all in here. It would distract you from my gut or my boobs to kind of give you something else to look at. There was a lot to do with that for sure brother. Of Course. And what's funny is I think the the route to liking yourself, Monica and I have too many conversations about this, but if you're comparing yourself to Brad Pitt Yeah, you're out. I'm out. There's nothing we can do if we're comparing ourselves. But if we remember that actually novelties what's so beautiful. Yeah. Come on In specific like, no, no. That's what you look like And you as defined by who you are and your character.


You are the physical representation of your spirit. And we can all come to think everyone's super attractive if that inside's good And you recognize like, oh, I'm the only one who looks like this. Anytime I can really hone in on that feeling of like, this is the only one that's awesome. It's not Brad bit, but I'm the only one like this. And you're the only one like that. Monica's the only one like that. Although I am starting to wonder now with AI and the sim that there's just like 10 cookie cutters. We're all just 10 cookie cutters with like a little bit of different hair. You Know? I could see that there are certain types. Yes. A big thing for me too is I stop worrying about what I look like in pictures now. 'cause I see myself on stage and people post these pictures of me and I'm just up there like looking crazy.


Sure, sure. And so nowadays I don't really worry about the way I look 'cause you can't control the way you look. The way I look at myself in the mirror is probably even still a fixed up version of myself. Oh I know. Before I even walked to the mirror, I already got the face picked out and I don't even know I'm choosing. Right. Yeah. I'm cool Joe today. Yeah, As soon as I leave the mirror that's little sucking I had going is immediately Out. You're so right. I don't think any of us have any true idea of what we look like. No, we don't have no clue. This'll comfort you. Bradley Cooper was on here saying that he genuinely thought when he won Sexiest Man Alive that it was like a bit that people were fucking with him. He sincerely thought that. You're like, well that's comforting. He Is sexy. Yeah, he's sexy as a motherfucker. My God.


Yeah. Okay, let's get to you writing loose control. 'cause you're prolific, you have that six months of focus, you get signed, you have two eps and then within two years of that you're releasing. I've tried everything but Therapy part one, your album, you're writing hundreds of songs, right? Yeah. I just got back a couple days ago from another writing camp. We were there five days and split up into two rooms with eight of us and our turnout, probably 20 songs. Writing Loose Control I think was the one that we had kind of been building this sound for a long time. I was also in a really toxic thing at the time with an ex I was with. It was Bender to Bender. And I think we both kind of got to this place of being really codependent on this lifestyle we were sharing.


And these high, high and these low love Lifting each other up outta shame all the time. Or piling on shame all the time. Leveraging each other's shame against each other. That Shit. Exactly, bro. You know that too. Well we kind of were into that place and weirdly enough we wrote that song in the door too. It just top 42 on the same day. I had broke down that day and was just sobbing and sobbing about the situation. 'cause it just seemed like it couldn't get better. And every time I was doing something it was like, where are you? What are you doing? I was coming to a head with her and our situation, by The way, that's already a familiar pattern 'cause mom thought You were doing bad stuff you weren't doing. Yeah. So like the familiarity. I think so, yeah. We mistake familiarity. I think a lot with comfort. Comfort and love and all these things.


I think there was just always that piece of it. There's a lot of patterns that I will say that I chosen toxic relationship I had with my mom at some point in my childhood. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we do. Yeah, we All do that. I do that. It's so weird too. 'cause we had written these songs about this certain thing and it's so nuts that we wrote The Door, for instance, tonight, I saved my life when I showed you the Door and I'd wrote this song and I was token about this song. And I didn't even realize, 'cause I was just numbing myself to the situation. Like I knew the song Lose Control was gonna be special. I knew it was gonna change my life. I knew we had nailed it, but it wasn't until way later after it come out and I got outta this situation that I like listened to that song. And then I listened to the door and I listened to a lot of those songs we wrote then and a lot of that album. And I was like, my subconscious was telling me what I should be doing and trying to save me.


And I was just numbing it, not even hearing it for what it was. I heard my own words back to me a few months later just broke down in my car. Like what? Where was I for myself? You know? Myself was like talking to me. I was putting things into words that I needed to hear with friends that wanted to also Tell me what I needed to hear. And I was so numb to that. I love The idea that songs can do this. 'cause I write and often I've written on experiences I've had, and as I'm writing them, I don't really understand them. And then I read what I've written afterwards and all of a sudden I go, oh, okay, now I actually understand it, but I had to write it first. And that's cool that a song can do that as well. I think that's the beauty of writing though, because I find that if you're going through an issue, And, you come to me, I got the exact advice to give you, but if I'm going through that, I'm a fucking wreck, you know?


Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. And so I think it's just turning yourself into something that you can read to give you advice to yourself. You need some Distance from yourself. Exactly. When you turn your words into a friend that somebody else would say to you, then you're like, oh duh. Thanks Bro. Yeah. Appreciate it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're so close to the thing that separation from yourself is really truly like, okay, I see it now. I'm having nightmares every night and I'm freaking out about this thing. I didn't know that it was that cut and dry in my brain, but I had clouded it up with so much shit and I was running from it so much and I just couldn't catch up to myself. It's Kind of crazy how brilliant the subconscious is. It's Mad dude. Well, it's there to protect you too. Sometimes. We're not ready to feel it or understand it.


Yeah. So when you are ready is when you can hear it. So maybe you just weren't there yet. Certainly not to some degree. I wish I would've listened to myself sooner. But it's so great that I did go through those things and I was able to talk about 'em in a way and put 'em in a song in a way that was actually super life changing for me and turned it into such a positive thing. And now I touched so many people and I hear beautiful stories about it touching people's lives and changing people's lives. And when we play those songs or they come on in a party, everybody can celebrate to this absolute pain and turn it into something we can revel in and we can celebrate this pain and agony. And that's such a beautiful thing. Well, you give people the gift of not feeling alone. 'cause they can feel what you're going through. And they Do the same for me, dude. And it's a powerful fucking thing. 2.6 billion streams.


It's fucking nuts. Wow. Wow, wow, wow. That's Crazy. I mean, the title of the album is I've Tried Everything But Therapy Part One. And then I did hear you in another interview say that you're terrified to change because you're afraid that all that stuff is the source of all the creativity. And I'm wondering how you feel a year out from all that. Have you gone to therapy? I guess that's The first question. Well, I talked to my Mentor because I think I got the guy for you. Really? Yeah. I would love to try. I'm guessing I'm projecting, but I have a very hard time. I'm a paradox. I want everyone's adoration. And when I get everyone's adoration, I can't feel it or experience it or accept it. And then that leaves me feeling completely fraudulent and unworthy of it.


And then my reaction to it has been so varied. Like I don't wanna take pictures. Why? Well, the truth is 'cause I don't really feel worthy of you wanting a picture with me. So I'm annoyed. I'm experiencing being annoyed. But that's not even what was going on. It was like, oh no, I just actually don't feel like I deserve to be in someone's photo. And this dude that I've been working with for two and a half years has got me to a place where I totally accept it. And it's been crazy breakthrough for me. And it's decompressed all the highs and lows of it. Connectively with him. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's been the biggest thing is if I've talked to somebody here and there and DD P's the closest guy I've got to it. 'cause he's also been able to help me navigate this growth and this rocket ship and how fast life is changing right now.


I would love to talk to somebody that knows those kind of things. 'cause just going to a traditional therapist, I mean they can help. You're A pretty foreign object for them. Yeah. And I want to talk to somebody that knows what I'm going through right now on the journey to become whatever it is I'm yeah. Aiming to do. And don't you have this pole or I have this pole, which is to acknowledge I am good would be sacrilegious. That's flying too close to the sun. Right. That God's gonna smite me if I actually believe I'm worried of it. Yeah, Absolutely. I mean it's so awful though. Then you don't experience any of the wonderful magical things that are happening to you because you think to do so would be to anger the gods that you would be getting too big and bold and egomaniacal just to accept, not to pray it around like I'm Teddy Swims, but just to fucking accept it.


Yeah, totally. But that's okay. And you're not smiting anyone. You're not flying too close to it. You're not an egomaniacal asshole. You're just like going, I can own the fact that I opened up my mouth in 2.6 billion times. People wanted to hear that. 'cause I found something special. It's hard. Please. I'm right there. Yeah. Thank. you see it right through me. Yeah. For Certain. And then when you're drunk you can accept it. Oh God, I'm the best. Yeah, No, no worries about being too egomania. And I'm hammered. I'm inseparably Drunk. Yeah, baby. I find too that my writing, you know, using that as a tool, it allows me to feel like my ideas are super strong. And sometimes I'll have the same ideas if I'm sober, but it's been taking me forever.


'cause I'll be like, oh, maybe this could be, or maybe this could be a course like this. But when I'm a drunk asshole, I'm like upping like, dude, what if it's yay? You know? And I'm just jumping around and I'm like, this is it. Okay. This is the next part. There's this confidence to me. And this song is great to me that even if after the next day it's absolute garbage. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was so confident. And every part of it was correct. You weren't afraid to take a huge swing enough. I feel like sometimes in the room, I'm trying to now learn. You don't have to be hammered to write a good song. You could not drink and write a great song. And learning that has been a pivotal thing in my life. Yeah. 'cause the broken math in your equation, it is not being drunk that allows you to do that. It's confidence that allows you to do that. And that's just a version of getting confidence. And there's other versions.


But the fear that the magic that is you would disappear without it is bullshit. If anything, it might be hindering. Yeah. Absolute bullshit. For sure. And also will dictate whether you get to do this for five more years or 40 more years. Yeah, exactly. But entertainment littered with that. I mean. Jackie Gleason never performed sober in his mind. He couldn't do standup sober, he couldn't be in movies sober. He acted hammered. But that was a lie. Jackie Gleason could have been Jackie Gleason without anything. Last Year I did my first Europe tour sober and I did this year most of it's sober. And I try to make sure I take those times to try to do shows. But I always find that when I'm going back into doing show sober, the first couple are just absolute nerve wracking. Oh my God, I don't have this energy. But the energy's gonna be there.


As soon as you hear the adoration and the love in the room, it just turns right on. It's Walking to the wings of the stage. Yeah. Once you're at the stage looking, doesn't something take over you? Yeah, Absolutely. I don't need it. But for some reason there's a piece of my brain that says, I'm just funnier. I'm cooler. It's Scary. All this stuff. Alcohol removes fear. It literally removes inhibition. That's what it does. So everything that's objectively scary becomes less scary. But you have to like get through the fear four times and then it's over. Does that make sense? Yeah, Absolutely. Although I will say one time I interviewed Monica in Denver, our guest fell out, their plane didn't come. So she became the subject of the live interview and we got some wine bottles out there to Yeah.


Yeah. I mean I drink. I'm not saying that I'm immune to this. That's why I can say that because it makes things less daunting. All of it. Oh yeah. It makes time change. It works. Works. It Works. It makes it so much easier to get to know somebody and not be afraid to step out and be like, yay, what's up? The innovations are just, yeah. Yeah. There's a piece of me that always loves me that way. I love that guy. But also that guy can be achieved without Totally. But I just haven't figured that guy out yet. Well, You're 31. Hey. No, you're You're already young. You have time. Yeah. Yeah. I got sober at 29. Also, it's funny, when you're in it, you do love the person. You love the drunk version of yourself or the inebriated version or whatever.


But if you're on video and then you see you don't like that person, I don't know. I had a zone. Monica. I got a sweet Spot. Drop Spot Baby. It's hard to live in The Sweet six Jack and night. It's like, I can watch that video, but like how do you know? Have you? Well, yeah. We used to take so much video back when I was drinking and yeah, there's a sweet spot. There's one in particular. We go on this tubing trip in Michigan. We get on the bus, we're running a lot of video and we're only about seven, eight beers deep. And then we decide, let's do a second run down the river three hours later after drinking. And then the footage from that parking lot. Yeah. I'm not as funny as I thought I was. That one right there is a little Yeah. Tipped.


Yeah.


Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert. If you dare, Apple Card is the perfect cash back rewards credit card. Earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase every day. Then grow it at 4.4% annual percentage yield when you open a savings account with Apple Card. Visit apple.co/card calculator to see how much you can earn Apple card subject to credit approval savings available to Apple card owners, subject to eligibility, savings accounts provided by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA member FDIC. Terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon. This back to school season. Spend less on your kids with Amazon. Amazon is the very best place to go back to school shopping with your kids because you start with what you're going to get. When I have gone to a store, the sky's the limit. Aw. All of a sudden we need six backpacks. And, you need some. You Can't make a decision. You need Yeah. Binders for 45 subjects. Amazon, we know what we want. We go, we get it. It saves me a fortune. I love it. We love it. I've used Amazon a few times to get school supplies for teachers. Oh, on their wishlist. Yes. Yes. That's the easiest way possible. You ship it right to them. Exactly. Yeah. It's the greatest. So remember with Amazon's low back to school prices, just spend less on your kids because every dollar you don't spend on them is a dollar you haven't spent on them. Visit amazon.com/back to school to shop now and spend less on your kids.


We are supported by ikea. You know, I was just in Scandinavia. Monica. Yes. You were home of Ikea and I was on Keen alert to see some native ikea's and I did. Wow. I think we have the biggest Ikea in the world. You do in Burbank. I think so. It is a monster. You know what's better than a pretty good night out? A really, really good night in, you know, those golden moments that come around once in a while when you finally feel you can say no to plans and yes to staying at home and chilling out. It's the best. Trust me. I know. And so does ikea. They've got what you need to design a bedroom. You'll never wanna leave. In fact, they've got a whole system for it. See, they believe in six sleep essentials, sound, light, air quality, room style and furnishings and temperature. So of course they've got a solution for each one. That'll work for your taste. And as always, IKEA prides itself on providing high quality solutions at an affordable price with options for every kind of budget. So what are you waiting for? Go ahead and experience the joy of missing out. Get your sleep essentials in store or online@ikeausa.com slash sleep with pickup and delivery options. Click or tap the banner to shop now and sleep better with ikea.


So you're going out on tour soon. You're going back to Europe. We're Gonna Australia on the first July. We're doing our first arenas in Australia and New Zealand. Wow. Arenas. It is huge, dude. Man, it's So cool. How exciting. So you started in New Zealand and then you go to Australia. It's My favorite place in the world. Australia. You've already been? Yeah. We've been out there every year. We go and we've been building this thing up to be to that point. The big thing about touring now is that it's such a different business now than it used to be. You can have a hit and not be able to sell a 500 cap room. And. you could be number one song and not be able to sell those tickets. Streams. Doesn't quite put asses in a seats. We go and we played everything from the 300 cap to the a thousand cap to the 1500 cap. Every place that'll let us in that we haven't played at, we're playing.


Whether it's a 5,000, 10,000, whatever it is, we're playing those places, we're putting that flag down somewhere. And, you have to do that in order to maintain. 'cause I know now if anything else doesn't get any bigger in my career than this, all the new music I ever put out, I have a foundation of people that it will always come see me or have kids that are growing up on me. That'll also bring their kids eventually. If I'm so lucky to do this for that long And, you have to build your touring business. It's so different than your music. Well right. And. you don't make any money anymore. Sell an album. Yeah. If you don't have a touring business, you don't have much of a business. You can have a number one hit and not sell 300 tickets. And it's crazy how that can work. How do you like having money? How's it going? Oh, It's great. Yeah. A lot. Have you bought anything stupid? I haven't bought anything stupid. When we hit number one, me and my manager, we got the Cartier tanks together, which is really cute.


Okay, That's sweet. My stupid little buy. But it was like my first little watch. I bought a new Bronco two last year and I got the fucking wild track, the Raptor engine in it. When I moved out here full time, I was like, I gotta get a damn Bronco. But other than that, I haven't done anything other than I send my mom money every month. But Also you learned early on, you said the house with your dad with the love was more important to you than the house with the stuff. And so that's a good lesson to learn early. Yeah. The first thing I did when I got signed to Warner was get my dad a Ford F-150 Lariat. We had been breaking down and pushing and I could put a damn starter transmit whatever the fucking anything. So I got him a real good truck when I first got signed, first big purchase I made. Oh, that's So sweet.


Before you got yourself I mean. Yeah, He's my hero, but I haven't really done anything stupid yet. I spent a lot of money on food. I will always go get every fucking appetizer there is. I don't mind dropping a bag on a meal. Yeah. For me and my friends, that's where I'll go. Crazy. And, you live in LA now? Yeah, at Sherman Oaks. You Like it? I love it. It took me a minute to find my footing. You know the people, I like to see the places I like to go. So many people like to be seen places rather than be places here. And once you find that grounding, she Oaks has been like back home in Atlanta. I bought a Camry there. I'm not, I'm not gonna look like a target. You know what I mean? Yeah. They'll take the fucking tires off your shit if you got something nice. Sure, sure, Sure. Yeah. You gotta leave the window down door is unlocked. Nothing of value in your car.


Just make it easy for them to get in there. Easy. Yeah. A sign that says unlocked on the outside of the door, just please Don't bust the window. Yeah, it's unlocked. Yeah. Well listen, Teddy, it's been so great to talk to you. I loved getting to see you perform. I feel so lucky about that. Did you stick around for John Batiste? No, I didn't get to. We were doing those schmooze things. Aw. I didn't get to see He's incredible though, between You and him that night. It was, it was nuts. Such an embarrassment of riches. That was quite a party. I love that. Yeah. Embarrassment of riches. What a beautiful way to say. But it was so nice meeting you there and I'm so glad you came in and chatted with us and I hope everyone checks you out on tour. Where do people go to get tickets? Teddy Swims dot com. Probably. That's a good website to have. You didn't have to do like Teddy swim.


Teddy. Swims sings like that. Could have been a back up. Oh Sure. Make it confusing Because he swimming or singing Edu. Oh yeah, I I actually, one night, first time I ever met Max Martin, I was working with my buddy Johann, the last story I'll tell you. And we were there and we're eating food and Max comes in and I was so stoked. Max Martin's the biggest producer ever. Right. And so my buddy Johann says, Hey Max, I'd like you to eat somebody. This is Teddy Teddy Swims. And he, and we just looked like, does he? I guess he saw my stature. He's like, no, Teddy Swims is his name. He is a singer. He goes, this is my daughter. This is Doris Doris bicycle. Oh that's great. Because To be in his house, I must be damn good at swimming. But 5 7, 260 pounds.


There's no fucking way that guy's a fucking gold champion Tus. He. Oh, That's hilarious. This is my friend. Have you worked with him? I have not worked with Next. Do You have a dream collab? Yeah. Man, Adele, certainly. Oh yeah. You guys would be great together. Of course. Stevie Paul McCartney while they're still here, we're gonna Manifest that. I Like that. Pick Adele. Me too. Yeah, she's The fucking One bro. Yeah. John Mayer. Yeah. I got a chance to write with him one time. Oh you did? Yeah. But we kind of wrote a couple choruses and I spent a day with him and it was just beautiful, bro. He's fucking cool as hell. I love it. I love him. Would you love him? You're Gonna have him tattooed on your leg soon. Yeah. Alright, Teddy, great having you in. Thanks so much for coming. Anytime everybody go see you on tour. Go to Teddy Swims dot com.


Be well, stay tuned for the fact check so you can hear all the facts that were wrong. We have numbers. Okay. It sucks that Rob's not here because I saw this in the comments and could this possibly be true what it said, loved seeing Wobbe Wob on Celebrity Family Feud. Yeah, He He told us he did that. He did? Yeah. I feel like I would definitely remember that. Yeah, He did it with I think Rachel Belson's show. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Did he win money prizes?


That I don't Know. What if he had a new car when he came to work? That Would be cool. Can you win a new car on Celebrity Family Feud? Or do you got, you probably have to play for a charity if you're doing celebrity. Right. It Should be Like Wheel of Fortune. I almost called it Spin the Wheel, but I think that was the show I was on. That was, yeah. Was it? Mine was just maybe called The Wheel. No, I think it was Spin The Wheel. No. 'cause he also had the wall. What Do you owe me? Oh, Like A cake or something? Yeah. Buy a big, big cake. Okay. I think it's called The Wheel. The wheel I'm hoping is, I think the more I say I think it's called the Wheel. As you search it, that'll up the odds that I was Spin the wheel. It is. Yep. Spin the wheel. 2019. There you are.


That's you. But Hold on, hold on. Spin the wheel was our saying. No, It wasn't called the Wheel. No. Look. Look at the Wikipedia. Oh yeah. It says Spin the wheel. God. Boy, that was a rough, I had a hard time surrendering. Yeah, you Did. I'm there now though. Okay. But anyways. Okay. How exciting Wwa was on Family Fe. I Know. Well, I think we should ask him if he won. I'm sure I asked and I don't remember. Yeah. What do you think he'd be more prone to remember than he was a big winner or a big loser? Big winner. He would remember if he was a big loser, We all would. Right. No, I think he would remember if he was a big loser, but the world would remember if he was a big winner. Okay. That's a nice way to think of it.


Yeah. I don't know if it's, I just, I think we all take losses pretty hard is my point. Personally though. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. But the rest of us don't. No, we don't care. We like people more when they lose. That's the funny thing. Not really. Oh yeah, I don't think so. Okay. Because I saw some other stuff yesterday. Rob was in another game show they didn't tell us about. No. Well I talked about it on On Sync just now, so it feels redundant. But I did find some other comments on another person's page, not ours. Because I didn, I know not to look at ours. I gotta say, while you're on that topic, the comments are getting so funny now because they say, I just read them this morning. It says, Monica, I love your outfit.


Hope you're not reading this now. They're all like, I love your outfit. I hope you're not reading this. Oh, it's true. It's an interesting thing we've invented kind of, I think. I don't think any other comments go that way. I, I appreciate those people who are Yeah, A lot of people really. And I'm not seeing it. Well, a lot of people really loved your outfit from the Moon Childen episode. Oh, my black shirt. Oh, here's the, this is a, the, no, continue on with the comments you read. Okay. And then earmark other comments I read. Okay. So I went to a new dermatology yesterday. All the way in Santa Monica. I'm sorry. Esthetician all the way in Santa Monica. Yes. I'm not sure if she's a dermatologist or an esthetician. Yeah. Who knows? Everyone plays it kind of fast and loose.


Exactly. Yeah. She's all the way in Santa Monica. But worth it. Worth the trip. I also, you know, I always do this figuring out of hacks of time. So I went early and then I stayed in Santa Monica until eight The whole night. Yeah. So what did you do? I met Molly for a quick, like hour after, and then she had to leave and then I just worked. Okay. And where did you, did you eat somewhere fun? Did you eat at RD? No, we went to Bair, which is in Brentwood. That's where Molly and I met. And then I just stayed at Bair for another two hours. Okay. Loitering. Yeah, I did. I was loitering at first. I had my computer out and then that felt like it wasn't the right space for that. Right. So I just, I did it via my phone.


Oh Wow. So yeah, anyhoo. But then it was great 'cause it was only 30 minutes home. And then I stopped for go Greek. Oh, in Beverly Hills? No, In Studio City. Oh, it's open. Yeah. It's so good. Oh wow. And I'm PMSing. Okay. So congratulations Thank, you. Things have been so topsy-turvy. I feel very overwhelmed and stressed out. Okay. I also feel really clumsy. Oh yeah. Like everything's falling down. Right. I, and can we, I've been Meaning to tell you what, You broke something. I scratched the whole side of my car. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah.


I've been trying To go And you drug it along something. I was pulling outta the gas station and there was that pole. Oh Wow. And I thought I could get through 'cause there was someone behind me. Yeah. And then I couldn't get, Yeah. And I am annoyed by my, my beautiful car that I do love so much. Yep. I am annoyed by it because it beeps at everything. Except when I hit my car. Well, to Be, I Don't understand. Well to be fair to the car, it has sensors on the bumpers in front and in back. I'm not on The side because No one's really sideswiping things all the time. They're parallel parking and well, okay. All the time. Okay. Don't you also just come to ignore all the beeping because I think the beeping, like, although well intentioned people just end up, oh, filing it in a white noises.


It could have, I could do That. If I'm in a car, of course all mines are turned off. I can't stand all those detection things. Yeah. Like leave it to me, you know, I can handle myself. Yeah. But when I'm in a rental car or in someone else's car and they have all that shit, I just, I don't even listen. It's overly cautious. Well, ex except not when it counts. Sideswiping. Yeah. It doesn't have any sensors. 'cause think if you open your door, it would start beeping. Has the door, I don't know. I don't know why. It seems like at this point they should be able to know when you're about to hit a Pole. Hit a pole. Yeah. Did it dent it or just scrape it? I think it's just scraped. I honestly haven't looked too hard. Yeah. Because I'm too Stressed. That's a good method. Often if I scratch my wheels parallel parking.


Yeah. I don't let myself look at it. When I get outta the car, I just carry on with whatever I'm gonna do. Because if it's in my head, when I get to wherever I'm going, it is just gonna ruin my whole thing. Yeah. And I have succeeded sometimes in forgetting to even look at it. Yeah. And then weeks later I'm like, Ooh, that rim's fucked up. Sure. But it, now it's like someone else did it. Oh God. Okay. Yeah. So whatever that's part of the pmm s is, and of course you're screenshot, you know, I was like, of course this happened. 'cause I don't know know how I'm functioning. Like I feel Crazy. It is a busy doozy. Yeah. This is a big one. Yeah. It's A, it, it's, they're getting worse. They're getting bigger, I think. 'cause perimenopause No, you're, I know you read that book, but you're not there yet. Okay. I I There'll be plenty of time for you to be per peral.


Perimenopausal, Perimenopausal. I know, but it seems odd that they're getting worse and blood's getting less. But the p but the Oh, but the symptoms are getting worse. Like, it's not Great. It's not ideal. Okay. It's Not great. Anyway. All to, you're, you're at my apartment right now. Right. I just wanted to say behind the curtain, because we're doing work on the attic. Yes. We recorded, we're in a time here. And, you, you said, I need to warn you, my house is a disaster. And then I just walked in and there's a lot of cargo in the living room. There's tons of huge boxes. Some say bounty on them, not a sponsor, but let's give you a free plug. Bounty paper towel. But there's a Huge box of paper towels and then An enormous box of toilet paper.


Like enough for barracks of an army base. And I didn Didn't mean to do this. Yes. And you told me you didn't realize the quantity was so big. But I was actually envious. And I'm like, I can't find that quantity on Amazon. And then I was like, is there a a, a portal for like big box shopping on Amazon that you wandered into accidentally? Could have been where all the units are like a hundred plus. Anyways, you had a very funny joke because there's a lot of boxes. And then I said, oh, I'm gonna grab something to drink And. you said, oh, let me get it for you. You didn't want me to go into the, the kitchen's kitchen. Not great. And then when I was in the kitchen, you said, are you gonna call in a wellness check? Yeah. I'm not gonna call it a wellness check.


But then I sat down on the couch and I noticed you don't have a, a shade on your lamp. Yeah. That really worried you. Well That I'll tell you why. Yeah. That looks like You. were fucking partying. Like that looks like You. were drinking hard in here and like lamps got knocked over. Oh. So that to me signals a different thing. Muscle memory. Interesting. Although of course you didn't do that, but when you add in all the boxes and the other stuff and then there's like, I think the lampshade got broken last night. Then it looks a little bit more like you've been in here for four or five days drinking Or shooting up. Well No, you're very docile when you shoot up. You would've just sat on the couch. You wouldn't have made this beautiful mess. Okay. Well the lampshade is aesthetics.


Yeah. 'cause I got a beautiful lamp. I was just afraid to say fucking anything. But I have a beautiful lampshade that I got when I was in New York earlier this year. And it has a pattern and the lamp shade that was on this lamp that You were noting, which is a table lamp. Okay. Also had a beautiful pattern. But they don't go to get, it's too much beautiful pattern. So I had to take one off. It's too busy. I got you. Okay. This is meticulous style. Like it's, well yeah, It requires a lot of tinkering. And also one of those boxes is a food processor from Prime Day. Oh really? Yeah. They had a bargain And you. Oh Yeah. That was exciting. Oh, Wonderful.


Okay. Now back to I went to the dermatologist. Yeah. I found this person from another podcast to Niche, which I have shouted out on here. Yes. Remember. 'cause I said I was surprised by the way the host looked because I had a whole vision in my head. And then they didn't match that, which was funny. It's just funny when you have an idea in your head and then it doesn't match up. Yes. In which I immediately followed with, I assume this happens all the time to me. Which is interesting. Yeah. All to say, when I said that on that episode, they took that clip and they did a video of them reacting to it, which was very funny.


And they're great. I love them. They posted that And, you know, that's, that's that. So then when I went to the dermatologist, I came back, I dmd the host of that show because she had shouted out this place and I said, you know, I, I just tried this place that you recommended and thanks for recommending it, basically. Yeah. And so when I was on the page, I saw that video again. Yeah. And I was like, oh yeah, that was funny. And I clicked it. And then You got into the comments. Yeah. Yeah. And, And there were so mean. Oh they were? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, to them or to you? Me To you.


Yes. Oh my God. Monica. Very sorry. Classic Insufferable Monica. Oh my God. So Means Oh my God. And I'm already feeling sensitive and topsy-turvy and wellness checky It too many paper towels. It too much toilet paper. No. Lampshades Wasn't the time for me to see That. When was that? Yesterday? Yeah, Yesterday night. Oh boy. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So, well we're gonna get through all this. We are, we're, we're in a moment of processing all this and we're gonna get right through It. I haven't had therapy since all of this has happened. Yeah. And I am seeing her on Saturday and I'm sure she'll Help. Okay. Now here's one that's a debate.


'cause again, a lot they, these go either way for me. Right. Like, so I think the OCD comments were really warranted and, and I was very grateful to have gotten that criticism. And then we got the expert and it was wonderful. Yeah. So everything worked out that way. But I saw a handful of comments this morning on the Moon Childen episode and several people were like, this should have had a trigger warning. And I was a little bit like the fucking episode's Moon Chow. And by proxy like that, like how can you go? Like I don't understand how, if I go see Friday the 13th, I know I don't need a trigger warning. This is what it is. Yeah. It's, it's horrific. That seems Redundant. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess I didn't agree with that. Yeah. I mean it was just a reminder that the internet is a scary place.


Yes. I don't, It's a dangerous like It there. Like It's a dangerous place. I really don't like it there. I think eventually in life, not right now. You'll leave there. I think I'm Yeah, yeah, yeah. Gonna not be on there forever. Yeah. Look, I'm on there and I love it. And I also think that a better version of myself would exist without it. And probably everyone We feel so peaceful. Yeah. How about what would you miss? 'cause there are, so you gotta DM the host of that and that's great. I loved that. Like using it as a phone book is radical. Yeah. Or like, I started following, of course George Kittle today and I wrote him a really lengthy Oh that's nice. DM about how radical I think he is. Yeah. And so that's lovely. I wanna be able to do that. Well it's nice to Share positive things.


Like of course anytime anyone is able to share anything positive or thank people, yes, that's great. But it is not used for that most of the time. And it just, it bums me out personally Of course. But it really, I get very heady about humanity. Right. And I, that's not good for me to think the world is bad and that people are bad. I Wonder if there's been like some big meta-analysis of what percentage are bad. I'd be curious because I think it Yeah. Mean I think it's Yeah. Mean or bad or negative. Because I think it's probably, as we know, we've had neurologists explain this like the chemicals for negativity, the are stronger Yes.


Than right. Nine people say, I love you. One person says you're a bitch. It's a stronger chemical response. Yeah. So I wonder if it's outweighed in our head and it's actually smaller. Like let's just say theoretically they did this huge analysis and they found out only 7% of stuff on Instagram was negative. It's still, I don't like it. You don't like it. It might be small. I'm just suggesting. Yeah. It might be smaller than we think. I'm sure it, I don't think it is. It's a breeding ground for people who might not in life behave that way. But for some reason this anonymity and I think it brings out the worst in People.


Well, it's like how people behave in a car as well. Right? Exactly. Yeah. That's a very fascinating one. It is. And some people, you know, of course, again, you're right. There's like so many nice people on there. Yeah. There's so many people that are like, no, she is just kidding. Or like, whatever. A lot of defense, which is sweet. Yeah. But then even that, even when you start, this is why you can't take any of it because, well first of all it's a rollercoaster. You're like, oh that's nice. And oh my God, that's horrible. Ah. Like it's too much. And there is like one person who said, no, no, no, She, I like that you have a voice picked up for her. Yeah. Yeah. You already have a voice picked up. 'cause it was nice. But she, she said she delivers things weird, but she means well.


Oh Okay. And It's like, that's actually not helpful. Yeah. And then of course, and I'm like, do I deliver things weird? Like what is happening Now I will tell you this. Okay. You're not interested in my approach to all this, but I'm gonna tell it to you. So like, when I'm on other people's things, like I was on Theo Vaughn's podcast, I'm not gonna dare look at those comments. I was on Peter Atias, I'm not gonna dare. Like I saw his post of our interview and I'm like, stay away Because people don't love You. Well because they're there for that host. And then I also, I mean this could be my story, but I also think a lot of people on the right think I am like a super far left liberal.


And so I am just immediately, no matter what I say, I'm a libtard perpetuating this terrible. So I just know in an audience, like if I go on a show or audience is more right leaning, oh, I just don't even, I would never even glance at that. 'cause I just assume a couple hundred of those listeners are just going to, it's a great opportunity to sound off about the left in those instances. I do choose to think, well Theo's got a million listeners and I bet most of them just liked it. 'cause we, we like each other. Yeah. Yeah. And then there's gonna be this handful that are gonna come out hard 'cause it's sitting right there.


Cut it Off. Anyway. So Anyw, who? Oh. Oh. So see that's someone in their car laying on their horn. They're so mad. And they would never in line at a grocery store going, eh. Like they wouldn't just yell. Yeah. I did get really paranoid. The person who said I was insufferable and then it had like 22 hearts I clicked on her. Okay. And she was private so I couldn't like really see much. But then I was like looking at her picture and trying, you know, I, I've become, become crazy. These things. Who the enemy is. Yeah. You gotta identify who to look out for These things. It's so contagious. In such a negative Yeah. Way. Yeah. So yeah, I'm looking at her and then I thought, what if this person is one of the people who's come up to me and said something nice.


Oh Sure. Then I started to get paranoid about all the people who come up and say nice things. I'm like, well what if they're nice in person because people are nice in person. Sure. But then they Go, then they're alter ego. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kiwi your Sister. That's, Why do they think that's Kelly's? What's hers? Kit Witch was your sister's cooking thing. Yeah. What's, what's Kelly's K watch? So close. This is a W and a C and an H is close and a K. She's private though, so don't follow her. Okay. Well you could apply. That's how you do it. When someone's private, you apply to be their friend. Apply. I've applied to many people's. Me too.


Yeah. I actually think it's fun when, 'cause then you're Accepted. It's harder to get. Yeah. Can I bore you with one update that's very long overdue, but, but people so deserve to finally hear an explanation because God bless the F1 listeners. We had a really, really wonderful fan base for that show that was super supportive and they really liked it. And we really enjoyed, we got to meet a ton of 'em when we went to the race and stuff. And of course we didn't do it this season. And so many people were, I don't wanna say upset, you know, they wanted the show understandably. And obviously now that we've announced that we're going to Wondery because of the nature of when that show would've started and ended, I would've been in middle of a contract.


If I had resumed it for a second season, would've hugely impacted armchair expert. That's the show we're currently on. Yeah. That's our show. I also couldn't talk about that for the last four months while that was all happening and people were getting more and more agitated. Why? There was no explanation. I see. So my deepest apologies that's what was going on. Additionally, I'll add, I did get a kind of a cease and desist letter from Formula One in the midst of all this. Really? Yes, Yes. Yes. How, why? I almost wanna read you my response to the lawyers.


But we got this long letter from their lawyers basically saying that the name of our show can't be F1. Oh. Because there's a trademark on F1, which by the way it's, it's E-F-F-W-O-N. So they insisted we take down all of our videos and I wrote back one of my, once a year, I write a really mean email. This year was twice Really? Because I, well I sent your neighbor quite a heavy handed one as you recall. Yeah. But then I, I sent them one that was just basically like, we're promoting your show with our love and giving all of our attention and resources to promote your product. And this is the response. I know, I don't, I think it's very shortsighted.


Charlie and I were obsessed with this cease and desist letter. I'm like, how do you explain this? Do they Have an official F1 podcast? No. That would be the only, yeah. Thing would be we have this, this is pulling from that. Right? No, we were just something then added a totally different fan base to that sport as well. Yeah. Because once again, even F1 tilted female. Yeah. Just like armchair does. That's Interesting. Yeah. So it was, my letter was like, you're welcome and we'll see ya. Yeah. Kinda. You know, That's a bummer. Yeah. So that was going on. There was a legal thing and then there was also our contractual thing. And so my many apologies.


That is the explanation. And, you know, TBD. If we do it down the road, we'll see. Cool. Yeah. Cool. Was there something you said earmark something? The trigger warning I wanted to earmark. Did I earmark something else as well? I think, oh my god. What? This is gonna be a useless story to tell because really it only matters if you see the photographic evidence. So I haven't seen Nate Tuck in a while. Naec has really become my medicine. Mm. That's nice. Yeah. Like if I'm feeling like I'm in the doldrums and I just can't break out of like, I need to get enthusiastic about life again and I'm having a hard time. I one breakfast with that son of a bitch.


That's so nice. It sets me straight for like two weeks. So yesterday completely random. This was a total shot in the dark. I said I am mad at myself. I didn't see bad boys and I really wanna see before it leaves to the movie theater. Any chance you could go today? This was yesterday. And he's said, oh my God, I can, so we met at Americana at 4:00 PM is so fun to go meet him at the movies at 4:00 PM Also, it's hot as Hades in LA Everyone needs to know. So I was also like, I want to beat the heat. I love, I get really in the mood to go to the movie theater. You And Kristen love to say Beat The heat. You gotta beat the heat. It's imperative. And so I have so much muscle memory from not having air conditioning and spending my whole day at the AMC seven in Santa Monica to beat the heat.


Yes. I buy one ticket and then I go right into every single theater without pain. Yeah. So we go there and clearly other people are there to beat the heat too. Because we get in there and at first we have the entire movie theater to ourselves, which is so fun. We're so excited to be in there completely by ourselves. And then some older gal wanders in and I mean right away. It doesn't look like she's there for bad boys. It definitely looks like she's there to beat the heat. And that she had probably came from another movie that just ended. Oh. Because she came about five minutes late. Okay. And then she just sat down in the very first seat that was offered. You know, the first seat coming outta the hallway? Oh, walking. Yeah. No one would pick that seat in an empty movie theater.


Sure. Okay. There's a lot of clues here. Okay. She sat down and within seven or eight minutes she was out cold. She was beating the heat by going, oh, she was taking a nap. Yes. I mean, I'm talking dead asleep. And there was one point where the action got so loud that in her sleep she covered her ears. And you're not gonna like this, but of course you took a picture. I started taking pictures. Okay. And I, it's not a good look for me to do that, but Tell me, you're not happy I did this. I want you to scroll to the left. Okay. There was a couple times where we thought she passed, as you can see in the photos. Oh, this is why this story's not very good because of course I'm not gonna post these pictures, but Oh, okay.


But now do you, you find where she's sleeping with her hands over her ears? Yeah. Because there's tons of gunfire and explosives going on. She's so Upset That her sleep is getting disruptive. And then the, the worst was I kept, I had to take every time she changed position and she was so Hot. Yeah. Thank, you, you agree? Right. Our assessment is spot on. She was like doing her best to beat the heat. She's got a fucking Gatorade bottle in her drink holder. Oh no. Electrolyte. She's so sweaty. she is. Yeah. And she kept getting more and more s slunk over in the chair. So I was taking pictures and I had taken three or four and it went great. I just had to hold the camera really still.


'cause it's dark in the movie theater. Sure. But then one time my flash went off, Dad, And then we like panicked. But she didn't notice at all. And you guys were the only other people? Yes It was just Nate and I. Oh, okay. And this woman who's maybe passing and then the end movie's over, we, we stand up and we're leaving. We've gotta walk right by her. 'cause again, she sat in the very first seat out of the hallway and now the young boy who works at the theaters there with his broom and his, he has To shake her awake. Exactly. So Nate and I, we start chatting with the guy. We're like, what do you, what's your plan here? Are you allowed to touch her? You're gonna have to, you're gonna have to touch her.


No, he's gonna have to, He's gonna have to get posted. Ma'am. Yes. He's gonna do all that. And then she's just gonna, in her sleep, cover her ears and he's gonna have to touch her. And, and he's like 17. Oh, you know, he's a teenager. But where is the best place to touch someone to wake them up The shoulder? We talked about that. Oh, you did? Okay. Yeah. You're like, you gotta poke it. Just same way that guy poked me at the gas station. You gotta just give him poke to the shoulder. No, that did not go well. No, but I wasn't asleep at the movie theater. Right. I actually, my instinct is the knee That's Too, too close to the private Parts. Their vagina. Yeah. Yeah. You're like, you're touching her legs. Shoulder's like the but Shoulder's close to the breast. Well, no, it's, it's, I think it's the most standard really place point of contact with a stranger.


But then what if his finger slips into The nipple? But like someone's about to cut you off, like you're walking and there's gonna be a collision and you've gotta actually like touch them. You, you always grab their shoulders, Go for the knees, Grab their inner thighs. Yeah. Interesting. Okay. Oh, we loved it. Like this is the exact type of thing that makes Nate and I so happy. Just thinking about this young boy who's, what a gift for you two. Yeah. We had a lot of gifts. We loved Dane, Eric Dane. He's so handsome. Yeah. Friend of the pod. Check him out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. If you've missed him. I was at the Americana two days before that. Seen a movie Shopping. Was beating the heat. I was in the heat in the, I sat outside. Wow. To work in the heat. You don't really need to beat the heat as much as us Northern Europeans do.


Well I know you like to blame it on that. I do. Even though I think it's just, I have a high tolerance. I know. You want it to be like you earned it. Well, I do have a high tolerance when I got my chin filler. And also yesterday when I went to my new dermatologist aesthetician, Did you get more filler? This is the slippery slope of filler. I didn't. Okay. I didn't She doesn't Do that. But you're going weekly now for a filler? No, she doesn't do that. But she was doing extractions on my face a lot. Oh, was it? Was it awesome? Well, it is, but it, you know, it does hurt Because they're putting a needle deep in there and Well, they put a needle at first, but then they like push. Yeah. Yeah. That's disgusting. But she was like, I can't believe you're handling this like this.


Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. And then also that's what they said with the chin filler. So I feel that And you're Cheerleading. Yeah. I feel that I have a high, You have a high pain tolerance Pressure. Yeah. Yeah. And so I can also be beat the heat on my own. But hold on a second. I think you're conflating two things. Nope. Are you in pain while you're outside? Sometimes you, because when I see you out there baking in my backyard. Yeah. You're happy. No, I'm happy. Yeah. When I'm in the same situation, I'm sweating bullets. Yeah. And I'm like, I gotta get to the movie theater. No, I'm sweating. Like I was sweating so much in homicide. I mean you're, you're, it's just an open tap. Like Oh yeah. Oh, speaking of the devil. And what a nice display of your clumsiness that bottle's so far from you And.


you just knocked it over. I know. Yeah. You'd almost have used your leg to reach it. And. you somehow did. I Still did it. Anyway. Palm springs it, it, it's painful, but I can do it and I I like it. Okay. Alright. I have a very high pain tolerance too. Yeah. But I didn't earn it. I just have it. You Well I earned mine. Oh, okay. Yours is an accomplishment. Yeah, Exactly. Because it is not that it doesn't hurt, it's that I am unwilling Right. To say it Hurts. Oh my God. This is, yeah. Did I, did I tell you this great conversation Lincoln and I had on the trip about fear?


Mm. I told you I looked up and I saw her like on the fourth floor going on the outside doing some adventures. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. And I waited a few days to bring that up. 'cause it's never a good idea right away. 'cause you're likely to embarrass Sure. The child. So I, I eventually said a few days later I said, Hey, I happen to catch your stunt work and I'm all for it. I think it's radical. I said, I want you to just add in. I want you to, I want you to lean on that pole on the balcony side first. I want you to test your equipment like you're a stunt person. Mm. Like get up on that balcony and lean with all your weight and jerk towards the balcony before you go out on the outside.


And just trust that it's gonna, all I'm asking is you add in some safety measures for these fun adventures. So she's like, okay. She took it kind of well. But then we were on a long walk through Copenhagen and she really started getting in her head about it. And we had this long talk. She's like, I just started getting afraid of everything. Like I'm so scared of everything. And when I think about how I'm afraid of everything and I said, honey, I'm completely afraid of everything I am. I think I'm probably the scaredest person. You actually know. All this stuff I do is a reaction to the fact that I'm a, I'm very scared of everything. I'm a scaredy cat. Yeah. I said, when I watched the documentary about Moto GP and I saw the guys dragging their knee on the ground at 130 miles an hour.


I was sitting there going, that is so fucking scary. Why are they doing that? It's so scary. I have to do it because the only thing for me worse than being scared is being controlled by something. Being controlled by something is my absolute worst feeling. Yeah. And it has led to all of this ostensible bravery. I was so, I'm like, I'm, I was so afraid of fist fighting more than all the other kids I knew, but I couldn't be controlled by that fear. Yeah. And she goes, oh my God, that is exactly what I'm doing too. That's why I gotta go on the outside of the thing because I hate that.


I'm so afraid of it and I don't want to be controlled by it. Interesting. And then I was wondering how much of people who are daredevils that's in the mix. It doesn't seem so far like Sean White, he just seems to be completely fearless. Yeah. But I wonder what subset are like me and Lincoln, which is like, we're doing things but we're actually doing them for a completely different reason. Yeah. I bet a a lot. And it sounds like your chin thing. 'cause I can relate. Like when I get tattoos I go, yeah, that's annoying and it's painful. Yeah. But I refuse to be controlled by it or dominated by it. And so I I will overpower and ignore it. Yeah. I mean, I think there's multiple things always at play for her.


It's interesting because I definitely understand you with being controlled because You were in situations where you had no control. But, so she must have her own things around control that you may not know. She may not know yet. This is the weird privilege of having kids. It starts to challenge your story. So again, I, yes. I think I don't like to be controlled because of the stepdads and stuff, but I might genetically be that way. Yeah. And she might genetically be White, but it might be multi, there's so many, it's not just one or the other. Sure, sure, sure. All of this big myth. Some ratio. Ratio mix. Yeah. And I think for me, with pain, the original thing was you don't wanna cause any ripples in the right ocean.


So that I, the more chances of getting removed detection. Yeah. But now it's more like I want the result. So I don't care about what it takes to get there. I mean I push through a lot across life in general. I'll do a lot of things that I think people wouldn't do or stand for or do whatever because I want the result and I can see that. Yeah. I can always see the end. Yes. Which also probably cheerleading was a big thing. Like yeah, this sucks. Like there's so much of it sucked. Practice sucked, weight training sucked. But you, you know why you're doing it and then that works. Right. You know, you see it. Yeah. You're right. There's a million ways to skin that cat, I guess.


Yeah. It's not so simple. No. But I'm shocked pretty regularly about just to witness how much of my stuff Lincoln has. Yeah. That is interesting. Without a remotely similar childhood. And just more often than not, I'm going like, oh wow. I'm giving my story a ton of credit and it probably only deserves some, some, yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That's true. I think. Okay. Well this is for Teddy. Swims. Oh, Teddy. Swims. Yeah. Sweet. Sweet. Teddy. Swims. Very Sweet. He brought up Covington, Georgia and he said there's a lot of filming that's happening there. It reminded me that my first acting credit ever is Drop Dead diva.


That was shot in Peachtree City. It was a lifetime show. I think I had two lines. And, you did that while You were still living in Georgia. Yeah, After I graduated and I had an agent there. I worked there for a year and that was my first Oh TV credit. And did you join SAG from that? No, I, it took a while. Okay. I think you got eligible from that maybe. Yes, exactly. Did you do any commercial work there in Atlanta? No. I did one hand modeling. Oh, Wonderful. And And dropped a diva. Maybe one other thing. I can't remember. Okay. Not very much. I was only there for a year. Maybe an industrial maybe. Sure sounds right.


God, I should know the project that I got sag. I don't though it might Okay. Have been the Herbal Essence commercial. Probably. Probably. Probably had to join at that point. Yeah. Must join. They call you a must join. Must join Another update on this trip. Lincoln said to me at one point, you really gotta start trimming your leg hair. Why? Well, here's the thing. I kind of thought my leg hair was nice. Is this before or After? This is after. Yeah. It looks trimmed. Yeah. Because yesterday I trimmed it With what? Like clippers? Yeah, clippers. It's not bald, it's just, it got brought down a couple inches.


Is this like the young kids and I'm, but I don know young kids. I mean 11 are doing Well. She just was like, your legs look crazy. They're so hairy. You really gotta trim 'em. And I thought, all right, I'll give it a shot. Okay. And I did. And I'm gonna go back. You are gonna go back to hair? Yeah. I'm gonna go back to full hair. I, I kind of like hairy legs. Yeah. I don't, I don't like this Look. No, no, it looks fine. It looks great. But it looks great. It does. First of all, I never once noticed that you had hairy legs, which means you probably didn't. Well Do you? I will say I have a very incongruous hair distribution, which is, I have no hair on my chest and none of my legs. I don't have much on my stomach.


I'm pretty hairless cut to legs. Legs are fully hairy. They're inordinately hairy. Okay. Especially given how hairless I am everywhere else. All right. Well I'm glad you tried it. It's always good to try things. Fuck It. I don't, you know. I was like, okay, I'll do this. And then when I was doing it, my sister was in and out of the scene. God, Your poor sister. I think she Is. To witness of her brother. Yeah. I was doing it on the balcony of my room with Lincoln. So the hair will just blow off into your house, hopefully land in your Backyard, all your rats. Yeah. And my sister goes, what's happening here? And I said, oh, well Lincoln really thinks it was time for me to trim my leg hair. And she said, oh, what a nice father you have.


I used to beg Barton to cut his chest here and he never would. So I was like, oh, maybe this is a thing. I mean kids hate how hairy their parents are. It is so gross. If you're young and you're like, why are you so hairy? Well, No, it's just, Just Life. God. We're so mean to each other. Yeah. Ding, ding, ding. Kids in particular, they let it rip. Oh yeah. I wonder if the person who wrote I was insufferable was actually a kid. Could have been a kid who wanted, just wanted to trim your hair. That's right. Okay. He talked about the 2007 Warp Tour and it reminded me that Callie and I went to Warp tour. You Did? In 2003. I checked with her the date. I thought maybe that was the one I had been to In Atlanta.


Was it fun or were you scared? Yeah, I think I was a little scared. Yeah. But we also had fun. Kelly was more Adventurous. Yeah. I dunno if adventurous is the word. Okay. But yeah, I guess maybe it's the word. But she was, she was fearless. Is that what we were going for? I Guess she wasn't scared. Right. So adventurous. Yeah. But she's not advent. That's not a word I would ever use to describe her. Okay. So it's, It's confident. Mature. I think She was, no, I was mature. No, she, I think she, she was a little bit more spunky maybe. Okay. Savvy? No, I was very savvy. Okay. She was spunky.


I forgot to mention this the other day when we were talking about Noah's birthday party. Strawberry boy. Yeah. Max's dad. Robert. I wanna shout out Robert. Oh, interesting. Because he came up to me and he said, Monica, I am arm cherry. No. Oh my God. So sweet. He must be such a good dad if he's an armchair. He'll, he is a very nice person. Oh wow. Very nice. Shout out Julie. She also listens. That's Max's mom. Okay, wonderful. While we're at it, I should shout out Callie's dad. Dan, he also listens. Oh my God. I know. All these nice parents. Yeah, they're really nice. Oh, I think my friend. Okay. I don't mean I. guess I don't need, but I think my friend Christina's Thank you guys.


I really, it is, it is so sweet that people who are in our lives and have especially parents. Oh boy. I don't expect any parents to ever be listening to. Does It scare you at all? I don't like, I don't like thinking about it. Don't think it Too hard. Yeah. Yeah. I don't wanna think on it too hard. But I do think it's very kind. Anyway. Okay. Oh, I wanted to play this. Sure. You get right up to their mouth on the screen. Yeah.


Such a, He's so good. He's so good. I admire anyone who tries to do Michael Jackson. That's why when I saw at the bowl when they did the Quincy Jones retrospective and they had people singing the Michael Jackson songs, I was blown away at a couple of the singers. They actually sounded better, which I thought was impossible. Wow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's so good. Okay. I found the exact timestamp of the episode of acquired on Taylor Swift where they start talking about the music industry. Okay. And I was gonna listen and then recap. But you're gonna play it. People should just No, it's long. Oh, oh, oh. It's long. Okay.


But people should listen to that 'cause they do such a good job of breaking it all down and how little money streams make and how it's all like broken down between the songwriter and this and that. It's very complex. But yeah. Okay. So if you go to acquired And, you search Taylor Swift, it starts, 'cause these episodes are so long. Yeah. They're like four hours of 'em, right? Yeah. It starts at one hour, eight minutes and 38 seconds. So I, I highly recommend that. And then we talk about Max Martin. Max Martin. Speaking of Taylor. Ding, ding ding. What? They've worked together. Oh, okay. He's just very well-known music producer.


Huge Swedish ding Dinging. Ah hmm. So wasn't so was like dog or whatever. Shania Twain's husband. Oh, he was Swedish too. Or Danish or something. Yeah, I think Swedish. Yeah. That's interesting. Yes. They have a big you. You didn't meet any when You. were there any music producers? Maybe that guy who was mad at me at the gas station was a huge music producer that would explain how like he thought things should be going. Exactly. Exactly. Was it this guy? Fuck that was him. No. No. That was not that man's much younger. Yeah. Max Baron's 53. We should have him on That would be, oh, okay. Great. Alright, well that's it. That's all the facts. Yeah. Lemme just double check to make sure I got 'em all.


Talked a lot about tattoos. Yeah. I was gonna Explain to people what a tattoo is. Yeah. Okay. How it works. But we don't have time. I have one interesting fact about tattoos. Okay. This perplexed me for like 20 years. Once you learn that your full dermis replaces itself every few years. Yeah. Like no part of your skin will be here in a few years. So how the fuck does the tattoo stay? And I asked doctors this question, I asked people for like 20 years. Okay. And finally someone explain to me that what's happening is that the ink is forever sinking.


It just sinks through every new layer of skin that comes to the bone. Well, no, obviously it doesn't get inside and disappear, but that it just, it sinks as the skin grows up. Isn't that fascinating? I don't really get it. You don't. I mean I do in some ways, but Like it's not Well, one interesting thing about that is like it's not fixed. Knowing that it's sinking. It's almost shocking. It doesn't like get obscured more. Right. It's like not permanent. That's what's interesting. It's on the move. It's like forever on the move sinking down into these new cells that are growing up. But just through when each individual poor though.


Yeah. Or cell or however the cell works and it incorporates the sinking ink, I guess. Should I look it up? Let's Just see. Okay, sure. That's one thing I never did do is search it on the internet, which is curious. Why don't tattoos disappear? Okay, this says this. Okay. There's two. AI says tattoos can be. I hate that by the way. That now AI is the first thing you see. Yeah. And, you just don't know if it's telling you the truth or not. Exactly. But I'll read it anyway. Tattoos can be permanent because the body's immune system and the skin dermis work together to hold onto the ink. When a tattoo needle punctures the skin, the immune system sends macrophage cells to the wound to close it up.


The ink is a foreign invader. So the macrophages eat it up and get stuck in the dermis. When the macrophages die, they pass the ink to the next generation of macrophages and this cycle continues indefinitely. So That's the mechanism by which it's sinking It. Passing onto the new cell. Yeah. Just passing through all the new layers that are coming up. This other thing from Mad Rabbit tattoo says the reason tattoos last permanently is because of their location in the dermis layer of our skin. Where the macrophages cells that live there hold onto your tattoo ink and pass it to future generations of cells like a microscopic family heirloom. So weird. Yeah, that's cool. Mm. I'm glad we talked about it. Me Too. I don't think that's like a super common curiosity.


No, it's just permanent. That's that you hear it's permanent and you're like, okay, next thing. Next topic. Right? Yeah. How do we beat the heat? You know? Which we're not doing terribly well in here. I'm Telling it's hot in here. I told you, I told you I would say that the ambient temperature in here is probably like 83. Yeah. I live like this. What's wrong, Monica? We need to get you to a pool. Still haven't been to pool. That's best all. All right, love you. Thanks for having me over. Bye.