
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert experts on Expert guys. Buckle up. Grab an extra pair of pants And a helmet. And a helmet. My number one crush is here today, Toto Wolff. He is a worthy crush. Oh My God, what? He was fantastic. He had a such a fun personality. I was, I was very surprised, right? I'm fascinated by someone that could be as serious as he is to make that team function, and then as goddamn playful and fun as he was outside of that.


That's so fun. So if you're not into F1, doesn't matter, you'll still love this. That's right. Because we're mostly talking about kind of mental health and the struggles of being a manager and all these things his life. But for context, he is the team principal and CEO of A MG Mercedes, which won eight constructors Championships in a row, which has never happened. No one's ever come close to death for F1 for Formula One. His accomplishment there will likely never be so cool taken away from it. It's just an unparalleled success as a team principal and A CEO. He is as good as you could be at this job. He is a part of a really interesting new book called Inside Mercedes F One, Life in the Fast Lane by Matt Wyman.


Great read. If you're interested in the workings of that team, which are really fascinating, that's a great starter. Please enjoy Toto Wolff.


We are supported by Audible Audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 fours best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by Peral ett that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We Love Audible. This is how you go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Amazon Prime. You might think of Prime as your gateway to incredibly fast free shipping on all your Amazon orders, which it definitely is. But Prime is so much more than that. Being a Prime member gives you access to prime video, Amazon Music, prime gaming, ultra fast grocery delivery, and tons of other benefits. It's a game changer, especially during the holiday season. Wanna get in the holiday spirit while relaxing at home? Press play on a holiday playlist on Amazon Music, or stream a festive movie on Prime Video. Hmm. You've got an instant ticket to holiday cheer. Sounds like a great night. Another way, prime saves the holidays. Let's say a coworker got you a holiday present and you somehow forgot to get them something seamlessly. Shop for their gift on amazon.com and then use Prime to get free one day or same day delivery. So it's like they were on your gift list all along. So what are you waiting for? Become a Prime member today and get more out of whatever passions you're pursuing. Whatever you're into. It's on Prime


He's in. Feel free to use that pillow as well if you need it. Yeah, this sucks. We're getting a new couch just now. No, I think it doesn't. Okay, you're fine. Can I put the feet on? That Was fucking gorgeous. Gorgeous in person. Monica, you are fair. How Overwhelming is it? Very handsome. I know. Yeah. And you're very tall. Bit taller than me. A tiny bit. But you're a better train. Listen, there's a lot of nerdy things I did today. I was gonna wear bigger shoes. Oh, you were? Because I hoped to be as tall as him in the photo. Okay. And I even considered putting on my work boots and I'm like, you can't cheat.


What are you wearing here? No, I'm wearing plates. Okay, Good. You're on the floor too. But yeah, that crossed my mind as that. You just saw I opened one of my garage doors hoping you would be interested in my cars. And how did that go? You guys were outside for a few minutes. Did you like Them? Yeah, I Like It a lot because it's a good mix between, you know, there is a Mercedes obviously. Yes. Obviously. And then I like the bikes. I'm riding bikes as well. Ah, oh, you are? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, Okay. What do you ride? Like a tour adventure bike, what is Called, it's a vintage bike. MV Augusta and Envy Augusta have as well. So the story with the NV Augusta is more interesting than the Austrian bike I just mentioned. So one day he rings at the door and we are having scheduled dinner with Louis in Monaco. So he knows Susie for a long time. There is cars. So he comes for dinner, he rings at the door and says, come down please.


And I'm saying, now come up, we're up here. No, no, there's really something I'd like to show you and take Susie. So we are going down and he's there with his bike, and it's an MVO Augusta Louis Hamilton edition. Okay. Oh. So I said, well, it's great, the bike, is that what you wanted to show me? And he says, it's yours. Oh. And I said, how come? He says, you know, you've done so many great things and you and I together, and I've never given you a gift, so I want to give you the number one of a 44 edition. Oh. Oh wow. That's so cool. That's sweet. That's a very sweet present. So the other one is a triumph ton, which was converted by a German tuna to proper coffee racer. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the bike I ride every day. Okay. I don't know if you saw in the garage, sorry, Monica, I'm gonna wrap up the technical stuff.


We're just Short. No, it's okay. I have a sense this is gonna be fairly you. You had Appropriate Expectations. Yeah, I did. I did. I did. I have a Mercedes too that we should tell Toto. I'm about to defame Lewis. Oh boy. Okay. Toto. He didn't give him, Lewis earned them, but he got seven championships. That's right. On Totos direction. That's right. You and I were working together for three years and I bought you a C 40 3:00 AM G. Yeah. I got a present three years in. That's much better than ambi Augusta. I got another present, which is worse. Worse. So, you know, drivers are very particular with helmets, and Louis has all of the helmets that he's collected. So giving helmets away for him is a real struggle.


Yes. So I got a lovely helmets from Rio, from Nico in the past, but I knew they are less emotional about it. Yes. And can I ask quickly? He has a new helmet every race, right? No, I Wouldn't say every race, but for sure. Like every second or third race. Because I know his new paint jobs. Yeah. Yeah. They changed. And I think he's given me his most special one. But We did. Yeah. When Nick Lau died, who we were very close, both of us. He made a Nick Lau design helmet for the Monaco race in 2019, and he won holding on to, I think Daniel was behind him. It was a huge struggle. So he gave me the Nick Lau memorial helmet. Ah, the Monarch race. Oh, that's, and he wrote something nice on it. And I think this is a piece of memory that's priceless.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. New goal in life. We're gonna ride together at some point. We can, yeah. Fun. We can be far down that when we're retired or something. Okay. Let's start in Austria. First of all, we're both Capricorns, even though I don't believe in astrology, I can feel your Capricorn. What is that? Very determined. My feelings are kind of secret. I can't show vulnerability. I'm on schedule. I have to win. I'm gonna beat myself up until I do. I'm managing everything. Control freak. No nonsense. A bit. No nonsense. Bullshit. Tell you the truth. Yeah. Just sound familiar. That sounds familiar, but I don't believe in astrology either. Me neither. You need them. So there is something that maybe Capric con's have in common is that they are born into cold January, boom, Boom.


Ah, yes. It the world is a hostile place when you arrive. Exactly. Interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Especially in Austria. Absolutely. Thinking whether Detroit or Austria is more hostile. It depends if we're including homicides, because I think Detroit has, yeah. Yeah, it has. And maybe also the freshness of the air. Yes, yes, yes. But that's why you're a car person. Also know. Now, I was shocked to learn this this morning that you're not Germanic. You're not Austrian. Your dad is Romanian and your mother is Polish. Yeah. And were they immigrants or had they grown up in Austria? My Father was born in Bucharest, and they immigrated after the war, interestingly. And I think there was a big wave of antisemitism back in the day.


So my grandparents were called Rosa and Herschel. And when they moved to Austria, they called themselves Olaf and Maria. Oh Wow. So it's like the opposite, like We are not Jewish. Yeah. We're in leader Hoen and blowing horns. Really saying, I'm Austrian. Exactly. And my mother came to Vienna when she was 18, speaking no word of German, and studied medicine, became a doctor. So that's where they met. Now, mom was a physician. What type? Like a family doctor. Anes. Oh, Anesthesiologist. Yes. Oh, wonderful. She had all the drugs. Yeah. Fantastic. Yeah. Easy access. She took some herself, but that's a different story. Sure, sure, sure. What did your dad do for a living? He had A transport company.


Oh, he did? And I know what you're referring to in Austria. Back in the day, you had to prepaid the VIT for your customers. So that was taking a lot of risks. So that went the belly up. So he was struggling and mom was succeeding in a pretty dramatic way. No, I think my father was very successful at a young age. I was born into money, but then he lost all and had brain cancer Year eight years old. Yeah. And at the beginning it was benign. And then over the next few years, it got really ugly to a degree that it was incurable. He struggled for so long because he got operated and operated and operated and he changed his personality. And when a son is in his teenage years, you need your dad. Yeah. Yeah. You need your dad to look up to, to love you need your dad to hate and to fight.


He wasn't present anymore. Yeah, because you were eight when he got diagnosed, and then you were 15 when he died. Yeah. Your parents also got divorced when you were eight. They had no relation to the brain cancer diagnosis, did it? No, the divorce was that. Sorry. That must be, that's My wife. It's be important. Let's see which One feel great answer. We also would let it, I'd love to say hi to Susie if she's there. Susie, I'm right in the podcast. You wanna speak? Hello, Suzy. I love you. No, no. I'll pass you over. I'll pass you. I'll pass you over. I'll pass you over. Oh, This is so exciting, Susie. No, listen to me. This is such a delight. If my wife dies and Toto dies, I'm sprinting to you. Okay. I just wanna say, what a dynamo, a beautiful race car driver who also runs an academy.


What more does someone need? I That's pretty cool. All right. I'm gonna turn you back to him, but I'm delighted to hear your voice. Right. Here's Toto. Hello. How fun. Okay, sleep well. Okay. Oh, she's going to bed. Yeah, she's in Scotland. And so I have this override in ring tones. It's my wife and my two children. You Need to show me how to do that. Oh, that's smart. Yeah, like an emergency bypass. Oh. So it always rings. Even though I don't have a ring tone, I have to phone number on just when they call. Oh, Okay. Oh yeah. I need to figure out how to do That. Apologies. Is mine just never on? Well, if we become friends, text me. I do. Yeah. We don't need to talk on the phone. Yeah. But I can give you an emergency override, like a bypass. So if there's something that really bothers you, you just call me. If I'm in really bad situation, I be careful.


I be careful with giving him that. Also, you can't ignore calls then if Kristen calls, I don't have no excuse. You can't say excuse, say, oh, I didn't get it. No. What I gotta figure out is how to put it on her phone. 'cause she doesn't ever ever answer. That's true. But what I think happened is I was asking you about your parents' divorce and Susie was always there and then she hit a button to call to interrupt that question because she's like, oh, tos not gonna want to talk about this. No, I talk openly About it. I know you're wonderful because This is who I am. Yes. This is later in the conversation, but I'll say, you and I have a blessing. We're big enough and we fit the role enough that it affords us a willingness to be vulnerable in a way men have a hard time doing. And I think it's a luxury. Yeah. If I had a different life, it would be much harder for me.


So I recognize it is easier for me than someone else. And We need to speak up about it because people look up to us and they think we are not vulnerable. I had this moments where I felt inadequate and I've had somebody telling me back in the day, I have what you have and I suffer, but I'm still successful. That would've given me a lot of hope. And I didn't have hope at times. Yeah. In your teens, and this happens, but mom and dad separated. So that was separate from the diagnosis? Yeah, that was Related to the failure of the company. I think my dad made my mother sign some collateral and she got a house, like an apartment building from her dad for the marriage. And that was gone plus a credit. Mm. So that was already, my father was very ill, didn't know anymore what was right and wrong.


And then she said, trust is very difficult to build and it's gone. So that's where they separated. But I have no bad memory about the separation, to be honest. They never had a bad word with each other. They kept that away from us. It was more just seeing my mother struggle to make a living for us and my father not having had any money anymore. And that went so bad that I saw people coming to him asking basically to empty your pockets. That was tough for young men. Yeah. Yeah. Did you have brothers and sisters? I have a young sister, but she's not so young anymore. She's two years. My junior. The thing I thought of, and this is a tricky question, but my dad got diagnosed with small cell carcinoma in August and he was dead on January 1st.


So it was like a three month thing. And then my stepdad got prostate cancer and that was like a two and a half, three year thing. And I'll say the stress of having a loved one have a condition that you're not sure when the end is. I found the experience with my dad much easier to process. It's like, okay, this is happening. Let's spend the next few months together. I'll clear my schedule, I'll take you to your appointments. I find it very hard. And the notion that your dad had this condition for seven years, you're just kind of like, where are we at? What's gonna happen? That feels very stressful. And then a guilt when you feel relieved it's over. Exactly. First of all, sorry to hear about your dad and your stepdad. A terrible guilt because it was at the point that his life was miserable and I saw it.


And then you lose the connection, you lose respect. And it came to a point that when he died, I think today, in hindsight it was better for him. But I thought it's better for all of us. And the guilty feeling that you have Yeah. Was so bad. And it's something that I only processed in the last few years. Well, you were a kid. Yeah. So you can't in a way analyze the feelings that Maybe you could because you were an adult. But for me that guilty feeling of thinking is better for my dad to be gone. Well You kind of wish it'd be over for them And myself and my sister. So I think also we were so close. I remember being on his deathbed and obviously you're not seeing your father anymore. Like the strong personality. Yeah. That people talk about these memories For a 15-year-old and a 13-year-old sister, I'm not not sure I would do the same me as a parent.


Yeah. Well You're mourning twice. First you mourn them with the diagnosis, but they're dead essentially before they're dead because they changed completely. Yes. It's hard to deal with. They've been gone for a while. But to me that was a huge gift because I had so much resentment. They got divorced when I was three. He had a great life. We lived kind of poorly. I had a lot of judgment of him. And there was the moment where I looked at him, and you're right, he was not the big demonstrative alpha male. He was a little boy on a bed. And I thought, oh yeah, he's like a little boy. And he is always been a little boy and I'm still a little boy. And you never stop being a little boy. And it actually dissolved so much resentment to see he's just a human. That's scared.


That was weirdly a gift. Yeah. I think as an adult it's a gift. But not At 15. No, not at 15. No, no, no, no, no. Not at 15. That was certainly memories that are hugely difficult to digest as a kid. And as I said, you know, I'm 52 today. I would say that I probably processed it in the last five years. Only that I look at it. I feel more calm and reassured in my own existence. Only now I have found peace with him dying over so many years. And also with my mother because my mother wasn't present at all because she needed to earn the money and she needed to look after herself and protect herself. Yeah. So my sister and I were at home, we had Polish housekeeper that was good for the language actually, but she wasn't there. And now she's 79, she's not well.


And she says to me, I wasn't a good mother. And I say, I forgive you because I know how difficult it was to be at home and see the suffering. But at the end you are also responsible of how I am today. So I'd rather as a kid not having trauma, but I'm 52 years and if you ask me whether I'd rather be who I am today or a white elephant, I'd rather be who I am today. I think that's the weird piece you have to come to with your past, which is if you're lucky enough to end up somewhere you're happy with as you have and I have and I have kids I love so much and have a great wife, I go, well fuck. I wouldn't tinker with anything 'cause I still want to end up right here. So I gotta understand and process that. It was hurtful and these things happen. And also have a weird gratitude for it and Like It too.


Exactly. My thoughts and my feelings. Did something prompt five years ago. Why five years ago did you start confronting that? I think that I was so busy in my life to get things done. And I always had that anxiety about failure. I said it jokingly that I'm a half empty glass person. Yeah, yeah. I always stare into the abyss. Everything could be finished tomorrow. The racing could be ending the winning end. The money could be all gone. My wife leaves me for the hairdresser. I mean all of that. I don't believe that anymore. By the way, It'll be your trainer, not her hairdresser, it'll be The fitness trainer. Yeah. There is always dangers. And only in the last few years I thought if everything was to end today, I could go with a good feeling.


You're there. Absolutely. If I were you and I set out on this journey first as a race car driver, then pivoting and becoming an investor in teams, then becoming a team principal and a CEO and having all this success five years ago you would've been on your six constructors championship in a row. And if I were you, I would go, wow, we did absolutely everything we wanted to do. Where is the elation? Why aren't I whole? Why don't I feel content? Why am I still scared? You're absolutely right. But I lost that anxiety. I'm thinking I have a wonderful relationship with my children, like you said about your relationships. I have the best wife that I can imagine.


I have done what I wanted to do and that's why I would've peace if I would be dying today. And that would've been, in a way, been destiny. But then there is a certain risk that's coming with that too. Contentment. And that's not good. It's Scary. Right? No, I don't want that because You'll have no fuel. I wouldn't say no fuel, but there is this moments where my anger is gone. So I need to proactively condition myself and say what are my objectives? And in 2020 when the music stopped for someone that likes the music and doesn't like harm, I had a year that I was really bad mentally. And I had to reflect, do I want to go back as an investor and look at multiple companies and be on the board, see businesses and technology that interest me and the variety of it, or do I want to consider as a racing person, as a basically a one trick pony.


And I came to the conclusion that I found my niche between business finance and the love for the stopwatch and the honesty for the stopwatch. And at that moment I really proactively, intellectually decided there is more to do and more to win and more to conquer. But it is more with an emotion that is less anxious about success, but the drive isn't gone. It's channeled in a different way. Okay, Great. So this is my huge fear is that my motivation for the last 49 years has been you're lazy, you're a piece of shit, you're a failure, you're an embarrassment. And now get up and do things to disprove that theory.


And so the great fear of mine is, can I write from a place of happiness and love? Can I act from a place of happiness and love and not fear? Could I win from a place that's not fear-based? And that's a leap of faith. I'm like midway there, I'm not where you're at. I don't fully trust that without some bit of cancerous rumination, I'll actually be motivated. But You have two years to, you know, get over this. And those two years were important for me. But it's that I think imposter syndrome and all of the characteristic you mentioned, they have softened. They haven't completely gone away, but they're conditioned in a healthier way. There's many people that don't wanna go to a psychiatrists because they fear that they're losing their ability.


Artists, writers, people that have a lot of creativity that don't want to go to sort out their mental problems. They don't want to go on medication. Yeah. 'cause they believe this is a huge fuel of their creativity because how often do we actually spend time in thinking about our objectives? And the analogy we are having in the team is being between the dance floor and the balcony. We are on the dance floor most of the time that is in action. Yeah. When are we going actually on the balcony and looking down what's happening on the dance floor and thinking about what's my long-term strategy here? What is it that I believe I should recalibrate? A lot of these different tech gurus have this built in moment in their schedule.


For some peoples, it's like four days a month or it's a week, a month, or it's a month a year. Bill Gates is reading week. Yeah. Takes that stack of books and he sits in his little cabin and he allows himself to stop staring at the thing in front of him and get that kinda wider perspective. You can't really do that. Or how would you do that? 'cause you have 23 races and then in the off season it's maybe even more work. 'cause you have the next iteration of the car coming out next year. So how on earth do you build in that time? So I do it actively for me. For example, flying in an airplane and I do 600 hours a year for whatever reason. I don't enjoy watching movies.


I don't enjoy listening to music. I like reading. And reading gives me a stimulation of thinking about those things. So I stay at the ceiling, I do it in the mornings. I take my time in the mornings for myself and lying in bed for another 20 minutes allows me to do these things. So it's actually activities that run in a way on autopilot. And I don't know if you know that there is a scientific explanation to that. Why do you have your best ideas in the shower, in the toilets while shaving in the car? Because your brain is actually active, but it's on autopilot. You're doing all of that. So that is why we have those creative moments. And for me, it's also lying in bed or it's flying in an airplane. I think a lot about those things and I write them down.


That makes sense. And I relate to that. I need a certain level of distraction where you're right, the subconscious is driving the car. I'm not actually driving the car, it's just happening. And that's the perfect amount of activity that allows me to wander in my head because I'm doing something. So I'm kind of liberated to do that. But We are all different interestingly, because when I'm having an activity that is where I need to put some force in. For example, you know, going to the gym, you're doing lots of that. Thank you for noticing Or going for a walk to do my 10,000 steps. For me, this is like a meditation in the activity itself. I'm not capable of thinking about anything else. But Susie, when she goes on her 20,000 steps a day or in the gym, she comes back with lots of stuff that she writes down.


Yeah. So we are all different. True. Do you think the fear of failure being so intense is because you saw your dad lose everything? My dad lost everything too, by the way. Yeah. My dad like was rich then poor filed bankruptcy three times before he died. Okay. There wasn't a consistency there. You saw everything go away. So I can imagine that it makes you feel like anything can go away at any moment. For sure. That is a scar. That was like a perfect storm because they tried to have me in a private school in a French school in Vienna. So I saw the rich kids. And you're not a poor kid in a poor environment where everything is pretty normal, but you're seeing the rich kids and you're seeing them going on the fancy holidays. I remember exactly that moment. Christmas holidays last day of school.


And there is this friends of mine that got into the car with one of the dads and they went off skiing the three of them together. And I don't, the suffering of that very moment is still so much in Me. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know what that fucking garage is all about? Is that I wanted the cool BMX bike kids had the cool BMX bike, the gt, the horo, the hutch. And I didn't Compensation mechanism. Yeah. And I wanted that fucking bicycle. And this is the bicycle. I'm still healing the wound of the bicycle. I know. But the problem is you get the bicycle and then it doesn't work. No, exactly. It doesn't work. It's the fantasy will. Or you go skiing and it doesn't work. Then you're like, well now what? Did it work for You? Hundred percent does for me. Wow.


I'm jealous of that. And a hundred percent does for me. You're like, I'm fixed Now. No, not completely fixed. But I know there was these things I wanted to take. There is this nice skiing place in Austria where everybody went and it was very expensive. And it's actually small village and there's nothing particular but having a place. There was a life target. And I have now, actually, there's probably better places than also going through this car and bike motion. I remember my dad only had a very, very old BMW, 10 years old. And it was damaged, but he didn't have the money to actually repair it. And a friend's dad had, I don Dunno, if you remember Mercedes. A MG five 60 SEC. Oh baby. That's exactly down your line.


Know when I look at your garage, The problem with those cars is impossible to work on, but continue. I love them. That's Miami Vice. That's Miami Vice ground effects. Exactly. Yeah. When I showed these cars to Susie, to my children and say, that was my dream. Yes. They say, seriously? Yes. It Looks awful. Porsche chewable. You know the three liters, the early ones. How About a rough nine 11 RUFF Roof. It's a German company. Okay. Sorry. Wasn't the big thing. Back in the day. You did, the tunes didn't exist in that form. But black nine 11 turbo, three liter for gearbox. The widow maker Nine 30. Nine 30. That was exactly, Yeah.


Slant nose. Oh baby. I do think when you don't have a dad around for some of these pivotal rites of passage, you have to go get a lot of these exterior things to comfort yourself that you are becoming a man. Do you relate to any of that stuff? The masculinity portion? No, the masculinity portion doesn't relate to me. When my father got ill, I had that feeling. I took so much responsibility on for my sister that I wanted to be an adult. I wanted to be in control of my life. I didn't want to be embarrassed from my parents anymore. And that attitude of being the man in the house happened when I was very young. So I never struggled with that. It was more about the things that I saw from parents of my friends that were successful.


This is what I wanted to achieve. Like a Ferrari car collection, for example. Or one of my closest friends today, and I love him to beat his dad, was the president of the local football club. There was this famous sport show on Monday evening, which was called Monta, which was spot on Monday. And it was prime time and only the best people weather. And I remember him being there, and I thought one day I would like to be in this sport show because that means success. Wow. And then these things happen and you realize they're so nice because you kind of say to yourself, I can't believe it. I'm there now. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Full circle. Full circle. And for you it works.


For me. That works. Yeah. That's great. That is great. I think that's kind of rare, is it? I think so. And I don't know what part is American and what part is your culture and being European, but I Don Dunno, America, you know, it's like, do this, make this, be this. Be special, be unique, be individual. And then you do those things and what you kind of feel like is, oh yeah. And all I've accomplished is I've kind of alienated myself from everyone. It doesn't feel as fun as I thought it was gonna feel. Like you start questioning the whole promise of it. But I'm delighted that's not happening for you. Maybe Because, and you will think that's counterintuitive by being in Formula One. I have never felt, well, that's actually not true. I wanted to say I've never felt surpassing people, but what I felt was anger against all the people that let my dad down.


So at the beginning it was like, I'm gonna show you. And they were obviously generation above me, but that was important really Quick. Who were you gonna show? Was there a list of actual people or was just an idea of people? No, there was a list of actual people that didn't respect my father. But that was the early years of my professional life. When I started to think about it. I'm actually trying to meet my own expectations. And you know, that sports show on Monday was my own expectations. I didn't want to be on daily because I wanted to show that I'm there. It was only for me. And it is still today when I'm not having the success and not achieving the objectives that I set myself. That is where I feel humiliated towards myself, interestingly, not anybody else.


Right. I'm in an absolute competition against myself, not relative competition to others. I completely relate to that. Yeah. As I say, you shouldn't ever compare yourself to someone else. You should only compare yourself to previous versions of yourself. The things I didn't fantasize about that I've gotten, 'cause I've gotten a lot of stuff I wasn't even bold enough to fantasize about. And those things are really fun because I didn't have a fantasy and an expectation of how I was going to feel and how much I was gonna like myself or what kind of self-esteem I would have. I didn't have anything built on top of this fantasy. So the things that have happened that were unexpected now, those are really can and joy. I don't wanna downplay how much joy I do get out of this crazy privileged existence I've Had.


And it's good because you're 50 years old and you are actively enjoying things, experiences, material things. And there is many people who don't. And for them, it's just the next thing and the next thing. And they come to the conclusion that it's actually not what they expected. And then you're in a vicious circle of if you can afford to buy more and more and more and seek other relationships, you know, suddenly your marriage is not good anymore because you've seen the next, I was about to say blonde, but obviously that's not what I meant. Cliche, the Five foot tall Indian princess. Of course. Yeah. No, I know what you mean. The next bombshell. Seriously, you are very attractive.


Thank you. That's so, oh My God, I'm so jealous Of you. That's so nice. That's so nice. But always the next thing you know, the cross is always green on the other side. And that's not what I have. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by Audible audible's. Best of 2024 picks are here. Mm. Audible's curated list in every category is the best way to hear 2020 four's best in audio entertainment. Like a stunning new full cast production of George Orwell's 1984. This is the one I am most excited to indulge myself with. I'm so excited to listen to James, which is a new title by personable effort that is very, very hot right now. Mm. Well, there's so many good ones on the list. We Love Audible. This is how you Go to bed. I love Audible. I swear by Audible. I can't wait to listen to the Orwell 1984 off this list. I'm also doing fleas by autobiography right now, which I'm obsessed with. I can't get enough Audible in my life every night. Go to Audible dot com slash dax and discover all the years best waiting for you. That's Audible dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Sonos. Sonos is the world's leading sound experience company. They invented the smart sound system that makes it easy to play anything in any room, which we love. Sonos was the star of our Halloween party. It wow. I had it playing outside by the guest house. I had it playing in the garden. I had it playing in the kitchen. Kept the party rocking no matter where you moved. It makes a big difference. Yeah. The sound is so good you, you really gotta take your favorite holiday movies and holiday songs to the next level and experience them with Sonos and with holiday gift season upon us, Sonos products are a perfect solution for that hard to buy for person on your gift list. They've got amazing ace headphones. And since you know we are podcasters, if you know any arm cherries in your life Really smart, It's a great gift for them so that they can really get us in their ears properly. Whether you gift a sleek soundbar, a sturdy portable speaker, or our favorite headphones, your lucky gift recipient is sure to be impressed. Sonos has great gifts for everyone on your list. Visit Sonos dot com slash dax to wrap up your holiday shopping. That's Sonos dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Apple TV plus presenting Academy Award-winning filmmaker Steve McQueen's Blitz starring the extraordinary, sir she Ronan and brilliant newcomer Elliot Heffernan said in London during World War ii. Blitz follows the story of George, whose mother sends him to safety in the countryside, defiant and determined to return to his family in the city under siege, he embarks on a journey home and must face the dangers of the real world howled as a masterpiece and a thrilling moving, morally provoking odyssey. Blitz is rated PG 13, written and directed by Steve McQueen, now streaming on Apple tv. Plus


we are supported by Addie. I know about Addie, the little pink pill, right? Yes, that's right. Addie is the FDA approved pink pill, clinically proven to boost desire in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by a low libido. I love this. It's really nice that there's an option out there for women who are dealing with low desire. And I like that. Addie's non-hormonal and created by a woman for women. Addie is helping women feel like themselves again. And that's really important. It really is. So arm cherries, if your libido could use a little jumpstart, Addie's got you covered. Learn more@addie.com. That's a DDY i.com. Addie or Florin is for premenopausal Women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire. No matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner, the low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or a medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in men or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is also increased if you take certain prescriptions over the counter or herbal medications or have liver problems. Low blood pressure and painting can happen when you take addie, even if you don't drink alcohol or take other medicines. Do not take, if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in addie. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sleepiness, sometimes serious can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including boxed warning@addie.com slash pi. Or call 8 4 4 pink pill Addie. That's a DDY i.com.


Now I do have some questions about how you got to where you ended up. There's a couple gaps in what I can learn about you that are curious to me. Like one is you go at 18 and you see Formula one, or you go to some racing, no, not Formula One. Okay. But you go to some racing event. Yeah. And you go, Hmm, I want to do this now. 18 is too late for you to do that much. We know this. You had to be carting at six. So how on earth did you end up racing Formula Ford without the carting background? So I didn't have an interest for motors sport. I had an interested road cars because of my past. It was quite disappointing to find out that my first car, my mother bought it. Obviously I didn't have any money. It was a Volkswagen Beetle. It ended against a tree six months later.


And I would say I was disappointed You manifested that. I manifested that. Yeah. Just enough horsepower to crash into a tree. Barely enough. So there is a famous road through the Viennese Forest around the city, which is called the RAs. And they had in the fifties, sixties, seventies, a very famous race there because it's cobblestone. And when it's wet, that starts to be tricky. So that was my road. It's about, I would say 10 kilometers, very twisty, very fast. And I raced with my friends there with the beetle. And one day in the rain, I woke up on a Saturday morning, thought it's raining, it's great. I'm gonna take the beetle onto the third French class that I road and bang off. I went against the street, the steering wheel even broke.


Oh my gosh. So wow. So that was it. Like crazy stuff, which we did back in the day, trended a Porsche and there was a straight with, I don't know, a kilomet meter with a huge bump in the middle. And each of us was trying with the others in the passenger seat of the maximum speed we could achieve before breaking for the next corner. Oh my God. Like Two 40 kilometers an hour. Oh, That's crazy. But back to your question, I just want you to know, I've been in a lot of those passenger seats. Oh, that I hate It. Yeah. But as a kid, you almost don't realize the Risk. You're in another zone. It's like You talking about your daughter. You want her to ride a motocross bike rather than sitting on the back and crashing with somebody who wants to show off A 16-year-old trying to impress her. Yeah.


To be masculine. Masculine, yes. Masculine. And his masculinity journey. Yeah, exactly. For me it was, I didn't have the spot on my radar. And then I visited a track in Germany, the new booking. I've driven it. So fun. You have a record there? I have a record there. Yeah. In a nine 11 RS. Yeah. It was the big fat A nine 11 2009. Yes. GT two Rs, whatever the racing version was, but the one with the most powerful engine. Yeah. A naturally aspirated engine. Do you remember your time? It was a 7 0 3. But the track was different because it wasn't the new asphalt. So it was much bumpier and riskier. And that record was, I think 7 0 5. But crazy dangerous. There's nothing Like It. No, there's Nothing Like It. And there was already befriended with Nick Lau who had his Ian Formula one there.


That's why he burned. And he said, why did he do this? He's so stupid, so dangerous. Nobody cares what you're doing on the middle. It, it was very pragmatic. I was in a bit of a midlife crisis. And so that was on a preparation lab. The car was already feeling odd, the tires were falling apart. And then I said to myself, and that is the amateur approach, I'm gonna give it one try whilst already knowing that the car had an issue. And at one try I was up 15 seconds. So it would've been a six 40 or 6 35. Whoa. Anything Sub seven is, it's Very odd. Outrageous. Today a good time is around six 20 or so. But that was 15 years ago. And the track is a completely different one. As I said before, parts that have fled today were never fled back in the day.


So the car felt odd and I thought, I'm just gonna finish the lap. And then at a puncture, oh, in the most dangerous part. You know the fox hole where it's going down and there's a big oh compression, 2 89 kilometers an hour. Which is how much? 210? It's like 1 75. Really? Only 300 km is 180 miles an hour. I got that fucking Close. Yeah, but you played it down. It's not 1 75. It was one 70. I was up by four. Is it 1 79? Nine. So Divided four by 1 75. I don't know what percentage I was up. That's less than 1%. Yeah, But is it 1 79 straight or is it One 9.5. Wow. Six round 100 is important.


It's 0.2. So you're right. You're right, you're right. You're right. So one eight, imagine Now it's too fast with a puncture. Yes. Right. Rear puncture. Went off into the guardrail, went onto the roof, didn't go into the forest, into the trees, which was lucky. And I sl 250 meters and stopped. Camera is still on. I'm stopping the car. It was on fumes. And I'm de plugging my radio and I'm getting out of the car and you think everything is normal. And then they found me behind the guardrail with the hail and the hands on, lying on my back like I was sleeping. And I have no recollection of my God. Really? God. So in the shock with the adrenaline, caught myself out of the car. No concussion? No, a Massive concussion.


Oh, massive concussion. So they found me there unconscious. They put me in the ambulance and they were taking me to the local hospital there, oxygen on. And the worrying bit was that I had an ache in my spine and I started to feel tingling in my legs. Ooh. And I thought, I can't believe that. I mean, Nikki was right. Yeah. And I'm going into the hospital, they put me in an X-ray on MRI pulled me out and there's a nurse and I'm saying, can you just please tell me whether my spine is damaged? And she says, I'm not authorized to give you that information. That's not what you want to hear. No. That means I'm gonna go get someone to tell you your spine is injured. Bad nose. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm still having the tingling. But obviously you then make it up also.


Right now you're really feeling some tingling. Yeah. Now You're feeling, you don't feel Anything numb. Go to it. Oh my God. I can't move it. Yeah. So the doctor comes and he said, you're fine with the spinal cord, but you have some fractures in your vertebrae. Compression fractures. Whoa. I'm sorry to say Mr. Wolf, but one of your eyes is tilting into the inside. What? So I had a view deviation. So because of the concussion, you know when the eye does this? How do you call it in English? Yeah, Yeah. Crossey Cross eye. It was a concussion. So they got me into the Frankfurt neurology with a helicopter. They checked me again there and said, that is warring and we gotta keep you here. And I said, no, no, no. I don't wanna go to Vienna.


A friend of mine is a neurologist. So they said, well, you can't go to Vienna. The road is too fast in the airplane. You can fly because of the pressure. So the doctor that I had in Vienna jumped into a private jet. Oh, wow. Picked me up and we flew a 10,000 feet. Oh, So you didn't have to pressurize. So I didn't Have the pressure. Oh, wow. Came to Vienna and then that was the diagnosis. And I couldn't sleep on my bag for two months because of the vertigo I got. Oh, my spinning. Like you're fully drunk. Wow. I lost long pre covid smelling and testing. The nerves were damaged, it came back. But everything tasted like cardboard. Ugh. You were not Wow. With Susie yet. 2011 you got married. Yes. So this is two years before.


So That's how I met her, the accident, actually, because she was on a fitness camp with all the other Mercedes drivers. You know, she was an official Mercedes driver in touring cars. She was also a development driver for Williams from one that was later. Yeah. Okay. But She was a Mercedes fitness camp, and I was a shareholder in the touring car team back in the day. But we didn't know each other. And there was a rumor between the drivers that Total had a really bad accident. And they decided who would call me in the hospital, and they decided Susie would call me. Okay, But you didn't know each other or you just in passing? In passing. And that's how we started. What did she say? Well, she said when I was okay, and she heard about the accident and we started talking and it was a half an hour phone call. So the accident was This. Can I paint a picture of how perfectly programmed Suzy was to meet Toto?


So Susie's dad owned a motorcycle shop in Scotland. Okay. She's from Scotland, She's Scottish. Her mom came in to buy a motorcycle, presumably in the sixties or fifties or something early for a woman to walk in and buy a motorcycle. Yeah. She's cool. So then the owner fell in love with her More the seventies. She would be pretty upset if it was the fifties or sixties. Okay. So sorry, The didn't mean It. I was selfishly putting her at our age. She's just not. But if your mom and dad are motorcyclists and the dad races, and then you race all growing up, you're like, yeah, I recognize this. This is my dipshit dad.


I think I love him. Exactly. And you know, he raced in the Isle of Man. No motorbikes. No, He didn't. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. He did. Unlike a two stroke back in the day. I don't know. But it was the aisle of man, fuck That. And that's why they got the kids into carting because they felt that two wheels were too dangerous. Oh, Wowy. But you know, Susie carting, champ, woman, racer of the year, multiple times, one of the only women to ever drive at F1 car development driver at Williams. So cool. Driven in practices at F1. She's a bad effer. So Your kids, there's no question, but they have to try this. Well, we were just talking about that. None of that for the elder ones. Benedict is 23. He studies in USC in Los Angeles.


Oh, amazing. Oh wait, your kid goes to school here? Yeah, my daughter also. Oh, we really should be friends then. We should be. We've got a great guest house. Okay. You saw the cars you can borrow. I know you're only legally allowed to drive that E 63 wagon, but that's fine. No, I drive all your vintage car. The truck would be exactly my car. Oh, okay. Oh wow. Exactly. So the other ones weren't interested at all. I remember when Benedict was five or six, I took him to the local car track in Vietnam and he said, I don't really want to do it. Can I go in the play park? And I thought it's just a matter of getting him into the car and then they will love it. So I said, do a few laps. He said, three laps. Okay. Three laps. So I was thinking, I'm sure it's gonna go well.


That's two extra laps. He only needs one to fall in love. Exactly. He came in after three laps and he said, that's it. Can I go to the play park? And he was clear he had no appetite. Good for him. But the small one is I have a 7-year-old and he's really into it. Okay. Yeah. So I had the same experience. I tell my daughter, she already rides a dirt bike. I say to her, look, I'm not pressuring you, but if you wanted to race carts, I'll race old man class. We have a tour bus, let's do this. You and I will go to races. And she's like, all right, let me try it. I take her to K one and she goes out in a group, it's under 12, and there's like five boys older than her, and they're way faster than her. And she gets a little intimidated and she comes off and she goes, I don't wanna do this.


And I go, okay. Yeah, because I'm trying to give her the childhood I was dreaming of. And you just have to let it go. Maybe it comes back, Well now we're 11. We get into the situation you were in. So we'll resume the story. You're 18, you go to this thing. But one second. For the 11-year-old, Susan and I are of the opinion that that can flip again. So Carlos signs, the old man told me that Carlos had an accident when he was six or seven. They stopped racing because they all felt it was so dangerous. And a few years later, the sun said, I want a go-kart. So I don't think that 11% is too late. If a kid is really into it. True. They're more conscious. They are more able to learn.


You're still building your synapsis. So I think that still goes, But you can at least relate. You go there, you got high hopes, this is gonna be this wonderful thing we share. And they go, this isn't for me. This is your dream. And you go, Yeah, she's appointing. Yeah. Now she's moved on to her mother's dream. She's doing musical theater, she's doing musical theater. I would cry at either when I watched her sing, I cried and she was winning races. I would cry, You're cheering now for musical theater. And whatever they do, we start to cheer for it. You just want them to love something. I want them to love something. I don't care what it is. Just love something and chase it. That's all I want for you. I want you to be on the chase, But maybe too young for loving something. You know, we're putting all this pressure on the young generation, you know?


You gotta Have A passion. Yeah. And you gotta have a real interest. And you gotta perform in school or at sports. I let my kids be, and they're looking at Instagram and everybody's perfect. Everybody's a millionaire has a sensational body. They're On a boat all the time. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And so they're thinking, I'm inadequate. I'm letting them be. And my son, you know, he's in his senior year, he's thinking about what to do next. And I'm taking all pressure off. I say, you don't need to have a passion at 23, because I didn't. The motor racing was gone by 23, and I seriously didn't know what I was interested in apart from making money. Had you gone to college at All? Yeah, it was a dropout. When the racing ended, I also dropped out of college, said, I'm gonna start working now and I wanna be the youngest guy working.


And I didn't care what it was. I wasn't anything like passion. One door opened, the other one closed, and another one opened and another one opened. And I'm taking the pressure off by saying, don't look at me. This is my 52nd chapter. You are in the 23rd. Right, Right, right. Yeah. I was more lost than you can imagine at your age. Relax, breathe. Well then that's my next mystery. So you pivot again. You race for a while and you're good. You're not good enough to be an F1 and you're likely too big. As I tell everyone, the only reason I'm not racing for a MG is because I'm too tall. We would be the ones with the earrings and championships on our face. Shame. It's rare you hear a tall guy complain about being tall. Too tall.


Yeah. Yeah. For Us, we all try to be smart. My shoulders are just too wide. Oh, no. So sorry. So see biceps, you know, the bps would be a real problem. But you pivot and you get into business, and as I understand it, and as the Lord suggests, you start raising money for startups or tech, internet, that's kind of newish. There's a lot of opportunities. And what you start doing is going to companies and saying, I will help raise money for you, but I want some equity. Exactly. Why the fuck did they trust you to do that? You didn't have any equity of your own to bring to the table. I can't imagine. So My friend and business partner, since 30 years, Renee was saying exactly that to me back in the day, why the fuck should they give you equity?


Yeah. You Don't deserve it. And what do you know about IPOs? Right? Right. So I still went there and for whatever reason, convinced them and said, there is no downside for you. If I'm not raising the money for you, or we are not, I oing your company, then you're not giving any shares to Me. You're like an agent kind of. Yeah. If it works out, gimme 10%. Exactly. That was my selling story and it worked. Okay. Have you started to acknowledge the gift you and I were given? This has hit me over the last five years as things have been explained to me, and I've changed my opinions on things. I was brought home to a single white trailer, a ton of violent stepdads addiction all through the family. It was a rough go. So when I heard white privilege, I was like, what privilege did I have?


Sure, some white kids have a lot of privilege, but I didn't have any. I was stuck on that. And then I had this moment of clarity where I was like, well, I was a fully functioning addict for 10 years. I drove around the city all the time with coke in my car. I was drunk half the time. I interacted with police. And I went, oh, that's the privilege. If I were black, I would be in prison for the rest of my life. Yeah. End of story. I would be shot. I didn't talk to police with the right amount of respect, you know, there's no way. And I was like, okay. Yeah. I do have a ton of privilege. I've just now come to own the fact that being six two is a lot of it. I've directed movies. I've gone into studios and said, give me $30 million. You can trust me. I'll leave this group of a hundred people into this end zone.


You believe I can do. And a lot of it is, I'm just tall. It looks like confidence. Oh yes. So First of all, now we know each other for 45 minutes. You have aura charisma, you're convincing intelligent that are the usps, or this is your character. Maybe it gives you credibility of being tall. But I have seen pretty successful men that were tiny Christian Horner. Yeah. He's more square. But I think he's laughing about that. I like Horner. I interviewed him. I had a good time. Well, let's not go too far, but I think he can laugh about it. So there is tiny men that I have met who are very powerful and successful. Look at Bernie Kel Stone.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, F one's littered with tiny men who are powerful and successful. The drivers. Yeah. Many that have failed drivers in Saudi humiliation of not being good enough. There's not many successful drivers that made a success out of a management career. Yeah. I think you are reducing yourself to your height or to your physical. I think it's in the mix. I think it's one of the gifts I was given. Well, I think it's made you feel confident. It's had that impact. And so then you exude confidence. And that's compelling to people, I Think. Yeah. Chicken or egg, I guess. Yeah, exactly. I will say what the privilege thing though. I think privilege is not the right word. I mean, it's the easy thing that's been spread around, but it's more benefit of the doubt. It's like white benefit of the doubt really is What it's Right. I'm gonna assume this kid's not high on drugs.


Yeah. I think if you go back to a white trailer and you have abuse and alcohol, you had a rough upbringing, and that is part of your trauma and your humiliation that's shaped you. Addiction certainly is a self-destruction phenomenon, in my opinion. Or because it's just fun. Have you had any pull towards that? What's your relationship with alcohol? Obviously everybody was into alcohol at a certain stage. That worked really well for me. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. When it works, it's fun. Exactly. So I was never into drugs in my school. Everybody would smoke joints. I didn't smoke any cigarettes. Everybody smoked cigarettes as well. I felt that it never worked. Obviously you got munchkins and you were giggling a lot, but I felt, doesn't work for me.


But there was an incident, we were in an apartment of a friend of mine, 16 years old. So the whole purpose of the Saturday nights was smoking a water pipe or whatever. So we did all of that. Didn't give me a lot. And then I left the apartment and walked about 10 minutes to the subway station, down in the subway station. And you know, there's this yellow lines where you wait for the metro to come. And I stood there, realized I didn't have any shoes on. Oh wow. So wow. I'm walking back into the apartment, ringing at the door. This stoned friend of mine opens the door and I'm saying, I forgot my shoes. And that made their night. They were laughing it off. So it had an effect, but I was too scared of the rest.


I was already mentally fragile and I was scared that it would leave me in a dark place. That's why I never dived into it. But we tried a lot. Oh, you know, another reason we might not be seeing eye to eye on the height thing is, yours came really late, didn't it? Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a big distinction. I've been this size since I was 12. Ah, okay. No, with me it was catastrophic. You know, I was 180, which is six foot, and my weight was on the pounds. Oh, wow. Wow. So I was pretty bad. That was me in high school. String Bee. We weren't very attractive for the girls. No. I had a huge nose, a terrible haircut. I was so skinny and tall. It was rough. Same for me. So more humiliation. Do you identify with being handsome?


Like when people tell you're handsome, do you accept that that's reality? Or do you still think, eh, I think you're confused. I think you're confused. You Too. Isn't that wild? Yeah, me too wild. I'm like, no, no. I'm an ugly duckling from high school. No one liked me. But that's maybe why you're working out. You're trying to compensate it because you're really not believing in that. Yeah, exactly. And then I don't wanna look at myself too much because that is vain. Yeah. And cystic. But we still do. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. We're a human. I look at you enough. I follow Susie's Instagram and she's really generous. There'll be pictures of you wake boarding pictures of you holding the kid over your head on the beach. She's helping us out. But she would never post like a swim trunk photo for her. That's ridiculous.


And I'm a grownup man, and I shouldn't do the Instagram thing of racing drivers showing off. She's keeping you humble. She does. And you know, we have fun at home when you're in front of the mirror and you're doing some stupid posing. Yeah. And she says, that's really turning me off. Don't do that. Yeah, she's dry. I'm glad you have her. That's good. Yeah, It's good. We learned pretty early that our family life is only good if our marriage is good. So when you look at the way she talks about herself, number one is wife, number two is being a mother. And that's very unusual. Yeah. And a career comes third. So she would say, I want to have my own career, but if I had to compromise and number one and number two, I wouldn't compromise, Nor I Nor Me, I wouldn't do it either.


She's Such a good manager or entrepreneur. I think she could do much more and she could base herself in London or so, and she says, I don't want it. And I'm saying to her, you know, if you were to have a career in motor sport and you were conflicted with me, I would step out of an executive role. It's anyway, a lot at the moment and become a dorm and shareholder. But she says, let's look at the big picture here. I think we gotta rely on you. Yeah. You have to be Realistic about who can do what. There's been moments in our marriage where we should prioritize her career. It's generating much more money. And then there's been times where mine's generating more money, so we gotta prioritize mine. Absolutely. And I was also put off, you know when you following this cliche of being with a model or I'm embarrassed for those guys.


Yeah, me too. I see them and I go, where's the personality? Where's the challenge? This is embarrassing for you, but I think You need to go through that. First of all, they never use alone because they see recognition as, well. If a girl stares at her own pictures on the computer, that's a warning sign for me staring too much. Yes. Yes. There's a healthy version. You say that all the time about not wanting models, but you did try it. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I attempted to raise my own self-esteem through other women, and I didn't like myself anymore. When I looked in their mirror and I was over, I was like, oh, this doesn't work. I can't absorb their high status.


I'm trying to, but I can't. I'm not following that cliche. And when I see man, like you say, I said, what are you thinking? Yeah. A friend of mine, he got together with this beautiful lady and he was very famous and she left him. No. And Suzy was very pragmatic to him. He said, what did you expect? Yeah, right, right. What did you think was at the end of this exactly. For people who don't know a lot about F1, and obviously this podcast is largely women and not F1 fans, although we've turned a lot of people into F1. Yeah. Through Danny Ricardo. Yeah. We Love Daniel. Daniel and I are really good friends, and he's been on a bunch of times. I Wear his merchandise. Oh, Ashanti, he brings me that stuff. Yeah, it's Great. Monica wears it too. It Yeah, I love it. Yeah. Super cool. He has a very great eye.


He's a wonderful dude. Talk about charm. Oh my God, he's so Child. And he's always so positive. Yes. How this ended his real shame, how they didn't give him the platform because he's done so so well. But I don't think it's the end of his career. The style that he has with his fashion connection. Oh, he's gonna be fine. He's gonna be fine. For sure. Yeah. So for people who don't know, formula one is 23 races and it's all over the world. And not only is it all over the world, it is not planned with any seeming logic. So it's like you'll be in the Middle East one race, and then the very next race, you're in Europe, then you're in the us, then you're in Asia. You live 7, 8, 9 months of the year weekly. Adjusting your sleep schedule by 12 hours sometimes.


I don't know how that's manageable. How many miles a year do you fly? I don't know, miles. But it's about 600 hours. How are you managing your sleep? What is your routine? I want to hear about how you exercise. You've got a gorgeous physique. Oh, It's gorgeous. It's not on your leg, It's No, it's gorgeous. Especially considering your schedule. I've talked about it with my friend Charlie, who owns a CrossFit gym. He is an Adonis. And we both go, the other route to go would be Toto, which is like, this guy's clearly an athlete. He's not bulky, but he's lean. It's a look. That's the body most woman. That's what mama women Like It. That's what everyone likes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. That's preferred. This is for other guys. Yeah. That's a man to man thing. Yes, yes. This is still insecurities from junior high.


Yeah, Exactly. I think he has a more intellectual anger if you are not too bulky. Yeah. But you're not bike either. What do you do for your physical fitness, for your diet? Anytime I learned something, we did the same thing. I loved it. One was I eat the exact same meal every single day, but I wanna hear about what you eat, how you deal with your sleep, and what's your exercise routine and what is your kind of mental health approach to the highest pressure job someone could have. So let's start with the last one, because that's most important. I am more at risk of a blowout than a burnout. That sounds like stresses where I'm most comfortable, but it is. But unfortunately, it's only a coping mechanism. I would love to sit on a stool in a coffee shop in Greece or Sicily and not do anything and read a newspaper.


But I can't, my mind is too busy. The more pressure I have, the better I feel. That's my real comfort zone. I had to take decisions at the age of eight. Yeah, Yeah. Right. So I never think about it. I go in a restaurant, I look at the menu, it takes 10 seconds, so I only wear the same clothes. Louis thinks about me. I'm the most boring fashion guy. Well, he is very fashion. You guys are fun opposites. Yeah, it is. To be Are very fun opposites. Yeah. Yeah. It is fun. It's a what? It's a odd story. It's a great odd couple. Yeah, We are. He hates everything I wear. He Hates the most My shoes that are coming from a tailor in Vienna Street. He doesn't take any more clients. And I'm showing them and he says, this is the ugliest pair of shoes that I have ever seen.


But that's part of simplification. I wear the same trousers, the same shoes in every color. Blue, beige, gray suits. It's all the same. So I'm not thinking too much when I'm packing. But in terms of the mental health, I think as long as I have to solve problems, I'm really in a good space. When it's calm and comfortable, I can take it for 10 days, the holiday or so, I start to not feel well at all. It's not like I want to be busy, but it's like I'm going into a darker place because it needs the balance. I realized we took a holiday in Sena, which is a beautiful place for three days in July, midseason. And I remember floating on my back in the sea in the Azure water, and I thought, I feel so great.


We went to the same place for three weeks holiday, Three weeks. I never felt good and it got worse and worse. I tell my wife, I'm like, I'll go anywhere. I'll do anything. But every other day I gotta get in the car on the island and go explore. I gotta do something novel. I gotta stimulate, I gotta meet some people. I Don't want to necessarily speak to people, but I wanna be in the middle and look at them. Yes. A piazza in Italy. Yeah, I can do that for seven hours. Exactly. For dinner. A few cappuccino. Oh, and look at them and think about who are they? What's their lives? Their lives, What's going on? Is it as romantic as it looks? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. But I don't wanna talk with Them. Okay, I'll do the talking. Okay.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. When you guys go on your buddy. Yeah. Motorcycle trip And I'm listening. I think we're a good combo. So the mental health, when you're on the road and you are in the middle of the season, do you have a checklist? I Tried all sorts of meditation. Transcendental meditation, Ayurvedic meditation. Then with a mantra, mindfulness, breathing, Jacobson. I did all of that. Doesn't work for me because it's too calm. Trying to calm my mind. Doesn't work. I need the opposite. I need activities that stress me. That's why racing a car is so fine because there's nothing else you can think about. I like going to the gym and go ballistic. So I can't breathe anymore.


I'm into free diving. Oh, you Are? Yeah, I do lots Of that. Because you saw the deep blue, the Luke Bassam movie as A kid. Yeah. Luke on Blue, the long version. Did you see the long version? Yes, of course. Jean Aut. Fantastic. So I do this, I got George and Louis into free driving also. Really? Oh, what's the farthest? You've 35. 35 meters. Meters. A one 15 feet. So I'm not using weight, it's just swimming down myself. And Netflix made quite a thing. There's an episode of George in Drive to Survive Next. Yeah. So we went free diving. They had a full camera crew, two boats, divers in the water, Uber divers to look at us. And I do all of the filming mainly for George. So I'm the semi-pro, and we're doing this first dive with the world champion that is coaching us.


And the first dive is an accommodation dive. So you go five, 10 meters, your body gets used to it. So the mind says, okay, we are here in Upno mode. We need to hold the breath and manage our energy level. So I'm doing my accommodation dive 25 meters, 75 feet, and I'm going down at 10 meters and I feel so great. So I'm thinking I'm gonna go all the way down. It's easier. I feel a little bit of pressure in Maria. Right? Pang a doma ear drum first shitty dive. The whole Netflix thing is gone. You look like a chump, Like a jump. George does his three meters, seven meters and by the end he was a 25 as well. So yeah, that wasn't my greatest moment.


But free diving is great because you can't think about anything else. Yeah, the exact same story but a little different. They wanted to do a story on me for some TV show and they said, oh, it's maybe it's a child. This is great. Benedict my son. Oh, wonderful. Let's see what he's up to. Tell him you're in Los Phylis. Hi. I'm in a podcast. Really fun one You wanna speak to If he's heard of an Armchair Expert? Armchair expert. He knows that he looked at it because I said to him, can you check out the to to You're in the podcast. Okay. Wow, Dre getting everyone Benedict. Oh, I'm good. This is Dax. You're going to USC. And what are you majoring in? In business? You didn't get pulled towards film and television. I did not.


I don, I don know if I like this. I don't know if that was the right move. Oh boy. Best sister was in the car. She's doing comms. She's doing comms. What's your name? I'm Rosie. Hi Rosie. We've got a whole plan laid out. Your dad's gonna start spending a ton of time here in LA at my guest house. So obviously you guys will be in the mix quite a bit. You're living downtown Benedict. You're doing everything wrong. No, no. Let him be. You need to be in Los. He's doing great. Need fearless. And you need to major in film directing and you need to live in Los and we gotta get you straightened out. And I know we're running outta time. This is your senior year all. I'm gonna turn you over to your dad. Now your dad's getting frustrated because this is his time and not your time. Hey, S pin calm down in air from Dax Ssi.


Bye-bye. That's the one phrase Dax Knows. What is the, what Is the, how much does your shirt cost? Vi We've, yeah, I'm Sending them the address. Okay, great, great, great. Okay, you need to be stimulated. What about sleep? How on earth do you deal with that? Yeah, so we had a NASA doctor that gave us sleep plans and say, this is how you accommodate for Jet Lake. Because obviously astronauts in 24 hours, I don't know how many times they have at sunset and sunrise, Every hour and a half they're going 17,500 miles an hour around a 24,000 mile object. Yeah. So they need to sleep somehow. And the truth is, our eyes react to daylight. So we were wearing shades when we took off.


Even if it was day in the airplane, we were eating breakfast at four o'clock in the afternoon because it was breakfast time in Japan. But now, after many years in the sport, I changed my thinking and what I do. And that is I just don't care. You don't stress about it. I don't stress about it. I sleep wherever I can in the plane. I sleep or when I'm awake, I'm not looking at the time zone of arrival. I arrive and it's daylight or night and I try to sleep. And if not, I'm pinging a little bit of a melatonin. Or we have also a sleeping pill. If you work the next day, not the heavy stuff. And it's only fall asleep pill. It's not the one that puts you in the coma. Right? Right. Or makes you get up and make a grilled cheese in the middle of the night. It's not ambient and not know or walk to the subway with your shoes off.


Yeah. And when you're like, Ooh, yeah, and your confi. Well, I take a second one of these. Yeah.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare Blink and get more. Blink is your go-to value brand for smart home security made simple blinks, wired and wire free smart security devices work together to create affordable, convenient, whole home coverage when and where you need it most. With Blink, you're able to see, hear, and speak to people and pets right from the Blink app with two-way audio and crisp HD live view. You even get realtime motion alerts on your smartphone so you can react and engage from anywhere. That's key right there. It's huge. The motion detection's everything. And look, if you're concerned about wireless security products not having a long battery life worry no more. The Blink wireless camera and video doorbell systems have a powerful two year battery life. That's two years of smart security coverage for simple peace of mind. Plus, you can easily set up your Blink devices in just minutes. Everything you need to get started is included in the box. Your device comes in. Know professionals needed to learn more about Blink, visit amazon.com/blink, blink and get more.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple Card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Quince. Tis the season of holiday gifting, but finding the perfect gift can be pretty overwhelming for timeless gifts made from premium materials at an affordable price. Quince has your back. Quince lets you treat your loved ones and yourself to quality essentials like their Mongolian cashmere sweaters, which start at just $50. That's an elevated gift at a price that won't break the bank. Or for more winter coziness, try their super soft fleece sweatpants or their packable puffer jackets both perfect for anyone who's traveling for the holidays. Yes. Okay. They also have, they're called ultra stretch point P-O-N-T-E, straight leg pants. And they are really, really great. They're great for travel. They're very cozy gift Luxury. This holiday season without the luxury price tag. Go to Quince dot com slash dax for 365 day returns plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


I was in Japan with Suzy and we were in this hotel in Tokyo and I woke up in the middle of the night and couldn't sleep. So I took a half of a sleeping pill and she gets up and I said, why are you getting up in the middle of the night? And she says, it's nine o'clock in the morning. And I was, fuck, I just took a sleeping pill. Oh no. She did all the sightseeing. I slept for the all day. I sleep when I sleep. I'm awake when I'm awake. But I follow my nutrition discipline in a very, very strict way. I know breakfast is two pieces of pumper, nickel toast, extra crispy tomato cheese, No tomato. Ham, Ham, ham, ham, ham and an espresso and a sparkly water.


I don't do it anymore. What Don't you do? I don't do breakfast anymore. Oh No, that's done. Yeah, that's done. I do a cappuccino. No Breakfast. No breakfast, because I feel like that is useless. Calories. I'm not hungry. Anyway, the cappuccino is a little treat. It does me feel little bit sick afterwards, so I'm not hungry. The right amount of nausea. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And then I'm having lunch and dinner and for lunch, wherever I am on the racetrack, I only eat the same. And there is chicken breast, some vegetable, tomato, and I treat myself to half a glass of full sugar Coca-Cola. That's good for digestion. Okay. Okay. Half a glass of regular Coca-Cola. Yeah. Not your half pregnant diet Coke.


Right, right. You're disgusted by that. Yeah. You're smarter than Bill Gates and I, but continue. You Got that one. Then I try to do lean protein, but then I can indulge as well if I see something really nice on the menu or if the local food is marvelous, then I will have Big plate of pasta when you're at Manza. Yeah. The pasta. Yeah. Yeah. Do you drink wine? I don't drink wine. I don't drink beer because of the gluten knife. Doesn't do me anywhere. If I'm drinking alcohol, then it's full blast. Vodka. That's the Romanian in you. Yeah. Polish. You don't drink huge amounts and you after like 20 minutes, you're already having fun. Yeah. The liquid is not huge and you're not mixing.


So I don't feel sick. I don't feel bad next day hungover. Nice. Okay. I have just a couple of remaining questions. These are just curiosities. March 15, March 16. These are the names of your two companies. Are those people's birthdays? No, that was the day I set the company up. So I wasn't very creative, so I said, why don't we do the date today. Okay. About it. And then my coincidence in 2004, it happened to be March 16th. No, I took the next date. Okay. So it had a reason at the beginning and then it didn't have a reason at the end. Yeah. Breakfast we talked about. Yeah. Working out. Because you're a gym person. I'm not a cardio person. No, you're a cardio person. I hike. That's the extent of my cardio. I can't get on a treadmill. I can't jog Cycling. Cycling.


No. We're too tall for bicycles. We are looking like huge gorillas on this tiny little thing. Even Me on the race motorcycle, I look ridiculous. People will comment when I post pictures. I think I look so cool. And they're like, is that a normal sized bike? Exactly. That's a normal sized bike. Exactly. And we are not good with aerodynamics as well. So we have a deficit against everybody else. Yes. But under breaking, it's good if I sit up, I pull a lot of drag. So like Valentino Ross, you put your leg out also to balance. Were You there the day that Valentino and Louis swapped? No, but I had to give permission so I gave it and I think they both enjoyed it a lot. Louis is the annoying kid in school that does everything right and fast. He was quite good on the bike. Yeah. So I tell you a story about biking secretly they didn't tell me.


They went testing EZ with my head of strategy, who is also keen, a motorbike guy and one of the engineers. And I couldn't get hold of him for two days. And then I'm calling Luis, my engineer picks up and he says, it's all good, all is fine. We just finished biking and just whatever you hear, he's all fine. Oh, oh. I said what happened? Oh my God. Whatever fell. But he was four seconds off the Moto GP pros only. No, It was unbelievable. The body feeling that he has is what makes him a champion. But in that doc, Valentino's, my God. I mean that is number one. People have Jordan, I have Valentino Rossi the doctor, 46. He's everything. The spirit of him, he's so elegant, everything's so great.


He was not terribly far off Lewis in the car. I thought what he did in the car was kind of mind blowing. I think from motorbike guys, it's easier to drive Yes. A car fast than for car people because it's just so much more complicated with balance on the bike. And I think the brak on a motorcycle takes some real work. Yeah. But my favorite part of that doc is Valentino Rossi. What doc? There's this great documentary where these two come together. They're both monster Energy athletes. So I think it was sponsored by Monster and Valentino gets to drive his F1 car slash tos, F1 Car. Oh, I see, I see, I see. And then Lewis rode Valentino's Mo GP Bike. Oh boy. Which is a fucking handful. This is like a 320 bucks. But He did great horse.


Okay. Goes Much faster than a car, but doesn't break because obviously you have no contact. Oh My God. And the corner speeds lower. But yeah, they're going 225 miles an hour at every track. It's nuts. But anyways, Valentino Rossa, he's got the cutest personality imaginable. And he is a Formula one nerd. He's been watching and he loves Lewis and he loves Bono Lewis's race engineer who's always in his ear. So he's been watching for years and he's hearing Bono say to Lewis, push, push, push. So Valentino gets in the car and he goes, hello Bono. And he goes, yes, Valentino. And he goes, will you tell it to me a push, push, Push? And Bono says, push, push, push. And he is like, ah. Isn't waiting his whole life for the Yeah, it Was the purest moment.


God. Isn't it funny though? You can be the absolute best at what they do, the top of their feet, the they adverse statist. They're, and yet they wanna be the best at something else. Like we are not satisfied as people. It's crazy. Yeah, No, no, no. But they are from a special breed also. Never satisfied. Yes. I mean I guess that's how you get to be those people. I hope I don, I'm not saying anything that would be important for him. Intimate. He asked me once you'd rather be successful or happy. We have talked about this too. And I said, what is it with you? And he said, successful. You wanna hear verbatim. One of my questions to you. Yeah. Are there certain endeavors that are inherently antithetical to mental health?


The goal of a healthy human should be to feel worthy of love and affection regardless of their status or accomplishments. But that simply cannot be the goal of a person pursuing victory or perfection. How do we make peace with that? Your human goals are antithetical to almost your career goals as a human. What we would strive for is that I'm worthy of love and affection just 'cause I exist. But in racing and business, it's not that. That's not the rules of the game. So you're balancing what you want as a human and then also what you want as someone engaged in an endeavor. But there Are people that are really happy with their lives and they don't thrive for being in some kind of record books.


Whatever our KPIs are or various KPIs, use of the two of you will be very different than what you want to achieve to mind. Specifically, Was your answer happiness or was it success? Since A few years they are converging. Before I was success only. Yeah. You're also 16 years older than Louis 12. That's Right. He's my age. Well, he's two years older than you. He oh five. He's 14 in January. Ooh, couple days in January. Yeah. Capric three know that Capricorns, I'm not into birthday. You know I forgot W Stock Kibbutz stuck. I forgot my wife's birthday. Oh. Oh That's Not a good, Nope. So we were in a hotel in, we're coming down in the lobby. There is my team waiting for us and they're all happy birthday. So, and I was like, Fuck.


So Everybody looked at me because they know I'm not good with the dates. Every day needs to be a birthday. Why? I need to celebrate that you are already older than you are. I couldn't agree more. I think it's embarrassing to have birthday parties. All of it's embarrassing. That's nice. But I get that you're celebrating that you're still alive. Maybe that's the reason she's looking at me and she laughs and said I had it all prepared for the afternoon. That's what you said. Wait till you see what's coming in noon and you're texting someone on your team. Yeah. Help, help. No, I got a card, but she knows me. So we have a weird age gap of this 12 years. But the gap is more like not a dad and son is more like brothers. It's not father son.


No, no, no. We are much more peers, friends than father son. We can vice versa, play different roles if the other one needs the support or Yeah. Difficult periods. I don't want to ask you this question 'cause I don't think you're gonna Like It, but it crossed my mind. Was there any part of you that was relieved that Lewis decided to leave and that you never had to make that decision? Absolutely. You couldn't make that decision? I couldn't make the decision from a personal standpoint. We owe him so much and I didn't want to do the decision as Mercedes letting the greatest champion ever go. Yeah. And so disrespectful And maybe he felt that also that's part of it. And he knew that Antonelli is in the pipeline.


It was something that I almost had in the back of my mind that that would happen. Yeah. I think it's heartbreaking, but I also think it's the best version of what could have happened. Yeah. It was a curve ball thrown at us. And it still feels weird that he's gonna wear a Ferrari over or next year and drive the red car. It's just a bit surreal. But we had this 17-year-old in the pipeline. I didn't want to miss out on him like I did with Max back in the day. I didn't have a car. So that is all falling into place. Yeah. And I can kind of get where he's coming from because we Weren Unsu successful. Our car was not quick enough. Certainly had a mega offer on the table. Every Formula One driver wants to drive a Ferrari. I think that's it for me. Yeah. Like as someone who loved someone, even if I wanted them in my life still, I would understand like yeah, that's whatchu marker did.


That's what you do. I want the best for him, even though I'm gonna aim to beat him next year, but I want the best for him. Also from a personal side, I had a little fantasy when he left that you were somehow gonna get Adrian Newey and Max. Yeah, Me too. I also have that fantasy. So What can I say without talking Ship? Yeah. I think on the engineering side, I'm really happy of where we are. We are not having the success on track that we would want to. We had three race victories this year. Two on merit. But I feel in a really happy space with James Ellison being our technical director. We are reorganizing the team. We've hired, we have like some people go and on drivers yours, max and I, we always had a correct relationship.


It suffered the bid in 2021 because it got dirty from both sides Also. It sucks. You were on the inside of it. So it's not as pleasurable on the outside. What a year? What a year? Yeah. What a fucking Year. And it's part of a great success we're having today. It was really dramatic. And I remember the topic that nobody wanted to touch on many Christmas tables was Trump, Brexit and Abu Dhabi 2021. Right. I've been in many fights on my own. I have a single question about that event. Can we Give some context for people who don't Know? The most improbable thing happened, which is in 2021, max and Lewis entered the final race tied at 235.5 points. Something like this.


Five. I don't Remember the point. Five impulsive. Same points and A half points somehow. Yeah. Add up the improbability that he has 2,500 employees making a car. Red Bull has 2000 employees. You have all those variables, different designs. Two different human beings. Yeah. They're finishing every single qualifying within a hundredth of a second of, there's too many variables for it's impossible. Now you add in through all this dramatic season, there were points taken away. There were lapse given back, there was judgment calls. They land at 2 35 0.5. It's not possible. The race goes on. Max is not gonna win. He is behind three cars that have been lapped.


There's an accident. The race goes under safety car. So everyone's bunched up. Now here's my question as I understand it, and I could be totally wrong. They unla cars that have been passed. So the person between Max and Lewis, they're number one and two. But there's three cars in there. But they're in spots. 18, 19, 20. Yeah. So the rules, as I understand 'em, is that under a safety car, the cars in between are allowed to unla themselves. So they're allowed to go out in front of the lead car and join the back of the pack where they belong. Oh, I see. Okay. But what's really weird is that they don't unla 'em right away. That to me is like, this is the problem. It's not like who did what. It's like they should have been un lapped right away. They weren't. So four laps goes by and then they make a decision with one lap left to let them unla.


Okay. Max is on brand new tires. Lewis is on 13 lap old types. Ah. The safety car pulls off and Max passes them within two turns and he wins the championship. It would've been Lewis's eighth championship, which would've made him surpass Schumacher. Oh shit. The stakes could not have SI mean the drama of it, it'll never get better. Now my question, and when I've been in arguments with people, I'm like, are you saying that they don't unla cars? Or are you saying in that situation they shouldn't have un lapped cars? The strict interpretation of the rules is you need to unla the cars and make them join at the back. So pick one box, we win the championship. It's clear because there's not enough laps left and the race finishes under safety car. The second version is once you make the cars on lap, you need one more lap before green flag.


Oh, we win the championship. The third one was more of an outlier against the rules, but we could understand this, give it the last lap. So you have a green flag lap and not behind a safety car. Then Louis would've won because there was a few cars in between. Well, That's questionable. Three or four cars in between. I mean, max potentially could have got by them. I don't know. But I Yeah, You know, was anyway, not part of the rule. We couldn't have pitted for fresh tires because we were in the lead. We would've given up position. Yeah, that's right. And then the race would've ended up on the yellow or safety car. So we would've lost the race. So five laps to the end. We are world champions. There is no scenario. You've won. We've won. Yeah. Won. I can see in the garage already. And then someone decides the rate the world championship should end with a lap.


And what you say un those cards in the middle is unheard of. Both drivers were deserving champions because of the up and down during the season. And probably both of them should have been world champions. I'll argue too, you had a better card than Red Bull that year At the end, not the first half of the year. I think Louis was the stronger driver in the second half. Max was in the first half. And the same with the cars. They should have both had the trophy. But on that day, in that race, the race was decided and it failed the other way. This is the most controversial thing in all of us. One of the last. Yeah. And probably in most sports. Wow. Yeah. That was so clear that the referee decided to do something which was not in a rule book. Not even a judgment call, but just not in the rule book.


But having said that, it was more like the madness of it. Yeah. The chaos and the confusion. Exactly. And I felt that the other side, and that's not Max, but you know, there was not a one sentence in saying that was a difficulty for Mercedes. That could have gone either way. We got lucky. Yeah. They're both deserving champions to today. It went against Mercedes, it went against us before. It was not one word from Christian or the other team. Yeah. In acknowledging that. Yeah, it It was like entitlement. I'm guessing though, because it was so disputable that to even say that sentence would've felt Like It could have tipped it. I don't know. We would've said it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah.


It would've been the right thing to do. Yeah. There's humans at the end of all of this. Exactly. Yeah. And I entered the sport through drive to survive. Did you? Yes. Really? Okay. I was like, this is boring. They don't pass each other. What is this racing? Who cares? And then when I learned what's happening technically, I was like, oh, this is way more in depth and interesting than it seems on the surface. And I think the drama helped the sport also. Oh yeah. Drive to survive happened when everybody was at home. And believe it or not, our strongest growing demographic is a young females. 15 to 24-year-old. Yeah. Because there's all these hot boys driving around. Is that the reason? We don't know really why It's part of it for sure. It doesn't hurt. It's definitely part of It. Charles is a supermodel. Danny was the cutest guy in the world.


Yes. Louis is Gorgeous. They're all gorgeous. There's Only a couple duds in the whole group out of 20 guys. That's Yeah, the women do. They're like, that's my guy. That's my guy. There's Something for everyone. No. Yeah. Oh Yeah. Also that show is just so well done. Yeah, very. They really get you invested. Now, that was one of my questions. I'm keeping you too long. Don't worry. We we're on the phone for quite a while. So You're a very smart person. You're also very incentivized because you own a third of the team. You're experiencing this from a lot of different viewpoints. You're a team principal, you gotta win. But you're also an owner. And so I think you naturally saw that when Liberty Media came in and bought this and they expressed this goal of making the entertainment more present and the sport, but bringing the entertainment up.


I've heard you talk about it and you're like, initially we were like, that's a little scary, but I think you're a business owner and this worked. I mean, fuck, the first time I went to Coda, the race weekend was 120,000 and it was four 40 last weekend. Single Biggest event in the United States last year. Who would've ever thought that the Formula One race? It four acts. Yeah. So you, at some point in the first year, Mercedes and Ferrari didn't participate in Drive to Survive. Oh, I Remember that. It was a blessing in disguise for the sport because so many other personalities were Featured. True, definitely. We wouldn't have had Danny, we wouldn't had Gunter, we wouldn't have had, It was huge for Danny. Yeah. It was a blessing. We got to learn a lot about a lot of other drivers, but at some point you're smart enough and incentivized enough that you go, okay, great.


So I, I get it. This entertainment thing's kind of working and now you too have to assume a character in this soap opera. And I'm wondering a how easy that was for you to take on, I've been to races and been in the paddock and watched you walk around. You're a full blown movie star at that race. You know, you're on your scooter and people are excited having to be a character in the soap opera. How has that been? So I think one of the features of myself and what I'm looking up to in other people is authenticity. We kind of feel when somebody's not authentic, you know? And even if you're intellectually not capable or you're not thinking about it when you watch someone on Telio in a movie or you meet someone instinctively you said, I'm like that person, or I like the person. And for me, there's a lot of correlation with being authentic and I don't wanna walk away from that.


So whatever I do, whether the cameras or the microphone points to me, I'm trying to always be authentic and not act for the cameras. Super important. Yeah. That's hard though. It's super Hard. It's Tempting. It's right there. Yeah. That's why we didn't play at the first season with Ferrari. I didn't want all of my people to be distracted by a camera and then suddenly performing Good And perform Distracting. Yeah, Of course. A camera points on you. So I never do that. But you understand that the show is so successful that there is a lot more visibility of yourself and Formula One that has happened for me, the kind of status in terms of media visibility happened very late in my life.


I was 45, 46. So I exceed with a certain skepticism. Surprise. Why would people wanting to take a selfie with me? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And I look at the benefits I Could show you right now, exchanges between me and Brad Pitt talking about you. Seriously. I'm gonna take full credit for this in front of you. He and I love Moto gp. I watched Drive to Survive. I text him, watch this documentary, text me when you finished. I know it'll be within 24 hours. He texts me when 16 hours. This is incredible. I'm so in. Next is he befriends Lewis, I'm learning that he's going and hanging out with Lewis. And then I said, yeah, but let's talk about Toto.


And he said, listen, I have this text. This is gonna kill you. Totos also a great dancer. Where did he get, he Get somewhere and he saw you dancing. He's, you're not Gonna believe this. Totos also a great dancer. And I'm like, oh fuck, this guy's got it all. Wow. Brad Pitt is completely enamored by you. That's a very weird turn of events at 45. Yeah, absolutely. So I generally am not starstruck and I admire people that are really good in what they do independently, whether they are famous or not. But there was this moment when they started the documentary, they were interested in my role. And I think J plays a little bit of a toto.


Yeah, okay. As a team owner and team principal, by the way, a super guy, curious, interested. We are talking about this and we are agreeing on dinner at our house in Oxford. He ring at the doorbell. Brad Pitt walks into the house. Yeah. Oh my gosh. It fucks you up, right? Yeah. He's not human. He's like, it's a different thing. De A. Yeah. Brad Pitt, Tom Cruise, George Clooney i's not many of them. No. Yeah, exactly. But even in that group it's Brad Pitt. Yeah, it's Brad Pitt. And that was a moment where I thought we've come a long way That Brad Pitt is coming to the house. How does Susie handle Brad Pitt at dinner? Well, she Obviously says to me that she likes me much more. She has to say that She's, Don't worry, don't you?


She has to say that. That was such a moment. But I'm looking at it, like I said, with a little bit of curiosity why all of this is happening. And I haven't found many advantages of being on tv. I mean, you get a better table in a restaurant, But yeah, other than that, that's sort of where it ends. Yeah. Because you need to have your own vanity under control. And I'm realizing that I like that. And then I try to dial myself back and say, that is just linked to the role. A politician is recognized by everyone. The moment the politician is stopping the activity, nobody cares. And the same is in many other jobs. You're a CEO of a company, it doesn't matter anymore. You stop as an actor or I stop in my role that's gone. And I think you need to be prepared that if one day you step out of the hamster wheel that this is gonna stop.


And that's why it shouldn't play a big importance to us. Well This has been an insane pleasure. My very last thing is Monica has only liked a single car. I try to get her interested in cars and she does not care. She likes a single car. The Mercedes 300 ssl. It's A beautiful car. Toto has one. You Do what color? So I sold all the other cars. You did? Yeah. I had to tick the boxes in terms of what I wanted to have and achieve, and then I sold them more. Yeah, they're stressful. Yeah. Also, I didn't feel Like It was authentic anymore. Me driving around in an old Ferrari. Right. So I only kept the mercedeses and I have two of these. One road stuck convertible and one coloring.


That's The one. Although you'd be happy in that convertible. Oh, I want fun. He and Susie look so elegant. I feel like I'm watching like a sixties Wow. Italian film. That's a beautiful color. The galling, you know, is great, but it's getting very hot in there. There's no air condition. The engine in the gearbox is right underneath of you. So in LA it would be troublesome. I Love the heat. I can take it. You love The heat? Yeah. Syn genes. I can really do that. So when you're next in Europe, tell us we'll take you out in the gallery. Oh, I'll do it. I'll do it. You bitch. That was my invite. That'd be like a Matt Damon a invited. Oh, they'd be like if Matt Damon invited dinner. Oh shit, that happened. Yeah, that happened. Dinner didn't bring me. Yeah, I wonder. Hmm. Okay. I wonder how that would feel. I deserve this. Great. That's right. That's right. That Was great.


I take it too, we look a little bit like Frankenstein's in the car if the two tall guys. So I'm taking the seating pillow out so I'm not looking too stupid. Okay. Okay. Then I fit under the steering wheel. So this is my very last one. So your wife is an incredible driver. I have to imagine she probably could turn better lap times than you at most places. Yes. And I'm proud of that. Yeah, should. As You should be. Should be. She was a professional driver. She says, what do you expect when we are getting this question asked? So we were cutting in the past and she's always two seconds faster. And then I thought, I'm gonna trick up. Obviously I'm heavier, so I put 25 kilograms of ballast in the car. Oh great. So that's the wife of my children. They're may be here. They may be here. Yeah. Okay, great. We're landing the plane. So I put the weight in her cart.


Two seconds. She says the card is actually pretty good Table. I got myself special qualifying tires, red big. Oh Wow. You for your finger sticks. And then two seconds. Oh, I love this. Good for Her. Yeah, she's really quick. Well, toto, this has been as fucking fun as I could have ever imagined for you Monica too. So Fun. It's just cab stuff. No, you're a star. We Kept it pretty, not tech. That was great. It's great. I saw Monica rolling her eyes a little bit. That's okay. Oh no, we are talking. I also wanna throw this out here. I always roll before we sign off. You allowed a journalist to write a book about what you're going through right now, which is a lot.


And it's called Inside Mercedes F one, Life in the Fast Lane. And you guys all participate. It's a very good book to learn exactly what's happening on that team. I was generally not a book fan because I get asked quite regularly about the biography or autobiography and my answer is let's do that when I'm 80. Because now people say I've been successful and let's write about it. But what is, if I continue to fail now? So I don't wanna have it stop at 50 and then take A nose dive. Exactly. So let's write it when I'm 80. Let's Make sure we get to the finish line. You already did though. Yeah. Or when I'm gone, then you can have a real summary. Right. That True Nuts. The full story. Exactly. I mean we're suddenly over halftime, both of us.


And I hope so. We are over halftime. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But that book is different and special because it gives an insight into how the team operates. It's not an ego story, it is just the operation of the team. So I was a bit skeptical, but the journalist embedded himself really well. It is a little bit of an nerdy book for the operations of a Formula One team, but seemed very interesting. That's Cool. It's very interesting. It's very well written and I recommend people who are interested at all in this to check that out Inside Mercedes F one. It's been a blast. I hope we get to talk to you again and we will soon be on a twisty road in something. Yes, please. Oh, well you guys will be First Mercy on the 300. Can't wait. All right. Be well. We hope you enjoyed this episode.


Unfortunately they made some mistakes. Good morning. Good morning. We were both feeling sweaty today. Yeah, it's officially festive time. How wake are you? I'm 22%. 22. That's pretty low. Yeah. Lowest you've ever been on a I took a shower. Oh Good. Normally that wakes me up, but yeah, it's early for the listener. Yeah. It's nine. That doesn't feel that. That doesn't sound that early, but On a holiday, on a holiday, it feels absurd. Yeah. Yesterday was Thanksgiving. Yeah. In our universe right now.


We were Out and up late. Yeah. What time did you go to slumber? What time did I leave? Like 10. I think I left around 10. And then I had a little work to do and then I had to work on today's gift guide. Oh, you had to do that at night? I had to do a lot at night because What Time did you fall asleep? I Probably fell asleep at like 1230. Oh, okay. Yeah. So not horrendous. No. I made a huge mistake yesterday. So when we were on the group chat, the girls group chat, figuring out timing for Thanksgiving. Yeah. Kristen wrote, come over around 12 and we'll eat around four.


Yeah. And I read, I don't know what happened. I read that as come at four, like I missed the 12 part Oh wow. So I thought it was arrival time was four, which I did kind of think was late. Yeah. I didn't love that choice. No, the day's over. Yeah. But I thought, oh, she just wants it to be fast. So, okay. And then I found, but really, Hold on. So I too am in the intentions judging business, but when I come up with an intention, I do also evaluate. So when you were like, yeah, she wants it over fast, you're like, that sounds right. It's not that I was like, oh, it's bad. She wants it over fast. It was, yeah.


Just like, oh, maybe, I don't know. She wants it in and out. There's a million reasons that it could be. So I just, I just didn't wanna question it. So then I planned my whole day around a four o'clock. Oh boy. Yeah. So what did that mean? And I had to make two dishes, Right? Two beautiful dishes, potatoes, Two sets of potatoes, one sweet, one mashed. And I was editing an episode and I had a whole plan. I was gonna like wake up leisurely and edit this episode. Yeah. Yeah. Make my thing. Oh, zippo had plenty of time. Coffee drink. She, Laura texted and said, based on Cece, her baby's nap time.


She was, she said she'll probably be around one. And I was like, one, she's gonna come three hours early. What's she thinking because of the baby. So then I scrolled up and I saw, and at this point it was 1130. Oh boy. Okay. So you were on, So then I went into a panic. Yeah. And you were on a course of action At that point. Point. But I got there at two 30, which Was very late from my perspective. But I didn't know about the erroneous 4:00 PM start. So I was in a position of like, everyone's coming at noon and then at noon nobody comes. Oh, I hate when that happens. At one, nobody comes.


And then I go to my insecure place of like, oh wow, no one's coming to our thing. Even though you knew everyone was coming. And then I fast forward to whatever poor sucker does, show up semi on time. They're gonna be like, where is every, I know no one wanted to come to this party. I guess. That's Funny because, I mean, I guess it's the same thing you're thinking about me reading Kristen's text, but that feels outrageous to me because the only people there were our friends. Yeah. So no one would ever, no one thinks like that when it's just the pod. If it was a random party. Yes. It was starting to getting a little embarrassing though, that the kickoff time was noon and we didn't have anyone at one, I don't know, 30. This Is the problem with the girls only being on the text.


Yeah. It's not great. Yeah. And do you think most friend groups, it's like that. It's just the women. The women. Chitter. Chattering. Yeah. Chatter. Chatter. Chatter. I do, I do. Yeah. I'm Trying to think. Friend group at home, similar Guy chains are very specific. I'm only on a few of 'em. I'm on like one with wubby wob for Formula one. Oh, nice. And that's just, you know, so-and-so's getting fired. Yeah. They're fucking, they're gonna rule, you know, it's not like With Matt and Charlie too. Yeah. Matt, Charlie, Jetro, wob, myself. Who else is on it? Wob anymore. That's it. That's it. That's sweet. From all the boys that had to be in communication for F1. Kind of carried. Yeah. I love that you're keeping it up. If you see something outrageous in the F1 community, that's where you sound off.


But there's very little logistics. What very little Logistics happening in there. Correct. And this is maybe, again, I don't know if this is specific to me or this is common gender wise, but there's a lot of things and you, and you're not a fa a fan of a lot of these methodologies I have. And I agree. They're flawed, but for me they're most efficient. Like I don't ever ask when there's 20 people over, I don't say who's in the mood for a sushi. It's like, I know this group. I know what people like, I'm a bunch of food will arrive and no one will care. As long as there's food there. You make the decision for the group. Yeah. I don't do the hour and 20 minutes to order thing. That's fine. There's two ways of being. Yeah.


And I, yeah, exactly. And I'm not angry at the other approach other than when I'm hungry, I'm like, oh my God, how long is it gonna take everyone to decide on this? And then everyone's got anyways. So similarly, it's like, here's a time to do a thing if you want to or not. There's never a bunch of haggling over it. Or fine tuning. Also a window that's, I would've never all blessings to my wife. That's confusing to me. Starts at noon. Dinners at four. Well That makes sense because It's too gray. Like if I'm at home, like, what does that mean? When are people coming? Do people come two hours before dinner? No. For things you, like I would've told when dinner starts, I would just said, be here at two. A split in The middle. No, she has to tell us because we're all cooking stuff. We have to know like What I cooked the most in my house yesterday.


What'd you Cook? Shitty Biscuit. I made five trays of shitty biscuits. You did four pounds. Biggest yield ever. That was, they were fantastic. How Many G? Like four probably. That's a good amount. Yeah. Yeah. You cooked the most in your house. Yeah. But everyone was making a lot of things. And you have to plan it time-wise because of oven times. Do you need to arrive with it? Hot? You have to know what time dinner's starting. Yeah. Okay, great. I don know. Four hours. Take your pick, throw a dart at the board. It seems a little And And we got what we, we rebuilt, we sowed, which is like, you wandered in at two 30. Someone's there 1 45. Someone gave me three. What's, it's Fine. It Not is all fine. Yeah. It's the way it's supposed to be. Really? Yeah. I wanna open the door like I'm in sw.


Have you heard this joke about Swedish people? Uhuh? Like if you throw a party and you announce it to your coworkers that I'm having a party at 5:00 PM they say in Sweden and the doorbell will ring. And when you open the door, all 52 guests will be there at At five, two minutes before. Yeah. Wow. They're all there. It's not like one person's early. The whole group will be there at the exact same time. Well That's funny. 'cause on a previous fight list bird, we did talk about like arrival times and being late and parties. 'cause David was acknowledging, oh, it looks like in America people arrive late Whenever they're in the mood to get there. Which they give 'em a nice four hour birth and just land somewhere.


Think About any party, like a Halloween party. You don't go at the time. That's my point entirely. Yeah. Think about a Halloween evening party. Yeah. If there's so much anxiety, it's, they said it starts at eight. No one's probably getting there at eight. You don't wanna be the one person there. And then you're like, I guess that really means 10, 15 everyone. Right? And you have all this anxiety and you can't plan it. Right. If it was just like, forget the eight, forget the early arrival. Let's go with when people are really gonna come. Let's say this party starts at nine 30, but Then people will come at 11. Well, I think everyone's just responding to this willy-nilly broad strokes. Well, I was, there's a four hour window of arrival time. Mm. I don. Yeah. Well technically I was actually an hour and a half early To dinner.


To the two and a half hours late. Thought was the arrival time To the hang time. Yeah. Yeah. You're right though. It was the pod. So I didn't get too insecure. But if that was like my birthday party, that's How we normally do. We just roll in and roll out By one 30. I would've canceled the birthday party. Like if it started at noon and at one 30. It's still just my family sitting there. And then my anxiety of who is gonna be the first one there to see that I'm a nerd. That no one came. I just cancel Lot. Were you sitting on the couch? Like, I try to make myself a little busy. I'm like, I, I'm gonna go. I don't wanna be sitting at the door when people walk in like, hi. And I'm on the couch in my Thanksgiving best. Anyways. Spectacular Thanksgiving.


Beautiful Thanksgiving. Really? Another, another perfect Thanksgiving. Yeah. What were your highlights? I'm sure you can guess mine. I can guess yours. You played volleyball. Okay. That was Yours. Christmas volleyball. Thanksgiving. When I grew up, we went to a family reunion in Sturgis, Michigan at the Lebos. And it was at the motel and there's a conference room and you had a big huge, I don't know how many there were of us, 35. There's six kids and grandkids. And then you played football. Sure. In the field. And it was cold as hell. All the uncles and stuff. Kind of fun. I can't, no, the kids couldn't really play football. Oh. The adults are running around and tearing hamstrings and stuff.


And the kids are like, I'm hoping, you know. Yeah. That's so cute. You're just out there running around, I guess. Yeah. And acting like you're a part of it. Yes. And then you're a big boy, like your uncle's. Aw. Throwing a football. So we didn't have a sport contingency out here. And I really like now that volleyball might be an option. Yeah. Yeah. My favorite was secret Turkey secret. That's always so lovely. Secret Turkey. And again, we, everyone already knows how it works. Lily assigns it. But I will say this year I think people try to top themselves from the previous years. It's, it's on a kind of an untenable course. It Is. It's getting outta control. Yeah. It was like that present. Ryan made a knife. He Forged a knife and he made the handle outta wood.


Yeah. I'm guilty of the thing I've yelled at you about. Thank you. You like, do not disturb Liz on. And guess who's changed her? All her ways. Or Do not disturb ways. You say one mean thing. One critical thing. Highlights of secret Turkey. What do you think were, oh God, I'm biased a little bit. I'm so impressed with Delta's hot air balloon baseball. She didn't What A present. She made such a cute 1 25 Hour man. 25 man hours at least. Yeah. These presents took forever. Yeah. I wanna talk about, you gave a advent calendar. I Did. I made it to Molly. No, to Amy. To Amy, correct. Yes. I made one. You said Molly is Amy.


You gave it to Amy. So I bought these little boxes. You purchased those? I purchased the cardboard boxes At a box store. Cardboard box Store. Amazon. Oh, Okay. Amazon Prime. Oh, you can order them. Yeah. And they come in a sheet and you assemble 'em. Oh Great. So I assembled all of them and then I made them into a Christmas tree shape. Is that standard Advent calendar? A lot of them are made into Christmas tree shapes. Okay. Not all, some of 'em are rectangles. But I wanted to make a festive. And so I drew on each one. I drew like the number and I drew all over each box. And after the third box I thought, I am not gonna make it.


I can't do it. Well Great. I'm glad you brought this up. I wouldn't have said anything, but I looked at it and it was enormously impressive. It was huge. I wanna say it was like 28 inches tall. Yeah, it was huge. It didn't put in a trash bag. 18 inches wide, maybe 24 inches wide. 24. Let's say the top boxes were like pitchers and dry. And then I noticed on the bottom, I just noticed it says like 21, 22, 23, 20. Like It seemed like you 22, 23, 24. That wasn't a cheat. That was, I knew you would think that. Oh my God. Well, I don't know about Advent SI actually anticipated Eric was gonna say this out loud. Well, I didn't say anything. Of course I didn't wanna humiliate anyone. But you just told me you started phoning it in and I thought, oh, that Makes sense.


I did not, you didn't even, lemme finish. Oh, okay. Okay. The, the reason the bottom is just the bottom row. 22, 23, 24 was out of brown marker and it just set it. But that's because that's the stump. Oh, That's the stump. The rest is the tree. Okay. The top had a star on it. Oh, beautiful. Andhow. It was usually impressive. I don't know why you're upset. 'cause you're, oh my God, you're so gaslighting. You're like, I see you phoned it in. I don't know why you're upset about that. No, because at the end it looked like at the end you were like, that's enough. That was The stump. Okay. So it was Supposed to look like wood. Yeah. Okay. And the, after the third one, I thought, I can't do this anymore.


This is, This would be a five day project. And then I thought, this is for Amy. She's an angel. She's a true angel on earth. Okay. So she deserves this. So I didn't listen. It was a a five day project. Okay. I didn't listen to the end. Yeah, you didn't. Okay. I did not Find in, so the bottom was a choice. You could see from the lay person at the end. It just said, oh wow. It was written in black. It wasn't black. It was brown. It was brown And Gold. It was gold too. Anyway, I glued all the boxes together. And Did you use a hot glue gun? I had to. Or Elmer's Glue. I tried Elmer's. It didn't work. Okay. I had to use Gorilla and Super. Okay. Okay. Did you get a bunch on your fingers? Yes.


Yeah. Yeah. And then I glued all of that to a piece of cardboard and then I had to exacto knife around it. Oh Wow. For structural integrity. I Bought an exact dough knife. Oh my God. Yeah. All ordered off of the internet. No, some of them are Postmates. Did You go? Oh, Postmates. Okay. But you never went to an arts and craft store? Did I go to bl? No, but I used materials I have purchased from Blick before. Okay. All right. Anyway, it was really fun. And then I had to fill each box up. Yes. So that's, I all, this was leading up, we got derailed by my observation and my apologies. But I'm dying to know what's inside. Yeah. Everyone is, because I've never owned an advent calendar.


I've only seen them on Christmas vacation. Yeah. And there's chocolates inside usually. Normally. Oh. But these are real treats. Are there any, you can say that by the time this air, she'll have opened those three dates. Oh, Okay. Amy, if you are listening. No, because this is hers. It goes all the way through December. Her, her calendar. Yes. So Amy is listening 'cause she's, as I said, an angel. She listens to everything. So please cover your ears. Turn this off. Okay. Right. Fast forward. Well, you Ryan too. 'cause he is not a good secret keeper. Ryan too. Remember he tells Amy. Okay Ryan, I don't want you to know about Cosby. What about Cosby? No, I don't want you to know. That's a real life thing by the way. It Is. Okay. So both of you fast forward a couple minutes.


So yeah, there's like, well she opened one. We let her open one. It was a, A sheep ornament. Oh right. Beautiful ornament. I got her like a little lip. Cute little like lipstick, some measuring spoons. All cut. Ooh. Oh fun. So there's like 25 presents in there. Well, every other one is a real present. Okay. And then there's like a really cute wine. Stocker Me off. Teas is a, A chocolate. Two teas. Oh, fancy teas. Drinking tea. Yeah. She is a tea drawer. So I figured she could put Oh wow. Make her teach her. Cute. That's great. How long do you think it took you to make this present? It took a really long time. Plus then the purchases plus the, yeah, it was an adventure.


My family had commandeered the entire dining room table, put plastic over it. And this was going on for three days. Yeah. And there were two full days where the three of them all sat at this table doing art projects, competing over the oils and the paint. They were all did paintings. There Were a lot of meltdowns and blowups. So God bless. I stayed out of there. Yeah. I went up to the attic with my new lightboard to make my present for Mat. Yes. Which was a collage, I guess you'd call it. It was a collage. It was very, very, very good. Oh, thank you. I He Drew a lot of things that were Matt and Matt's favorite things. Maple Leaf's logo. He's very into muy t kickboxing right now. Yes. So two muy T fighters.


Picture of him holding his baby. Yeah. Like got off of Instagram. And then above his head a sim racing set up, which he loves. And then scissors. 'cause he's a hairstylist. I know. It was very cute. And you framed it. I think the sky's the limit with this Lightboard. It's an enormous cheat. But as we talked about, you and I, there's a lot of fun in assembling and then interpreting what your collage is gonna be. Yeah. And now I have whole new fantasies about being able to use the lightboard to draw like a downtown city scape and then put my weird characters in them. So hybrid. I love that. Do little photorealism and then my weird characters. I like that. I've Got a whole fantasy my life with this lightboard.


Wow. Wow. That's great. What a good hobby. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I Love that. It's pretty fun. Speaking of the lightboard on a previous fact check, I said I couldn't do a crow. That's right. Couldn't do it. But I got this lightboard and now I got a crow. Yes. And so now the, the sweatshirt, holiday sweatshirt is complete. Yes. So they're gonna go on sale Friday, December 6th. That is in two days. Two days at 9:00 AM Pacific. So if you're in New York, that's noon. Dingles lunch break if you're in the mountain areas, I don't know, maybe 11. Maybe if you you're in, Just check your time zones Central. That's 10. I don't know. I'm having stress for everyone's time zones.


I can't keep mountain in central straight. Which one's earlier than the other. But Pacific Time. 9:00 AM And you go to armchair expert pod.com. It's a very cute sweatshirt. I really Like It. Yeah. I think it turned out really, really cute. It Did. Yeah it did. It's really nice. Your mouse is the best part. And everyone's seen the mouse at this. Well not everyone, but a lot of people have seen the mouse at this point because it has appeared. Appeared on my gift guides. I read day one of the gift guide. Oh, you did? Okay. And what are you gonna guess? My favorite joke is in it. There's one home On, did you read Substack or did you read just Instagram? Oh, you read the whole thing. Yeah. The joke about Kristen on the phone. No, I don't remember Blowing day one was a while ago.


Her candle. Oh yeah. I think some people might miss that. Maybe not. Maybe that's really obvious. Was obvious. But she'd only turned one. Yeah. Yeah. You blew out all of her candle. I Did. That was really funny. Thanks. Okay. So Secret Turkey was an incredible success. Other call out again. Delta made a hot air balloon with like a structure and a floating balloon. It was incredible. Made the balloon of baseball used. Loves baseball ballast on the side of the basket. Cute. Like sandbags. Cute. It was so cute. Light fixture inside that I guess replicated the fire going up. I don't know if that was just decorative, Think it was just festive.


Festive. How'd she buy a light thing? She bought it off Amazon. I think she went and watched a tutorial on how to make a hot air balloon. That's so cool. Laura gave me a beautiful photorealistic. I like saying that word. Yeah. Charcoal drawing of little Mr. Texas. That's right. It should probably go in here. It should run her up. Yes. Run her up. Little. Mr. Texas. If you missed that episode with Matthew McConaughey, that was the first time he was on. So I, you know, I have this very, very arms distance relationship with him. We've done a few things together and I'm considering, I think I want to take a picture of that and say, I received this as a gift.


Do you, where do, how do you think that lands on him? That's Good. I think that's a good idea. Yeah. Okay. You never know if stuff's flattering or is bordering on weird and obsessed. Well, Yeah. 'cause I mean, I guess he'll be like for Thanksgiving. I mean, you might have to explain the whole thing. There's A lot to unpack. If you, if I, let's just reverse this. He sends me a picture that a family member or friend drew of me and gave to him. You'd love it. I'd love it. Right? Yeah. As long as it was a flattering picture, You would love it. And I think he would love it. Yeah. We're both kind of similar in that way. What do we call that? Attention whores. I don, what is it?


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Macy's. Macy's is your one stop shop for all things gifting this holiday season. If you have trouble knowing what to give or ask for, Macy's gift guide is here to help. I love a gift guide, Monica. I need them so much. I'm so bad at This. Gift guides are important. I mean, Macy's is classic Trusted brand. Yes. I was on their online store the other day buying something for a family member. I won't say. 'cause I don't wanna give it away. Right. Smart. It was a gift. And you know, it is. It's just like classic and homey and everything's great. Yeah. You can shop a curated list and editor's picks for under $25, under $50, and even lux gift ideas. The Macy's gift guide is also a great way to figure out what you want for the holidays. This is my problem. I can never think of what I want, but they've got gifts for her, gifts for him, gifts for home. Spend a little time looking through their handpicked selection. And you're sure to find something that catches your eye. Let Macy's be your guide to gifting this holiday season. Check out the Macy's gift guide at macy's dot com for all the gifts you'd like to give and get curated for stress free shopping. Shop now at macy's dot com and at a Macy's store near you.


Rob, put a box by my son. Wait, What's going on? I don't know. I don't, You talk about that. Oh my God. You have, there's gifts already. Wait, what? Oh my God. Sweet. Stop. Oh, is that an Emily Burger? Pretzel bond. What? In the wor She made this Oh, my photo. Realistic Celebs on sandwiches. This is so flattering. Can I Get a better looking at It? And it's an Emily burger. Oh my God. Oh my God. How does figure out what your Favorite, how do they find the picture of You told them that right? Emily Burger. Yeah, that was perfect.


I I, I, you know what's interesting? What do you think I'm gonna say about this rendition of you? That my mouth looks big. I don't really ever think you look like your mom. Oh. But in this rendition, you look a bit like your mom. I I could see that. Yes. I actually, I actually think it's pretty good. It's outrageously good. Like Accurate. Somehow a bit of nmy is in it more than normal. Mm. I mean, I look like her. Wow. This is so flattering. Celebs on sandwiches. This is a big moment. I, this, I mean, is, this is a huge mean. I got gifted this a few times to people. It was on my, I think, original gift guide celebs on sandwiches. My, my original Oh gee.


Original guide. Wow. How sweet. Okay. Well, oh wow. That's, that's a really flattering, that's nice. Thank you. Celeb Sandwiches. That's nice. You know what's gonna be weird? Okay, so Kristen had you Yeah, she did. And she did this beautiful painting She did By hand of you. It's incredible. It's gorgeous. And all She's oils, all kinds of positive affirmations written along it. Yeah. It was beautiful. But I am starting to think like you have an inor amount of photos and paintings of yourself now for your house. I think this should live here. Okay. With yours. Yeah. Mine's right behind your head. So maybe yours should be behind my head.


I don't know how that'll work all to say you have quite an a an interesting bank of art now you've accumulated. And I just wonder like on a first date when a guy goes into your house and there's like a ton of paintings of yourself, I Think it's fine. It's fine. Right. It'll be seen as playful. I I have a lot of art. Yeah. So it's not, not it'll get lost in itself. It's not that the only art I have. You have a whole Wall that's just you, Like you did When I was Yeah. 20 years ago. Yeah. Yeah. When you lived alone. Oh boy. I didn't know what to do. Yeah, you had picture, I just up photos from movie stills that they send you. Yeah. It's rough. It's okay.


You I was really, It happened. I know. I didn't know what to do. I know. So I feel like you're family or anything. I feel you're, you're projecting a little bit of your own Oh, probably my own embarrassment from past. Yeah. So this is gonna live here. Wow. I guess we could have unlimited pictures of ourselves here. It's not How Sweet. Yeah. That's really special. And on an Emily Burger. Pretty jealous about the food item. I mean, I can't complain because I've got a Coney dog from Detroit, which is great. Oh. But boy, that's, It's really nice. Mm. Okay. Well yeah, Thanksgiving was a big hit. I'm really thankful to our arm. Cherry. I mean, Thanksgiving is in the past now, but I'm still thankful to our listeners, our beautiful arm cherries.


Me too. Me too. We're so lucky. And this is for Toto. I wanna say there's something we earmarked You wanted to talk about Max for staffing. Oh yeah. Thank you. And I told you to wait, wait until this week Toto. Because Toto, Well I just simply wanna say he's this, he won his fourth title in a row. It's been a really dicey year for him. Red Bull's finishing third or fourth in the Constructors Championship. So their car is not by any stretch the best yet. He still managed to win. That's Crazy. Lot Of it. Because of this impossible rain race he had two races ago in Brazil, which when they make the documentary like Sena about him in 20 years, this race is gonna be a good 15 minutes of it.


Ooh. Started in 17th in the rain. Finished first by 20 seconds. Passed 11 people in the first 11 lamps drive of his life. Wow. Incredible year. Oh, so cool. Yeah. Congratulations to Max. Congratulations to Toto for being. Well Toto won Toto, which Mercedes has been struggling so bad. Vegas, they came in first and second. Nice. So this is good timing. Also. I love Toto. Absolutely loved him. He was such a, he was so much more playful than I anticipated. He's a rascal. That was a review And I enjoyed him so much. Hmm. So now I'm for team. 'cause now that Danny isn't on racing.


Racing, yeah. I don't have anyone to root for. Yeah. So now I root for Mercedes because of Toto. Okay, great. That's Great. So I'm gonna buy a hat. It also makes sense. It's definitely the team you would've wanted to support anyways. Yeah. It's the classiest team on the grid. Yeah. You anyone wanna support an energy drink? No, I don't. Okay. Now some facts. He brought up Nikki Lada. Yes. He, that's A hard word to say. A hard name to pronounce. Lada. Is it spelled it? L-A-U-D-E-D-A. It's spelled correctly. Oh. It's just Like, It seems like you're being pretentious, but you're not Nikki Lauda. Right. Nikki Lauda.


I think that's what you're supposed to say. Nick Lauda. Okay. He is Austrian. Yeah. Lau. That's why it's louder. Nick Lauda. I love Nikki is a mentor. Lauda. Okay. Oh, how about this? I'm gonna ask your name. Okay. Oh boy. How do I do this? Okay, I'm gonna ask your name and you're gonna say Nikki Lauda. Okay. What's your name? Nikki Lauda. What is your name? Nikki. Because louder. Like louder. It's pretty good. One more time. No, we already Did, but maybe it'll be fun a second time.


What's your name? Nikki. Louder. What is your name? It wasn't better the second. It wasn't time. It Was great. My timing was the first time. Yeah. My timing got worse. Oh my God. Okay. Now he competed in Formula One from 1971 to 1979. And from 1982 to 1985, he won three Formula one drivers championship titles. And at the time of his retirement held the record for most podium finishes 54 mm. He remains the only driver to have won a world driver's championship with both Ferrari and McLaren. And won 25 grand pri across 13 seasons. Mm. And was horribly burnt.


Yeah. And a mid-career crash. And ke kept at it. That's amazing. Didn't care. Yeah. He's passed. He passed in 2019. He died in his sleep at 70 where he had been undergoing kidney dialysis. He had experienced a period of ill health exacerbated by his lung injuries from the 1976 accident. He had a double lung transplant the previous year. And kidney transplants in 97. In 2015. His body really went through it. Yeah. Double lung and double kidney. Now we're get ge, we're now we're like, we're 20% through all the organs being replaced. Hmm. Did you just, your hand, Did I what?


Did you just kiss your Hand? Kiss my hand? No, I just went like that. Oh. I thought I always, I neurotically make sure the corners of my mouth. That's a rough one for me. Well You see people with that With a Yeah. A bunch of paste in there. I can't now I You don't, you don't have it and you don't ever have it. Okay. Yeah. But I know, I know what you mean. When It's gross. When someone's talking with a really sticky mouth, that to me, I'd rather smell something bad. And I already said smells are my worst. You'd rather Smell something. I can't deal, if I'm watching like a Ted talk and someone's mouth gets really, really dry and starts doing that, I'm like, fuck, I can't listen to it because even if I look away, I can hear it. I don't have misophonia, but I do. Just In that.


Interesting. I, I understand. Do you understand That? I do. I I do. It's not, well, it's funny to me that you'd rather smell it because I think what's gross is I do think it has a smell. Yeah. It's just so sticky. Yeah. All right. Okay. So he was 70 and, but he lived, he lived a life doing what he loved. Oh. When I thought you were kissing, I thought you were giving him like, Oh, a send off. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Have you been jealous in movies when you watch the cat, what is it? Gentle Lec, is that what it's called? And I do this you Gen Fleck. I do. You touch your forehead and your sternum and then your both sides.


Yes. You do the cross. Yeah. I I like that pageantry. I do too. Yeah. But I feel really, can you knock on wood? 'cause I feel like we shouldn't have just done that a few times. Oh. And that brings me to one thing that we left out that we need to address. Okay. Definitely the best secret Turkey of the night was Eric took 30 pounds of candy and somehow made a painting of Lauren, Matt's baby. Yeah. In candy. Yeah. He made a portrait of Cece out of candy. And it was at both times very good. It was. And it was absolutely terrifying. It was one of the most horrific photo. It looked like the most evil baby in the world.


It looked like Michael Myers. Michael Myers. Yeah. It looked like the baby was wearing a hockey ma a Mask. It did. Because he used white saltwater taffy for the face. Yes. And it was insane looking. And there was hair, But, and there was also a resemblance to her. It was know, it was, it was pretty good. Go back to knock on wood. I was like, that feels like, that feels like a, You thought it was a bad omen? I thought it was a curse. No, it, it Wasn't like akin to a, a voodoo doll. I know, but it wasn't, it was a sweet I portrait made. I No, For the safety. It's a sweet portrait made of candy by Eric. And he put a lot of time into it and, And the eyes are just black. They're So dead. The person has to curse it. Eric didn't curse it.


That's how spirits Work. He doesn't know his powers as well as he should though. He might accidentally curse it. Okay. Okay. Speaking of Detroit versus Austria, homicides, the city, city of Detroit finished 2023 with 252 homicides, which is the fewest recorded since 1966. We like that. That's great. Like that trajectory. Great trajectory. Now there isn't any information about Austria in 2023, but there is 2017. There probably hasn't been immersed since 17. Exactly. There were 54 intentional homicides in Austria. In the whole country. In the whole country in 2017. Although now I'm looking at the word intentional.


Well, we wouldn't count vehicular homicide. But what about if you're shooting and Hunting? If you're hunting in Detroit and you may, Yeah. Not A lot of, I know urban hunting going on, but that would count if you accidentally killed someone. Well, no. 'cause that wouldn't be intentional. Be would be accidental. No, I know, but I'm saying in the Detroit one doesn't say intentional. Oh. So maybe they're including accidentals, Maybe Aisle of man. Really Quick. What's the population of Australia? You mean Austria? I mean Austria, 9.1 3000009.13. That's small. So about 10 times the size of Detroit.


Detroit's under a million people. Really? Yes. 10 X the people and one fifth the Mur murders. Yeah. 630,000 in Detroit. Oh Wow. So we could say that's actually a 50 x. All Right. Okay. Ile of Man is a self-governing British crown dependency in the Irish Sea between England and Ireland. And then yes, it has this big race that it's a big deal. Annual cross country motorcycle race around The island. The race around the island. It's the most terrifying thing. It is in all of motor sports. The absolute pinnacle of craziness. It's the Mount Everest of Motorsports. Well that's it for Toto. He was lovely and I really, really enjoyed him.


Okay. And really quick, this should have been said at the beginning, but now we're here at the end. We are here early on this day because this is one among your most special days of the year. Yes. You and Kelly are going Black Friday sale shopping, but at places without Black Friday sales. Well, which is really incredible. Sometimes they have like 20% offs in certain stores. We go to Brentwood Country Mart. It's very, very, very fun. And I'm re I am so excited to go do that with her. And how many hours will you spend there? Just a few. And then we'll come back and then we're gonna go to Rolling Greens the plant store and get some Christmasy items too. Fun. What? What time will you start drinking at the mart?


Right away when you get there Mama Mom Says no, no, we don't always drink. Oh you don't? No. We'll probably get coffee and then we get lunch. So when we get lunch, sometimes there's wine at lunch, but it's not like, we're not like carrying around flasks Or anything. Oh, you're not. No flask. No. No wine silks. No. But I'm excited for that. And then tomorrow's pig day I get my Christmas tree. Yeah. It is a very busy three days For you. It's my favorite stretch of the year. Yeah. I'm excited. And it's sort of a ding, ding, ding. 'cause it's like F1 oh F1 race is kind of like this stretch of the year final lap.


Oh, okay. Okay. Also on my gift guide that I put out today, I included an F1 coffee table book I saw and it was titled F1 The Impossible Something. No, no, the Actual Day. The Little Prince. The Little Prince. Because I thought this was very playful and fun. My All of them. Each gift guide this year five, there are five of them Are book themed, correct? Yeah. The first one was about her. No, the first one was the Time Traveler's Wife. Yeah, Wife. Oh sure. Yeah. Yeah. Then it was tomorrow and Tomorrow and Tomorrow. My favorite book. Those are more mundane items.


Then it was What's Tomorrow? Tomorrow? Tomorrow. About, Well it's about this, these gamers. But the title to me represents Like, it's just day after day after day. Okay. So mundane items then it was for Little Fires Everywhere. That was a candle theme. Yes. And Today was Little Fires. That's another good book too. Tomorrow, do you wanna hear Lord of the Rings? Oh wow. Glory. Oh, jewel, this is, this might be your peak creative endeavor thus far. I Don dunno. Can I throw a book out as a challenge and then you gotta come up with gifts that Next year. Oh, okay, Great. It was only five days. Well, sure, go ahead. Let's see. Of Mice and Men, It would be armchair themed.


Oh. And it would have our holidays Because of Mice and Men. So it'd have our holiday sweater on it. It would have celebs on sandwiches. Okay. This is great. It would Ember mugs. It would have Ember mugs. The Enoki mugs. Ooh Bud. The sa. I almost put Salty Sea Dog mugs. But they're sold out and it felt un felt a little, Well it's like a waste. No one can get it. I did. So it's not really, I put a candle on that's always sold out too. But I, I had to, you had it Best Boy Statues. What if you were just putting stuff in here for sale on your, on your gift guide to tell us. And one of the gifts for that will also be backs Cashmere sweater in.


That's a long game. It's like 2036. They sign up and they get it in 50 years. So I did it. And You get updates like once a year. You get a photo of how big your sample It is getting smaller. I know you need to add some. Yeah, well we gotta, we got a crop due. Okay. Yeah. Great. Okay. Well holidays are upon us. I'm so happy. Thanksgiving was a blast. And now onward and upward onto Christmas. Yay. Let's go. Pedal to the metal. I love you. Love you.


Follow Armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hello ladies and germs, boys and girls. The Grinch is back again to ruin your Christmas season with tis The Grinch Holiday podcast. After last year, he's learned a thing or two about hosting and he's ready to rant against Christmas cheer and roast his celebrity guests like chestnuts on an open fire. You can listen with the whole family as guest stars like John Ham, Brittany Broski and Danny DeVito. Try to persuade the mean old Grinch that there's a lot to love about the insufferable holiday season. But that's not all. Somebody stole all the children of who v's. Letters to Santa. And everybody thinks the Gregs is responsible. It's a real whoville who done it. Can Cindy, Lou and Max help clear the Grinch's name? Grab your hot cocoa and cozy slippers to find out. Follow tis The Grinch Holiday Podcast on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. Unlock weekly Christmas mystery bonus content and listen to every episode ad free by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app, Spotify or Apple Podcasts.