
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd, and I'm joined by the Duchess of Duluth. Hi There. Great sweater. You got a new sweater with two different colors, blue. Very light on the sleeves. Thank you. Starry Night in the middle. Oh, do you think this is blue? Yeah. What do you think? It's, Oh, no, it's, it's purple for sure. To Be fair. I'll buy that. It looks blue on the TV back here too. Oh no. What do you, what do you seeing?


But I can see a purple now. See? What color is my face to you? Pure white. Wow. Like the driven snow. Our guest today is Tyler Perry, and I just gotta say right outta the gates. This is a very mind blowing experience. I don't know what I thought about Tyler Perry. I mean, as a person, other than I had seen this incredible 60 minute segment on him one time, and I knew he had had a really incredible story that he overcame. So I knew that he was very honest and stuff, but just as a, as a human, he was just a very powerful and special presence. My God. Did we like this so much? Really very, very special. I had an inkling before it would have that extra sparkle on it.


And it did. Yes. Well, listen, Tyler Perry is a filmmaker, a playwright, an actor, Diary of A Mad Black Woman, sister's House of Pain, Madea family reunion, Alex Cross, and his new movie out now, which is doing really great. I've noticed it's always in the top couple there on Netflix, The Six Triple Eight, with one of our favorites, Kerry Washington. This is a very, very special episode. Please enjoy Tyler Perry and Happy New Year. And Happy New Year. And to all a Good Night.


We are supported by the all new Galaxy S 25 Ultra from Samsung. This phone is a true AI companion that evolves with you to do more for you, like handling multiple tasks with just one ask. For example, you can tell it to find a restaurant nearby and text it to my friends, or look up my favorite basketball team schedule and add it to my calendar. And it does it just like that. You just speak the request naturally. And the new Galaxy S 25 Ultra takes care of the rest. Okay, this is what AI was meant for. That is Seamless Plus. Now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings that keep you a step ahead. It'll show you your appointments, the weather, your energy score, and more, all in one place. Ready to let AI do more for you so you can do you then get your Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe Unwind and Refresh at Tropical Smoothie Cafe with freshly made smoothies and tropical bowls that instantly transport you to tropic time. One bite or one sip, and you'll instantly feel like your cabana side made with refreshing fruit and tropical flavors. Eating your fruit and veggies has never been this fun. We Could make our own arm cherry tropic time smoothie, and it could have cherries in it. Ooh. Oh, it could taste like our favorite ice cream with cherries in it. Oh, yes. Yeah. So we would, we would add cherries, maybe almond. Let's add some spinach in there for A little spring in your step. Yes. Add more good vibes to your smoothie with fresh add-ins like almond, spinach, ka chia seeds and ginger, or even supplements like protein and energizer at Tropical Smoothie Cafe. It's always tropic time because you deserve a little vacay every day. Order ahead, take the scenic route and earn rewards with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe app. Download it today. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


He's, would you like a coffee or a diet Coke? No, The, that coffee is for you. Oh, that's a cream top. A cream. It's a very famous coffee Cream top. No, I'm not a coffee person. You're Not a coffee Person. Good for you. I don't like some of the things I'm learning about you right away. Tell Me you're early. Yeah. And you don't like coffee. I love your chair though, man. This is my size chair. Yeah. Yeah. That's a biggie.


You really should consider ordering one of these online because I didn't realize I was ordering like a big and tall version because I'm a big guy. And you could get to In here, get your kids beside you. Yeah. Yeah. My feet barely touch the ground. If they do, where'd The come from? Online? lazboy.com. Lazboy.com. A lazy Boy. You gotta get someone on there. Lazy boy. Yeah. Do you own any lazboy? I don't. You don't? Because your style aesthetic won't permit you to or you're afraid of comfort. Got a little bit of both. Little bit of both. A little bit of both. Don't wanna be too comfortable, Can't get too comfortable. Do you like miniature things when you were a kid? This is a weird first question, but I can elaborate. Yeah, please. Like you would go to, where would I see miniature stuff?


A dollhouse store. No, I would never be in there. I like the idea of feeling like a giant. Okay. I would imagine you don't wanna be a giant 'cause you're already tall. It's surprising you still have it 'cause you're tall. Well, not to jump directly into trauma, but I feel like both of us probably desired to be 80 feet tall as kids. For me it was the opposite. I wanted to be smaller. I would always slouch and didn't want to be seen. You wanna be invisible. Yeah. But the notion of being like the Hulk and you can defend yourself and no one can hurt you. That didn't enter the fray. No, because the strong men for me in my life weren't good men. So I wanted to be the opposite. And being tall and being big, I was always at the end of the line and always don't hit him back.


Listen, my cousin who was smaller than me, and he would bully me and his mother, would my officer say, you can't hit him back. You're too big to hit him back. Just don't hit him back. Just, just, you're too big. You Just gotta take It. Yeah. Just gotta take it. And then one day I lost it and hung him on the clothes line in the backyard. Oh, oh mine. Yeah. And ran home and told my mother, I was like, I couldn't take it anymore. She said, what'd you do? So she goes and get the kid down and she's laughing all the way. But yeah, I want it to be smaller. They Were kind of right to tell you to not hit back. 'cause look what happened when you did. Yeah, exactly. Right. But that's my thing. I am the most gentle guy in the world until I'm pushed way too far. Then yeah. That's a whole nother side. Pushed to your limit. Yeah. It takes a lot to get me there. So I was enormous for my size as a kid.


And in all the class photos, it looks like I flunked a few grades. Because You're so big. Yeah. It looks like he's in the wrong class. Did you stand out like that? Oh for sure. I was the tallest and the biggest and the smartest and it was a lot. And this is in New Orleans? Yeah. New Orleans. Yeah. So what were the virtues that were prized at that time? Obviously not those things. No. Growing up, my mother was a woman who completely gave a lot. So it was all about giving and helping each other all the time. And because we didn't have much, but we had more than others in the neighborhood. We were always the place to come If you were in need. And my mother was really, really great at that. I would wake up in the morning sometimes on Saturday morning, step out of the bed and I would step on somebody on the floor like, who is this person?


And my mom would be like, they needed a place to stay. Be quiet. Don't embarrass them. Oh really? There was a lot of that for sure. And when she finding these people at church or all Over? We lived in New Orleans, which was the big city and most of her family and the man that raised me, his family were from the small country towns outside. And when the two of them got married and moved to New Orleans, it was family members that took them in. So it was always, your door had to be open for somebody else. Right. And siblings, A brother and two sisters. Older Or younger. Younger brother by 10 years and two sisters by five and six years. So did you feel included at all? Or do you have little brother complex? My brother's 10 years younger than me, so we never were close. But with the sisters? With the sisters, no. There was always something that was off for me in the family.


Like I didn't feel like I belonged. So it was never able to be extremely close to any of them is really, really strange. Yeah. I gotta tell you, I saw the 60 minutes profile you did however many years ago. It had to be over 10 years ago probably. And it was insanely moving. I Appreciate that. Thank you. Particularly when you're visiting that house and I think we come upon the crawl space. Yeah. It's not planned clearly. And you're just having a moment where you go like, oh yeah, I hid and I spent so much time in this crawlspace. Yeah. That was heartbreaking. Chantel, you told me this was light and happy. Where we going? Okay. Alright. Alright, Dax. Okay, Monica. Okay. Alright. I'm with you. Well, you Told him light and happy.


They said it was light and happy, but they No, no, no. Let's, let's, I'm light and happy while talking about my Trunk. We're gonna need the weed. Yeah. To walk down the side of the house and see that crawlspace little cubby house where I would hide from the abuse. And it was painted robin egg blue. I remember the blue paint that I found somewhere in a rusted can and painted. It was such a beautiful light blue. I now realize that what that blue was for is that people would paint their ceilings or their porches blue so that wasp and other things wouldn't build nest. 'cause they thought it was the sky. Oh really? Oh really? Yes. Southern thing. Oh wow. Now realizing that robin egg blue was to represent the sky. It was a pretty painful and rough time.


It was hard. That's A real metaphor. Also. Like keep the wasps away. Yeah. Or keep looking to the sky. Keep looking up all around you. Alright, well look, We can keep it light and fresh. No, no, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You and I wanna go where you wanna go? Let's, let's go. Let's Go. Well, 'cause I think you and I are among very few men that will say out loud, I got molested. Yeah. I think that's important. I'm sick of talking about it, but I think it's important. Let me tell you why I think it's important. The far reaching effects. I don't know about what happened with you, but for me, having my abuser be a female, I just found out at 54 was rape. To be able to associate that with rape was weird 'cause it was a female. Right. And also the man at church.


So the far reaching effects of the trauma of sexual abuse and the sexual confusion Yeah. That children walked through and tried to figure that out that I had to walk through was really, really profound. I worked so hard at trying to understand it. That was the most difficult part of my life. Just trying to understand what had happened, why Had it happened, or why the people that perpetrated it could have done that. Why it happened to me and why I couldn't shake what they did. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And as children, we'd have this ability to hold on to the pain of what it was and make it about our fault. Well, what was it in me that made that man do that or that woman do that?


And growing up and coming into adulthood and trying to excise that to get it out to understand it was really, really challenging. I Had a very bizarre breakthrough with it that thus far as I share this, I've not heard a lot of people relate to. But the confusion from my perspective is like, yeah, I was man on man. So this opens up this hole. Especially where I grew up in Detroit. I guess now I'm gay. So there was like this bad thing happened to me. And then I think this makes me gay, which is its own crisis at that time. And so then the notion I would ever tell anyone wasn't on the table. 'cause that would've been telling everyone I was gay again in the eighties in Detroit, where that's not gonna work. That's it. It is. Then hearing, once I did say it, oh, it's not your fault.


You know, you were a kid. And that just didn't really alleviate any of the, and so for me, the work was, I had to first acknowledge and own my part. This is what people don't like. But for me to get over it, it was my spidey senses were going off. I was in a place I knew I shouldn't be and I didn't leave. And I have that pit in my stomach. I can remember how that feels. And I didn't listen to my instincts. I first had to go. Yeah, that part happened. And I actually gotta forgive myself for that. And once I was like, that all happened, you knew better. You should have gotten out. You felt those feelings. It's not like it came out of complete blue for me. And that's okay. 'cause you were like eight years old and eight year olds choose poorly.


And I did. For me, it was allowing myself to forgive the 8-year-old who didn't listen to his spidey senses. It's powerful, but it's unfair. Lemme tell you why. That's what people say. I didn't really fully understand it until I had a child. And I could see my son at the age of the traumas that I was experiencing and go and look how innocent and beautiful and pure. Yeah. Yeah. And this innocent and beautiful pure child does not have the ability to make those kinds of decisions. Exactly. So for me, it wasn't feeling the sense of, oh, what's happening? What's happening? Is this wrong? That's wrong. It was somebody sees me and appreciates me and it's telling me I'm special. Someone was kind and their agenda was about grooming rather than it being about kindness.


And I tell anyone, any man, any woman who's been sexually abused as a child, If you don't have a child, If you don't have relatives, If you see a kid on the playground, watch, not creepily, but watch the innocence of that child and then try and judge yourself through the innocence of that child. That's unfair. It is. And that's what I came to. But I first had to grapple with this guilt feeling I had. Yeah. Just to hear that it wasn't my fault was not sufficient to make it go away. I needed to kind of confront what was the darkness. The darkness was I felt like I should have known better and done something differently. And I just needed to explore that. That's the man judging the child. 'cause the man or the teenager or the young man would clearly be like, what are you doing?


This is crazy. Why are you here? But If you take away the innocence and the lens of the way the child saw it, then you are robbing yourself of it. Here's the most freeing part of it for me that I found at 54 in therapy for the first time in my life. There's something called an arousal template that I had no idea about that from the age of three to seven. I could be wrong on the ages, but the therapist will tell you this. Three to seven, you're arousal template is set as a kid, even though you're not sexual. So if someone comes along and interjects something into your arousal template, be it culturally, be it rape, molestation, Violence, Violence, all of those things being put into your young child brain becomes a part of your arousal template.


Especially for men. And for me, being a little boy, the thing gave me the most shame was when the molester would say you liked it. Look, you're erect. Yeah. Yeah. That's the struggle. How can I be a heterosexual boy, know I like girls and have the same sex thought and desire. That was hard to understand. But understanding that the arousal template in your brain sets that And has been hijacked. And also, this is the thing that blew my mind. Once it's set, it can't be taken away. And for me, wrapping my mind and soul around all of that was very freeing. Yeah. How Did you handle it before you went to therapy? Like what were you telling yourself? A lot of people would say, oh my God, you're so profound. Look how hard you work. Look how much you've done.


A lot of the success that I've experienced in life was because I wasn't dealing. I was just working. I would work my way through it. And relationships wouldn't really work out. 'cause I would just work and work and work and work. And no matter how much work that I did, when the work would stop, I'd be faced with, these things happen to you. What do you feel about it? Who are you? What are you? And I just got to a place in my life where it's like, I'm not gonna live this way anymore. And at 55, I'm the freest and clearest version of myself that I've ever been. Oh, that's wonderful. All of it's a sword. Right. So I would argue that part of your arousal template being set in the way it was, does predispose you to be able to handle what comes your way and results in the success. So my thing is I thrive when shit's hitting the fan and spend a lot of my life seeking those out.


We set this thing at a 50 instead of a 10. Yeah. So it's like I'm asleep unless I really gotta be aware of how to get out of this situation. I'm sorry, man. Yeah, same for you. What I didn't know, because recently of doing all these tests, when I went to this session, they were like, okay, let's test for you for autism because there are certain things that you are doing that are on the spectrum. So we went through all of these tests and what we found is that a child like me having to live in that kind of chaos and trauma constantly, I became hypervigilant in everything. I trained my brain to see, to watch, to protect myself in every way, which is where I work today.


Yeah. So for you to say that you were in a moment of chaos is where you've thrived. It's what happened to the little boy and what he needed to be Okay. Or to feel like he was loved. And I've run into people like that and it's one of the saddest things that I've seen. Because the more I try and say, Hey, this is what peace feels like. There's all of this resistance to it because it's scary. Yeah. I was set on this trajectory. There's some parts of me I'm gonna have to accept. I'm not gonna erase the hard drive from the arousal format, Which is very important to understand because you can make yourself insane trying to figure out what has happened, why is affecting me in this way. I've had very few sexual fighters at 55, and people go, oh my God, you're this huge guy.


Really success. Sure. You're all over the world. No, not me. I do believe that all things work together for your good. Even though if they're awful and horrible, I'd have to believe that. Which put me in a wonderful position in running the studio. Because when you have people coming to you with their dreams in their hands and they need a job or wanna be on a show, if I had been another person, then maybe I would've been doing things that were horrible. But because of what I went through and because of how much I understand the pain of that, I will never inflict that on anybody. So it put me in this great position to help as many people as I could safely hit this next level in their lives. Right? Yes. So all of that is incredibly important to me. What's Interesting is I think you and I went almost in opposite directions based on similar things, which is kind of fascinating.


Yeah. And And that happens. I had a friend who had been sexually abused and he had hundreds of partners. Yeah. Well, at the same time, he was abandoned by his mother. So you could give him 10,000 females and it wouldn't fulfill what he was looking for. Yeah. Yeah. And he and I finally sat down, have some real deep conversations about what's going on. I even hired a private detective to try to find the mother that abandoned him. Oh. So that he could talk to her. I was thinking that hopefully that will help him. Yeah. Closure. Yeah. There are people who go to these incredible extremes. You can go that way where everything is sex, and then you go the other way. Where for me, I didn't want to be thought of as sexy. Being tall was a problem because when people would see me, they'd think, oh, this tall black guy, a stereotype or whatever that is.


Well, you embody masculinity in our simplest definition or stereotype. Yes. So carrying all of that and trying to walk through and work all of that out was a journey. For sure. When you would have sexual partners, did you feel like, sorry, this is so personal, but what did you feel after the fact? Were you like, I didn't like that. I don't like sex anymore. Or I'm ruined, or I'm fraudulent. What were the feelings? There was one woman who I was completely in love with. I was in my early thirties at the time because I wasn't very experienced. I felt less than. Yes. Inadequate. Yeah. Inadequate. And that was something that made me shy further away and back into myself of going, okay, I don't wanna be judged based on my lack of experience because of what I've been through.


Yeah. It's a weird cycle. Yeah. So at 54 this past summer, I've been thinking about it for a while. It's like, okay, Tyler, you've worked this hard. You've got this beautiful kid. You've had this amazing life. What happens when you're not working? Why aren't you happy when you're not working? 'cause the work became the drug and the adrenaline. So to take that moment and stop the work and say, okay, let's go and look inside and see what's happening and see the full effect. This program I did was so fantastic. Before you go in, there are thousands of questions that you answer. So they have a clinical profile of who you are mentally walking in the door. For me to walk in and be confirmed in who I thought I was, was so freeing to have all of these therapists.


I think it was nine that I saw in total. 'cause it's a very intensive thing for seven days, 10 hours a day. And then you sit in the room and all the therapists talk about you and you listen. Oh wow. Oh wow. And to hear them talking and affirming the good person that I know that I am, and the issues and the way to work through them was very freeing for me. This one woman I love, she would say to me every day I walk in. 'cause when you go through these profiles, it's like, do you drink? I's like, I have drink on occasion, beer, I've done any drugs. I'm like, no. I tried this pot when I was 40. Didn't really like it. I have a gummy every now and then, but if I get too weird, I don't like feeling outta control. But they were fascinated because I'm not an addict. That's shocking to me. It is. You were like an 80% chance of being an addict.


And that's Exactly what they were saying to me. And there were these group sessions. I'm going, I'm not gonna be in these group sessions, man. I'm tired of Perry. I don't know about this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And she said to me, there have been people who've come here who were famous, who did not do the sessions and came back to do the group sessions. So I was in the group with these wonderful people who had shit that they were dealing with to sit in and hear their stories. Then made me find the commonality. There was a through line for all of us. And I think that for all of humanity, man, as much as I'm excited to be here talking to you, my hope is that by sharing this, somebody hears something that goes, maybe that's what I'm dealing with. A thousand percent Tyler. 'cause owning a studio is not very relatable. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But the other stuff is you read, the Body keeps the score.


Any of these books, it's like 30%. I mean, it's huge numbers of us who have gone through this stuff. And you would think you're the only one. At least when we grew Up and we grew up in a time where you could not talk about it. No. Because If you said anything, you're gay. And being gay at that time was a horrible taboo thing. I'm so glad we're at a place now where people can just be themselves. Yes. There was a kid recently, I don't know a lot of younger singers and performers, but he was singing on stage and I saw him talking about his sexuality, trying to figure it out. And my heart went out to him because he's so young. And what I wanted to scream was look into the arousal template, figure out what happened, walk it through so that you're clear in a sense of this is what happened. And also there's so much shame.


You have to chase the shame down of what that feels like. And that's the thing that freed me, just to look at it like I am ashamed of the why and also understanding that was not my fault. I did not deserve that. They gave that to me and it wasn't mine to carry. Here's the thing that I've been trying to work through the most, as long as I have been dealing with what they both gave me to carry, it has denied me the ability to love freely, openly, and be in a relationship that is healthy and whole for a very long period of time. Yeah. Yeah. I have another friend on a guy's trip in Jackson. We're sitting around talking and, and he's talking about how when he was six, his older brothers were making him have sex with these women.


And he's laughing and he's joking about it. He's laughing at everybody around the table, they're all making jokes. And I'm quiet and I'm just, guys, I'm sorry. I gotta challenge you on this. He's like, no, no, no, no. So when we got to a moment where we could talk in private, he broke. Mm. Yeah. Because I had him look at his child. I was like, right, is that okay for your 6-year-old? And then it's like, whoa. Because you realize you've been judging the child that you are through the lens of your adult life. It's so misleading. For sure. Can I ask really quick, how do you feel about men in general? I'm kind of relieved to hear you. Were on a dude's trip in Jackson. I'm not expecting you to be excited to become friends with men.


Really? Why? Well, given the dad, and that seems very scary and that perhaps men in general. No, No. I've got great guy friends, great female friends. For me, Most of that carnage was driven by dudes. My Mother was the balance for everything for me. And she wouldn't let me see things one way. She worked at a Jewish community center for most of my childhood. She would educate me about what Jewish people went through. My mother just would not let me see things one way. So I wouldn't lean toward one group or one sex of a group. I always base people on, are you a good person? And I have a really good sense of people, which came from that childhood of being hypervigilant. When I walk in, I'm like, Hmm. Yeah. Are you skeptical when you walk in?


Are you like, I'm not skeptical. I'm immediate on what I feel. I don't talk myself outta what I feel. Yeah. So I think that's the gift that I've come to realize I'm grateful for, which is someone sits down in here and I know within 30 seconds if they've had our childhood. Exactly right. I see how they look at the doors in the room. I see how they look over at Rob and I just go, oh, de de de de de. We're on the same team here. Yeah. And also the understanding of what we had to survive and how our brains taught us. It's like a deer drinking water. They're always looking up. They can't just drink the water and relax. I drove into my property the other day and there was one laying down. I had never seen a deer lay down. And the deer was laying there and looked at me as I just rode by my bike and never got up.


And I thought, what a great place to get to in life where you can just lay down in a green pasture and just be okay And not be fearful. Do you have a hard time sleeping? No, I sleep well. And you always have. Or is that post trip to this great place? I don't know if I always have, but what I know I do is work myself to exhaustion. So the sleep is good, but I also do know how to stop and check in, see if I'm okay. Go away, get quiet. I like to be alone. I'm a loner by nature. I could spend days and weeks and months in the mountains by myself. You have to police yourself. I imagine. With isolation. Of course. Especially having a 10-year-old now, it's like, Hey, hey dad. Hello.


Soccer practice over here. A real life's happening over here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So he's 10. Yeah, I have 10 and 11. It's so fucking fun. Yeah. He's so good. Okay. So at a certain point, again, it'd be shocking to people, I think, to learn that someone as smart as you. You didn't graduate high school. I got Put out of high school and had to go to PM high school to get my diploma. It was a high school that was at night after school for adults and people who got kicked outta school. Right. Dudes who were smoking cigarettes in the parking lot. Yeah. Who wanted to go to school. And then in your early twenties, you're watching Oprah. Yeah. Picture that, right? Yeah. You're watching Oprah. You learn about journaling as a way to process your thoughts and you really decide to take that up.


Yeah. I was looking through some things recently and I ran across one of my old journals From that era, Early two thousands. And I opened it up and I started reading and I just sat there. I was reading for hours. I called her prep. I was like, listen, go pull out your journals and read some of the stuff you were going through 20, 30 years ago. It was so spiritual, I was in tears. It's like you had written your own Bible of the things that you had come through. And to go back and look at them and see how far you've come was so beautiful to me. So I would tell anybody journal. Right. And then go back years later and see, When you were reading the one from 20 years ago, what were you wrestling with that you now realize your past? Does it also give you a sense of humor about all the stuff you obsess about?


Yeah. I was just like, oh, hope the show works. I don't know how I'm gonna pay this light bill's $3,000. I go back and look at those things and going, look at where you were. I'd come through being homeless. So I was writing it from the point of view of where I was and not where I was going. Understanding where you're going is so much more important. I've learned to build for where I'm going rather than where I am. And looking back on all of that stuff and breeding all of those moments and those memories. It really was powerful for me. Stay tuned for more Armchair expert. If you dare.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is applying as quick and easy. Apply in the wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting. Monica. I love our job more than Anything. Me too. We got so lucky. We did. I just show up. So excited to do the thing we get to do and I couldn't be more grateful. Now, if you're doing what you love to do, there's nothing better than being surrounded by people who love it as much as you. And If you own your own business, you wanna hire employees who love what they do to boost the overall success of your business. Plus make it a pretty great place to work. But how do you find passionate employees who are a good fit for all your roles? Zip Recruiter. And right now, you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. ZipRecruiter's Powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. Hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/dax. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/da x. ZipRecruiter. The smartest way to hire


we're supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check that you brought your towel first before diving into a swimming pool. Or like you know, to check that you have the tickets in your wallet first before you drive two hours to the big game. And they won't let you in. Like you know to check your trunk for reusable shopping bags first before you get to the grocery store checkout line and need to buy paper bags again. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. Allstate Fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Okay. So you started at what age do you Think? 18 or 19? I was watching the show and I started journaling. And I didn't use my name because at that time we wouldn't talk about the things that you and I just talked about. Right, right. I would use these different characters and a friend of mine found them and goes, man, this is a really good play. And I thought, hmm, maybe it is a play. What I write about is this character went through this. I was talking about adult survivors of child abuse and rape and molestation. So I moved to Atlanta Prior to that. Did you ever fancy being a writer? I didn't. What was Your rationale of your Clearly very bright. It's not working in school. It's not working at home. What were you thinking you were destined to do? Were you so confused? I definitely wanted to be an architect. The man that raised me was a builder and I wanted to build houses.


But when I wrote this, I always loved entertainment, but I never thought you can audition and yeah, You're trying to be invisible. Not center stage. Yeah. Yeah. So having my friend encourage me in doing that first play and seeing people, the 1200 that I thought would show up and only 30 did. Yeah. Yeah. Having the 30 people's reaction to the show speak to me and my soul. I was like, whoa. So that sparked something for me. And You went in this incredible journey. So you moved to Atlanta in 1990? Yeah, Early nineties. And I think we gotta do one second on it. Seems obvious to me, but why Atlanta from New Orleans? Hurricane Katrina literally blew the roof off the poverty that was in New Orleans. Mardi Gras is amazing and the tourists are on Bourbon Street and St. Charles Avenue and it's beautiful and it's amazing.


But two blocks behind those mansions is where we were in the ghetto with drive-by shootings and police brutality and murders. And it was just insane. So some friends of mine invited me to Freaknik, which is the black Spring break. Black kids went to Atlanta, white kids went to the beach for spring break. I don't know what that's about. But I got there. And while everybody's partying and dancing and drinking, and I'm realizing that I see black people doing well, I'm from Detroit. So I would go down to Atlanta and I'd be like, this is a completely different version than I've ever seen. There's black folks in Escalades and they have nice houses. They're at the nice restaurant. This was unimaginable in Detroit in the nineties. Yeah. And I think I'm probably six years older than you.


Five. Yeah. So you get it. And being a black person and then never seeing a black person be successful, unless it was a pimp or a preacher to come to Atlanta and see their doctors, their lawyers, they're in suits. A full middle class. I'm home. So I loaded up my Hyundai and moved right to Atlanta. You put up a play and as you say, only 35 folks. Yeah. 30. Okay. Don't gimme the other five. I'm gonna give you five $12 A ticket out. Would We were in and outta the bathroom. You didn't count. I would count that. Yeah, that's right. That's Right. You undertake from that moment something that is, I think, very rare in our business, which is you then take the next six years, I guess, to refine, to rewrite, to rework, to restage.


No. Okay. Well, no wonder it was impossible. The boy, I see you doing your research. That's good. That's good. But no, it was the same show. And every year I would try to do it. It would fail. But there was somebody in the audience out at every show, this is what I call a ram in the bush, who wanted to invest in it every time. The most I saw was probably 1400 people in New Orleans in the theater that sat 3000. But out of that, somebody said, well, let's keep this going. Because during this time, there were a lot of plays, these black shows that were traveling country and making lots of money for black people. It was on something that's affectionately called the Chitlin circuit. The Rena's Weird Urban. There's a rename. Yeah. They rebranded it. Well, Kinda like Aunt Mama. You have to rebrand it, but I'm just gonna call the shit what it is.


Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The Chitlin circuit is when black performers could not perform in white establishments. They would travel all over the south into all of these different places and become famous among their own people. So here I am doing this play in the early nineties and hitting some of these spots where black people were allowed to go everywhere. But the spirit of the Chitlin circuit was still there where black people supported each other. And for my play to not work all of those years. Then in 1998, take off one night. So the Play itself didn't change all that much. It didn't change. You know what changed? The play was about adult survivors of child abuse, who had forgiven their abuser. 'cause it was a happy ending. They all forgave the abuser, the woman who did all this stuff to him. And I hadn't forgiven my father.


So it was hypocritical that I'm in this seat and I'm talking about forgiveness. And it hadn't happened for me. So in 98, he and I got into a really heated argument, the man who raised me, and I forgave him. And that is when the show changed. Oh wow. Wow. It was spiritual for me. I went from nobody being in the audience to having eight sold out shows after I forgave him. And the forgiveness was such a scary thing for me. 'cause I didn't realize how powerful it was for me. It was my anchor. You're with me. What are you thinking? You got something on your mind to say, well, I'm dead with you. A I'm thinking resentment is drinking poison, hoping the other person dies. My own father, my resentments. I'm thinking of you being Christian, how it's probably compounded that you weren't able to achieve forgiveness in the context you were in.


Yeah. But also anger is helpful. If you take away anger, you have to make room for compassion. And that is very hard to do. It's much more gray. The ripping away of my anger toward him was like a car that kind of runs on gasoline. Then all of a sudden you fill it with diesel and say, go be motivated. 'cause everything I was doing, every time I was trying to work, it was like, I'm gonna make some money. I'm gonna take care of my mother. I'm gonna prove to you that I am something. 'cause you said I wasn't shit. Once that was gone and I forgave him, it didn't matter anymore. I had no motivation to keep going. Even though the purest sense of where I started was about making enough money to take care of my mother so she didn't have to be with them. So forgiving him, ripped that from me.


I had to figure out, okay, how do you operate? Now I also found this out in therapy. I shifted from the anger to caregiving. And I did not know that my caregiving was a problem. Is the caregiving still an attempt to be safe? The Caregiving is an attempt to save everybody else. But I hear what you're saying. Yeah. I'm trying to find this crossover. 'cause I don't trust people. What's someone gonna do? And then I have tactics. So if you're a woman and you're in love with me, I feel safe. 'cause you're probably not gonna hurt me. If you love me, if you're a man and I think I can dominate you, you're gonna know not to try to hurt me. If I can make everyone in this room laugh, I'm totally safe. 'cause people aren't swinging when they're laughing. So I have these techniques and I guess I would've just imagined that if you're the caretaker and you're benevolent, you would expect the reciprocity would be kindness.


That's exactly right. I would expect that if I'm kind to you, you'll be kind to me, or you'd be kind to somebody else. However, it Doesn't work that way. However, yes, I let all that go. Years ago I gave up expectations, which was a problem. You're not an aa, but you'd be great in aa. Is that right? Is that right? Yeah. Expectations are resentments under construction. That's the same. Wow. I gave up expectations because I thought if I'm good to this person, if I'm kind to this person, I'm doing this and did they give me their ass to kiss or just become horrible, then I'm gonna feel bad. Because they did that rather than going, I'm just gonna be good to you. Whether you do whatever you want to do or not, you do what works for you. I'm just gonna be good to you. Right. For me, For me, because my entire life was based on the anger, and now I've shifted, so I've gotta do this for me.


But where it became a problem, and I could not wrap my brain around this, when I first started talking to these folks, they were saying, Tyler, caregiving is a problem. I'm like, how is that a problem? It's such a good thing. Yeah. It's a problem If you are using it to cover what you're dealing with. So I was caring for everybody else, so I wasn't dealing with what I was dealing with or going through. You weren't caring for yourself. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of like the classic codependent paradigm too. Right. And I imagine you probably collected folks that needed a lot of help. Not intentionally. I Absolutely didn't think it was intentional. But as I look at my life now, it's A suspicious amount. This Is beyond suspicious. I have a tremendous amount of people who need a lot of help. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. I mean, you've come up multiple times on this show from people you've helped. We had Prince Harry on you opened your doors to him. You are someone who extends yourself. And you said your mom did it too. So I assume there's also a deep knowing. 'cause she did that as well. Yeah. But you're known to be very generous. That's incredibly kind. Thank you, Monica. I appreciate that. It's true. It's good when people will acknowledge it and say it. That's really great. Thank you. It's Frustrating and confusing when it actually leads to their resentment. And understandably, once you unplug from the whole system, yeah. They feel shittier and they weirdly resent you. 'cause you're helping and you're sort of a reminder that they need help. And that's a very tricky dynamic to navigate. I Said, limits on how far I'm gonna go.


I'm gonna help you to this point, and you gotta get up and be on your own. 'cause I'm not going to let you be dependent on me for everything. And then they get angry because of where you stop. Right. I've seen that. Of course. Yeah. But listen, it's okay. It's not okay, but it's life. You keep moving. You deal with their anger, whatever way it comes. But I always know my intention. My intention is pure. Yeah. Monica, cut this out. 'cause I say it too often, but my mother said the best thing to me ever. Why Do you wanna cut it out? Because I say it too much. It sounds redundant, but we can leave it If you want. Yeah. Because If you say it a lot, then somebody may hear it for the first time. Okay, well You can be the judge of it. It's like, call my mom. I'm complaining about someone else asking me for money and she's very generous and lets me go on and on.


Comforts me. And then she says, you know Dax, in life you can either be the person calling for help or you can be the person that gets called for help. Who do you wanna be? And I was like, oh, definitely the person that gets called for help. I know, But that's come to bite you a little bit. Oh, so because you don't like calling anyone for help and everyone needs to call someone for help every now And then. That's That's true. That's true. That's true. But just given those options, it was very helpful for me to reframe my frustration with it. Which is like, well, I could be in the other side of this equation. There's another option there because I found this out. 'cause I was helping so many people and they just kept coming back, kept coming back. Oh, I need this, I need that. I was praying about it and I clearly hear this voice, which I believe inside of me to be the voice of God.


It's like, stop. You are blocking a midnight. And I thought about that. I went back and looked at what midnight represented in the Bible. Sometimes God designs midnights for people to go through. And If you run and rescue them all the time, you're not making them better. You rob them of the thing that would make them better, That might change them Or be that thing that gets them up and gets them on their feet and gets them going. The Catalyst. Yeah. Okay. So you forgive your father. That's fascinating. People should know not to make you go through it again, but you were born a junior and at 16 you change your name. So just to accentuate the stakes that were on this relationship, but it was very strained From childhood. I knew this man was not my father and It turned out to not be your father. Which is crazy. Yeah.


Oh wow. You just knew It. Did you talk to Carrie about this? Yeah. Carrie Washington. She Had a son. She was on about her book and that estrangement from the family and not being able to put your finger on it in that fucking huge looming, what is going on? Yeah. But I was a kid asking my mother all of my life, remember asking, is he my father? Her answer would always be the same. I hate to tell you this baby, but he's your father. I asked her on her deathbed, is he my father? Same answer. I hate to tell you this, but he's your father. It's 15 years ago this week that I'm dealing with this. So I'm a little emotional as I'm thinking about it. Yeah. When she died, it didn't sit well with me. So I did a DNA test with my brother and IDNA test come back. We don't have the same father. So I'm like, okay, well One of us isn't dad's.


Yeah. But I knew he was his. He is his spitting image. Everything. His attitude, his voice. So then I do another test with the man himself, and I'm not his child. And if I could wake my mother up for five minutes, I'd be like, Hey, can you just tell me? Because what I want her to know is that I wouldn't judge her. She was 24 years old. This man was beating the shit out of her. She was in misery. And if there was a man that loved her, hooray for her. That makes me smile and happy to know that somebody loved her because of the way he was treating her. Yeah. Any Moment of comfort you would want for her. Yeah. But on the other hand, my mother was deathly afraid to be in the house by herself. There's a story of her being home alone with my two sisters.


I wasn't born yet and she was screaming and banging on the wall. It was to double a house for the neighbors to come over and help 'cause somebody was trying to break in the house. That's all I know about the story. I don't feel that I'm the product of a rape, but because I have all of these looming questions that are out there, I wish she had just told me if she knew She might've believed this, whether she knew or didn't know, you can start believing a story. I think we talked about that with Carrie in some ways. I think everyone just Believed it. That's right. My mother was a extremely kind giving and loving woman, but she's also very, very private. So I want to give her the dignity of what she believed, but I knew it from childhood.


Isn't that weird? Yeah. Yeah. And it wasn't 'cause of physical resemblance. No. It Was just, I could not understand how this man could look at me with such hate. So you believe he knew as well? Yeah. And then there were clues. I think I was probably in my late teens, early twenties, they were sitting out on the porch and he said to her, oh, that's where that boy gets those eyes from. My eyes are kind of webbed in between. And she tells me, she's like, he said, you have my eyes and I thought you've been married to this man for 30 years. And he didn't know what your eyes looked like. Yeah. So those kind of moments that made me go, Hmm. So you're wondering where my eyes came from. And you finally see her in the So it was a different time back then. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. So you find some forgiveness for him.


Yeah. Are you cool now? Oh, you cold? Yeah. Have you cooled off? Yeah, I have. Alright, turn that off. Okay, great. We did turn it off. We didn't have to Turn it off. What a kind way sec. I know You cool. Are you cool now? Yeah. It could meant so many things and Cool. No, no, no. I'm sorry. Because it blows right here. Yeah. We just had Morgan Freeman on. He did not want it. He did not like the air. I just, yeah. But then conversely, we had Jeff ridges on. He hated how hot it was. True. So it's like, I don't know. What are you gonna fucking pick? You can't trust anyone in that seat. That's right. That's Right. So lo and behold, these plays become hugely successful. The amount of them you were doing is staggering. You're doing 300 a year Sometime 360, 3 70 a year, and Not in one theater. So you're traveling, It's all over the country. Eight and nine shows a week, sometimes 10.


It Becomes impossibly successful. Yeah. If you look at Maxine's Baby, that's my mother's name on Prime video, it kind of lays out the whole story. It's pretty fascinating for people to See. Okay, so there's a doc about that. Yeah. Oh wow. A documentary about my life that Armani Ortiz and the mother of my child did. 'cause she was the only one I would trust to give that kind of access to me. Yeah. They followed me for 10 years and it tells the whole story from when I started all the way up until the studio opening. Oh, I'm definitely watching that. Wow. I'm ashamed that I don't know that yet. I spent all this time reading about you. It's her Fault. Okay. Yeah. The light and airy fun arm share. I, yeah. I don't wanna embarrass you, but there's a point where at least minimally Forbes goes, this show is generated a hundred million dollars.


It's generated 20 million in merch. At that age, you must be more successful than you had ever even dreamt of. Yeah. But it wasn't enough. I was scared. Okay. That's my question. So in my mind, all this was gonna fix a lot of Stuff. I didn't think it would fix a lot of things. I was worried about it staying, how long is this gonna stay? And I'll never forget telling my mother, she could retire. She had diabetes and she was very ill working with the kids at the center and I was saying, you should retire. And I hung up the phone just praying, God, please let these places keep working so I can take care of her. I just worried every day that it was gonna end. Yeah. It's a scary feeling. All of a sudden there's money, there's income, there's more than enough. My pathology wasn't more than enough.


My pathology was you got money when you ran outta money. 'cause that's how it was. You had to wait till the next two weeks till you get your next check. So to go from having nothing and being homeless and living on the street to the first year of making money, making a hundred something thousand dollars and getting to the end of the year and not having a dime to pay taxes. 'cause I'd given it all away. And then the next year making a million and the next year 7 million. It was all of this learning and progress. And I had no one to teach me or walk me through or talk to me about how this works or what this means nobody in my family had any money. Were there not mentors available or you weren't good at a availing yourself to mentorship? There Weren't any available. Yeah. I'm gonna grant you that. Yeah.


Even in Atlanta. Right. And also, I didn't trust, because If you told me this was gonna work or to do this, or to do that, or invest in this, I just didn't trust it. Okay. So I wouldn't trust it either. But mine would be you want something. If you're just gonna be nice to me, there's no way I would trust a mentor. They must have an ulterior motive. That's my hangup with mentorship. You still feel that way? No, it's lessened. I mean, we're talking about stuff that's like 30 years old and 10 years old and eight years old. But no, it's lessened. And I can ask. People now Lessened, but it's still there. Yeah. But yeah, that's how deep that fear is. I guess. Here's this man who's got status and wealth, and he likes me for some reason, and my next thing is to have a dream where he wants to get sexual. That's the sad part of where we come from.


Our traumas, the things we've been through will automatically make our ATUs go up and think, why are you being so nice to me? What's wrong with you? You've got wealth. You're after something. Yeah. I used to work so hard to try and dispel that for people. Like, no, this is just about somebody being kind to you. Because I know what that's like for somebody to be kind to me. I've given away cars and houses and paid for kids to go through college and did so much stuff for people that it got to a point where I was like, I don't wanna meet them. I don't wanna shake their hands. I wanna just stand over here and see that they're doing well. Because I don't want them to have that mentality Now. You know? Probably. They're like, yeah, Imagine somebody walking up to you and do your car's broken down to give you a new car.


What do you want? What is this gonna cost me? Rather than just understanding that there are people on the planet who are just kind. Well, and let's add now on the other side of it, which this state of mind was truly unimaginable for me growing up poor, which is like, well, the only joy I'm actually getting out of this thing that I thought was gonna be so spectacular is giving people shit. I don't mean like family members. I mean, tipping an obnoxious amount every time I eat a cheap meal. That's more fun than anything. That server doesn't need to worry that I'm a creep that wants to do something. Exactly. What does that do for that person? What does this do for your spirit? You as a person, and how do you pay it forward? That's what I always say. What can I do? Nothing. Pay it Forward. Yeah. Find someone that's, you be in shittier spot than you are. Yeah.


Okay. So then going into movies, there's a point where the show's incredible. It's generating a ton of money. You're working too hard, which is your dream 24 7. No time to think about anything. Why get out of that? We Went from 2000 seat theaters to arenas and couldn't meet the demand. So I thought, okay, there's a hunger for this kind of storytelling, so let me move into television. Got It. It was just a bigger arena. It was a bigger arena, and I didn't have to be everywhere at once. I could be on a screen in 2000 locations, and that's when I really began to understand this lack of representation for black people in storytelling. And especially my kind of storytelling for black people, because there were lots of shows that were directed at black people, but they weren't told from the point of view of a black person who had experienced it.


So that's why I think shows is movies are still going to, number one is because I'm telling it from a point of view that we really get, no matter what critics say, no matter what anybody says. Yeah. Okay. Weirdly, we've already laid the groundwork for this, and I was talking about it in the trauma aspect. So I wanted to hear from you how you process that huge dissonance between what it's doing commercially and what it's doing critically. And so my own pet peeve about this is, I think it's people removed from that situation, telling the people in the situation how they're supposed to process it and enjoy it, and like it, there's something very condescending about that specific type of criticism. I don't like Metal music.


Metal's not my thing. Right? Sure. I can't relate to it, but I don't criticize it and I don't judge it because it's not for me. It's not directed to me. It's not something that I can say, I like this music, so this music's crap. No, that's just not for me. And it's the same way when I think about the work that I do. It is specific in nature and it speaks to a specific audience. And to have a critic come along and say, well, you have 0% on Rotten Tomatoes. Like, fuck your tomatoes. Because when I was first starting out, I had two critics in my show at the Kodak Theater sit on the same row. I watched them make notes throughout the show. Two, they reviewed the exact same show. They saw the exact same thing.


I read both reviews. This is the last time I read reviews. And one guy thought it was amazing. The other guy thought it was the worst thing he'd ever seen. So I thought, Hmm, this is opinions. This is what people think. And it doesn't really matter as long as I'm clear about the intention of what I'm doing. Yeah. But you know, I think there's something a little deeper going on. Tell me with your work particularly. So yes, two people could watch the graduate and they're gonna have different opinions. Yeah. But I'm gonna argue, and this is something that's very ing up all around us, and no one really wants to talk about it, which is there is an elitism. Yeah, For Sure. And it's condescending. And it's judgemental, and people feel it, and they go out and vote in response to that. And I think this particular thing reeks of elitism, it reeks of we know better.


You should be doing this. You should be showing what should be, not what you experience and recognize. There's something about it that feels very removed and judgmental. It doesn't feel like it's coming from the inside and being judgmental. I would agree. This happened to Sandler too. Critics fucking hated him. Every movie's an enormous, A third of the country loves the movie. Now I have different opinions in other people, and I might not like stuff or like stuff, but I like to think I don't get onto a soapbox of it's low brow, or it's cheap, or it's bad, or mine's better or superior. It's just, oh, right. That audience likes this. This audience gets that. Audiences get what they want without the deep judgment of it all. Completely true.


Also, to layer, that is the understanding of what it's taken for me to be able to be in this business and to have this many hits and this much success, and have to fight tooth and nail to get a budget that's anywhere near a Sandler movie, Despite all the success. Yeah. That's The same despite all of it. Still to this day, it's wild with paramount of the shows on BT that do huge numbers for my audience, but the budgets are far lower than any of the other shows that are on some of the other parts of Paramount. It's comparable audiences for Sure. And then it's like, oh, no, no, we have a formula for you, which is basically, you are black, this is your box.


Here's where you stay because your audience is going to do this much for us in returns. And that has been since I've been in the business. So I have found a way to navigate through that, to take what I've been given to make sure the actors and actresses are paid well, and at the same time figure out how do I make this work and grow a business. It's been challenging. Yeah. 'cause I would like to have one opportunity to have a even playing field for just one where it said, okay, here's Your track record If you can't do it. Who else? Yeah. Ugh. Okay. Your string of movies that are gigantic hits. I'm gonna add just for fun. Do you know who Joy Bryan is? Yes. Okay. She and I were married on a TV show together for six years.


But when we saw each other every day at work, I would say hello? And she'd go lunch. Who's talking about lunch? Oh my God. And it was our favorite, our salutation for six years was Hello? What you talking about lunch? Nobody's talking about lunch. Oh my God. Yeah. Culturally, a world all her own. I love it. So once you get into tv, I do have one logistical question. When you do House of Pain first season, I'm presuming you just funded 10, you went out and made 10 episodes? Yes, I did. Because I was talking to my agent and I said, I wanna do a sitcom. And they're like, oh, well just do one. I was like, no, no, no. I feel like I need to do 10. They're like, Tyler, nobody does 10. That's not how it sounds. That's not how This works. I was like, no, no, no, I wanna do 10.


They're like, okay. So I went to Atlanta, filmed the first 10. They were awful. Okay. And I put 'em in the can and nobody wanted them in Hollywood. Then the UPN and WB merged, I think they became the cw. And at the time, there were about 10 or 12 black shows on the air. Those shows all went away. So all the affiliates, this is during the world of syndication, were pissed. So they were calling around Hollywood, what do you have? What do you have? He's like, well, I got this guy, Tyler Perry. He's got 10 episodes. And they're like, Tyler, you got those 10 gal. They want 'em like, okay. So they put 'em on and all these different affiliates, the ratings were higher than what was there before. Blew their minds. So Just explain the affiliate for people. So you've got, in your town, Atlanta, you got your own news station.


That's its own affiliate of NBC. But there's hours of the day where they don't have programming. Yeah, exactly. They don't have the programming to put things in. Or after the primetime hours, they wouldn't have the show to put in. So when they put this show in, it got these crazy numbers, and they all just went crazy. And they're like, oh, Tyler, this is so great. We got a call from this network. They want to order 10 more. Another one say, oh, we want 20. I was like, no, I want a hundred. I want 90 episodes. Everybody's like, what you talking about? Yeah. You keep timesing this by 10 and you shouldn't. You make one pilot, not 10, and then you get nine episodes with a back order. Yeah. And they told me it's not gonna happen. Nobody's gonna do that. I was like, well, I'm, I'm not doing it because I knew a hundred min syndication.


Yeah. Right. So I wanted somebody to commit to a hundred episodes, and that was Turner. TBS. Have you watched that doc by chance? No. Ted Turner on Max. You wanna turn that back on, don't you? Yeah, Go ahead. So bad. But go ahead, sit here. Go ahead. What's your heat level right now? I'm with you. Turn it on. Okay. You know what a solution would be is to actually use the thermostat on it and just not make it frigid. That Seems great. Or just turn it on. Just freeze yourself right Now. Watch this. I'm gonna go up to 20. It's also in Celsius. Okay. Then we are all screwed. Okay. Let's travel to Europe right now and enjoy some Celsius. Yeah. Okay. 'cause what I'm so confused about is when I go to the Wikipedia page four House of Pain, it says like 336 episodes, which is impossible.


Yeah. I think we're at 400 something now. Okay. And I go, no. And there's no show has 400 episodes. Yeah. And then I'm looking at the breakdown of seasons and Yeah. It says Season one is 10, and then it says season two a hundred. Yeah. Wow. How does that work? Were they airing twice a week? I don't know how they were airy. All I know is I was working my ass off. It took me nine months to shoot all a hundred. I would shoot two or three episodes a day. Oh My God. Oh my Lord. But all of that was because of the situation I was in. Right. The economics demanded, how do I shoot This quickly because they're not giving me the money. How do you make this work? Even now when I'm doing movies, I'll shoot a movie in five days, seven days, 18 days. Oh my God. Because when I'm talking to the dp, unless there's so specific shots that we want a specific time of day, I've like, listen, with all the digital stuff that we can do today with lighting, make this beautiful and let's figure out how we do it.


I've worked with some amazing dps who have found the way to do it. Jasmine's Blues, which is on Netflix, was the first movie I ever wrote 28 years ago. Now it is the first time I ever fell in love with filmmaking, and I just filmed it in 22. Oh, wow. Okay. So you go on this Impossible Run. You have so many TV shows. You have so many movies. You open up the studio, you become friends with the Queen Bee. You then have shows. I had one question about, I've met the Queen Bee a few times, and boy does she deliver. Yeah. Yeah. She's amazing. The Queen Bee is tricky because it does sound like you're talking about Beyonce. I'm talking about Oprah. Yeah. The original Queen be talking about How is she Queen Bee. Oh, you're talking about Oprah. Okay, got it. Oh, you thought I was talking about C Beyonce. Queen B is Beyonce. Exactly. Yeah, It is. Fuck Yeah, man.


I count her as a friend too. But Oprah, I had one little question on that. So you end up the haves and the have nots. You do eight seasons on own and it's huge for them. It's a great success. Is it tricky at all to be friends with the owner of Network when you're making the stuff? 'cause those are kind of inherently, often at odds, those two roles. It was tricky, but we were determined to prove that we could work together and make it happen, and the friendship wouldn't suffer. You had to keep that as a priority. Definitely had to keep it as a priority. And there were times when it got tough. It's gonna get tough. It's hard. You guys have opposing interests all the time. Even With Oprah yet got tough. Right. But what we realized and both understood is how important the friendship is to each of us.


Okay. Let's talk about The Six Triple Eight. How does this come your way? I got a call from Nicole Avant, who was coming off the tragedy of her mother being murdered here in la. 80 something. Year old woman is at home in the evening, and some gang banger breaks into the house in Trusdale and shoots her in Trusdale. For people who don't know, it's like one of the fanciest neighborhoods in all of la. Yeah. And her father, Clarence Avon, who was known as The Godfather, he and Quince Jones were such mentors. Great doc on him. Yes. That his daughter made. Who you're talking about. That Nicole. She said, Tyler, I really feel like you should do this movie, this Six Triple Eight. My mother and I feel like you should do it. Our mother passed, like, I feel like my mother wants you to do this. And I thought, whoa, I've never heard this story. So she sends me this sizzle reel from Kerry Selick and Peter Guber, executive producer on the show.


And I saw the sizzle reel about 855 black women in World War ii. I'm like, who knew? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What? 855? Wait, 855 black women were in Europe in World War II as a part of the war effort. I thought, you're kidding me. Right? She's like, no, this is real. And there are four or five surviving members. I said, where? So there were two that were really with it. There was one woman, her name is Lena King. She died this year. She was 99. I'm like, I'm getting on a plane. I'm gonna see her right now. 'cause she's 99. I wanna sit and talk to her before I start this script. And I walk into her house. I don't know what to expect. She's 99. I'm thinking she's gonna be in a wheelchair. What's her memory gonna be like? This woman comes down the stairs, her lipstick done her hair, makeup.


Oh my God, Mr. Perry, it's a pleasure to meet you. She was still driving. She was still going out dancing with her friends. Oh man. Her memory was as sharp as ever. Wow. Wow. So I sit down and I ask her, I like, so I know you were part of The Six Triple Eight. Tell me about it. What made you go and emotion? Eyes welled up with water, 70 something years. She goes back and she tells me about a young Jewish boy named Abram, who was her very close friend. The Lead of your movie, which I watched last night, is the woman you interviewed? Yeah. The first one. Yeah. Oh wow. Tell that story. It's so good. She's telling me about this young man named Abram who died in war. He wanted to go and do something for the war and fight Hitler. She was so emotional. 'cause he'd only been there a few weeks.


And all of that emotion came back to her in that moment. I saw it in her eyes. I was like, this is the way in to the movie. This is the story. She's telling me what happened and how much she loved him. Yeah. How do you anchor this huge story in this very intimate personal one? And in the movie, she's from Philadelphia. She's kind of in love with this boy. He's in love with her. It's Unacquainted till he is about to leave and then he's dead. I would say about 80 or 90% of what you see in the movie is factual. I had to take some liberties. Of course. Of course. But a lot of it's factual and things she was sharing with me and her memory was sharp. Like you could look at her face and see that she could almost smell the moments and the memories that she was talking to me. Two weeks later, I had a script. I sent it to Nicole. I was like, listen here. And they're like, you're kidding me. We read it, tweaked it, worked on it, and started filming.


Wow. And there's so much stuff that immediately verbals up without you having to really shine a light on it. Even her story, she's very smart, she's very capable, and she doesn't want to go clean and cook for men. But going to school, which would be a very natural next step for her is Too expensive off the table. Yeah. What options are there left? So that right there is kind of telling. Then there's this other great moment where all these women enlist and now they're taking a bus ride down to the south. The train. Yeah. Oh, the train. They're gonna go to bootcamp and two things are happening. One, some white dudes walk in and go, let's get the white people out here.


We gotta segregate this train. And you're like, oh, wow. Yeah. 1944. That's where we were at. But I think even crazier to think about was like, all these women from the north are coming down and they're like, what the fuck is going on? Yeah. You could time travel still in 1944. You could teleport to a much crazier place. But also women of that day were very aware of racism, no matter where they were. Sure. Well, she was already experiencing it in Philadelphia. Right. But just that level could happen on a train ride is also really stark Time travel across the Mason Dixon and you're the whole new world. Right. Okay. So then we meet Kerry Washington and she is the leader of this group of women. She's phenomenal as always.


Your first time working with her second. Okay. What do we think of her? I'm in love with her. I think she's so fantastic. I think that you're spot on, you in love with her on and off camera. She's amazing. We worked on for Color Girls in 2010, and this was our second time working together because between that time, she had done so much. I wanted to find something worthy of her. This role. She's playing Charity Adams, who led these women who was 26 years old at the time. Oh my God. She's 26. She Was 26 years old, leading 855 women. Carrie and I were rehearsing all of these women. The spirit of them were with us through the whole thing. When I was finding different sets, I would look at the pictures and look at the historic references. Like this is the exact place. It was like so weird. But she and I were rehearsing in a dressing room and there's a knock on the door, and it is the transportation guy.


And he comes up, he says, I wanna show you something. I got this trunk I want you to see. So we come out, and I have this on video. The transportation guy was a World War II buff, and he would go to these auctions and buy all these World War II materials. So he brings his trunk and he puts it at our feet. It is Charity Adams trunk. No, No, it's not. Yeah. What with her uniform in it. What? Tulip tree. A letter in it. We both got chills. Oh my God. All these moments of these women letting us know that they were there and they wanted to stay told That feels impossible That're so special Spiritual. And the transpo dude found it. Yeah. Wow. But then you see what she's up against. It's all these half steps. We had Malcolm Gladwell on talking recently about what do you actually need for representation and something. And you find that like one woman on a board does nothing.


She's a token and no one's gonna listen to her. Two is like she's got a friend that's not gonna do much. They can an S, right? Yeah. But nothing really happens. And then it's three, there's this like magic number of three where now you get three women on a board of nine, and now they can be themselves and they can really enact some change. And I was just thinking about Carrie's roles. Like she's the leader of this one black battalion, and she's the only one there. And when she's meeting with these generals and stuff, they're placating her. They're just getting through it. They gotta do this thing. And you realize like, oh my God. To be in that situation actually get anything done seems nearly impossible. Yeah. And for them to do it and do it well, another challenge was the story's about the mail.


Like how do you tell a story about the Mail? Thank you. If I'm you, I'm like, I don't know, man. Where's the big explosion with the mail? Exactly. Right. And Carrie was the same way. She's like, how do you tell a story about the mail? But I think that we discount what the mail meant then because there was no email. There were no text messages. Mail was life. And you had all these soldiers fighting, and they hadn't gotten mail in months because of the battle of the bulge and the moving around so much. So the morale was at an all time low. And you had hangers full of 17 million pieces of mail that needed to get to the soldiers to boost their morale and take them through the end of the war. Well, and also you do a good job at pointing out, there's a mom, I'm sure this part might be artistic, but a woman waits at the gates of the White House. Yes.


Basically to talk to Eleanor Roosevelt To say like, I don't know if my son's dead or not. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't heard from my son in a year. Yes. Morale. But I think more about all these people that were cut off just assuming the worst for months and months and months at a time. And you can't call anyone to get an answer. Are they still alive? That must have been the most agonizing for those parents. Of course. Can you imagine? No. If I wave goodbye to my daughter, and I don't know for a year whether she lived or not. Oh yeah. Awful. So no one wants to deal with this situation. The army doesn't. They're like supplies. That's all we gotta worry about. We can't be worrying about mail. And so they throw them a bone and they intentionally give them six months to sort all this out. Yeah. Thinking, well, that's impossible. They're gonna fail. It's impossible.


Because of the vermin who had eaten through a lot of the package, you couldn't make out the names from the rain and the weather, the World War II of it, All the World War II of it all. Yeah. And this impossible sorting task where they had just thrown all this mail into these hangers. Yeah. Where Do you start with 17 million pieces of fucking mail. Exactly. And these gals, God bless them, they got the job done in 90 days. Wow. It's kind of impossible. Pretty amazing. It's a great story. Thank You. I'm excited about it. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone's really, really good in it. Let Me have you rephrase these gals, these women. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. These women got it done. Yeah. Yeah. So these women, they got it done in 90 days. Yeah. That's incredible. Help me out. Is Gal's offensive? Yeah. In the movie he says, step side gal. Oh.


And the G from black Women in the theater was like, woo. So yeah. Gal is offensive. It's like, boy, calling a black man or boy. Oh, good, good, good. Heads up. I didn't know gals. Everyone's learning. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So a lot of it I could sense you were shooting. Well, I know you have a White House. Yeah. So I'm like, we're shooting at his White House. Yeah. So to be at your studio, I'm curious of the plays, the writing, the films, the TV show. Where does the studio rank in that as far as the amount of pride it gives you when you try to integrate the fact that you own a studio? I tell you the thing that warms my soul the most is understanding that it was once a Confederate army base where there were soldiers plotting and planning on how to keep 3.9 million Negroes enslaved.


And now that land being owned by me, how great is this country that that could happen? So if that could happen for me, I don't care who you are, where you come from, America's an incredible place to just be and dream and live and grow. And as many problems as we have as a country, we are still a great nation that when we galvanize and come together, we can do anything. I still wanna be here more than any other place. Yeah, For sure. Nowhere else in the world. But the fact that it's tangible, does that feel special? It does. My father would build houses. He was a subcontractor, and he would get paid his $800 and he would be so happy, oh, I got my money. But I watched the guy that he sold the house, usually a white man sell the house for $80,000. And I always wondered, why won't you do that?


But looking at it from this point of view, I realized the burden of being the man who owns the house. Yeah. I don't have any partners. I don't have shareholders. So when that a hundred thousand dollars light bill is due, I've gotta pay it. That 180 plus million dollars in payroll for all the actors and everybody, I've gotta pay that every year. So I understand the blessing of it. I also understand the burden of it, and I also understand the exhaustion of it all. But I'm grateful for it. I just feel like it's so tangible versus what we do, which is like I write, then I make it, it gets seen, then it's kind of gone. Maybe it gets seen again. To have something that tangible, I feel like it would force me to experience what's happened. I feel like this visceral, real, tangible 3D space might force me to go, no, no, for real, you built this shit.


This wasn't here. Then you came along. Now it's, here's, it's like reading The Diary. That's real. Yeah. In some ways. Every day, the journals. Yeah. And I get that. And every time I'm driving through the gates, I am reminded of how profound and wonderful this moment is. Especially because there's so many people who wanted to do it. I can't tell you the last person who developed a studio of this magnitude. You think about Disney and Warner Brothers. So to do it at this time and at this level has really, really been profound. But every time I drive in the gate, this is God's honest truth. When I'm tired, when I'm exhausted, when I'm just like, okay, how much longer can you carry this? I'm reminded of all the people who wanted to do it. For some reason it fell on me to do. And also watching people come through the gates who had never had a shot in this business makes me go, you can go a little further.


Yeah. Listen, at 55. Yeah, I'm gonna be 70 soon in Two seconds. That's The way I look at it. Right. 55 came so quickly. I'm just like, what does the next 15 years look like while I'm still able to run up and down the stairs and enjoy my life? What does that look like? And how much of this beautiful gift of this studio is going to be a blessing to that or a hindrance to it. Right. What about Black Panther being shot there? That was pretty cool. I feel like that's a real moment where you're like, oh damn, this gamble also worked Out. One of the first things with Chadwick. Oh, really? And would you pop in at all? Are you the studio owner? The, No. No, I'm not that guy. I respect everybody's privacy and what they're doing. I'll wait if I get invited by the direct.


Like Ryan invited me on the last day to set. I thought that was really great. Much different owner walking in. Yeah. Well, it's staggering. I guess my only thought is how do you figure out how to enjoy it all? I think that's the last kind of hill to climb, isn't it? How do you really integrate it? How do you enjoy it? How do you accept it? How do you believe in it? How do you not fear? I'm violated a place where I've got the right team in place to run it so I can step back a lot. And as soon as I got there and was like, okay, great. We're good. Here comes ai. It was like, you might want to rethink everything you're thinking here. So it was like, here's a whole nother challenge to deal with. Yeah. Oh, I have one last question about this. Could you ever mentally be at a place where you go, I did it.


It really happened without feeling like you have to keep pursuing it. I'm there now. Oh, Well, congratulations. Thank you. That is huge. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I've done it. There's nothing else. If six Triple Eight wouldn't have come along, jazz band was like the pinnacle for me, 27 years to make it. I'm like, okay, now what? So I'm there. Oh, Good Contentment. Yeah. And you got a little boy. So that really takes care of a lot of it. Yeah. Alright, well I hope everyone checks out The Six Triple Eight. It's in theaters on December 6th, and it's on Netflix December 20th. I think this is gonna be enormous. Are you still surprised when you have hits? I'm thankful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm not as surprised as I am. Thankful every time. That's a good answer. I like That. But when it's a shitty movie that hit, thank you.


But six Triple Eight is amazing. Well, Tyler, this has been so fun. I don't think I ever thought we would meet. I, of course, like everyone else in America is very aware of you. I watched the 60 Minutes profile. I was very charmed and thought you were Wonderful. And you're gonna watch Maxine's Baby, and I'm definitely gonna watch Maxine's Baby and your wife. I know. It always goes back to your wife. Well, as it should, your Wife. I was doing People's Choice Awards and somebody was supposed to present the humanitarian award, and she stepped up to do it the last minute and the teleprompter went out. Oh, sure. And she was like, I don't need a teleprompter to talk about him. I'll just wing it. And it was really great. Oh, great. I'll never forget that, because she was Grace Under Fire. Well, wonderful meeting you. I hope everyone checks out the film and I hope we get to do it again.


Or maybe just bump into each other, not working. That would be fun too. Yeah. A lot of fun. A lot of fun. I love it. All right. Thank you. Take care. Thank you. Stay tuned for more Armchair Expert, If you dare.


We Are supported by Quince. Quince is one of our favorite apparel brands with luxury fabrics and finishes at affordable prices. Everyone I know is obsessed with Quince. Monica Quince is amazing. I was gifted an incredible blanket from Quince, from Elizabeth and Andy. Oh wow. And it's so warm and soft and fuzzy and cute. Yeah. All their fabrics are so nice. You get the best of both worlds killer style at prices that don't break the bank. Quince has some great wardrobe staples, all at prices that are way less than similar brands. We're talking 50 to 80% less. This Is a gift givers like Paradise. Paradise, correct. Well, that's because Quince partners directly with top factories. So they cut out the cost of the middleman. And they also make sure the factories they partner with use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices so you can feel good about your purchase, indulge in affordable luxury. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/dax to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash dax.


We are supported by Macy's. Do you have a special event coming up? Macy's is the perfect place to get a fresh suit or stunning dress for a spring wedding or other celebratory occasion. When a big day is on the calendar, you wanna look your best and try and clothes on in the store really does help you find pieces that are guaranteed to look and feel incredible. I waste so much money and time by not trying things on and ordering them. It's so much better when I go and try it. I, I love going to a store. You know that The selection of special occasion clothing at Macy's is next level. So you're sure to find pieces you will love. They've got a huge array of choices from the best suiting brands, including Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Michael Kors, Hugo Boss, and be by Brooks. Plus this month they're having their men's semi-annual suit sale where you can score incredible savings. Men do this. Go do this because you're always like, oh no, I don't have a suit. When you need it, now's the time to get it. Have it in your closet. Be ready. And Look, if online shopping is more your style, which I can relate to, you can get the same great deals at macy's dot com. Get ready to be voted best dressed at your next event. Shop now at macy's dot com or visit your local Macy's store.


We are supported by Squarespace. Ready to share your great idea with the world. Get your message out there with an amazing website designed with Squarespace. Squarespace is where we designed our website. That's right. And our merch side, which is backup and running. It has new, cute merch. So functional, so beautiful. It's so easy. Whether you're a photographer, small business owner, or have a passion project, having a professional website isn't just nice to have anymore. It's essential. And Squarespace makes it ridiculously easy. Their drag and drop templates are gorgeous right out of the box. And you don't need to know a single line of code. Plus every site comes with built-in SEO tools, analytics, and even e-commerce features. If you wanna sell products, you can get up and running in just a day. So why not make that day today? Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dx to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash stacks to get started today.


I sure hope there weren't any mistakes in that episode, but we'll find out when my mom misses Monica comes in and tells us what was wrong. Hi mon. Happy birthday. Oh, thank you. It's your birthday. There was a birthday. It's a birthday miracle today. Oh. 'cause you've been very, you're, you're okay. First of all, we're not together. You're in Mexico City. I'm in Mexico City. And I just wanna start by saying what a place everyone should come. It's incredible. This is a very, very special place. I've never been. So yes, we were having the very best trip and I'll tell you some of the details. But then Lincoln, three or four days ago, she started throwing up and it was really rough.


And she got really kind of scary. Sick. Yeah. Because I was like, do we need what? You know, you're trying to figure out like, when did you go to the hospital? Was it getting worse? Yeah. At what point? Yeah. Yeah. So that was really rough. And that was going on. She had been completely lifeless and zero energy for like 48 hours. And then New Year's Eve was fine. And then New Year's morning at around nine in the morning, I was like, oh, I got something sneaky going on. But I didn't, I wasn't panicked. And then I, and I'm gonna spare you the details, but then I went to the bathroom and then I had, I mean, really just the most violent throwing up I've ever had.


Oh. And so awful. That went on for eight hours. And I was certain I gave myself a hernia, but the throwing up and the other stuff I won't mention, duty stuff Sure. Was truly nothing compared to the laying in bed shivering like crazy. All of my muscles cramped. Hmm. I really, I mean, kicking opiates, motorcycle, ex, none of this was the single worst I've ever felt. Oh, that's so sad. In my whole life. For eight hours, I was like, and IWI had it in my head like, oh my God, if I, if this is for 48 hour, or Lincoln at that point was on 50, I, I was like, I, I, I don't think I could make it.


Like, why isn't my body just stop letting me experience this? 'cause it's way too much. Yeah. And it was, it was just torture. And then Kristen brought me a Zofran and a, and then Aleve about eight hours into it, I took that. I was able to sleep. I slept for four hours. And then I woke up last night around, I don't know, 8:00 PM and I was like, I was okay. It kind of passed. Wow. And then Linky was starting to come out of it too. So everyone else did fun stuff. And she and I just hung out, went to the hot tub to soak our achy bodies. That was fine. We did about 10 minutes. That was our big adventure. And then we laid in bed and watched little women.


Oh, that Greta Gerwig Want. That's a great movie. Have you seen that? Yeah. Okay. This trip for me has been a total revelation about Greta Gerwig. I, I knew Barbie, but I hadn't seen Lady Bird. Oh, What movie? It's such a good movie. Oh, what A movie. Do you know I didn't see it. 'cause I thought it was a period piece. Like the cover and the title. I, for some reason thought it was a period piece, not a high school coming of age movie. Yeah. But then Little Woman is a period piece. But now I just love Greta. I would watch, I don't know, name your words. I'd watch a horror film that she made at this point. Wow. So now I became obsessed with Greta Gerwig. And then last time I was like, let's watch Little Women.


Well that's an incredible, perfect movie too. It is. She is so good. Then I did research on her Monica, like I was gonna interview her. Oh my. I did like an hour of research on Greta Gerwig just for my own edification and fun. I had no idea. She was like a hugely successful actor before. Yep. She was a di our best director. And I didn't know she was married to no bombak. Yeah. They've done stuff together. You know, all this stuff. Oh yeah. I didn't know any Of this. I know it all. You are a know it all. So anyways, all to say, I woke up this morning and I actually feel really fantastic. Oh, I'm so happy to hear it.


I was very scared for all of you guys. And we came up with a plan B in case I figured there's no way, There was no way yesterday at 7:00 PM But then I heard you had an idea that I almost felt like I wanted to stay sick. So you'd have to do it. Yeah. I thought we, you know, we were on it. Rob and I were on a text and we were trying to figure out, I guess we'll just come on and say Happy New Year and tell people you you're sick and you'll be back. But then I thought dead In Mexico. Yeah. So then I thought maybe I would do 50 facts about Dax for your, That's a Lot for your birthday. Were you intimidated? That's a lot to commit to 50 facts. I can do it.


I can do it. I know I can do it, but I, but so maybe I'll save that for another day. That was a very thoughtful idea. It's 50. How do you feel Yesterday? I was like, oh wow. I'm not gonna make, Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah. Yesterday I was like, oh my God, I'm gonna not make it. I thought for sure I was gonna outlive my dad for so long. I was like, oh no, we're gonna come in 13 years before. Oh no. Apart from health, how are you feeling about your second Half of a century that I'm entering? Yeah. I think I'm mostly thinking about the thing that's tripping me out is like, okay, wow. I'm a half of a hundred years old. I just watched little women that was only set 150 years ago.


Right. That seems like a million years ago. Yes. In fact, we were watching the movie and there's these beautiful mansions in the movie. And I said to Lincoln, you realize none of those mansions have toilets inside. Like, as fancy as this looks and as how much you'd wanna live there. All these people in their fancy dresses are going across the yard to shit in a wooden box. Yeah. And they aren't brushing teeth. Nothing is good. It looks pretty. But, so then when I think, well my, that's not terribly long ago. Two more of my lifes ago. Yeah. It starts to put time in a weird, where it's like all these things that feel so far away, they're not that far away. And then I, then of course, I think, well, life's really short.


Yeah. But mostly I, I'm happy and I feel good. And I'm very excited to see you because I haven't seen you in a long time. I know. So I think we should rewind all the way to your Christmas at home. Okay. I went home for Christmas To Duluth, Georgia. You know, that's also a weird thing. This was sort of the first trip. I didn't refer to it as going home. Oh, what did you refer to it as? Like, I'm going to Georgia to visit my family. Oh, I don't know about that. I mean, home is where the heart is. But also I think, like I just, we've talked about this before, but every time I land here in LA Yeah.


I, I am home here. You're an LA boy? Yeah, I'm a cookie boy and an la boy. And I visit my parents in Georgia. Huh. That's interesting. 'cause I still, when I go home, when I go to Michigan, I think it's home. Well, I, God, yeah. Now I feel sacrilegious. Like it's not, it's still a huge part of me. But yeah, I guess I'm sort of coming up, not coming up. I guess. 'cause let's see what, this year, this year I will have been here 15 years. Right. And Right. So not half your life yet. Not half my life. But I was in Georgia for 22 years.


So I mean, I'm about like in a, in seven years, I'm gonna have reached the same point. Yes, yes. I'm at 60% as of today. Your life. Yeah. 'cause I moved in when I was 20. And so for 30 years I've been in California. Well, exactly. 20. I was in Michigan. So You, you have lived in California longer than you've lived in Michigan. Is isn't that weird? Yeah. By like 50% longer. Yes. It's very Weird. You love percentages today. I love it because It's a birthday. I'm gonna still do fast math when I'm 50. You went to your parents' house, not home.


And it was, it was lovely. You know, it's, you're, I'm always trying to figure out the right amount of days. Yeah. Where I am enjoying myself. It's relaxing. I'm getting time in with the family, with friends, but I don't overstay into the point where I become Cranky. Wanky Cranky. And I did pretty good. I think it was like, I think it was like a day and a half of, of ness Y'all ever get toothpaste?


RORR Or So? Oh, wait, at the, the, the last day and a half or the first day and a half? No, A day and half the first days are great. Like, that's the thing. And then I, and I feel so good and everyone's so happy and, and, and it, it feels like, oh, I could, I could like live here again probably in this house. Yeah. And then five days is I'm starting to turn, I'm starting to call it my parents' house. You know, things, things are changing. Yeah. 'cause so I, my mom got me this necklace from my gift guide.


It's a shark. Oh. You probably can't see it. Well that worked out. It did absolutely perfectly. Because I bought you the same necklace and it got lost. Yes. And so you got me a different one When I reordered. I just, I changed my mind on the reorder. I mean, truly that's a blessing from above. Because you would've two shark necklaces. What? You don't need that. Yeah. I would, I would have to return one and then that would be a really crisis of conscious. Who's your return? Yes. Well, you got a return mine. And, and have Nering deserves to have Those cap. I know. But, but I send her links. Okay. So it's not like she came up with Yeah. Although in some ways you just got it off thinking going to That's right.


I mean, you also in a subversive way told me what to get you as well. Yeah, it's true. But anyway, I got the shark. I love it. And I was wearing it and my mom said, she was like, oh, it looks so nice. Why'd you pick, why'd you pick a shark? And I said, oh, 'cause I'm a shark. I'm a shark when it comes down to it now in, and I said, in business. And she said, with your parents too sometimes. Oh. Oh, wow. And then I just looked at her like this, like A shark. Yeah. You should have bit her. You should have ran, you should have lunged at her and, and snapped your jaw. Do you wanna see a shark? Jaws at her? You wanna see a shark?


I'll show you a shark. You know what I think is really gross about sharks is that their upper teeth move to, you know that? No. What? You know, like our top teeth are fixed. They don't go anywhere. Just the bottom mandible moves up and down the top teeth aren't coming up and down. They're just stationary. Right. Those fucking sharks. The top comes down too. It comes down or up? Well, I guess both. Yeah. Yeah. It does the same thing as the bottom. Whoa. That's so cool. Better. I don't like how it looks when they lunge at a seal or something and you see the top teeth descend. Oh. It just makes it that much more terrifying. That's a New Year's resolution for me. It, it, it's one step away from the whole set of teeth just turning into a vortex and like, you know, eviscerating the prey.


Ooh. Eviscerating the prey. That's me. That's, that's me in 2025. What are your, do you have any resolutions? I do, this year I tried to break it into different categories, like professional per, you know, physical, spiritual. I Like that. There's another one. It's probably the most important one. Professionally. I'm, I want really want to finish my memoir this year, physically. And this has been a little bit influenced by watching Sprint season two over the break. I need to do, it's out. I need to, it's been out for a while, Monnie. Whoa. No, it's so good. And yeah, I didn't know that either.


Oh, I'm excited. But Molly had already seen it. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. So sprinting, I really, I'm not biking's my new thing, but I'm gonna try to this year do biking and sprinting. So that's a physical goal. And then spiritually is finding my way back professionally. I, this is spiritual professional. Yeah. To focus on what I love about work and not the outcome. I guess I get to really, really hunker back down into that. Yeah. I like that. Yeah. What are your resolutions? I also have sort of different buckets, but I also have very tangible ones.


I think tangible ones are the ones that are best. Like they're the highest level of succeeding. Like Max's resolution is to learn how to do a split. Ooh. I think it's too late for Max. I once read, if boys don't do that by the time they're 10, they can't physiologically do it. Really. He was pretty, He should do a little research. We said that was a great resolution. And he was surprisingly kind like sort of flexible. Max is my arch nemesis. The notion that his thighs are that much bigger than mine. Annie can do the splits. I feel like he has too much muscle to do the split splits. Annie's a taller than you. Well, I dunno. Not on your birthday. Today is not, today's not, Depends how you quantify it.


I guess. If you use inches. Yeah, sure. He is taller. Sure, sure. Oh, I forgot to what medically I wanna, I'm seeing allergist this year. I gotta stop blowing my nose all day. Oh, That's a good one. And then I have a vanity one too. Okay. I wanna start getting facials. That's great. One that also feels, it just feels really nice and luxurious. Yeah. Well, I'm 50 and sometimes I look at my, my nose in the mirror and I'm like, it looks like a catcher's mi like, I think I need to pull a couple layers off of the skin or something. It's starting to look really leathery. It's not. But you could do a peel, a light peel. Yeah. A couple times a week maybe to Get down to that. Oh God. This is the pro Fresh, that youthful skin underneath.


You just have bright red, like mus your muscle shows. I keep fluctuating. I keep going like half the time, probably even more than the half the time. About 80% of the time I go like, yeah, let's get this face all leathery and fucked up. There's something charming about that in an older man. And then one day I look at my face and I go, bologna, I can get facials. I live in a city with a lot of good facials. I should make my skin look rosy and youthful. It's such a good encapsulation of you in general. You're like, I'm this masculine Midwestern guy and I'm leathery. But really, you're not you. I'm vain and I live in Hollywood and I'm an actress.


Yeah. Who are we kidding? Yeah, just own it. Yeah. I have a skin one too. It's to restore the skin barrier on my legs. And that means to lotion every day. Oh, okay. Skin barrier is what it is Technically. Yeah. Because my, the skin barrier on my leg legs are a bit rough. Listen, this is working perfectly with my New Year's resolution because we haven't recorded in like eight days and I'm having as much fun right now as I have on a rollercoaster. Again, it's just like the first five days it feels so freeing.


It's like, oh, I don't have to think about that and then start feeling itchy. And you need it. Yeah. You Need it. And I want to add about your skin. Delta and I, so on New Year's Eve here, before I got sick, which was great, the hotel nearly set itself on fire. It was launching all these fireworks from the roof and we're on the top floor. So about 14 inches from our window is where the fireworks were being set off from. And I, I'm gonna send you a video. It's the, like I'm talking a lot of fireworks where our whole room filled up with smoke because we had the windows open watching them. So, and then they were playing music in the courtyard and everything. So we, there's no way we were gonna go to bed before 2:00 AM So Delta and I were in bed together and it was about one and the music was really loud and we couldn't sleep.


So we watched the Christmas special and numerous times during the Christmas special on the closeups of you. I thought, well, I don't know what more she would want out of skin. It looks absolutely flawless and beautiful and I'm just not sure what Monica's aiming for, if not what she has in the Christmas episode. Well, That's very nice. I mean, it's been a journey. When I was looking, I looked through all my pictures from 2024 to do a post and I can, I like the beginning of the year was bad, really bad. Really, really, really bad skin.


Okay. I guess I'll shout this out. I ha so people know about my witch. Yeah. But I have a, I feel, I feel guilty, but I gotta be honest, I have a new person and she's not a witch. She's a real woman. Right. And no powers. She doesn't have power. She has skill. Right, right. Yeah. The place is called corrective skincare. But is it all the way on the west side? Santa Monica? Exactly. See, this is where my, I go to the 80%. Let's just stay leathery because I, I know. I'm like, yeah, I want whatever you got going. 'cause it's certainly working. I know, but you don't have what I You don't have adult acne. I hate that phrase.


I do too. I Know. It's, it's almost an onia. There is something really, there's something about it. Yeah. Well wait till you have Joe, I'm, I would now have geriatric acne is what they'd have to call it. Oh no. Oh no. I'm gonna have, I'm gonna be dealing. I'm gonna have that, but no. So you don't, you have different issues. I don't, I think she is really amazing. Corrective skincare is very, very amazing at clearing AA and yeah. Then also aa and then also making like she does light peels and stuff. Anyway, she, she has changed my face for sure and helped it so much.


And I have a routine and I use a couple of her products. And I also ice my face morning and night. That's a pro tip. Oh wow. Wow, wow, Wow. And I think that's helped a lot. Okay. Lemme ask you this. Does she like the east side? Like, are there any favorite restaurants she has? Could we get her like five clients on the east side and then buy her lunch and she'd come out? No, she, No, because you know why she, she's valuable lives in Orange County, and now she only is there one day a week, even in Santa Monica. So it's getting, it's like, I should say, what if we put her Up at Kara once a month? We'll pay, I would love that. I would love that. But I, yeah, we get like four or five East side clients, put her up at car and now we got something.


We really got something. Although I, I, you know, a resolution I had once was to be more positive. And I think I've done that. And I look at going to Santa Monica as an adventure. It's like going on vacation, but like a bad, like kind of a bad one. Like the one you're on. And Well, People should note you. They're probably thinking like, in LA what, what, how far could this be? And If you look at a map, it'll be very, very deceptive. I mean, it's, it's sincerely, it can be 90 minutes both directions. Oh, it is, it is 90. Yeah. It, it, If you go, It's the same distance to go to Santa Barbara to get a facial.


Yeah. So, but I plan it well where I plan a dinner with our only friend who lives on the west side. Sometimes she can't do it, which is rude. Then on my own, I'll go to dinner if that's the case, or I'll go work somewhere. I will say that when I had my Tonka, that was, that was me. I don't wanna give too much details, but I was in Santa Monica. You're trying to get home from Santa Monica. Okay. That's, yeah, that's enough. Okay. I, I also have a Tonka adjacent story, but because I already had this poisoning yesterday, I, I, I, I don't wanna, you Wanna wait?


Overwhelm The audience. Okay. I'll, I'll wait. But I, on the departure of this trip, had a real emotional and Tonka like experience. You too. But I'm gonna, I cannot fill the first episode of the year. Okay. With double whammy on that. Okay. So Easter egg. Ooh, Exciting. Okay. So after restore the skin barrier on my legs, that with lotion. Okay. I realize I, I do have a kind of tick, like I pick at my legs a lot. Oh, okay. Okay. And so they're kind of really messed up. So I gotta restore that. And then I want to, I, I've journaled two days now.


Oh, you have? Yes. That was congrats. It wasn't even a resolution. I didn't write it down, but I found a notebook and I've done it for two days. Oh good. So the journal's a great place. I don't, you don't really have any resolutions of quitting anything, but I think the journal's the best place to put your numbers on the corner. 'cause you see them piling up. Like, I just hit 365 days without dip. 'cause last year's resolution was no more Chewy tobacco. Yeah. Wow. And you did it. Congratulations. Yeah. And so on my journal, you know, I see what 365 days without, and then you get a little encouragement to stick with it that day. So If you, I don't know, your icing or whatever thing you want to be consistent about, If you keep a little tally in your journal, you get to see that climb and it's very encouraging.


Ooh, I like that. I'm impressed that you, knowing you, that you aren't paranoid about your journals like I am. So I wanna lock on it. It doesn't have one. Okay. Because it's like a nice journal, but I'm afraid somebody's gonna open it and start reading it. And I live by myself. Yeah. Yeah. So the risk is low, but I am like, I'm kind of consumed by that. Like, I thought, should I rip the, should I write it and then should destroy it? No. Well, well, okay. Let me hit you with like, I write in it with an even much deeper knowledge that I'm going to die.


And I don't presume my kids will ever have the interest of doing this, but if my kids choose, there is a daily account of my life for the last 20 years, should they ever wanna read it and it's all in there. And that's at one time scary. And then at another time kind of comforting the notion that they're gonna struggle in life for sure. It's the ride. And they're gonna be ashamed of themselves and they're gonna make mistakes. And I have this, if they're so inclined, I, I have 20 years of huge mistakes and still walk, keep going and keep trying. And, and so I, I write in it knowing there's a, a possibility that my children will read.


Oh, Do you censor yourself because of that or no? I don't. I don't. Wow. I think the more I've learned of my parents' struggles, it did nothing but comfort me. Yeah. And make me less self-loathing. And, you know, I But you're really only comfortable with them doing it after you die though, right? I don't know. You've been around me. I tell them pretty much. Yeah. That's everything already. That's true. You don't have any deepest, darkest secrets that you don't want anyone to ever know. I do. Well now I want to know him. I'm gonna break into your apartment and Reach for show. No, I'm okay. My new plan is the next morning I'm gonna rip the old page out and light it on fire.


No. Can't you get a safe? At least don't do that. Well, because You might wanna write a memoir one day and and our memories are so, are are complete fabrications. Yeah. As we know. So like, even right now, this memoir I'm currently writing really is only gonna take me to like adulthood. Right. And then I'll have the gap between moving to LA and being an addict and then getting sober and starting to work. That'll probably be a second one. But it, I mean, this sounds so indulgent, but regardless, in my mind, there's three, right? And what's exciting to me is the third one, there'll be no, I'll be able to read. I'll, like, anytime I tell a, an event of my life or the story, I can go read that day and, and actually know what happened.


It will, that will, the third one will probably be the only one that's approaching accurate of reality. It'll be the most boring one, Probably. Well, yeah. All the other ones all have been the victim. And the last one you'll realize I'm the perpetrator of all, all My misery. Oh, wow. That's a twist. It's a twist in the series. This is kind of cool. But don't burn it. Money. Get a say. I'm burning it. Don't, because I think for me, the jour purpose of the journal is potentially different than yours. One is just to get back in the habit of writing. Yeah. And two, it's to release, it's not to document It's more emotion.


It's more about feelings than what is happening. So. Right. I I, I think I'm kind of okay with burning it because it's, it's just like I'm giving that up to the universe. I'm releasing that. I don't wanna reread it. Oh, okay. But, and by the way, I don't really ever go back and read my journals. Yeah. But I have on a couple occasions, and one thing that's very useful about it, as I've already said on here many times, is when you can see a pattern, you've been stuck in for a very long time and you see it in writing, there is something very powerful about seeing that and going like, well, it's up to me. I'm gonna continue to, like, this isn't a new feeling I have, this isn't a new reaction.


This is the same fucking thing I do all the time. And it's in black and white and I have a choice to continue it or to stop it. And that's where I think it's useful. What If you put it in some second location and you don't have your name on it? So if someone found it, they'd have no fucking clue who, whose secrets they're reading. I think it's gonna be obvious. Oh, you do What? I'm like, well, the one Thing I really agree with you On, I work an Armchair Expert. Yeah. Every, yeah. I guess if every entry has to do with someone famous you interviewed that day, they'll go, well, it's either Rob's Monica's, or, or, or D's. Yeah.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare.


As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career, be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown. SES the learning never stops and neither do you write your next chapter. Be continued at scs.georgetown.edu/podcast.


The one thing I do think is incredibly powerful, and I think this is what I use it for more than anything now, is there is, and the documenting part, it's not like I'm documenting it for posterity or I think I've even ever been writing in it, thinking I'd consult it for something. It's that I wake up and the day often feels insurmountable and I am pessimistic and I think I can barely get out of bed and nothing will happen. But the, the act of having to say everything that happened yesterday, I, I see Oh no, yesterday you felt that way. And look, all these things you did. Yeah. The more important thing that's happening now is like, I wake up with a rumination and I'm committed to putting down the rumination. And once I get it in writing, the absurd of it generally cuts it in half or even more sometimes the whole, that realization I had about Bradley's movie where it's like, I saw it, I hated it.


I gotta interview him that day. I don't know what I'm gonna say. I'm now writing about that. In the writing of it. I realize, oh, I hate it 'cause this this movie's about me. Yeah. Or, or If, you know, my, the part of me I hate the most and then what clarity that gives me, and then I end up loving it. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'd probably, I'm probably just gonna burn it, but I, okay. I think it's good. I, I actually, I think it's more like making the bed, which I don't do, but now I kind of see the value. It's, it's, you've, in the morning, you've accomplished something. Yeah. You did something, you wrote some stuff down. And like, if that's a goal to write some stuff down every day, then you've already done something positive for yourself.


And you can, like the, whatever happens the rest of the day, one thing you accomplish, one thing Mon erase everything I just said. Yes. I think that's the number one thing of all of it. Yeah. Which is helpful. Like, you just, what you've shown is you have a commitment to yourself and, and, and, and you did it. And so you feel Yeah. You feel good. It's like exercising. Yeah. You're like, all right. I did things I didn't wanna do to make myself better. And that implicitly feels great. Yeah, Definitely. Do you wanna know one of the sickest parts of myself? What I always make my bed. I would anyways, but I also, there is a part of me that, like, I make my side of the bed because often Kristen's still in it.


Oh, Okay. Okay. But even if she's not in it, I'll just make my side. Okay. And This is really a disgusting part of me, but part of me goes, well, there's the evidence. Like I made my side of the bed. I'm ke I'm, I'm committed to keeping this room clean. So there could also, once you have live with someone, you might start making your side of the bed just to shame them. Oh No, I think that should be a rest. No, I think that should be a resolution for you, that you make her side of the bed too, as a generous act. Oh, I'm overselling that a little bit for comedic value. But it does happen. Yeah. I, I understand. I understand where it comes from.


Well, Here's really what I don't, I'm not making it thinking I'll shame her, but I occasionally I'll see my side's made and hers is messy. And I, and I do think, I hope she notices that I've made my side. Oh my God. Oh my God. The only, the only time I make my bed is if I am leaving for out of town, I make it. Okay. And that, I only started doing that because Callie once told me we were in high school, that we were young, and I think we were going somewhere and she made her bed and she was like, yeah, I like to, if I'm going on vacation, I have to clean my room and make my bed and everything in case I die.


Oh, that's not where I thought we were going. I thought she wants to return to a clean slate. I know. But that would've been the normal answer. But yeah. In case she dies and then people like, you know, are coming in there, she, it's like, it's a clean, I have the complete opposite. If I thought I was gonna die on vacation, I would set my room on fire before I left. I know. Like, I wouldn't give a fuck. It's more for like, what will happen for the people. Like they'll come in her room. Yeah. It needs to be in order for them. Yeah. So She's the type that would've killed herself at the Colonial Motor Inn to not make a mess for anyone. What's that? So my grandma Midge would've found her. Oh no. Okay. No, that's really bad.


Knock on wood. Okay. Okay. Hold on. I'm not, Knock on wood. Okay. Okay. Okay. Have one more thing. Christmas was great. We had a great Christmas. Yeah. Really, really fun. TT and Bear came over in the morning and that's Carly and Yie. And then we left on the 26th to come here and I committed us to a hot air balloon ride. Oh yeah. And you, you had to wake up really early, like five in the morning on vacation to go. And you, I was a tough sell and I hour drive there. Oh. And that was the day before Lincoln got sick so Lincoln couldn't come. Aw. And mom couldn't come. So it really was like on the fence, what, what are we gonna do?


We gonna still do this thing. And it's so early we went anyways. Delta was so afraid. The whole ride there. Hmm. Watching them inflate the hot air balloon getting into the basket was almost impossible. She almo, she just almost was like, fuck this, I'm not doing it. Yeah. I coaxed her into the basket. There's pictures of me holding her before it takes off. And I had said in the car, Delta, I will, I would bet all of my money that at the end of this, you are really gonna want to do it again. Like I feel that confident about it, I would probably bet everything. And she goes, well you are gonna lose everything. That's what she said. The balloon took off. Monica, I promise you we weren't even 15 feet in the air.


Delta goes, daddy, you're gonna win that bat. This is my favorite thing I've ever done. Oh Wow. And It was, it was among the greatest things I've ever done. This is, this was so incredible. There were so many hot air balloons. Oh. Oh, maybe I'll post a picture. Yeah. On this episode there was probably 50 or 60 hot air balloons all up in you hover above the pyramids. Oh wow. And you just float around for like an hour going up and down and there's all these beautiful hot air balloons. And it was Molly and Dalia and, and Lily and Eric and Delta and I.


And it was about as cool of an experience as we ever had. And then the dude set it down. We were going, we were touching the tops of the trees as we floated in. He put it on this little like the size of your yard, of your current new house over power lines, like a foot over it. Brings it down and landed it on the fucking trailer of the truck where it gets transported in. Wow. It Was Impo. This guy was such a top gun. Oh my goodness. That's so Cool. It was spectacular. Oh, I love that. Yeah. Well I'm proud of her, but also I'm proud and shocked and impressed and shocked that you are comfortable in that environment.


Letting someone not driving. Exactly. Letting someone steer you above earth really. And yeah. So that's good. This guy was great and you should know all I did half, about half of the time I watched him operate it in preparation if he passed out. Okay. So you were aware. I started clocking like, okay, wow. So when he gives a gas, he had like three different throttles to put heat into the balloon. But when he would put that in, there was about a 45 second delay before the actual elevation would change or not. So I was like, okay, wow. If I know if we're coming at a tree, I gotta predict 45 seconds from now, we need to go.


So I was really, I was monitoring like a hawk thinking I might, I might have to land. And Eric goes after we landed, he goes, yeah, I don't think you could've done that. I think you could've flown us around, but I don't think you could've made that landing. And I'm like, I don't think so either. But I certainly would've given it a Shot. Yeah, you would've. Wow. Okay. Great. Well that sounds wonderful. I'm glad you guys got to do that. That was a big time. Once in a lifetime. Cool Experience. Yeah, it was really special. Mm. And my littlest buddy, we just had so much fun in that basket together. I've been having the best time with delt on this trip. My god, That's so sweet. Just couldn't be more in love with her. Yeah, she's pretty perfect. Okay.


I have a couple facts. Okay. Before you get into those facts, I just wanna say about Tyler Perry. I thought about him so much after this interview. Really, I gotta say, tied with anyone else we've ever interviewed. I just, all week I kept thinking about him and he might be one of the most unique people I've ever met in my life. He has such a softness and kindness and also this firmness with his boundaries and beliefs. Yes. It was like this really unique combo of this beautifulness and also self-assuredness and Yeah. Not going to be led anywhere. He doesn't wanna go.


Yeah. Something about him I felt was just so magical. I do too. I mean, he is just like the walking representation of glass half full. Like he turned, he really turned his some very traumatic events into Yeah. Something he could, you know, be proud of and it's incredible. And his brave bravery talking about those topics Yeah. Fully exceeded mine. And I, I just thought that was really Yeah. A real privilege to Yeah. I love too that he was like, wait, you told me this was gonna be fun to his Publicist. I know. And then I said, well it can be fun.


We can do a fun version. He is like, no, no, no, actually let, let's do, let's go. Yeah. Let's do the real thing. I thought that was so Rad. Yeah, me too. Me too. Yeah. He's really special. When I was home, I drove past his studios. Well the exit for studios. You did? Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh my God. I did it. I set him home. Wow. Oh, you're back. I'm Okay. Good. Okay. Turns out it's just where I'm not, you Can have a couple homes. Okay. That's nice. Alright. Okay. Now he mentioned the arousal template. He said that's set from around three to seven ages. Three to seven. Yeah. So there's a belief that each of us has a sexual arousal template, a map in the brain of what we find sexually appealing.


Although researchers do not fully understand how or why the various things to which we're attracted appear in our arousal template. It is clear that by the time we are four to six, our arousal template is largely in place even though we are not yet sexual. It is also clear that as we age elements can be added to our sexual arousal template, but not eliminated. Ah, you can just throw in more kinks I guess. I guess so. Yeah. But it makes sense. It's like why one person is interested in one thing and others are not. Yeah. I had a, a little realization on this, or not a realization. I launched a new theory on this trip, was listening to Nate Silver's most recent book.


And he was in a very respectful and and smart way. He was poking holes in effective altruism. Oh, our good boy McCaskill, who we had on. Yeah. We like him and utilitarianism. He had a couple of really good pushbacks for all of it. And they're very solid as I also believe that Peter Singer and McCaskill's points of view are very, very solid. And my conclusion was, you know, everything's already been fleshed out. These theories and philosophies in life, they've been explored since Greece and probably before. They're all here for us.


And I think we are just biologically unique. Yeah. And I guess our childhoods and our zip code and our socioeconomic and there's just an offering for us that'll feel most correct. I don't think any of 'em are necessarily superior. I just think there's, there's a lot of really good fleshed out ones and you'll just be pulled to one. Yeah. And the notion that yours is the one or someone else's is the one isn't really it. There's just these offerings and you have some predisposition and some bias and, and certain ones will just appeal to you more than others. And I think you're just born that way that you'll be drawn to these certain ones. Does that make sense?


Yeah, It does. I, I don't know If you are biologically like drawn so much as what you're exposed to kind of becomes your default. We're all trying to be as safe and happy as we can be. So whatever is giving us individually that feeling we're gonna chase and Yeah. That's not the same thing for everyone. Yeah. I think most of my life I've thought, well one argument will have the most merit. Like somehow, If you can quantify it, and even that was a part of utilitarianism, he said, you know, the reason utilitarian is very tempting as a philosophy is it is our innate desire to quantify things.


Mm. So if we can say, oh, four people died versus 12 people, that's very simple. Yeah. It's 12 versus four. Well, were those 12 Nazi party members and the other four were Mother Teresa and her pals. Like, no, actually that's not necessarily true. But the appeal of quantifying and being able to compare two numbers is very attractive to a lot of us. Yeah. And, and biologically like we have such different dopamine levels naturally, you know, like there's such a variety of how much dopamine you have or depression you have. And I think we're all inclined. It's also kinda what Payne was saying Keith Payne about. Isn't it interesting that although you've thought through the arguments and you're sure the conclusion is correct, isn't it weird, I could have predicted what conclusion you would've come to before you were born based on your ethnicity and your zip code.


Like that kind of, that theory still I think is what I'm getting at is like yeah, there's just a lot of really good, well thought out theories and philosophies and they'll, ones will just appeal to us for whatever reason and others won't. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. Okay. Cities where black people are thriving, because we, we were talking about Atlanta, my home, My number one home, my only home, According to the Atlanta Journal constitution, the top 10 are Washington, dc Austin, Texas. Is this in order or this is Just Yeah, this is in order. This is ranked number one.


Is DC more than Atlanta? Should I go, should I go 10 to one? Wow. Too late now. Dammit. I'm Ross. Those are above Atlanta. Yeah. Atlanta's number five. Okay. Okay. Hit me. So dc DC Austin, number two. Mm. Number three. Provo, Utah. Shocker. Number three is Poughkeepsie, New York. Well, that's gotta be four, right? Oh, you've already Read three. Hold on. No, sorry. Three. And they're tied. They're tied. Okay. Okay. Provo and Poughkeepsie are tied for three and four, right? Atlanta's five. Okay. Six is Oxnard, California, That's where our boy Anderson P'S from.


Oh, No way. Yeah. Oh, cool. Seven is San Antonio, Texas, eight is Raleigh, North Carolina nine is Baltimore, Maryland, and 10 is Ogden, Utah. Utah has two. Okay. I'm good. Okay. I, I gotta imagine If you, if If you Google least amount of black people in any state, Utah's gotta be number one, right? No. Well, Rob will love, So have they interviewed the 12 people that live in Provo and they're thriving like crazy? I don't know. But this, no, this is There, is there a threshold like minimum amount of black folks that to count, Well, hold on there.


This is broken down into median household income among black residents. Okay. Perce percentage of black households that make a hundred thousand dollars or more a year percent of black residents with a bachelor, with a bachelor's degree or higher home ownership rate among black residents, unemployment rate among black residents. So that's the factor. And yeah, it doesn't give population. Those are good metrics. Right. In 2020 there were 40,000 in Utah. Oh, come on guys. There's that many, But that Not the Lowest. That's not the lowest though. What's the lowest? Oh, well, well, hold on, hold on. I, I wanna Regus, why is it Yours?


Wyoming so, so shaky. Oh, sorry. I was kicking the table that my computer was May I, I'm gonna go back. May, maybe North Dakota and, and Montana. Minnesota probably You got two that are lower. So the lowest is Wyoming. Okay. And then Montana, Vermont, Idaho, South Dakota, New Hampshire, Alaska, Hawaii, Maine, North Dakota, Utah. It's 11th. Okay. So I'm kind of wrong on that. But 40,000 in the whole state. That's not Yeah, that's not a lot. Wyoming Is 5,200. Wow. Well it also, this, this Atlanta Journal constitution is really a newspaper because there's also this really cool map.


I'm, I'm I I'm impressed and I'm proud of my home. Yeah. Okay. Now what's the Chitlin circuit rebrand name? You were like, it, it's rebranded to something. And you're right. Urban theater circuit. Sure. He didn't like that. Good for him. Yeah, he's allowed, I'm not allowed to have that opinion, but I agree with him. Yeah, well sure, we'll agree with whatever he, we'll do whatever he wants. Oh, can I bring up a scary one? Yeah. Because I actually had to discuss this with Delta on this trip. Yeah. I accidentally, she was sitting on this swinging net chair in a park and she and Dalia were both trying to get on it at the same time.


And it was clear to me that the only way they were gonna be able to do that is if they both sat criss kras applesauce. Mm. And I accidentally said Indian style. Sure. And then Delta said, what's Indian style? And I go, oh, you know what? I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said that. That's what we used to call crisscross applesauce. And then she said, oh, okay. Why is it bad? And I said, you know, Delta, this is one of the few that I'm not quite sure, because obviously people saw Indians meditating, sitting that way, and they called, sitting that way Indian style. And it's not derogatory in any way. Yeah. If you invent a way of sitting, I get, I think why is that negative?


So I just want your 2 cents on that because that we've Talked, we talked about This With Bobby Lee. So go back in the archives and you dax you go back in the archives and listen to that episode, Even if it's just for a minute. Yeah. Because I, well actually I prob I think I actually cut a lot of the crisscross applesauce talk out, which I'll probably have to do again right now. No, I won't. I get, I understand the conundrum because it, I agree with you. There's nothing inherently negative about sitting that way. Yeah. And you're not saying it to like marginalize anyone or even Yeah. I'm just like, it's, if there's a lot of things different cultures have invented, or at least that's the first time people writing about history saw it.


Obviously people probably sat that way from the beginning, but Regardless. Yeah, it did. Yeah. French, like French, let's say this, let's say that the French were marginalized in the country and you could no longer say French kissing. Well, it's like, well there's nothing really bad about French kissing. It just means you use your tongue. And I apparently English people, that was the first time they saw that. Right. I, I don't know. But like, yeah, French kissing, that's a fine thing to say. They can own kissing for the rest of time. Yeah. I, I guess it's just a way to make a group that already feels different, even feel more different. You would be proud of me. 'cause I said my point and she said, yeah, that doesn't make much sense. And I said, but you know, what Monica would say is that would be fine if half the country we're Indian, but because there's, there were so few Indians and they're already marginalized, it's just another way to make them feel different.


So I think that's what Monica would say, and that's a good point. Oh, look at that. That all happened. You can ask her to confirm that The internet says it's usually because of lack of cultural knowledge that the phrases are offensive. But that one specifically, or just in general? It's under this one. Yeah. Oh, well also because I, I actually do think If you are really meditating correctly, I'm not sure if that's how you sit. I think you're supposed to sit like not crossed like that necessarily. Like your legs are doing something Crossed, but not applesauce. Yeah. They're, they're crossed, but they're not Chris.


I guess I just am, I'm, I'm gently asking if that might be an overcorrection, just that one. Sure. I mean, I think there are overcorrections all over the place. For me, it's just, why would you do anything that might make someone feel a little bit awkward or like they are standing out in a way they don't really want to when there's another option That's really relevant. But yeah, if, if American Indians feel bad when they hear that, then yeah, of course. Forget it. And They might also, I no, like, I, I don't, well, look, I don't now, but I bet, I bet when I was like seven and we were in class and the teacher said, everyone sit down Indian style.


I'm sure. I wasn't like, oh, that's really rude. And doesn't, they don't understand the culture. What If they all just looked at you to see how you were sitting and they thought you were, everyone was supposed to copy how you were sitting. That's the actual thing underneath feeling. Yeah. That's the feeling is, oh, they're talking about my thing that I, I somehow have to own, but I don't even know what this is either. Yeah. So yeah. Now House of Pain episodes, so there was 254, but then they revamped it in 2020 and now there's 362 episodes, Which is just wild. That's about twice as many as cheers. Absolutely. Wild. And that's it.


That's Everything. Oh, well, I'm telling you, this has made me so excited to come home and resume working. Me too. I'm my favorite job I've ever Had. I know. We're so lucky and we're so appreciative to all the arm cherries who've stuck with us and are gonna continue to stick with us this year. We hope we're gonna bring a lot of fun to the table this year. We didn't tell people, which I, I, you know, I regret, but we did a bingo. We have another day of bingo. It's tomorrow, but by this time it'll pass. But we did a fun game on Instagram that was a scavenger hunt. Bingo. And we're gonna do more fun things like that this year and more like community building.


How, how Did it, how does it work? The bingo scavenger hunt? You have to find the timestamp of, of three. Like a bingo card, basically. Like, hold on. Okay. I'll pull one up. Yeah, there's a three by three bingo card and you've gotta make a Row, but it's like, for experts, which guest did Dax appoint himself as part of the guest personal security team. So you like have the answer and the timestamp. Oh, so you would go back to Bill Gates and figure out when that was said. Exactly. Oh, I like it. That's a fun game. So fun. We have, we have a new member of our team that put this together, right?


Yes. She designed it. Her name is Sophia. She is interning for us. And she was recommend, She's a prodigy. She is, she was recommended to us by Adam Grant and she's at Wharton and we don't really deserve her, but we're gonna take her. That's right. We both read the letter she sent us, and we were intimidated by her intelligence in her over qualification. And we thought, well, there's no way she, she should be an intern for us. We should be an intern for her. Yeah. But here we are. Here we are. And I've, I've put her on some fun tasks and I think we're gonna have a lot of fun this year. Yeah. So welcome to her. All right. Well, I love you. Love you. And I'll see you in 36 hours. Yay.


Yay. Bye bye.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Imagine this, you help your little brother land a great job abroad, but when he arrives, the job doesn't exist. Instead, he's trapped in a heavily guarded compound, forced to sit at a computer and scam innocent victims, all while armed guards stand by with shoot to kill orders Scam Factory. The explosive new True Crime podcasts from Wondery exposes a multi-billion dollar criminal empire operating in plain sight, told through one family's harrowing account of sleepless nights, desperate phone calls and dangerous rescue attempts. Scam Factory reveals a brutal truth. The only way out is to scam their way out. Follow Scam factory on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Scam Factory early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.