
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Shepherd, and I'm joined by the lovely Monica Lily Padman. Hi. Hi. We just had some debate. I didn't know whether I should look directly at the camera or not. I know. Yeah, I I guess we can play with it. Yeah, We're gonna have to dance around a little bit. Yeah. This guest, I has been one of the few I have reached out to many times over the years. I know because he's, he was kind of a dreamy, like a Letterman esque.


Guess He's a big fish. Figuratively and literally. What a big boy. Yeah. Vince Vaughn. Tall guy. Oh, so tall. Tall guy. Cool guy. Sexy Man. Sexy man. Wedding, Crashers, dodge ball. All of it. Was it weird to see me look so teensy? You held your own. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Thank. You. Yeah. You did pretty good. Well, Vince is here today of course, to talk about Bad Monkey, which is out right now on Apple Plus. I just caught up last night. It's very, very good. It's, it's Noirish. It's hysterical. It's a vibe.


It's a vibe. Thank. You for saying that. So please enjoy Vince Vaughn.


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible, as you know. Every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed and just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of.ky And. It's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I Can't wait. And as an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax. Or text Dax to 500 500.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It's the credit card designed for iPhone. It gives you unlimited daily cash back that can earn 4.40 annual percentage yield when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Do you have a second place? We're building a place in Nashville on the lake. Yeah, it's smart. Is It? I think it is. I think It is. Well, you would know like you're actually someone Thank You so much. If I were, do I need headphones? You Don't have to. You Don't. What do you guys do? I Like it. I like it. I follow the crew. Now we're very intimate. Exactly. It dials you in And. it excludes all the ancillary distractions. It Feels more, it's kind Bedroom talking. It's Bedroom talking. It's intimate. Let's use the word intimate pillow talk. Okay. Wait. So you're someone that I should, and I wonder if you're good or bad at this. I'm terrible at availing myself to people for advice. I should have gotten mentors a bunch of times and they were right in front of me, and I thought I would be inconveniencing them.


So I never asked anyone for advice. But there's so many folks that are like that are ahead of me and they've done the thing that's happening to me. And obviously I should call them and be like, Hey, what if this isn't really what I think it is? What are the pitfalls? What's substantive and what's bullshit? You know? Does that make any sense? It does. Do you think that's cultural? 'cause I was similar. I would study people even if they weren't in our field, like what worked, what didn't work. But I would never Yeah, You never asked. don. Don't know what it says about how we feel about ourselves. But you wouldn't wanna burden somebody, Right? Like I've never called someone who there was a job opportunity and I could call them, but you're right, ego has to be in the mix. It's not like I'm just a saint. Oh No. Yeah, right. I'm not like a great person.


No, you're a great person. But we all have our stuff is fair to say. It's a compliment that you would have that consciousness, but then you have to go through that maze and not deny something that might be good for both people. Ultimately. Well, As you've gotten older, have you mentored anyone? Like I've actually had some dudes who kind of reached out to me and I enjoy it so much. I'm getting way more out of it than I'm sure the wisdom I'm passing on that they're getting. And only in having that experience, I was like, oh, actually those people would've enjoyed helping me. I thought it was be a big inconvenience slash I was always trying to pretend like I knew what I was doing. Do you have that at all? Like I was trying to act like I'd been there a lot in life. Yeah. Some of that's okay. You wanna be competent when you're doing something.


You don't want to be a burden again. And there's a balance. And. it depends on the environment of our age. If you asked a question, you would be singled out and humiliated for doing so. Right, right, right. Don't you think so? Yes. Yes. It wasn't like, Hey, there's no bad questions here. Go ahead and ask the question twice. That would stop the day. You would be isolated. And so we weren't really in an environment that encouraged question. Like it would always be, let me get through this. And if you still have something tilted in a way of like, only an idiot would still have something. Yes. Right, right, Right. Then come to Me. The answers in this denial of answering the question I know how much time you spent in Detroit, but certainly I've been in Chicago a lot. Very similar. Grew up. I Used to go all the time. I had cousins in Kalamazoo.


Oh, you Did? Yeah. Kazoo. Ksu. Yeah. Home of Dan Severn. Close cold water. Remember that Dan Severn I know from the UFC. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And he was a gold medal wrestler. Always Midwestern quiet. And then all of a sudden there, Matt Hughes from Illinois. And then super problematic in the rain. Right. I think there is something cultural because of our age and the lack of accessibility to the industry that for us, there was something very magical and very far away. Yeah, yeah. About anything entertainment related. There was something about where we grew up, the good and the bad, which was who could even possibly think that you could be a part of that? I'm sure when you left town, it wasn't like everyone was excited and happy and thinking you had this in your bag.


No, it was So Arrogant. But they were also sort of like trying to say why you wouldn't do well and there's no way you'd make it. Because that was easier than realizing that maybe they could try to do something they were interested in. it was easier to say like, Dax is crazy. And they were right for a long period of time, just to give them credit. You know, I had a long stretch out here, eight years before I got employed. They were ultimately wrong though, that your pursuit of that was somehow have anything to do with their life choices. And so that's interesting because you were willing to make a move and commit to something that's not an easy layup, but then you wouldn't allow yourself to get any help.


No, of course not. Isn't that interesting? It sure is. So you take the big risk, throw everything to the wind, but then you wanna do it in a way that's isolated. That's interesting. Have you reflected on that? Oh, Tons. What? And what do you think that was? Well, again, I think it's this combination of I don't want to seem opportunistic for some reason. People who are opportunistic, I dunno, my family, whatever, it's not a good look. It stinks. Neediness not a great look. Desperation. Ugh. It could be taking advantage It. Yeah. And that's Icky. And I did have some commitment to like loyalty of friendships. I didn't wanna ever abuse friendships. I did take that as something sacred. Friendships, but ego, right? I can't admit I'm ill prepared. I can't admit I'm terrified and I don't really know how to do any of this.


But I gotta act like I got it all figured out because it would be too humiliating for me to be openly vulnerable and scared and worried and all these things. Also, you equ into weakness. Weakness. And so now we're getting under the very core thing for me and I, a lot of projection gonna come your way, please. But I've been doing this for years with you. Sure. Vulnerability would be so dangerous. Weakness would be so dangerous. It would be identified very quickly and you would be fighting every single day. In my school, it's not an option. So I think incompetence or not knowing something is in a weird way, a sign of a weakness that I could be then exploited or harmed or hurt and I.


Don't know why, but from the first time I saw you and stuff, and as I followed you, I mean, you're gonna get real uncomfortable. Really uncomfortable. I'm uncomfortable. For me, it's Letterman, bill Murray, that's it. The Mount Rushmore for me as a kid. Next wave for me is you. You're it. You're my new Bill Murray. So I was so interested in you and followed the whole thing. and I think I made up a lot of stories about you in my mind. But then I come to know you a little bit and I think I'm not too far off track on some shit. So did you have a fear of appearing weak or potentially vulnerable? Did you feel like you were in a sitch where that could be problematic Or more similar in some ways maybe than you recognize and I don't know in exploring this that all of those ways of approaching this stuff is wrong.


It's almost like a boy named Sue. Like I think ultimately I was better served by having a very similar value system to you. If I spent my day trying to become undeniable at the craft that I'm doing. In our case it was acting, but it could be a, any craft I could be cooking or making cabinets. Ultimately when you weigh it all out, there's a big push now, especially for younger people about networking. But I always thought networking isn't getting better at what I'm doing. There was an acting coach that said to me when I was younger to the class, not to me specific. He says, A lot of people come out here wanting to contribute creatively, whether that's music or acting or writing.


There's a calling inside of us for whatever that journey is to create. But they end up meeting people and they become these cool bar hanger on, and then that somehow satisfies their need because they've become friends with people that are participating and creating. And they kind of energetically slip into that. So I'm going to the right parties or the right hangouts, but you're not doing it. And in a way, it was dangerous because you were giving yourself some ability to feel like I'm a part of this when you really weren't. And so I was like, I don't need to meet those people unless I'm working with them. I would avoid putting myself and making it like we're all great and I think people could misread me.


Sometimes it wasn't feeling better than Then. People think you were a Louvre, Maybe I was aloof or that I wasn't interested and they're right. I was more interested in my best efforts at what I was doing. I recognized that doing my best was success because I couldn't control getting the part or what happened. But I knew that if I did what I could do, I could feel good about that. I had to learn that. and I realized that even if something went well, if I didn't take the right approach, it bothered me. As we look at this, maybe we were right on some level in that I should inspire to be competent. I need not to be vulnerable in a way where I can be taken advantage of or exploited and I think with that journey.


and I only know from our time talking. I think younger stuff from childhood experiences we were in might be somewhat similar. And so I think the quest to get competent is important. Yeah. Was I more comfortable and conflict or someone being unkind to me? Sickly? Yes, yes, yes. I knew what that was. If someone was warm and believed in me, that's when I was uncomfortable. So that's not good. But the ability to say I'm gonna be value added, I'm not gonna be a burden. And maybe some of those struggles led us to look what you're doing with this show and writing and look at the directing that you've done and performances. I don't know that someone that didn't have those high standards on themselves is gonna do those things.


It's A bit of a paradox. 'cause you're right, I like where I landed, so how could I be critical of the roadmap that got me here? So in many ways, a thousand percent. But also I think I suffered in some areas where I didn't really need to. and I also think I learned some lessons the hard way that I probably could have availed myself to a little guidance. and I probably could have made the ride easier for me. Again, don don't even know that I want these. Right. But the most fascinating thing I think you said in that was when someone was warm and believed in you, you didn't really know what to do with that. When someone was confrontational, you know exactly what to do with that, that I relate to deeply. Didn't you ever have that feeling like you'd go over to a friend's house and their parents were cutting off the crust of their sandwich and you were real encouraging to 'em, and you were like, what's going on?


Yeah, these aliens, where the fuck am I? Like, oh really? This is an option. Oh, and they're telling 'em they're great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like, oh God, this is weird. But you know, as a way, I think in feeling this way a little bit as an outsider or not the first picked, then you have to find your own self love and belief and provide it for yourself, which is more sustainable. and I'm curious if you fell into this. You know, I love my parents and I have a good thing with my parents. Just a product of the time, two parents working their own lives, hard workers who came from nothing. They both came from single homes and they were just not gonna accept a reality where they weren't able to improve the quality of life for their kids. And it's you and your sister, right?


I have two sisters. Yeah, two Sisters. Okay. But I think life is hard. Things are gonna be hard until they're not learning to give a speech. There's no easy ride for it. You can have the Grevett teacher who tries to give you the right meaning for what it means to get on stage, but you're still gonna have to figure out how to deal with that feeling. Someone isn't gonna like your speech. Like you're not gonna skip those things. So the question then to me becomes what's the best version of facing those fears and addressing those and getting those skills. And there's more than one way to the waterfall, but usually someone has to really go through the stuff that's not fun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And face the pain and the rejection and move forward, you know?


But That's why when you say competence, it's kind of taking control. It's like you cannot like me, but you can't take away that that belongs to me how good I am. Yeah. And I also think it's feeling competent with how you treat yourself and others. The foundation of any quality relationship is there has to be a level of politeness and consideration and all the interaction has to be voluntary. You can control a situation, but you lose or be controlled and everyone loses as you get older. And you strike me as having this too. and I don't know where I got it from. Maybe I felt in some ways like all kids did hurting and places are alone. But I was super kind and super put a wing over someone who couldn't handle themselves to a fault.


And even with friends in town, let 'em stay with me, go outta my way. And as I investigated it, younger I was like, in my mind, I wish there was someone to do that for me. No one ever did it for me. Yeah. So I was like, I'm being the person that I thought that I needed. But then I realized they're not as motivated. It means something to them, but not like me. They're not as psychotically focused on changing their lives. And then you realize there's an ego in that. I'm not that powerful. As much as I'd want it for someone, I really am limited versus maybe saying a word of advice. There's not a 20th way I can say it to get them to connect to it. Fair, Incredible. And in fact, you just saved us. I was gonna lay about 32 breadcrumbs to get to the point you just hit, which is when I look at who you're friends with, weirdly, when we've had overlap, they're the same friends.


Yeah, it's True. We love Panay. Love one of a kind. Oh, I love him so much. He'll dazzle Our little Greek prince and Funny. Yes. I love him. So he produced Wedding Crashers and then I did a few movies with him. We love Dan Leventhal, don't we? Yes. We want to take care of Dan. Right? He's great. He's genuine and loving. Yes. And so when I look at the people that you're drawn to and I'm drawn to, there's a very interesting pattern. and I think all these guys, Donofrio, we both love, right? Love. They're shining so much love at me that I trust them. and I have a very hard time trusting people. But the amount of laser focused love that these people send, I can trust. One of the nicest nights of my life was a guy tried to fight Andrew in Connecticut and I was not on my watch, my friend.


Right. Someone has to have a real problem to want to engage Pane I know. Oh, you can imagine what he said. Pane iss. So great. He came up with a classic. He walked up to Pane and said, did they sell men's clothes? Where you bought that? Yeah. Dixie Cup line. Not even original. No. We're dealing with an obtuse Foley. Okay. Get in line. My breadcrumbs. Were gonna be like when you were a kid, did you love my bodyguard? Love. Love, right Love. and I loved it for him. I loved it for you. I loved it For the Giant. Yeah. But for the Giant, I loved it more. Such A symbiotic relationship. Ah, Totally. and I wanna be both people in that story. Yeah. Whether we are, aren't we? Don't you think? I do? Yeah. My bodyguard's generally been women in my life.


They're that role. So I have a story about us and I can't imagine it's the same as yours. But as I am owning such a fan, I watched Wedding Crashers in Santa Monica, a C seven on the Promenade and I remember loving what was happening. And about midway through, I literally thought, I'm not gonna try to do this anymore. This guy's doing every single thing I would ever want to do. And he's doing it perfectly and it's been done. I don't know what I'm gonna do now. it was that level of liking what you're doing, that it made me want to quit. So as I got to be around you a bit, I was quite excited. But you're very fucking alpha. And I'm very alpha. And this is potentially dangerous, even though I love you is still dangerous. And you guys did couples retreat and I was there just hanging for like the whole six weeks.


We were friendly to each other, but in my mind, we took a flight during the press tour and you and I were the only people that didn't fall asleep. Yes. We were flying to like Australia. I remember it. And we're chatting, chatting, chatting. And it's fine. We're both awake. And then at some point I talk about being in the learning Disabled room and I feel like I saw a whole new version of you come online and you and I just really got into what it was like to get called out of the classroom and go down to that room. My favorite movie as I saw as a kid, 'cause I thought that was me, was one Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Oh sure, Sure, sure. Did you love that movie? Yeah. Loved. I was funny. I got along with people. Kids really followed me. I wasn't going in the most popular crowd, although I got along really well with them too.


But I'm gonna play Dungeons and Dragons, I'm going to Wrestle. and I got along with people. But when I went to that class, I had to, well they labeled this stuff. It's a longer conversation. I'm not in agreeance with the journey that the government and everyone's taken with how we handle. Because I think everyone just learns differently and no one's gonna line up right next to each other. You could probably label and distinct how we learn so differently. I had an interesting journey later in life with that. But as it pertained to my childhood experience, when you're younger, they wanna have you tested. So you go to a psychiatrist when you're five and I, remember thinking they're gonna take me from my family. That's what I think is at stake. Yeah. I'm like, oh, I get it. If I get these questions wrong, you're gonna juvie. I don't know where I'm going, but maybe I was in first grade, so I was six at the oldest.


But I remember thinking like, this is really some high stakes. 'cause if I don't know the answers or I messed this up, I'm going away. Like I'm leaving my parents behind. And my parents never explained it. They said, everything's fine. The school wants to run some tests for how you act in class. I'm like, all right. So I remember, maybe this pertains to what we're talking about. So I'm a fucking 6-year-old answering questions as if it was the law, as if I wrote the book on it. Where does paper come from? And my point of view would be, well, we all know trees. The trees is where paper comes from. And that's what they do with that. So I wasn't just answering it. I was answering it like I was fooling them that that was the right answer. And they go, is that it? Vince says, the trees. I go in the machines, then they do the machines.


And the guy had polio who was interviewing me. His hand was like this. Well, when I was four, I put my hand at an electric can opener. I was watching my mom, I put my finger in. Whoa. I pull it down and it's just blood everywhere. Oh. And so I have a split in my nail on my right hand that I still have, which is just dead skin. It didn't grow back Right. Hold on a second. Are you guys doing a mic, a matchy Quin? Yeah. You see how that splitting right there? Yeah. That varies in how split it goes down. You See mine's a beautiful like dead in Middle. Yeah. Yours is Hardcore. Yeah. Mine's hardcore. Right? So when you're young kids will go, now that's gonna be a problem with me. 'cause that's not happening to me. Right. So anyway, that was a gift for me as my life went on at the time, I hated it.


But it really gave me a lot of empathy for that feeling of being attacked or persecuted for having something different. That's not a choice. Physical. Yeah. So I remember connecting with this guy where I'm staring at his hand and I go to him, don't feel bad about your hand. I have this tooth. and I reached out. So showed him my finger and he looked at me And you were six? I was like six. 'cause they were driving me from the suburbs, Buffalo Grove to the city to see this guy. And at the time they were just saying like, is he hyperactive? I guess I was borderline hyperactive for whatever that meant for a 6-year-old in class who was fucking living on sugar Poptarts, pop Tars, Frosted Franks.


And for breakfast, I guess I had a hard time resisting a joke and sitting still. But anyway. Were you also way too big? No, I was kind of tall, younger, and then I evened out and then I got bigger. But I just remember at that point that was what launched it. Where at first they said maybe he would be good to take a Ritalin. My parents, thankfully, I think I did one and I didn't react well. But my dad and I think my mom said it too. They're like, my kid's not going through life doped up. Which is a great thing because you have to learn how to process stuff. And so the answer became I would go to a class but not like these other kids. I didn't live in the class. I was in general pop. Right, right, right, right, right. Regular school. Yep. But I would get one period a week to go. I had a speech therapist and then I'd have to go to this class.


So when I go to this class, I figured it out. it was really good for me because as I got older then I would be like in fourth grade and there's a bunch of kids playing Candyland. Like, what the fuck is everyone playing Candyland for? Yeah. Like that's a game you play at five Team's a joke. And I first was kind of harsh on these kids. 'cause I was distancing myself. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm like, I'm not one of these fucking kids. But there was a girl that was super tall, she didn't talk. But it reminded me of like Chief. Yes. And Cuckoo's, as I figured out as a kid. I was like, well no wonder she's not talking. She stands out so much. Yes. Be invisible. So Tall. She's got bad posture that she just didn't wanna stick out anymore. There was nothing wrong with her on the blend.


She just wasn't comfortable. And then there was the kid who was more rural than all of us, but his family was like agriculture. So he had flannels and work boots and shit. So I started to figure out a lot of these kids could have been emotional. Yeah. Or just social cues weren't there, but they were great kids. If you had a friendship with those kids, like it meant something. So I became super protective and I started including them like in recess games. and I was so confident. Yeah. And So. yeah. Okay. Getting in a fight or verbally getting in stuff. I was like, no fucking Megan's playing kickball. She's on my team. Here we go. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I started to have that. So it was a gift because I knew that feeling. The difference was if you have some level of confidence or self-belief, despite the obvious information, you really can go super far and really accomplish a lot because you have to be really resilient and work really hard.


But the poor kids that don't have support from a parent or don't have any belief can get absolutely devastated. Oh, Ruined. I would imagine through different interviews and even the notion that you had loved the Stephen King book you loved as a kid Rage. Yeah. I saw kids get literally destroyed. There's no going past what happened to them in junior high and high school through bullying and the horror that could be. I just saw kids get fucking ground up and destroyed and had so much sympathy for them. It broke my heart. it was all around. We also had someone who spoke Faith over Us where some of these kids, like they'll go to the parents and say, well, I think we all know Larry has a hard time focusing.


If they're wearing a name tag that says Expert and you're dealing with parents, especially back then where there's not a lot of information. Yeah. And they're scared, Then they're gonna go along with these recommendations. I still see it today where there's parents who go along with recommendations that are terrible recommendations just 'cause they're the popular idea of the time And. that kid then is sort of believe to have not skills, but it's always that way. That could be athletics. That could be music. Usually what you find is the person that has some sort of obstacle that's gonna, for whatever reason, be resilient and come up with a psychotic program is the one that kind of can break through and have better mastery and self-awareness because you have to earn that.


I think by overcoming that, sometimes when it's real easy, they're not forced to do that. And so when that finally happens in life, they don't necessarily have those resources 'cause they just haven't been in that position. But That's a tremendous amount of empathy for a 6-year-old. Most kids looked around and they were like, yikes, that's bad. But I have to protect myself. At that age, we're all just trying to survive elementary school and middle school trying to get through it. And so to bring people in is very rare. I was raised with that. My mom would be like, Hey, someone's new in school. It would be pretty neat if you brought 'em to the lunch table. it was just in the water in my house that way. That's lovely. I just was part of who I was. But I also think you hit it on the head earlier, which is you were giving people what you wanted.


Was there an inciting incident? Other than that experience, which is profound. I kind of belong there. Like I couldn't read. I didn't learn to read till fifth grade. Right. I have dyslexia and those hieroglyphics. It's really nuts what that looks like to me. I got over it, it's fine. and I agree. I'm glad I had the whole journey. And then figuring out I was good at some things was like what gust of wind in the sails. Oh my God, I'm good at at math. Oh my God. I'm not fucking stupid. I thought I wasn't stupid. When I'm talking to dudes on the playground, I'm verbally advanced. Why is it I'm so stupid here? That's I'm and I on playground. I'm So confused. Did you feel stupid or you knew you were bright? Well, I felt like soon as you sat in that desk and they started writing on the chalkboard, I'm like, I'm out to sea. And it's compounding daily.


And now we're another step down the path. And at some point I threw in the towel. I'm like, yeah, I'm not gonna get this. I just have to act like I'm paying attention. That's similar to how I was answering those questions. Yes. You took on a survival mode. You were acting like you were overly on top of what the teacher wanted. Right. Isn't that crazy? And then at the same time, you really needed to say, I'm confused here. Yeah. And then Dax. And there was someone holding a slip. And then I'd leave the classroom and then I'd go to that room with Everyone. Did you ever have the experience where you knew there was a progress report coming home? You could hear the moment when a parent received it, you could hear the reaction of how angry they were, that there was a progress report. Do you remember the sound of your parents' feet when they came in from work walking and you knew there was an issue that was about to be addressed?


I got blessed in that. My mom, luckily for me, thought it was a genius. She's like, yeah, don don't know what to say about this report card, but I know this kid's a genius. So she didn't sweat me. We were fortunate to have belief in us. Yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes. And the kids that didn't, they're dead. Started to believe the worst of themselves. Yeah. And they get destroyed. Stay tuned for our armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace, the All-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We of course have our website built by Squarespace, by Wbi Wob. He found it very easy and intuitive. You've heard us talk before how we actually host our own website on Squarespace and we're so happy with it. Rob did a beautiful job. He used the templates. it was easy, fast, and its functionality is off the charts. Whether you're an entrepreneur looking to set up a site for your business or you've got a passion project that's ready to reach the masses, Squarespace makes it easy for you to get your perfect website up and running. And if you're selling on your website, Squarespace also makes checkout seamless for your customers. With simple but powerful payment tools except credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay and ineligible countries offer customers the option to buy now and pay later with Afterpay and Clear Pay checkout Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by BetterHelp. Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults, sometimes we lose that curiosity. That's why it's fun to take on a new hobby. Monica. It is. It is. Gardening for me this week. It's surfing. Yeah, you're right. Who knows what's next. That's a big one. Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, convenient, flexible, and designed to fit into your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. And if it's not the best fit for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. We love therapy. We Both benefited a ton from therapy. Yeah, And. we talk about it all the time on the Show. We swear by it. Rediscover your curiosity with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/dax.


We are supported by ZipRecruiter. Oh, get recruiting. If you're an entrepreneur with your own business like us, you know you can't hire just anyone. You built this thing and you wanna bring on candidates who are going to add value and care about your company just as much as you do. Great. Employees are almost impossible to find. It took us six and a half years to assemble this gangbuster crew right now. And thankfully there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy. And right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter lets you connect with top candidates ASAP so you can get the support you need when you need it. You can use ZipRecruiter's, pre-written invite to apply message to personally, reach out to your favorite candidates and encourage them to apply sooner, experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. Try it for free at this exclusive web address. ziprecruiter.com/dax. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/dax. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


I wanna talk about fighting for one second and I'll start with my career. I had an older brother, five years older your age. My whole life was spent wrestling him all day long. All day long. He wrestled me for his amusement. And then all of a sudden I started wrestling with kids my age and I went from, oh my God, I'm so powerless to like, oh shit, I'm strong. This is great. I loved it whole time through elementary school, maybe even a bully. I hate to say loved wrestling, loved getting into it. A lot of shit going on at home. I felt empowered. I started detecting around fourth or fifth grade. I don't think these kids like me. I think these kids are afraid of me. And I was like, oh, I don't like this. And my best friend at the time, clay, he was a bad motherfucker. And the two of us would go out and wrestle 10 kids at a time and I was like, clay, these kids are just afraid of us. They don't like us.


That's a wrap on this for me. Fifth grade I kind of pledge. I'm done with this. Get to sixth grade, start dating this really popular girl, this eighth grade. Boy I'm lying. He's only in seventh grade. I wanna be less embarrassed. Seventh grade kid hates me 'cause I'm dating this girl. Takes my bus home with me, gets off, tries to fight me at the bus stop. I won't fight him. I'm afraid I avoid that. Somehow he tries to wrestle me, but he can't do that. It gets broken up, you know, it's a sixth grade fight. Then I go to a buddy's house, I'm sitting on the couch at my friend's house. All of a sudden the door opens up and like sixth kids walk in. I'm sitting on the couch, Sean, he gets on top of me and starts punching me in the face and he's punching me in the face for what feels like 30 seconds. Okay. I don't know how long it really was, but I had enough time to think in my head, why aren't you fighting back?


It didn't even hurt. it was like, why are you frozen? Why aren't you fighting back? I thought about that incident every night before bed for fucking years. I don't think anything in my life has been more painful than that event in my disappointment in myself that I didn't fight back. and I made this weird pledge in myself. Like in eighth grade, I'll get any broken nose, I'll fight any man alive. I will never again lay in bed knowing I didn't fight back. It's been such a crazy driving force in my life. Like embarrassingly. So, and I've met a couple other people like me and I've asked them, did you ever ever sitch? I asked Connor McGregor, I'm like, you had to have gotten your ass beat before you take this journey.


And he did. He got beat up by some older kids. and I'm just wondering, did anything like that happen to you? Where does that come from, Rick? I'm not gonna back down. Yeah. Versions of that. My dad's culture. My dad's dad was a steel worker and had a a hundred acre farm. and I, remember as a kid going to see, it was like I unzipped a different universe. it was like in Brewster, Ohio. A lot of Amish families lived near there. So I remember my dad got real mad at me. We were driving in a Lincoln town car. My dad was a toy salesman, And. we were driving to visit his dad. Perfect salesman car by the way. Totally perfect maroon or something. But I was learning about the pilgrims. This was still in Buffalo Grove, so I was still like first grade or second grade. it was real hilly And. we were behind a horse in carriage and they were all dressed in black.


And there was two kids sitting on the back just kind of staring at us. and I was mesmerized. And this has gone on for a while and I had never been in this kind of environment. and I remember saying, why won't those pilgrims get out of our way? But I really, I thought they were pilgrim surgery. I didn't understand. My dad pulled the car over and fucking let into me. You're not fucking better than anybody. Don't you be a spoiled kid like that. Oh wow. So because my dad came from such a harsh background, his dad never went to college, worked on a railroad and then had a small farm, but he had to work in the steel mirror of the railroad just to keep the farm going. You know, it was a hundred acres. Wouldn't even have that. Now. He was real conscious that I was not going to be a kid.


That as he moved up into suburbs that I was gonna be elitist disrespectful to people. Yeah, yeah. Or think I was better. And he was also an interesting guy. Did real well, but hard as nails kind and funny. But I've seen him many times. I remember thinking sometimes as a kid, like, oh God, this guy has no idea the well that my dad has. Right. it was really kind of thought with it. So I kind of had this in me culturally just with the idea of it. So I was always good at, if the lines got crossed to a point where I felt like there was no return, I was gonna go all in because I was angry, I was afraid.


and I just wasn't gonna happen to me. I was on the wrestling team from the time I was in fifth grade. I didn't even like being in wrestling as I got older. I think sometimes the great athletes don't wrestle. 'cause you have options. Like you can play a fun sport and you're having fun with friends, Teammates, and not come weight. Yeah, We're sitting on a bus, no one's talking. Everyone's miserable. You're just waiting to go fight some kid in front of the school. He's like A Unitard. But I was always just very natural to me. So I did it in high school and verbally I was really quick. And then I had to learn the other lesson both verbally and physically, which was, was it worth it to hurt someone like that? and I don't like to hurt somebody. I really will avoid it at all cost if I can. 'cause I don't like the outcome.


I can see so clearly what you're insecure about. You have no idea how well I see it. And I'm going to do riffs on it and make up catchphrases. Yeah. And humiliate you in a way that will last for the rest of your own friends will call you this when this is over. Yeah. And so when someone would start with me, I would be like, okay. and I didn't have a way to go to like a five. I'd go to a 12. It would be like the entire class is laughing. This is what people become known for. But then I had the moment you had when you were wrestling those kids and realized they didn't like it. And so I had that moment where I saw this person in tears shaking, like traumatized.


And they didn't stop by the way they were swinging at me verbally and going after it. I felt safe. The room was aus. Well 'cause you won. This person was so fucking devastated. That was hard for me. and I go, did it need to go that far? I know they wanted to take a shot at me, but did I have to make this person face their greatest insecurities in a way that's humiliating. And so I have never gotten this right. And I'd be curious if your opinion this, I let a lot of things go, I think is the right thing to do. And now to a fault, I fucking let things go. There's times someone probably should have a consequence that sometimes I'll just go, yeah, it's not worth the investment. But if I go too far I can't sleep.


But sometimes if I don't do anything, that fucking bothers me too. It does. Yeah. I'm like, why the fuck didn't I just turn to this person and go, Hey I know what the fuck you're thinking. But then I don't feel good if I do that. I very seldom have ever landed in that perfect place of like, here's my boundary. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Right, Right. I'm saying So. yeah. Either of you. Do you regret on either side of that? Either going too far or not going far enough. But we're both sheriffs too. So we are sheriffs. It is hard. And there's so many elements in there. There's different realizations along the way. There's, you never teach anyone a lesson. Never. I Used to tell myself that I'm gonna teach this guy a lesson at this stoplight. He'll never cut someone off again after this interaction. Not true. He's gonna cut someone off in 10 minutes. So a I'm not teaching anyone.


He's just gonna look for weaker people. Yeah. To be meaner two. Yeah. Probably driven him to some 90-year-old Lady and he's gonna cut her off and get out the car. Get his window. Right. Exactly. It's like, alright, I know where I'm at in this ecosystem, but I'm still going to eat. He's Gonna drop down to the Minor leagues. Yeah, you're right. Crush a couple homeworks. Yeah. Yeah. Probably made more victims. You eight year old's got someone on your mind. Yes. And it's true. So there's that realization and then there's the realization that I'm doing this 'cause I'm scared. That's the truth. And when I fought, the reason I didn't have a good throttle is like, I really want you to be unconscious 'cause I don't wanna get hurt. Or I want you to fully lay down and say you're a God. I'm not coming at you. I'm not trying to hurt you. Actually, I'm trying to disable your ability to hurt me.


There's actually no anger but in a million fights. It's just I'm scared they're gonna hurt me and the quicker I can dominate them and not get hurt, that's the goal. And I'm doing that 'cause I'm afraid. and I had a childhood where people tried to fucking dominate me. And then I recognize the other guy getting out of the truck just as sad of a story. That's why he is getting out of the truck victims where People are in pain. Yes. If you're not in pain, it can't match. But that's exactly right. If someone's hurting, then you're gonna use this to solve the pain. That's not really real. And as you realize that, I think you're a hundred percent right. Right. and I don't wanna further hurt a guy that's already, clearly his dad kicked his ass his whole life. I don't wanna fucking add to that. Right. So just ethically I hate it. Or He's very powerless in some situation in his life.


And this was the moment that made him snap. That's Why I was wrestling kids to the grounds. Like I had a violent stepdad at home. So. yeah. I needed to dominate something So. yeah. I don't like any of those feelings. But You figured that out. You don't know that it's 6, 7, 10, 12 as you get older. You don't know that At 35. I mean it takes forever. And then a really profound experience. My father was dying of cancer in 2012 and I was going back nonstop. And, we were hanging And. we had a very challenging relationship. He left when I was three. He was around. But whatever. My father was never bested. Not on the road, not at a gas station. He had a fucking temper. He was as alpha as it gets me. And I'm looking at this man laying in bed and he's dying at 62. Oh wow. That's very young.


It's very young. Now mind you, he was a smoker. And he was an addict. He died sober. But regardless, I was looking at him and I couldn't help but recognize. Yeah. He was never bested, And. it kind of killed him. The endless rage, the cortisol dump, the adrenaline, the anger you lose. If that's how you go through life. Even if you're dominant and you win every one of those little interactions, the toll is heavy. and I, just remember thinking, I don't wanna lose the big battle and I think by winning these little ones, I'm going to lose the big battle. Well that's exactly it. Sometimes when you win you lose. And when you lose, you win. Yes. Hundred percent. That is the spiritual truth of life.


It Is in true confidence, in true conviction. And true strength is I'm big enough to give this man this victory. That's like the pie in the sky. What I aspire to. I'm not great at doing it often, but occasionally there's a guy flipping out in front of the house, right? and I walk outside and all the workers are gathered and this guy's going crazy. And he's yelling at other dudes walking. And so I walk out there and my first thought is, I'm gonna stop this from happening for all these people. Right? I'm gonna protect all these people. People are scared. And he's across the street as I'm crossing, I can hear his routine. He's really freaked out. 'cause he got a parking ticket. And as I'm getting closer to him, I don't know why, just on that day I chose, I said to him, I said, Hey brother, brother, brother.


What's going on? And he goes, the fucking party, they gave out a hundred dollars and I go, that sucks. You're the a hundred dollars behind. He said, yeah. and I don't know what the fuck and I go. If I go inside and get you a hundred dollars and I make this go away. Can we calm down? He goes, you're gonna go inside and get me another and I go. I'll go inside and get you $200. Would you be okay with it? Can you hang here for a second and just don't scream at anyone. I'll go get you $200. We'll make this go away. This didn't even fucking happen. Who cares about this ticket? He waits. I go inside, I get $200. I come out, I give this guy the $200. He starts breathing and I got my hand on his shoulder and I'm like, brother I know this is a pain in the ass. But don't put yourself through this on top of it. You already got fucked. Don't put yourself through this. You got 200 bucks and let's just turn the page.


Yeah, that's Good. And he walked away and Vince I was like, oh my God, I've had the power to do that my whole life. and I didn't. I Bet you did it more than you're aware of. You're probably more aware of the times where you, I regret Those. Yeah. Just being around you. I've never seen you not be considerate to somebody. You've never been a blowhard who's pushing their own. How cool I Am. Well, unless I get scared, right? No. Although you scare me. And. That was okay. I've you, I've I've always but, but I've always seen you be including the people. You're easy going with people, you're both creative and fun. But you also have a background where like sometimes the creative people, they would be intimidated by you just because of your physicality or your interest.


Even with people like that, you've been forgiving and patient with them. I've seen you say that to people. Actually one time you said, I'm the guy in high school you would've been friends with. I'm not the guy that was doing this to you. Instead of going like, let me deconstruct this guy's point of view in a way that's aggressive. You were cool about it. I've never seen you Not that way. Well Thank, You. But I just remember walking away from that experience and I was like, I feel a million times better about that than when I've neutralized the threat, let's say. Right, Right, right. I got there much earlier realizing people were in pain and to try to not react with it. That didn't take me forever. There were still some times where you would feel like this is not a situation that you can rectify.


But you're right. Even most of those, if you come from a place of recognizing that and take your ego out of it, you can avoid those and create a good experience. It seems like three of us are obsessed with justice in some ways. The most powerful thing I've ever done to the other person where I see them distraught is ignoring or walking away. Silence is so much louder. I've seen people just freak out if there's no response Because you're not playing the game out with them. I Won't play with them. I won't be taken you mud. Mud with them. And. that makes them crazy. Maybe that's passive aggressive in some ways, but it works to not engage. Yeah, you don't engage because you're not fueling the fire.


Pain needs pain to explode. That's right. Exactly. The really fun gift of all of it. What's completely all worth it going to the room and everything is, I can tell within 35 seconds of meeting someone, if they have that wound And, it makes me really care about them really quickly. Yeah. Yeah. And I think you have that in spades. That's kinda like the nice upside of the superpower. Yeah. Sometimes you gain empathy from things that are hard or having situations where you're not feeling like you are comfortable or confident and that's part of life. The one thing we're in charge of is ourselves. And as you get older and and go through those journeys, you realize that sometimes you have to be your own best friend.


If you get quiet, you know the things to say to yourself instead of draining everybody. If I have a friend going through a breakup or something younger, you just would sit with them forever. But then once you figure it out, 'cause everyone goes on tilt or they're hurt, you'd be like, okay, we'll take a couple days here. We're gonna look at this thing a million ways. We're gonna talk about it. Like let's cancel stuff. Here we are. But once we're past three days, we're done. There's no more talking about it. And that's what they've learned now with even kids with mental stuff. It's like the more you sit around and talk about a problem, it's like you're keeping it alive. Yeah. And it's hard to get Past it. Breathing life into it. Learning skills are great. What are the good skills to process things and to deal with stuff that we're hurting with some. Reflecting on it is good, but there's a balance where if it goes too far and you get stuck in it and you're not moving forward, it's bad.


Yes, I agree. I have one example where it was after chips came out, I was very depressed. it was six months of me going like, oh my God, it's two years of my life. And. it didn't open and I happened to have a meeting with Kevin Smith about a superhero thing. I just kind of was honest about how much pain this whole thing was and he said, you know what you have to do is you have to imagine going back and telling 12-year-old Dax, Hey, when you grow up, you directed a movie where you rode motorcycles and did wheelies and shit and chips. Do you think 12-year-old Dax would say, how much did it make? I wouldn't take that advice. I'm not wired on that. Don don't like that. don don't like that. What don't you like About it? I don't like that don don't like anything about it.


Nothing I like about that. You Hate it. Here's where I come out on that. Okay. Tell me. I don't like that. Oh, don don't like anything about that. I'm stewing. In fact, You have to have your own set of standards. That's always gonna be changing. Even like if I'm looking at architecture or something that you're doing here, I haven't explored it so much, but I have to take in and start for myself for how I'm wired. What do I like or not I know enough to know. I don't like columns. Like if I go in a home Yeah. And there's tons of columns. Rough. That's not for me. I like the feeling of openness. So I know that a column for my set of standards, for the things I value, I've investigated enough to know, like lots of columns in the decorative of a column is not something I like, but that's always evolving.


The more I learn, the more I know I'm changing, that kind of stuff. And so ultimately with anything that We do, do we want results? No question. But if it's our destination, you could become a liar. It's like what we were talking about. I thought I won, but I lost. I controlled the situation artificially. I outplayed everyone, but I really kind of maybe betrayed myself. and I didn't really take what was in it for me. So you first and foremost, as we go through the journey, sometimes we make the mistakes, all of us as people, where it's like I'm valuing what people think and then that doesn't feel good. And if you get too much rewarded for that, you don't know what you think anymore. Right? Right. You only trying to guess what other people think. It's part of the problem with school. Parents will say to kids, just write what the teacher wants to know.


I don't think so. What do you believe is truthful right now? Even if you might change your mind, even if you're young. I mean, you're 12, you're 14, you're 15. At least be honest and have convictions about what you think. Don't concern yourself with what the teacher has to hear. If we're exploring what's works, that should be the goal. And so the same would be in making a project. When you release it to the public, there's so much that's out of your control. We all want it to succeed. Part of what We do and I think, even with comedy, you want people to laugh. You're wanting people to connect to it. You know, you're not making it in a way where it's like, I don't care what anyone thinks. It's like I care first and foremost that I like it. And then hope everyone else has my, That's exactly right. Same sensibility. So I don't think it's okay for me to say, I guess this is more than I thought I could have done younger.


To me, my process is more like, let me get quiet. How do I reflect and feel about the work? How did I feel about the process? How did I feel about the people I work with? And now let's look at the separate thing, which is the marketing. How it got over was the timing, right? In the culture. It is true that there's things that don't quite click in a moment that later become relevant. And it's also true that sometimes things can click in a moment, And, it just caught the right moment. But it's not as good as other things. So it's so subjective. Yeah. Yeah. So for me, the truth of the matter is how do you feel about your process? And I know from with you and Dan and Panay, what you guys did could be happier. Right? What can I do going forward? Do I get ahead of that earlier?


And what some ideas and empower people to work. Yeah, You're still trying to crack the code. You don't give up. And then also admitting to myself, my interests are emotions, childhood trauma and horsepower. That's a weird combo, by the way. Pretty awesome. Thank, You, Thank, You. That could be the name of something. Fantastic, Right? A new cologne for me. Maybe your book I know. But I have to be honest with myself. It's like I made this movie Hit and Run. Super proud of it. It did great for what? I made it for super. But also, I have to admit, it's a car Chase movie with a huge relationship element going on. At the same time. This couple, they're deciding whether or not they're gonna really double down and commit. She's learning to a past to admit, it was a metaphor for Kristen and I getting together.


She had never dated an attic. She didn't date a dude who fought guys at the gas station crack smoking. it was a lot for her to like go, wow, is this dude really going to stay on this course that I just met him on? Big Leap of Faith. So the movie's really a metaphor for that. So you watch the Trailer And, it's like that's some pretty sweet car share. But then there's a very big emotional scene. The guy's like, Ooh, don, don't know about this. And the girls are like, well, I like that scene between him and her, but don don't know if I can get through all these car chases. I have to recognize that I am doing it to myself to some degree. But isn't That original in a way? Like that's also what gives it staying power makes it cool. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm happy I did it. Some of the realization is just admitting to myself. So my interest in doing both those things is a little tough to package for somebody. That's Fair. Maybe someone else, Michael.


There's not a model, but my goodness. I mean, I think we're at a time now where it's like, if everything has to back into what's easy to package, we're all bored, aren't we? Oh, yes, yes. So my point is, and then TV's the only option. Well that's a great interest and you're better to follow that and then say, how do I get that to the audiences? Which is getting figured out more and more. don don't think there's anything to admit other than what a cool unique combination of things that's authentic that people can appreciate. Yeah, I don't regret any of that. And by the way, it Did well. Yeah, it did fine. But you're right. I'm still always gonna try to figure out what's the thing. Panay and I, were talking after chips and we're like, we know at least one of the moments. One of the moments was when we were recruiting and people came those audiences, and they thought the movie was about potato chips.


We knew then it's an issue. Oh, chips. No one really knows chips. I mean, I love the cop stuff, but I was super psyched for a potato chip movie. So the table wasn't set. Where Are the ruffles? Where are the Doritos? Where are the chips? You had me at a Halloween party. I thought it was gonna a 4th of July. Backyard barbecue. So So we were like, oh, there was a clue. No one recognized chips as a TV show. We probably should have changed the title and made it a little more descriptive. Although for US, chips was Chips. Yeah, chips was Chips. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. It's time to talk about Bad. Monkey. This has been so fun. I had so many things. I want to talk about your Firebird. You drove for too long. Oh yes. I want to talk about you being on 21 Jump Street. We're not gonna do that. That's right. You'll have to. No, I don't mind talking about it. I did do a guest spot. I know that was one of your first things was Johnny Depp There could not have been nicer to me.


I remember overhearing a conversation with the producers and he wanted to wear something. and I, remember the producer saying, Johnny, you wore the turban two weeks ago. You can't wear that today. True. And I was like, oh God, that's awesome. And he was super kind, super warm. It impacted me and I think in how I've always then had the awareness as a young actor on set to know what it meant to me. But I remember we were doing a quick shot when we were walking out of a church in the scene, a quick thing down the stairs. Johnny said, you should stand over here. 'cause the camera's on that side and it'll see you. Now, I'm not a short gentleman. I'm like a giraffe. I'm circus tall.


And so of course when we go to walk down the the stairs, there's a cut and the director comes over and was like, Johnny, I mean, this guy's huge. You gotta get on the other side of this guy. And he said, no, no, no, no, no. Vince is gonna walk over here. And he went out of his way. Yeah. To put me in a position where he knew the camera would see me. It just meant the world to me. and I've always really admired him and liked him. That was such a nice gesture for a young actor to have someone Do that. Yeah. You're Firebird. How long did you drive the Firebird? This was a long time. Like way too long. Right. It became a thing probably where people were like, oh, that's This guy still color. it was a odd driver. don don't remember it. was it purple or blue? I think it's the first car that I bought for myself. I had gotten a Ford Bronco. I always drove this Ford Bronco, which I Love. That's a great look for you That those are my two cars.


I had a Ford Bronco and a Firebird. The Bronco's a great Look for you. And the Firebird was an exciting time as well. Yeah. A lot of Leg room. I just enjoyed having the Firebird. it was a nice time. Great car. You had made plenty of money to upgrade, but you kept driving the Firebird. I didn't understand what would be a better option than a Bronco and a Firebird. I have one question. Please. I would please kill myself if I didn't ask it. In my obsession with you, I had gotten sober at 29 in 2004. So I'd read these interviews with you and they'd be in GQ and shit. You'd be in a bar all the time. And then I know stuff, right? I. Know. People that know you and you are maybe the only person. I. Know. I'm gonna put Donofrio too, in this category, which is, it seems like you were drinking like a fucking pro at one point, And, that you got your hands around it and now you just drink socially.


That is such an enigma to me, because I feel like we drank similarly. And yet you got your arms around it. And I'm fascinated by that. Have I misdiagnosed any of those on either end of that spectrum? Maybe Slightly. Because as a kid it became cultural that people in high school would just go drink. And it was co-ed and hang out. And Canadian beers more potent. Let's get that yellow Bass. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. M Molson golden. Right. And so when I came out here, I wasn't someone who ever needed to drink. I really looked at it as like celebrating or part of having fun. and I really loved acting in the work. So I was excited for my days. I had stuff that I was interested in, but we probably drank too much on occasion. 'cause I just grew up.


Like that's what happened. But for me, it was more like I was always disciplined to the point where I would intentionally say, I'm not drinking for two months. I would give myself almost like getting in shape for a movie or having a goal. So I would recognize that this couldn't be part of what I was doing. And it was the same with even video games. I loved video games, but I could put it away and say, I'm getting up in the morning. The first thing I'm doing is playing this Madden game. And that's not constructive. I'm not reading my, That's not gonna take me to where I'm trying to go. So I Gotta put this away and earn it back. I remember playing those games. We would play younger, the adventure games on PlayStation and you'd sacrifice your life. You don't call your friends back. You think you're saving the world. But then the last frame is like a guy holding a trophy.


Like it doesn't mean anything. And you're like, what the fuck did I just do? Like it's a guy holding a trophy, but you got so caught up in it. 'cause that's my personality. So I was always very good at recognizing this isn't helping me. And So. yeah. I would go out and drink, but I never drank every day. I never drank in the morning unless we were like on vacation. I just had boundaries with it. And. it wasn't hard for me. I had other friends, well, who we were all hanging out with. and I could realize it wasn't easy for them. Yeah. And then I would go to them and say, this isn't fun for you. Then they'd say, who the fuck are you to talk? You were fucking drunk the other night. Right. I go, I know. But you're saying stuff to people that you don't feel good about. Yeah. Yeah. So there'd be a problem. Consequences. The one thing for me that was hard, I never smoked. Growing up. I chewed tobacco. Yeah, me too.


I just quit this January. So We all grew up chewing, you know? Hmm. Yeah, Yeah, right. I don't know what it was, but we were kids and this is what we did. But we were so fucking stupid. We knew cigarettes were bad. Right. But for our generation, then they started to have pictures in the school of people without a jaw. Sure, sure. But that wasn't at first. Right. But it didn't affect our win. So we were playing sports. The cigarettes didn't affect your win. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Right. So I never smoked a cigarette in my life. Now I go to do a movie and I'm in my early twenties and as a young actor, I'm like, okay, I gotta get comfortable smoking. I can't look like a guy that doesn't smoke. Right. So I'm fucking doing my moves and I'm smoking all the time. That's the greatest. And I'm buying the fucking cigarette. I'm coughing like fucking crazy.


Sure. I fucking hate it. But I'm like, you know I'm gonna be a smoker. The character smokes and I get fucking hooked on cigarettes. Yeah. and I, don't put 'em down. That was the one thing for me that took me forever to quit. But thankfully I quit one time. You didn't do the hypnotist, did you? No. it was a simple thing for me. 'cause I just, how my mind works. I realized once I got the information, I always thought it relaxed me. This is crazy. Maybe you can relate to this. But I was like, okay, it doesn't relax you. It's a stimulant. Speeds your heart up. I was like, this isn't doing what I think I need it to do. I need to stop this. But then you go through this crazy thing for anyone who ever quit smoking. Which is not something that's normally like me. But then your mind starts playing tricks like, oh, you're not cool.


Mm. If you don't smoke, Or you go to a movie and you'll see somebody and you're like, oh my God, are you kidding me? I'm not that. And Then once you get aware of it, you're like, definitely have to stop. So I had quit and then I had a cigarette thought, oh, I'm okay. I can have another one and then boom back on 'em again. So I don't smoke anymore. But that was the one thing, the nicotine that was hard for me. But the alcohol for me was social And. it never led to a lot of other harsher drugs. I just didn't slip Into that. Man. My recon then is correct on you. That was the thing that perplexed me about you. I'm like, this guy doesn't do coke. This guy's built for Coke. Been bad for everybody. If I did, Yes, But no, I just never don don't know why. And with alcohol, I was just always able to take that hiatus and say, I'm not doing it.


You don't have a drink ever. No. Right. It'll be 20 years in September. Sos fine. But I could Go have a glass of wine. You hang out. Yeah, you're fine. And I'm fine. and I don't feel a calling towards it. But you still have the occasional night where you go ahead too many like that never goes away. That's always a part of it. Holidays, birthday, it's never, It's never a good experience. Wednesday when you wake up And, that never feels good. No. We both were telemarketers. Yes. What was Yours? I would call and my father, who was a car salesman and sober. This is so embarrassing. I heard you talk about it on Letterman. I think yours is equally embarrassing. But I was raising money for the hugs, not drugs. Coffee table, circular. And you could put an ad in. So ironic. and I was 16 when I started doing this. I even went so far as the Elks Club was interested.


Like I had dinner with my friend in the Elks Club and I lied. I told them I had had this checkered pass with drinking and drugs and had I had this Hugs, not drugs, circular, I probably wouldn't have ended up having to go down that path. and I sold a ton of ads for the Hugs Not Drugs thing. and I don't know that it ever came out. Right. Yeah. You were all in I wasn. I was trying to make my dad proud. You know, sales, just cold calling companies. it Was the game. Yeah. Can I get them to buy from me? Yes. it was, you know, mine was, it was intoxicated Mine. Mine was the Lake County Sheriff's Police Rodeo. But we were like in, we were in a nondescript building in Waukegan, Illinois. I don't think there was a rodeo. As I got older and reflected on it. And, we offered, it was $20 for a family package of four.


Oh, I'm sorry. Are you and your family not interested in going to the rodeo? That's fine. 'cause for $5 you can, and this was the word we use, you can send an orphan no Oh. yeah. For $5 you can sponsor an orphan and the orphan will get to go to the rodeo. And then I would fucking hard sell people. And sometimes you'd get seniors who are like, I'm a senior, I'm on a fixed income. And I'd be like, I understand that, but it would be great for this orphan. You know, who's a no income? This orphan? Oh my God, Orphan. What the fuck is this? It's like Daddy Warbuck or something. don don't know. But I was like trying to win at the board. I get the most orphan sales bonuses. it was all about like winning. and I was 16 too.


I had a license. I wanted a job. I was pushing rodeo tickets and the fact that it was police. So that makes it feel authentic. Oh. yeah. And then it's an orphan. Oh, you don't care enough to help that child. That's the Genius Piece. This motherfucker probably picked up shop and fucking left. Oh my God. Oh. yeah. He was in the back room drinking fucking soup. This guy. Wow. He was a complicated gentleman. Did you watch the telemarketing Zocdoc on Max? No. You must Oh. yeah. Oh dear. It came out like a year ago. It's incredible And. It's all about the police funds. You know, the whole thing's. A fucking racket and it's a huge business. Yeah. Okay. Let's talk about Bad Monkey. I've watched it. I love it. Even before I watched it, I had emailed you 'cause I was so excited. 'cause I think the trailer was so fucking brilliant.


It's you and Bill Lawrence, who we also love who we're gonna have on. So we're doing a whole Bad Monkey week. You want me to set it up or you wanna set it up? Carl Heesen is a great author. It's a book he wrote about a detective in The Keys. It's kind of in the myth. It's like the trickster who can't help but pursue what is the power behind the throne. Even though it feels like it's elusive and you're not gonna get to it. You can't help but pursue it and believe that maybe you can figure this thing out. The stakes are real and the consequences, but it's comedic. The characters are odd. There are personalities. And it's got comedy in it in a way that's tonally really well done. Which is hard to do where you're not betraying, The world is real, and then the characters get to be kind of crazy.


Yeah. And colorful and I. Hope this isn't an insult to the author, but it's very Elmore Leonard to me. Yeah, I think they're friends. It's So. yeah. Oh, are They friends? Yeah. Yeah. It's got that vibe of like, you're in a paradise, but there's a seedy underbelly to the paradise. When you were growing up, I know for us, Florida was the destination. I had two grandmothers. One lived in Cocoa Beach. Oh, perfect. And one Lived in Hollywood, Florida. And a mini, a station wagon drive where we would land grounded because we were fighting in the backseat. Had you ever been to the Keys prior to this? No, not prior to this. It's Wild. Right? Very unique and very cool. I Just drove down there a year and a half. Are you A fisherman Or you fish? I'm not a fisherman. It feels like a failing of mine that I'm not. Are you? No, I fucking, It feels like a man supposed One time piece.


Billingsley. We went to a friend's for a bachelor party. And. we went to Florida. He fucking had the bright idea. Peter Billingsley, who you know, yes. That we would get up and charter some fucking boat at 6:00 AM He's A fisherman though, right? He's a fisherman. Yeah. He lived in the Keys. He does the spearfish. So everyone was up drinking, but we're up at six in the morning and it's like you go on a boat, oh over. And then there's a bunch of professional fishermen who are actually like setting the hooks. They're fishing. None of us are fucking fishing. We're sitting there. And then if there's a fish on the hook, there's a mad rush of energy. Someone got to go and grab it. Right? Phones come out. And the big moment is, you know, can Bob get the fish up with the help of a bunch of professionals, The Sherpas?


And he was like, this is amazing. I'm like, what the fuck? I go, why don't we get up tomorrow to a bunch of fucking house painters by their fucking painting a house and then fucking hand me the roller on the last thing and take a photo. We'll sit around while they're working. Like, what the fuck are we doing? We're seasick on this fucking boat. None of us are fishing. We're just waiting for some guy to get a thing. Oh My God. So crazy. If you actually go out and enjoy fishing. That sounds lovely. My childhood best friend who's still my best friend, he loves fishing and I just can't. But he's going out on his own and fishing. He's not sitting on a boat watching professional fishermen and then grabbing a rod. No, no, no. And then popping in for a photo op. Right? He's earning his meal that night that I like. Yeah. But the keys are fucking awesome. I was just down there like a year and a half ago. I went with a friend of Key West.


It is such a strange, cool world. Stay tuned for more armchair expert. If you dare


Manage pharmacy benefit plan costs for even more value, you'll need true cost introduced by CVS Caremark. Now you can get simpler pricing at the drug level so you and your members get more predictability. It's a new CVS Caremark model you can count on to help you make more strategic decisions. And because true cost from CVS Caremark simplifies drug pricing, you'll be able to create a plan that your members actually stick to. Go to cvs.co/t RU CST to find out more. That's cvs.co/trucost.


We get support from Dove. Hey everyone, this is your girl, Kiki Palmer, host of the Wondery Podcast. Baby. This is Kiki Palmer. Listen up because there's some messed up stuff we gotta talk about. Currently, race-based hair discrimination is still legal in some states in the us, which means black people are getting denied jobs, kept out of schools and losing out on opportunities because of their natural hair texture and protective hairstyles. That's just not right. But there's good news. The Crown Act is legislation which prohibits race-based hair discrimination in workplaces and schools in the US. And today's sponsor, Dove is a huge advocate. They're all about championing a world that respects and celebrates the beauty of black hair. That's why Dove co-founded the Crown Coalition in 2019 to advocate for the passage of the Crown Act. Dove and the Crown Coalition are trying to reach 1 million Crown Act petition signatures and hope to see the Crown Act pass nationwide. Join Dove in taking action to help in race-based hair discrimination by signing the Crown Act petition at Dove dot com slash crown. That's Dove dot com slash crown.


We all have that long nagging home to-Do list full of annoying things that need to be fixed, clogged, drained hole in the drywall or the ac, not cooling, but now you're able to get it done. Meet front door. The one-stop home repair and maintenance app front door lets you video chat with experts in real time so you can diagnose the problem faster. Fix it yourself right then or front door will send you a list of local pros to come out and help solve the problem. Now it's easy to cross things off your to-Do list and enjoy that feeling of done. Get unlimited video chats with an expert for $25 a year. Download and try front door for free today.


I gotta add this about you 'cause I've been in public with you. Walking through LEX. You and I got in a debate and we're walking through the airport. And. it kind of struck me your experience, which is you're so enormous. I don't think people really fucking understand how enormous you're, You're no Petia I know. But listen, you're a large strapping strong gentleman. But when people See they don't go, I think question that's Vince. They go, oh, there's Vince fun. He's 10 feet taller than everybody. Look at him over there and they can see it's like you're Shaquille O'Neal. Like they're in another terminal and they can see you and I arguing about fucking healthcare or whatever the fuck we were debating, right? In that experience. I was dialed into the debate. 'cause I like to debate, but then also I was also kind of above myself watching us walk through this airport and thinking, everyone who has walked through this terminal, they know Vince Vaughn was debating some guy about something.


So I don't even know if you can sit on the sidewalk and do some people watching. I mean, you really, that's My favorite thing to do. I can sometimes in blend in, it just depends. You know how it is. Sometimes you have Lot, sometimes No one's paying attention and you can kind of get away with it. Right? And then sometimes people catch on. You know? I think there's something with comedy too, where the people just assume they know us. Like I'm out with friends who are always doing dramatic stuff and people are like, there they are. And they won't go up to 'em. They're like, oh my gosh. But Vincent trying to out joke us or a slap on the back and you're like, you, I get it. Don't you find it interesting as you get older, having done comedies that now you're of the age where people share with you, someone in their life was in a lot of pain. That's the connection that's so moving and different now where people are like, oh, my mom was dying And.


we watched this movie a lot. It rips your heart out. You're like, oh my goodness, You were in the last phase. And Kristen and I were talking about this not too long ago, but like what is the juice of acting anymore? It's like when I moved here, I knew every line from Stripes. I knew every line from Fletch. They were my vernacular. The lexicon of my generation was formed by these comedians. We were repeating all the lines nonstop. You had that. I was watching you do hot ones. Your eyes betrayed you. By the way. The face was like stone cold. It wasn't affecting you, but the eyes were dripping. I Was enjoying the heat and I was experiencing the heat, but I wasn't gonna let the emotion get the best of me. You Couldn't have been vulnerable and been attacked by one of the cameramen. Very Midwesterners.


Yes, yes. But the eyes. But it wasn't until the last One, the eyes were Glassy. it was the last one when I poured it all on there. Yeah. I was like, oh, this is interesting. I could feel it was happening, but I was still able to weather it Again. I know I'm projecting, but But you're right. I did the same thing when I was on. I'm like, I'm gonna do an 11th wing. Has anyone ever done an 11th? Same playbook. I know. I know. Yeah, but your eyes were fucking Oh. yeah, So Oh. yeah. But I was still gonna persevere. Anyways, he was going through catchphrases. He was kind of testing you on which of these phrases are for what movie. and I was thinking, you've got 15, 20 that any dude, you know, it was the last time that that kind of happened. don don't know how you feel about it, but I bet some part of you misses that. That was such a viable, thriving domain of show business.


And another part of you must feel like, wow, I'm so glad I got in when I got in. and I might have had the last hurrah. Lemme just say this, you did comedies, Wedding, Crashers, $209 million. You did comedies that millions and millions of people saw. And now there's no comedies in the theater. Right? So I wonder, are you more focused on lamenting the fact that that has gone away? Or do you have a deep gratitude that you rode that last big wave? No, and I think I said this publicly. Get some young people and leave them alone. People have stories to tell. It's happening in standup. Yeah, It's happening in standup or things on the internet. Or look what podcasting did. I mean, it's the same thing. It's a glaring revelation that audiences want authentic conversations that are exploring things in a way that we all go through.


What you do in your podcast and what you've done in hit and run in the movies when you're saying, well, I don't know how I, I have to admit. It's like, well, yeah, cars are awesome and this conflict is awesome. But exploring those relationships and the complexity of people's awesome too. We're talking about our split fingers and you know what I mean? How do we feel about this or whatever. And sometimes just funny. It's not like we're being so important to try to do something profound. We're just existing connection. Yeah. We're connecting and we're growing and we're interacting and learning and sharing with each other. Beautiful. As the numbers are in, there's no debate here. People like it if they feel like someone has something to say or a point of view. We're all exploring, whether it's through song or conversations or movies, the human condition and people.


And that's fascinating and something that we're all on. So I feel like it's happening now. You see people breaking through. It's been happening for a while. And what you would love to see is in the medium of film people to feel like there was the opportunity to tell stories and have a chance for those to make sense economically so that they can tell those stories and I think it'll come back. Yeah. I think the pendulum Swingers too far. Well, people are dying, aren't they? I mean, you can feel it. Yeah. Yeah. The upswell in standup, I mean, the fact that we have a dozen arena performers right now, I've not seen that in my whole life of watching standup. People Still want that interaction. It's fun to explore human conditions in extreme ways. We're not suggesting it's a health video.


You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is a playbook to live your life. But you go back to the beginning of campfire stories. The purpose of the wisdom of the stories or the myth were these cautionary tales. And so that we could kind of learn The Bible's not a story of people making the right decisions. Right. We're learning And, we're dealing with death and consequences, and this is how these things play out. It wasn't to say everyone here's really kind, enlightened. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And so I just feel like people are the same now as they were from the beginning of time. I agree with that. I do wanna call out one person from Bad Monkey Meredith. I think your scenes with her are just fucking dynamite. I'm wondering, 'cause you've been at it for 30 years, accessing fuel for the motor.


Do you feel like there are things that are just race fuel? Because I'm watching the scene with you guys in the car in front of the supermarket and I think she's bringing something to you that Vince is like, oh, right. It's time to fucking party. Right. We got to go. We're meeting in a bark. Like, okay, this person's on fire and I've gotta match 'em with some fire Bill's. So good at creating these dynamics. So the scene is charged. But she's fun. Meredith Hagner. Yeah. don don't know her. You do search party. She was like the hot friend. She's so funny. Wyatt's wife. Oh, is this wife? Yeah, Wyatt's wife's. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. She's phenomenal. Oh, she's unreal. Whenever we had a chance to connect, she definitely was bringing fun points of view.


And there was other actors that were phenomenal in that. But you're right, Solid. She definitely, you know this improv is listening. Yes. And so she's throwing you so many curve balls and she's making so many unique, interesting choices that real you is paying attention and intrigued in what she's sending. Even the part where she's whispering, you go, yeah. Why are we whispering? Whether that was written or not. You gotta stay dialed the fuck in. And it's just bringing out so much radical Stuff aren't the same. I am really committed to that point of view, And that character in that moment, knowing what my objective is. So I'll go with whatever, knowing where I'm trying to go. Yes. So that's what it is. You're really listening and doing it. She's playing it like she doesn't wanna come off as snooty over how expensive the earrings are. Right? Yes. These are 10,000.


Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah. You guys are magic together. She's great. I wanted to ask if you think you've played yet the full version of yourself that's witty, sarcastic, confident, playful, but then also tender and vulnerable. Have you played who Kai lives with? This is the thing I really enjoy about being an actor. I feel like we all have thousands of sides to us. Kind of been referencing him a lot lately. But one of the things I love with the Breakfast Club Yeah. You love John Hughes, Is that you have these archetypes because that's what the kids feel safe presenting. Going back to our childhood. It's like, I'm the jock. That's who I am.


But there's no doubt the jock has an academic side. There's no doubt that he has a criminal side. So the fun of that movie was always, you're gonna see the archetype, what kids present themselves at in school. Yeah. The nerd, the right jock, the burnout to realize They're all just people. There's more crossover than they realize. They're all in pain and doing their thing. And there's, yeah. It's hard for everyone. Why we love that and why John is different than a lot of the guys that came after that made high school movies. And a lot of them would come out in the press and say, oh, we were just doing like John, this is what made John spectacular among many things, was in his movies. It wasn't that the nerds win in the jocks lose everybody wins. Yeah. Yeah. And no one else really did that. Where he saw life from all sides where in his movies at the end, you kind of felt like when the lights went on, more comfortable, closer, safer with people that might've felt from a different clique because he was saying his human beings we're all trapped in this thing that we're playing and we're all more connected and there's more of a similar experience than what we're presenting or what we're allowed to be.


And so connecting to what me and you were talking about earlier and us going on an evolution of going, that person's in pain. I'm afraid. He's afraid. Let me come from a better version of myself with more wisdom and create a great moment. The great thing of being an actor is you get to bring different sides of those to the forefront in a way that you're allowed to lean Into it, to indulge those. Yeah. Where Maybe in your own life, sometimes those are Not a good idea. Not you're right. So I became aware of those that I'm both super confident and absolutely petrified and whatever that alchemy that makes up how we navigate those things is still interesting to me. Why people do what they do. The heartbreaking thing, like someone handles something in a way to have pride or they're being considerate to someone else, and then really it rips their heart out.


It's really not the experience they wanted to have in that exchange. And, it just fascinates me. Just the journey for all of Us. Yeah. Very last question. I promise. I have been numerous times very grateful that I got two girls. 'cause I do not want to have the conversation with my son, which is like, you're gonna have to go fucking blast him in the nose. don don't know what else to tell you. You gotta walk up without any warning punch first and let it rip. don. Don't want to have to pass that on. don. Don't know what I would do with that if I had a boy, I'm not sure how the fuck I would handle that. Have you been in that situation yet? Yeah, I have both. You would be a great father to either boy or girl. And the more you have, like as much as you love your first child, your heart gets bigger once the next one's in your life.


You're like, Oh. yeah. I love you too. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Both my kids are great. My daughter's great. But Vern is super unique and he's both funny and creative. This is his fourth year of tackle football. He's in jujitsu. Okay. Okay. Okay. So he's on the path, You know? But he's also been in plays. Yeah. Oh. yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So I kind of just throw in front of them what their own journey is, but was important for me to expose him to physical conflicts and getting comfortable with that. Yeah. So that it wasn't something that felt foreign to him. That there's a difference between you really hurt And, that hurts a little bit. Yeah. And learning those lessons I Have to police myself sometimes. It's like I'm trying to pass on skills to them for a life they don't actually have. I'm passing on the skills for the life I had.


I think It's good too. You do? Yeah. I love it. I think it's both Kevin. No, but I think it's both. No, but I do. I think it's Both. Or maybe some compromise. No, No. Okay. Can I say what I mean by No? Yeah. And tell me what you think. Yeah. Yeah. You wanna have the skills if you need them ly, because I actually think it helps you avoid it. You never want have a moment where you're hurting or going too far ever. If you can avoid it. And most times you can. But if you're competent and you have the skills, I think you kind of avoid a lot of those things. and I don't mean just physical conflicts, but I sat with my daughter at a very young age and said, there's some people out there that are going to not be kind And, that are gonna take advantage of someone who they think is weak.


So when you walk around, I say, if you walk by someone, don't mad dog them and look at 'em aggressively. But don't look at them afraid. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You just look at 'em and say in your mind, I see you. Yeah. I'm paying attention. I know exactly what's happening and then look away. 'cause you're looking for someone to take advantage of. So I think it's both. You have to be aware that sometimes in life there could be conflicts or Problems. They're not gonna meet only nice people. But Aren't you saying the same thing, which is be ethical. Don't do that to someone else. If you're pushing someone into something or intimidating him, that's a terrible exchange. You're not winning in that. You didn't get anything in that. Like, I don't want my kids to be competing for whatever the social status is of the school and trampling on kids because they think this is important in the moment.


I want them to have real exchanges. The one advice I give to my daughter, which is about friendships, but it's also about life. And everything is a real friend is loyal. You can trust him, but a real friend lets you be who you are. and I think, because we had different interests with sports and plays and different things. If there was ever someone who would go, why do you like that? I didn't wanna be around him. Yeah, yeah. Right, right. But if someone goes, I like that about Dex, that he loves cars. That's cool that you find that much interest in it. And that's cool that you're enjoying that. Well, that's a real friend because they're not qualifying you for something. Aren't you having these conversations with your daughter? Is that the same Thing? Oh? yeah. I live for, I love it. But don't you daughter daughter's in jujitsu. She is. Yeah. Yeah. But don't you ever tell them like, you have to set a boundary. Yes. And don't let someone take advantage of you.


Yeah. Yeah. And then at the same time, you don't wanna take advantage of anyone. So it's just part of life. I actually think it's not kind to be lacking choice or competency. I actually think you can afford to be a lot kinder in life like you did with the guy with the parking. Right, right, right. Yeah. Yeah. If you're equipped, If you're confident, you make much better decisions than if you're scared. Is he a tall Boy? He's above average height. Yeah. Okay. Okay. He's super funny. He's a very empathetic, very Sweet kid. Oh, okay. I like it. Well, Vince, I'm deeply thrilled. I even know you. That's so nice to say. I love you Here. I mean, really, really. I love you. Really, Really. I'm inspired by you. It's very flattering that you give your time to me. So Grateful to get a chance to come and been listening to this and enjoying what you're doing forever.


and I, remember we got close to doing that one movie together? Oh, Oh. yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Lawyers, guns and money. Great script. Oh, Thank. You. Thank You. That was during my depression, by the way. That's my story. 20 years ago on Kauai, when you're talking about going fishing with Peter, me and my buddy from Detroit, we had booked fucking zip lines. Zodiac boat tour around the coast, all these fucking events. And. we would wake up so fucking hungover and we'd go on these things. And, we'd just be throwing up while snorkeling. I mean, it was a fucking mess. Anyways, I love Bad Monkey. Is it set up to do more? Yeah, it is great. Yeah. I hope you keep doing it. It's so fucking good. It is currently on Apple TV Plus it's fantastic everyone. And it's great.


It's beautifully shot. It's Bill, it's wonderful. I hope you come back again. For sure. Such a pleasure to sit with both of you and Yeah. Nice to meet and get a chance to spend the day with you. Thank You, guys, for having me Stay tuned for the fact check so you can hear all the facts that were wrong. I'm testing out my pillows. You got three behind you right now, Oh. Yeah. 'cause I need to be upright for my clothes, for Your closeup, for My, my cu God. What are our code names? Avocado. Avocado. What was the one for? Your face is fucked Up. Your face is fucked up. Oh. And your face is fucked up though. It means your hair is fucked up, Actually.


Okay. Well my fa my hair is fucked up. I didn't have time to do my hair. It looks cute though. Which I gotta like, I gotta figure out my timing. Yeah, Yeah. But also I have to be vulnerable already. Okay. Hit me with the vulnerability. Did you poop your pants? No, not Yet. Oh, I am on my period. Oh, It started. Yeah. My flies came. Congratulations. Thank You. And along with my period comes hormonal changes. Sure. I, I have Rollercoaster ride. Very sensitive to hormone changes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And my face always breaks out.


My face is broken out as we are. Monica. Yes it is Monica. Facts. Monica. Sometimes I'm not Seen. It's because you're not wearing your close up Sles Glasses. No, I actually, this is the only range that my eyes are actually still. Well, don't make me point it out. I mean, I'm wearing makeup, but you still, it's still there. And of course, I was like, eyes we're starting video. This is happening. Well, additionally we're about to go to New York. Yeah. To do a bunch of different press stuff and create the media package or whatever the hell we're doing. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm gonna, that's not the, where the stress is. Not really, because I'm gonna get into the dermatologist to get a little injection.


Is that high risk? Like right before? No, no. They've got this dial. Yeah. It's not, not an injection like a chin filler. Although I am I did that Was it. You wanna pump up a little more? This is the, this is the slippery slope. I know because you like it for two weeks and then you're like, eh, that maybe be a little More, I can't see it anymore. But when I was editing the other, the, the video I did text Robin say, I'm really grateful for my chin filler. Oh, tell I did get a moment of gratitude. I can tell on Cam. Okay. But, okay. So no. At the dermatologist, they can inject Poison. Yeah. Into, into a cystic Cystic. Yeah. Cystic acne explosion.


And. it will decrease the inflammation. It'll go down. How good does it work? Is it magic? 24 hours? Yeah. Really? Yeah. It's really good. Have You ever thought about like, why don't I just have this my Yes. I think about it every day. Yeah. Why can't you just shoot yourself up? I think It's illegal. Remember I ordered, I, when you go to the dermatologist and they, they're like cauterizing things off you. It's like they're burning it. Yeah. It's like Electrical. Yeah. Like for skin tags. And I ordered one off the internet. I know and I. I paid a bunch. And. it never came. Yeah. Never came. It never came. But that's my big dream is to have that in my bathroom mounted right next to my Mirror. What whatcha are you trying to cut off? Like, I feel things around as I'm like, you must do this.


Right? You just kind of scan your face with your fingertips and you feel a bump and you're like, oh, oh, what's this? Yeah. And then I, I try to scratch things off. I think you do too. Yeah. Like right now I have a, I guess they're called hypoplasia, maybe. Oh, hyperplasia. Hypoplasia. No. Hypo's. Not a lot. Hypo's A lot. Yeah. Hyperplasia. Too much skin. Oh. And they're just, they're little raised areas of my skin. I don't see it. But you would be able to feel it. Okay. don don't think you're supposed to cut those off. Yeah. You, you're gonna zap 'em off with the electrical unit that I ordered that's still not here. and I ordered it like two years ago. Yeah. I got another one over here. You know, I've had the dermatologist look at it and they're like, yeah, you're, it is fine. Yeah. It's a hypo or hyperplasia.


Yeah. And. we just zap, zap, zap. I'd love the sound it makes too. Yeah. Like it says the most gentle Z and then it's gone. So. yeah. If I want that machine, if I were you, I would be even crazier about getting my hands on some syringes. With this medicine, I've considered like going to dermatology school. Oh. To get, get certified. Getting a medical degree just so I can be qualified to do that. Also, aren't an estheticians allowed to do it. Which is not a medical degree. I Mean, estheticians. Yes. And just like I said, aestheticians, they, that's what I said.


They're allowed to do it. Right. And that's what a two year degree, like a motech, like a diesel mechanics type All to say, here we are on video. Sure, sure, sure. And I'm about To do a bunch of Yeah. Photo shoots. But really I'm just, I can't, I can for a photo shoot or something, I can do tricks. I can go do these injections or whatever. Oh, okay. But we're, we're gonna for life record, like every day for life. Yeah. and I can't control every day. Right. And I'm very self-conscious. But listen, I'm sorry. A, I'm sorry. You're self-conscious. BI don't see any outbreaks. Not to minimize your experience. C it's possible this will be the actual permanent cure.


Yeah. Which is, it's untenable. There's no way you're gonna be able to fucking I know care, worry and care every day. I Know. This might be like submersion immersion therapy, whichever one it is. Hypoplasia hyperplasia therapy. Yeah. And like in three weeks you're gonna be like completely liberated. And then what if it goes away? A what if it goes away? B, what if you start looking insane? Like even I underestimated how much stuff you're doing to put yourself together. And then what? You just start coming there. Like Tufts of hair we're missing. You're a one eyebrow gone. Yeah. Could Happen. Hair billow outta your nose. At what point, what would it have to look like for you to say something?


Ooh, I don don't know that. I don don't know that. That would be my position. Well, What if I like How, I mean, think, I mean, imagine how you would take me going like, Hey Monica, I say this as your friend. You look like shit. No, you can't s You really look like, Obviously you can't say it like that. Listen, Monica, you know I love you and you know, I think you're a wonderful person. You look like you look like shit. Yeah. That's bad. Yeah. I can't even hear it. Even when you pretend it's a joke. Yeah. No. But remember last week you said, did you get enough sleep That had nothing to do? I know That was about my mood. Yes. 'cause you were very upset about a trip you had previously been very excited about.


I wasn't very excited. I was like a little, I was kind of excited. The Initial pitch in the deck when you mapped out your day in Santa Monica. To me you were very excited about it. Well, And then you were very not looking forward to, it was you were grumpy. Yeah. And yeah. And, that was too dangerous. And yeah. and I probably, I won't ask if you've, if you had a bad night's sleep, You think I had a bad night's sleep last night? No, I don't. Like a horrible thing to say would be like something that implies you are grumpy. And I'm like, the subtext is something must be wrong. Yeah. Because you're not, You're not a grumpy person by Nature.


Not you're a grouch. You're not Oscar of the grouch. Yeah. And so I then get concerned and then I start guessing. And maybe the guessing that Part's Yeah. Is where we should lay off. Yeah. That's where you need to take a step back. But I guess here's how, if I looked like I was on drugs, would you say anything? You know, you and I have long had a different opinion about this. Yeah. No. If you come to me and you say, I'm struggling. Yeah. and I need help, or I need advice, then I'm like, I'll drop everything. And that's all we'll do to, we've got a solution on the table.


But no, I i I don't think it's, I don't think it works for me to go, I think you're going down the tubes or something. Or also when you're in that state, it's not gonna work. Like, did you have a rough night's sleep, didn't go well and we're fine. You're not even a drug addict trying to like, hang on to this thing and hide and you add all those layers. The, it just, there's no way it would be received. Yeah. It's a total waste of time. And then you potentially burn the bridge when you do need help. And you feel like I, you could come to me and I'm not gonna be judgemental. Like we've already, I've now inflamed your defenses because I came to you before you were ready.


It's so unfair though, to who I think Who's the victim in this? I forget. I think it's un I think you should be rewarded for seeing, seeing me. Yeah. And saying, Hey, I, I'm, I'm noticing something feels a little off here. I'm, I'm here if you wanna talk about it. Right. That's a very nice delivery of that. Okay. So let's, let's this, let's go back to you being grumpy about Santa Monica. Okay. Ugh. Oh, no, no, no. I just really don't wanna go to Santa Monica today. Hey, I'm noticing you don't want, I'm noticing you don't want to go to Santa Monica today.


And you previously wanted to go to Santa Monica really bad. And if there's anything going on you wanna talk about I'm here. I never wanted to go to Santa Monica. I mean, I ki I wanted to go to visit Molly, but then she's Not. Okay. You weren't, you're right. I was Aisha You're right. So. yeah. You would just say that you weren't previously, but that's the true you had to, you wouldn't have scheduled it at the time you, because here's what happened. You scheduled it at 4:00 PM and I was like, that's a bizarre time in my opinion, to go to Santa Monica. Yeah. And you go, no, I love it. I spend the whole night there and I get, I'll get, I'll go out to eat at a favorite restaurant and I purposely do it that way so I can have a night in Santa Monica.


Okay. I think there are some half truths in there. Okay. Which are, There are so many times in which we could roll back the tape of, of our lives. Rob put up the tape. I mean, I guess here we will Be. Yeah. We have a video. Oh my God. That could, that would ruin everything. This is great. But I, I have to go to Santa Monica. I don't wanna go to Santa Monica ever. Yeah. No one does. Even the people that live there. Yes. But if I do have go Yeah. For my face. Yes. Which I don't wanna have to do, but I'd have to do. Yeah. Then I'm, I do think, how do I make the most of this situation? Because You wanna make lemonade out of it. Yeah. And you have to plan it so specifically because otherwise it's an hour and a half back and My god.


Yeah. So that's when I try to make lemonade Around the corner. Fudge is made. And I schedule a dinner. Yes. With my friend who lives there. My one friend who? Molly Richardson. That's right. Yeah. And she happened to be in Hawaii. Yeah. But you didn't, didn't you already know that? I didn't because you, you were gonna go to that. I was Supposed to. Well that was also, I think I was also sad. I wasn't there. Okay. Okay. So there's a lot of layers to this. Everything's layered And I, but it's Shocking. I'm such an onion. It's shocking to me. it was shocking to you that Molly was in Hawaii when you made this plan because you yourself were gonna be there. I just really wasn't thinking that much about it.


Did you get a good night's sleep the night before that morning? Where had you gotten We never got to whether you did? I Didn't. Oh my God. This is, is this for Vince? Yeah. This is really funny because this is a runner in the show, which is, he like meets this pathologist. She works for the police department. She's a coroner, whatever, pathologist. And they start working on the case together. And their first time, like out in the morning, he comes back to the table and he has brought a black coffee for himself and a coffee for her cream, two sugars. Oh.


And he goes, oh, I got it for you. I got cream, two sugars. And she goes, W why cream? Two sugars? He's like, I just, I had a feeling it was cream, two sugars. And she's like, no, I like it black. Oh. And he goes, oh, okay. You like it black? I find that hard to believe, but okay. You like it black. And then as the show progresses, he keeps getting her black coffee. And finally she goes, I don't like it black. I like it with cream and two sugars. and I hated that. You were right about it. And now I've been drinking. Yeah. Oh my God. Sim Yeah. So it feels kind of maybe a little bit like that. What had happen on that night? I did. Now we can revisit I. did I did not get a good night's sleep that night before.


What had happened. What had happened was, was it, were you on one of your marathons, your binges or couldn't fall asleep or woke up with anxiety? I had a lover over I did, Unfortunately, later to The Morning was not the latter. Okay. I don't remember the details. Yeah, I remember when you said it. Yeah. That I thought, yes, that's true, but that's not what's going on here. Right. So I can't admit it. Yeah. That here I am. But now we are some, some weeks later. I slept pretty well last night. You did? Yeah. Okay. I'm struggling the last few nights I've been waking up in the middle of the night for very long periods of time.


And, it is all the stuff coming up. Yeah. There's a lot of stress. And I guess a press two. I haven't done one in a while. It's, you know. Yeah. But You like doing, I like when I get there, this is the story of my life. There's tons of things I am like ruining Ru the day. Ru the day. And of course when I'm there, it's like, I'm, I'm fine. I have fun everywhere I go. Yeah. but Yeah, I build it up. And again, it's the stupidest anxiety. It's like I gotta get outfits together. Yeah. I gotta, and I gotta do better than I have in the past. You know? There's these memes of Kristen and I. They're pretty funny. I gotta applaud the people that make them. What?


When Kristen and I have done press tours, which we've done a bunch of them together, you'll wake up in the morning, you're at Good Morning America at like five 30 in the morning. Then you go to the View, then you go to Rachel Raven, you go to what? And they come 1, 2, 3, 4. Yeah. Like, starts at five 30 in the morning and just doesn't let up to 1:00 PM Well, I get dressed and I go. Yeah. And Kristen has a change for every one of those appearances. But I am in the same thing. Yeah. And people have clocked that and they make memes, And. It's like, Dax, no, I'm gonna stick with this outfit. It's kind of funny. But also I'm embarrassed. Is her feelings. Well, I'm just, I'm a little embarrassed 'cause clearly she's doing it correctly and I'm probably doing it incorrectly.


No, no, no, no, no. She's doing it. She's doing it to match her style. I mean, it's annoying after have get in all these changes. Oh. yeah. Oh. yeah. But she wants to look cute and look different and have all these looks. Yeah. She actually has lots of outfits. She can't wait to wear in public. Yeah. So you don't, I Have like, like a single outfit. I know, I feel comfortable and in public and I hope everything's on one day. So I have a reason. I I like that. You are you. Well, it's funny you you say that 'cause I was thinking I gotta, I gotta change my shirt at least. Really between these many morning things I'm gonna do. I Mean, it's up To you now. Hopefully people will be looking for this. Stay tuned for more armchair expert.


If you dare.


Every day is a great day when you're not worrying about your appliances and home systems. And that's what you get with an American Home Shield warranty. With American Home Shield, you can protect your home and wallet from unexpected breakdowns like leaky faucets or faulty water heaters or wonky thermostats. Now that's something to celebrate when it comes to protecting your appliances and home systems. Don't worry. Be warranty for 20% off plans. Go to ahs.com/ Wondery for more details. C ahs.com/contracts for coverage details, including limit amounts, fees, limitations, and exclusions.


I am not, I, I'm not certain where I've landed, but luckily I do. Here's what I did think once I was awake again, this is the thing with me and nighttime anxiety in the middle of the night, I can't solve anything. I'm like an idiot, don don't. I don't have a solution. Its course, it's, it's, it's insurmountable. Our Brains aren't working in the same way at Night and I'm just in a fear cycle. Yeah. So it's like I can't even solve these things. Well this morning I woke up couple things. I'm like, I'm probably gonna take an antidepressant for this week. Like, because I know that's not how They work. Well It is. And I'll tell We can, let's hear. Okay. The reason I had been prescribed it in the past was like leading up to chips. I started having so much anxiety about the thing starting and I couldn't get sleep. And that's when I went on it.


And, it works very quickly for me and even my psychiatrist. Like it is interesting. I've never heard anyone using it acutely yet. It's working for you. So I kind of sign off on this Sound off folks. So at any rate, I wake up this morning and I go, okay, calm down. You have two God's true cashmere button-ups that you love, that you love. Those are suitable, right? For daytime television? I think so. I mean, it'll be hot. Well wear a, a tank underneath and I only you bring it. I'll live in a tank top. Sure. What if you forget a guine tea? What If you forget to put it on and you wear your tank top?


You're welcome ladies. You're welcome Ladies of the View. Yeah. So I was like, okay, and then I have the beautiful Burberry gray sweater you bought me. Yeah. It's Beautiful. And I was like, okay, that's great. That'll work on one. Like maybe Drew, You are gonna be so sweaty. Yeah. I Know. None of this is gonna work. And then, and then now here's my other dilemma. I only have a one suit that I have never worn on tv. And the reason I have it is the last time I was on Kimmel, I had gone in normal clothes, not a suit for the first time in a long time. and I said to him, Hey, I, I, sorry I'm not in a suit.


I like to wear a suit when I come to your show, I'm out of them and I'm afraid people are gonna start noticing I am wearing the same thing over and over again. And so he Best Boy of the Year award stop bought me a beautiful suit and sent someone over to tailor it. So I have this gorgeous He is, No, he's number one of all times. So it's impossible. Can you see This? I can see our best boy. He's just kind of, he's now, now he's hovering above us. He's Yeah. Yeah. Reminding us to be the best boy. But now I have this ethical dilemma. 'cause I'm doing Seth Meyer while I'm there. Oh, I'd like to wear a suit don. Don't think, do You wanna take that again Myers? Yeah.


I'm doing Seth Meyers. Let's just say what happened. Here's what happens. I do say Seth Meyer instead of Seth Myers I know. And it's because I know I add S's to things being a Michigander I know Kmarts, Walmarts, Ford's I know Cedar's Point Is, but then you're doing the opposite And that. Right. 'cause I think, well certainly there's not plural Myers. It's, it's gotta be Seth Meyer I Know. But it's not, it is Meyers. But I'm Overcorrecting And he's a good, he's a friend. He's a friend and a good boy. But I don't call him by his last name. So that part don don't feel I've never fucked up Saf. Okay. So I have an ethical dilemma. I see. Because clearly I should wear this suit for the first time on Jimmy Kimmel.


I agree. Because he got it for me. Yeah. So then I'm like, I don't have a suit. Okay. Because the thing is, if Jimmy heard this, he would say, of course wear the suit. I got it. For you to wear to have a suit. Yeah. But that's exactly why you shouldn't. Exactly. 'cause he's so good And there's so little I can do in return. Yeah. So at any rate, there's the suit debacle all to say, I think I might take an antidepressant today. Wait. and I don't advise anybody. Yeah. To use an antidepressant the way I am going to use it. But I've already had the long conversation with my psychiatrist about it. You have? Yes. I just told you, I told that. I thought You meant, wait, did you have it now?


Or you had it when you were doing chips? When I was doing chips, we went on it for the sleep thing. It worked then over time, I, what do they call that? They call it Weaning off. Yeah. But there's a great name, tapering name. No titrating. Titrating. Titrating. I have titrating off And that we're talking, you know, this is over the course chips was what, eight years ago? Yeah. Or something A long time ago. And in that period I had gone off. And then occasionally I would use it as I was having anxiety as something's approaching and I. I said to him, I'm doing that. Okay. And he, and this is the conversation I just said, he's like, okay, I've not heard of people doing it acutely, but you're doing it.


It's not damaging. Okay. And, it's working for you. So I don't have an objection to it. There's nothing very dangerous about what you're doing. So, Okay. I haven't said his name in case anyone disagrees with That. I'm not getting him or her her in trouble. So I guess that, I think that's gonna be my attempted more, more on that later. I'll tell you how it goes. Okay. Yeah. don don't know about it. It scares you, Doesn't it? Yeah, it does. Yeah. Someone on them. Sure. But, but does it relieve you at all that I've done this a million times in the last eight years. Yeah. I just don't know if overall it's good for you to be on and off of them like that. His Now look, I'll tell you, in his defense, her defense, she, she did say that's not how they work.


They build up over time and start working. Exactly. and I said that's fine, but I'm taking 'em. and I don't wake up with anxiety. Yeah. And so we would both acknowledge the placebo effects real. So if I'm, if I'm experiencing the placebo effect, but I'm getting the result I want, then who cares? And he said, that's exactly why I'm saying it's fine. Mm. He, because I don't really think mechan, mechanistically, they work that way. Yeah. But then you're putting hormones in, Well not hormones. A SI mean you're you blocking as Yeah, exactly. You're inhibiting blah blah, blah, blah. For no Suber therapy Reason Other than I don't wake up in The middle of night I don placebo. But then why don't you have them prescribe you Sugar pills?


Yeah. Well I'll know there's sugar pills. Okay, well Like for you, maybe they could listen right now and prescribe you your SSRI. Well listen, you're saying they don't work and you don't believe in that and that's great. I do believe it. And there's, there's no reason for me to give up that belief 'cause it has had the result I desire, which is sleeping through the night, not waking up with anxiety. I know. But I'm saying the long-term effect might be bad. Well, no. Be. Well, a, I think she or he would've pointed that out. She or he was not concerned at all. She does not care about you. They do care about me.


And how dare you And my mom is my psychiatrist I know. Did I not say that? The shepherds are notorious for prescribing things and I know doctor doctoring, I know I Know this. Yeah. Well, I might in my retirement, go get an MD just as a fuck you to everybody, you know, annoying. That'll be so actually a doctor and you guys can no longer Say, can you, if you're gonna do that, can you get it in dermatology? So then you can get do my injections. I'll, I'll get a whatever one is the broadest net. Ugh. I think dos, they can maybe do more, they're more willy-nilly. They can do more stuff. Fine. Because I admitted my sleep thing.


Yeah. So I want you to, I happen to know that you were offered a stylist that you turned out. Yep. That's true. So why? Because I have, on a few different occasions, I have, and I gotta be delicate about these. 'cause people are still around. I have at times been a part of movies or shows where they did have a budget for a stylist and I used it. and I am just too picky. It's not their fault. They're great stylists, but I feel like I end up looking like some other guy that is a good Oh.


yeah. Example of it And, it just, You don't feel like you Don don't feel like me. And so I'd rather like take the three things I've cobbled together that I love. Yeah. and I think are very me, but like new clothes that I just saw is almost, it's just antithetical. I get That. Yeah. I get that. Okay. That's fair. What did you think was the reason I said no? Well, don don't know, but I'm like, you're, you're up all my Night. Like I'm blue collar or something, I Guess. I mean, you're up all night worried about what to wear and there was a Yeah, there was a turnkey option for you. I'm Gonna get more granular. Okay. Because again, these, these anxieties, they're completely baseless, right? Yeah. They're, I'm not making an argument for that. These are things that should be worried about.


Part of the rumination is simply how I'm transporting these things there and then I'm gonna have to iron them. Yes. Now this is all solvable, right. But I'm already panicked. I know. But I'm bringing clothes that presumably shouldn't be wrinkled. And I'm using a suitcase. And then I've been like, I'll be at three in the morning. I'm like, I gotta get my hands on a garment bag. What does a garment bag do to your carry-on limit? Can I have a backpack and a garment bag? Will I forget the garment bag. I mean, it's madness. It's just anxiety about doing stuff I haven't done in a while. Yeah. And it's, it's trying To get control, right? It's A landing on these objects and these things. But it's just a generalized anxiety. But it's, It's gonna be, it's great.


I'm gonna get to New York and be elated. Yeah. I'm gonna be so excited and energized and feeling spunky and spry. Yeah. And youthful and I won't care about anything. Exactly. I'll be eating Emmy burger. I will be up. Bubbies are We gonna hang? Yeah, we should, we should go get some Emmy burgers together. Yeah, I should for sure. Okay. And we're working together. So. yeah. Okay. Yeah. You've elected to stay in opposite sides of the city. Wherever I'm at. No, no, no, No. Yeah. So no, that's gonna compound the travel time a little. That's not true. But when I stay uptown, you're gonna stay downtown. And then when I go to downtown, you're gonna go uptown.


I'm not going uptown. When you're not down downtown, You're never going uptown. No, I'm not going uptown. Oh, I'm just staying downtown. Right, because you're more of a downtown girl. I JLo downtown girl, girl from the block. Yeah. I am actually no, Jimmy from the, I love, normally I stay a couple days up, up, up, up, Up, up to Upper East Side. Yes. The office. Real uptown. Yes. Uptown Girl. We're not doing that this time. Do you know that today? Oh, oh, it was gonna date us. Okay. But today I posted a little clip of us testing this space. Oh, I didn't see you got A clap.


Okay. A little, little clip. And, and I looked to see quickly. I just did a quick glance, Just a real cursory glance. Cursory glance of those comments. Just quick. They're almost, I will say since we've been airing all of the emotional turmoil Yeah. They've gotten almost preposterously positive about like now it's ti Well That's nice. That's what we, It's Yeah, it's nice. It's nice. But it has tipped where it's now it's like, it's a lot of monologues about how much they love you, which you deserve. Well that's very kind. But it was just a big swing. So I think it's very safe. Well, I think that's good for the world. We should be trying to get more to swing Positive. Yeah. Yeah.


But no, like the first comment is that you look hot. Oh, that's great. Yeah. So I think you should go, you should be happy. I should, I should go read those Actually. Please don't. Yeah. I don't know. You know, I'm against it. But, Well, let me ask you this. You're here for it. So Do you sense sometimes that I am riding high? Am my ego with looks? No, Because you said don't read 'em. Oh no, I just meant don't read them. 'cause like, I don't agree with reading comments. Oh, oh, oh, right, right. I thought you meant like, don't get carried away reading. No, I You are hot over And over again. I, I don't think. And what Would do to you, do you do this?


I do. When I'm scrolling through friends, particularly you Of course. And I'll see a post of yours and I always glance to see like what causes a fervor of activity. Interesting. Okay. Do you Notice that in your friend's post? Oh, Like what has a lot of likes or whatever And comments. Like, what activates people? I don't really do that. You don't notice that I follow Rogan every post of Rogans, there's like tens of thousands of comments. Is He engaging back? No, no, no, no. In fact, don don't know this from him. I know this from Atia. He's almost got like a motto and it's probably how he keeps himself sane.


He's post and ghost. So he's like, say what you wanna say. Yeah. Post and ghost. So he's been in the post and ghost game for a while. Okay. And it. I think it's really healthy. I did. So you guys have the same strategy. We do. Except I've been lured back And I post in and read everything. I Know. Yeah. I I know. Now lemme ask you this. 'cause the way you, the look on your face Yeah. Do you Is that I people Are mad at me. That I, well I feel like there's judgment in it. Like I it's not, you don't think that says something about me that I read them? No, I You sure be honest. I'm thinking. Okay. No, I I I don't think it says something negative about you, but I do worry.


I mean, we, God, we've talked about this so much. I know ad nauseum. But do you think it's symbolizes a level of narcissism? 'cause that would be a fair, I think that'd be a very fair concern. I wouldn't have phrased it like that. I don't, I don't think. No, I don't think so. I think it's arrogant to think Yeah. That anyone could read a bunch of stuff about themselves and not be affected. Right. Positively or negatively. Mainly negatively. Yeah. So, so for me, I'm just very hyper aware of not on your page about you, but on ours.


Oh. That it's going to impact in a negative way or not in nec I mean, not necessarily in a negative. In a way. In a way, in a way, yeah. and I don't, I really don't want that. So I think I, I, I think I can be honest about this, which is, it's all the things. So one is truly a commitment to the people who like our stuff who take the time. Yes. And like, I, that is a sincere and real obligation that I think I have and I'm happy to have, which is you take the time to share something with you. I want you to know I saw you. That's genuine. Also, I do get a dopamine hit when We do something that's good that I was proud of.


and I, see confirmation of it. Mm. and I do use it, there's like two versions of it. There's one where it's like, I gotta do this. I gotta make sure everyone knows. I saw And that happens at a certain time of day. Then there's another time I use it and that's like, I'm exhausted. I'm kind of depleted. And then I'm on the couch and I read it and I am very much regulating with it. And it's like an afternoon drink or an afternoon coffee and I get a like 10 minutes of feeling good and I like it. And then I like, somehow that gives me the energy to then get up and go on the sauna and do my cold plunge or whatever the routine is.


So definitely all things are happening. I do like reading nice things about myself. I'm guilty of that. Yeah. I mean, I get, get It. I'm guilty of liking when people say I look ripped. Yeah. Yeah. I mean everyone likes that, but there's a reason it can hit a point where it's too much. Like Yeah. No one should be getting that much praise or negativity. I totally agree. And what I do feel really good about is it's a very, very minimal part of my life. I'm, I'm, I'm really on that app by my estimation, much less than a lot of most people I know. Yeah. So it didn't know.


Look, I'm good at knowing when I'm addicted to things and when it's tipped and I'm leaning on this to regulate or I need it, or I, you know, in the absence of it, I feel bad. Like I'm acutely aware of when I'm in that cycle. Yeah. and I don't, I don't have that. Which is not to say I haven't had some low points in life where I did lean on that. But I'll just say for a very long time, I, I'm not in that zone at all with it. It's like, oh, that was great. That was a fun pick me up. That was like 15 minutes of my day. I, that made me feel good and carrying on. I don't need to go back to it a bunch of times. It's, I'm not in bed looking at it, staying awake, you know? Okay. Alright.


Alright. Well there's really not many facts Because Vince Vaughn wasn't dropping stats on us. He Was not. But he was very smart. He's very, very smart. Yeah. Very smart. I don't think you can be a great improv and not be really, really smart. Yeah. Your brain has to be working in a very specific Speedily and the references and the analogies and his, his unique and specific zone is the analogy. Yeah. It's almost like a rapper, like making those connections all the time. I think he's so great. Yeah. I'm so head over heels in love with him. Yeah. And always have been. Do you think I was debating whether I should tell him since I've admitted to it on the podcast so many times that I used to gossip about him.


I was even considering making him like in a public amends and I thought, this isn't gonna make him feel uncomfortable. I would bet You were waiting for it. I would guess. I would guess yeah. That most people who have been listening to this show since day one Yeah. Was were was expecting that to come out. Yes. And I and I owed it to t No, I Didn't. I'm really glad you didn't do it. Okay, Good. I just decided I, this is, this would be more about me than him. He doesn't, he doesn't need this. I think that's right. Is that your assessment? Yeah. Yeah. It would've been self-indulgent in a weird Way. I I, I agree. and I was, I was happy that you were, you had some restraint there. One there Way we know Each other was I.


Know. There was one moment where I thought It was coming. I thought it was coming. You probably spidey sense that it was in my mind and the debate was happening. Yeah. I just wonder how much anxiety you were experiencing waiting for that to happen and what you predict predicted the outcome would've been. I just, I Just been very weird for him to hear That. Right. It would've been weird. I mean, he would've been handled it great. I'm sure. Yeah. And he probably would've said In the dream world and where I would've convinced myself that maybe it would be productive is that he would then say, you know, I used to do that about so and So. yeah. And then we would see like Oh. yeah. This is a very natural thing when you love people and Sure. You know, but that never felt like that was gonna be the outcome of that.


Yeah. Now another one just to go into our past Yeah. That I had a very similar debate and it was Robert Downey Jr. Okay. Because as you recall up to that point, I had never admitted to him. I had had right dreams about him every month my whole life. Yeah. And that too is a very weird thing to drop on somebody. And for whatever reason I did tell him in that interview. Yeah. And we have since had lots of fun with it. Yeah. That's, he text me like, presuming you just woke up dreaming about me wanting to see if you wanted to have lunch or something. I think that's different because you guys are friends so Close. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. There's there's a, there's a lot of different things to be evaluating.


Yeah. We also wanna make sure the guest is very comfortable And he's so tall already. The couch was, It was not comfortable. No, it wasn't comfortable. Even though we ret stuffed, Did we? They left the attic, the cushions and then they came back. But they don't seem to be any more buoyant. They don't No. But that's, Maybe I should shove some books under the bottom. No, I, I I love it. You, you I love it when people sink. No, I kept watching. He was trying to adjust. He was adjusting so much. I love The way it looks when people adjust. Oh, you kind of have an a adjust, fetish a thing for that. I and a just kink.


What if that was your thing and when you came, when your lover came to your apartment, you had a specific chair made that was highly uncomfortable and you could adjust real time and you just love like Oh. yeah. Just stare. They're Can't get Comfortable. Like, oh, can I sit? No, that's Your chair. No dad, the other one's broken. It is. Yes. It's all fucked up. Yes. You'll fall. Yeah. This is the only chair that works. If you wanna be with me, you're gonna sit in this chair. Yeah. And then Jesus, the more uncomfortable it kind of works into your other fantasy. 'cause then you would somehow comfort them. Oh, I could you go. Why don't you come over, sit over here. And they'd be so relieved to be sitting on something comfortable. It's So bad. It's like I have to trick people into Yeah.


Into my love. Yeah. That's bad. Wow. Well, I'm pointing this out from the very first time you said it. No, we, we've never said it like that. I mean, and I said it. You didn't just say it like that, but I, but I I'm hearing It. I said it as the endearing part is that you wouldn't be worthy of love unless you could comfort them. Yeah. Unless they, they needed, Needed me in no way that most people would be afraid to get into the, the mix. Yeah. Diarrhea. Okay. Throw up. Oh, This video feels more Okay. We're exposing but Yeah you're saying I'm Jenny from the block. Like I can get down, I'm the real deal. Oh, downtown. Yeah. But also uptown.


That's also, also Quite often up town. The Carl. Do you know that hotel can't hold any magic for me? Like you go to the Carlisle and you love it. Yeah. And you're excited and it's expensive and it's a, a treat and an indulgent. Yeah. Big time. I lived there for three weeks when I worked for gm. So I would wake up at four in the morning at the Carlisle huge. And go wash cars in a parking lot. And so I associate that hotel with work with a a a $10 an hour job that I worked a hundred hours a week. Wow. it was killing myself. And so it doesn't have that shimmer that it has for you. Oh my goodness. But weirdly, the journalists were staying at the mark, which is like two streets over.


Yeah. And I'd go there to pick journalists up and it's virtually the same hotel. I'd be in there and be like, wow, this Ooh La la. I didn't know you stayed there for three weeks. Three weeks. Yeah. It's a nice hotel. Did you go to the bar Because at that time you were drinking? Drinking? I went to the bar, but I didn't go to that bar. I went to bars that you could get a Budweiser for a dollar 50. Yeah. Not a $50. Martin. This is where that, you know our ninja story, Aaron and I's Ninja story. Maybe you hate fight stories, but here it is. Here it is. At The end of this three weeks we had worked so hard and our employers, our client knew it and they threw a party for us. Aw. Open bar at a kind of Okay, nice middle ground place.


Sure. So there were whatever, 20 of us in the crew, we all go there, we get slashed. Yeah, of course. One of the dudes falls asleep. And then middle of the thing, my mom's like, you gotta get him out here. This is the client still. Yeah. My mom long leaves. We're still there. Thank God. At this point the client has left too. Yeah. So Aaron and Dean and like five of us are walking out and a backstory for years as a drunk joke, we would talk about, we all dreamed if you ever got in a fight, if you could ape palm somebody, we made this up, that you would just eight palm them in the face. it was this ongoing kind of joke. Okay. What if you ate palm somebody, no one was ever gonna do this. which You throw your, Your whole hand across their face like this.


Okay. Okay. Okay. It would be impractical in a fight, blah, blah blah. So we're walking out and I, I'm pretty drunk. Yeah. I did bump into a guy. Okay. and I turned around and I was really nice. I go, oh my God dude, I'm so sorry. I bumped in you. And he goes immediately, yeah motherfucker, you wanna fucking bump into me? And he started going to 10. Yeah. And everyone was watching. and I just was drunk and I go ape palm and I fucking wound back. and I swung as hard as I could with my whole body weight. I caught this guy's face just like directly across the face. Like I was palming a basketball. And with my weight, I just took both of us down. Oh. So it was an ape palm to the face and then slammed to the ground and then he tripped.


Well, I just went all in. Yeah. On the eight palm. I threw it as hard as I could. And it took my whole body with me. Okay. So I land on top of him with in the eight palm. And within seconds Now. I'm sorry, are you saying eight palm or Eight? Eight. Like an eight. Like you're a gorilla. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And within seconds I am being lifted up by two bouncers. Okay. Being taken off the top of this guy and one of the bouncers, the third bouncer got really physical with my friends. You know, probably trying to make sure they didn't get involved. Whatever the case, it was too physical for that friend. And now it's a fight between, oh God, Four of us and three bouncers.


I know, you hate this story. The bouncers throw us bodily out of the bar. Right? Yeah. We land on the sidewalk, we stand up, there's like six of us at this point. and immediately there are nine or 10 guys all in matching head to toe Adidas tracksuits. And they start, I think coming to the aid of the bouncers beating the shit out of us. And now there are all these other strange guys. It's a melee. Oh my God. They came outta nowhere the next date. Erin Tyrell had like two very weird bruises across the chest.


We had like, we had neck pain, we had weird things. And when we woke up in the morning, we were trying to make sense of it all. I'm like those, I think those were ninjas. Like they, we have weird bruises and pains that have cannot be explained any who We came back to the Carlisle after that aftermath and woke up, you know, very hungover, beat up and had to go wash cars at five that morning. Yeah. So it has a very specific place in my memory. Well, we talked about this during the without a Paddle episode. We talked about, we Talked about you like just ch change. Oh, yes, yes. You and change. Yes. Yes. Evolution.


Evolution. 'cause what I said on the that episode is you, you're the same. Which was sweet. Like I liked that. I liked seeing you look, I liked that you liked it. I wasn't sure what the read was, but Yeah, when you said that I was like in Hot In, is that good or bad? Yeah, It was good. Yeah. I'm glad that you liked it. It's like you've always been you. Right. But then it's like, I mean, I, I guess I'm impressed like you've always been you, but you have shed a lot of things that have not served you. Yeah. it was a much more extreme version of myself. Yeah. Especially when Drunk I know I'm There. You wanna see it, right?


I Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Do kind of wanna see it. I mean, I How could you not? It's, well, you wouldn't want to see it, but you wanna see it. I, I guess I, there's a part of me that's maybe if I'm being very honest, like a jealous because I, I don't know the whole, I think I know you so well. Yes. And you do And I do, but there's a whole scope of you that like, I don't know. Right. The headlines are like, if I were you Yes. The headlines are nuts. I you're, yeah. I would have a hard time reconciling. Like if I found out you used to get used to fight chicks all the time at the bar, it would be hard to reconcile. And also it wouldn't, 'cause you're also a stubborn I know sheriff I Know.


Yeah. I Know. So In my mind, I, I recognize the behaviors changed a lot, but also I don't ever think I was like a bully. Like even in that situation, I had genuinely apologized to the guy and then I was really fucking mad when I had been so nice and the guy was gonna be a dick back. Right. Yeah. So then I did, obviously, but to me, with the exception of a few situations, the ones that are very shameful and very drug driven or whatever, they feel consistent. Yeah. In my memory. Like I see how they all happened. and I also had nothing to lose for so long. I know. Yeah. Like, it didn't matter if I got arrested and woke up in jail the next day.


Yeah. There was nothing to sue me for. Yeah. When you close your eyes and you picture yourself, do you picture yourself looking like the guy and without a Paddle? Oh God, no. And it's, it's, it's weird for me to watch that. Yeah. It does. Is it Extremely? Yeah. It's even weird for me to watch parenthood. Yeah. You look different. Yeah. It is. I think what's even weirder, and don don't know if this sounds arrogant, but like, I think I've looked like this.


Yeah. I have felt like I looked like this my whole life. Right. and I didn't. Yeah. And no wonder so many guys were taking runs at me because I was Ah, Feeling like I'm this and I deserve this amount of respect and distance and you appropriately, you know, I think, yeah. Yeah. It's Really, well you do des you deserve respect and distance regardless of what you look like. I Mean, like, man on man like I know. But I saying you, you, you, you, you have to, you know, you have to proceed with some caution. If I'm interacting with a rugby player who's six five, you're gonna bring a different version of yourself. Whether that's right or wrong, I just think it's real.


Okay. Yeah. And you know, if you're the littlest guy at the bar, you're gonna get, you're gonna take shit. I watch it with Pane. I travel with Pane and I've been at bars at night and like, guys think they can come up to Pane and just say the fucking rudest, meanest stuff. 'cause he's small, which is totally unfair. Yeah. But I have always felt like, you can't do that to me. Right. and I guess in my mind, I looked like this or something. Interesting. Yeah. I imagine everyone kind of goes back in time with whatever current image they have of themselves. I don't, I don't that that's what I'm asking. I guess because I do you Th how about you? Yeah, you too. I'll look at pictures of you. Yeah. At the very beginning. I've changed all too. And you were like the tiniest human being on planet Earth.


I have forgotten that you were the tiniest human being on planet Earth. Yeah. So what, how, what is it like for you when you see that? I still feel like that. So I think I am not like you. I think I imagine in my head a pre a more previous version. Yeah. Do you think, okay, so this is interesting. Like it's positive that I've always been who I was. and I get that by the way. I think I like that about people. I think maybe it symbolizes authenticity, right? Yeah. Like you've always been this person And. we like authenticity. So that part I get, I like, I'm glad you think that.


And then the body thing. So like, I have dramatically changed my body. So does that trigger, why doesn't that trigger? Or does it trigger like a lack of authenticity? Like you made yourself a completely different person physically. Like when I saw that, and even if somehow doing that episode encouraged people to go watch that. Yeah. They, they too are probably going like, oh my God, he looks so different. Yeah. And do they think, you know, that's some signal of like he Betrayed himself. Yeah, exactly. Like he didn't love himself. He wanted to be somebody other than he was Well Is it true? Well I, that boy wanted to be big too. Yeah. I just hadn't figured out how yet.


Right. So in that way it feels really, and keep him with who I always was. Like I would've always wanted to be 200 with muscles. That was always the goal. But Okay. So, but when you looked back at it and you were like, oh, like I look so different, but I look good. Yeah. I think I'm a like I look at that and I think that's totally fine. But so you think that's totally fine. You don't think like, oh wow, I looked good. So why'd I do all this? Oh no, don don't think that. Okay. Interesting. Yeah. I think my hair looks good in that movie. It does. Yeah. I was like, in fact, I almost brought that up again.


My, my hubris. Yeah. Kinda like the stylist thing. Oh. I also have a very hard time with someone just choosing what my hair will look like. Yeah. It's a big thing for me. Yeah. That might've been the last movie. I let someone just completely, they weren't in charged. 'cause I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know about hair and makeup. We didn't have an un punked. It Would've been crazy on your first movie to say like, don't touch my hair. Of course. Of course. And then also that that's not the only time I also allowed it in RA and the Idiocracy. I just had to have a really bad haircut. Right, Right. But In general, I stopped and definitely my hair got worse and worse and worse in movies. Interesting.


Yeah. And like if you watch parenthood, I was largely in charge of my hair and it's just hit or miss sometimes. Some episodes my hair looks good and sometimes it looks insane. Like people in TV shows their hair doesn't look like mine. Looks in a lot of things. Yeah. Oh my God, that looks so embarrassing and funny. Well, professionals are professionals for a reason. Yeah. Professionals be profession out. Turns out. All right. Okay. Let's see. Let's see if I, let's see. I, you know what? I didn't tell him what I wanted to tell him and didn't tell him also. 'cause I would be indulgent. Actually that's not why I just forgot. Okay. I probably would've told him.


Yeah. Is that I stood outside for like 10 hours or whatever with Callie in London. Outside the breakup premiere. The breakup premiere. And I got his autograph. But you also just said Jack, but you did the kung fu premiere. This is one that Was a cam. What was the other one? Oh, London versus camp. No, London. Yeah. I studied abroad twice. Okay. Because you know how I have stories where you start to go like, hold on a second, you've called me out a bunch of times. Sure. Like is it six or is it 12? You're kind of playing it fast. Sure. And for me, one of the only things for you is how many things you stood in line for. Okay. Pat, Because there's a bunch.


Right. Throw 'em at me. I I But I do remember the one now about London. 'cause you saw Jen Aniston And Vince Spa And. we got Call and I got their autograph. We were up, you we were walking. Oh, autograph. Yeah. And. we were walking by Would if You would said, do you remember me? So nice to see you again Actually. Oh my. It's been fuck, it's been what? Seven has been so long. You're asking him. It's been like, what, like 17 years, right? Oh my God. No, but actually I met him twice. I met him there. Okay. And yeah, we were just walking by and they were setting up the barriers And.


we were like, what's this for? Yeah. And they said the breakup Premiere And. we were like, fuck ding ding, ding, ding, fuck. Whatever we were about to do for the rest of the day, we are standing here. Yes. So we were right up there. We got autographs. it was very exciting. Yeah. Yeah. And, but then I booked a, what was it? it was not a commercial, but it was some sort of, wait, Was it career enthusiasm? 'cause he was on that. No, No. it was a, it was like a commercial and, but not an industrial, but somewhere in the middle where some promotional thing for a movie.


Oh. That he was in. And Owen Wilson I think. Oh, the intern. Yes. Bingo. Wow. Good job. Thank You. Yes. And they, they cast some people to like sit around this big executive table And. we were all like executives kind of don don't remember something when we were, they were interns there pitching ideas. And it was an, it was all improvised and it was, I was so excited to book that obviously Oh. yeah. Because then I could see him improvise in real life and I Could I was like said stuff You did.


So I, we've worked together. Oh my God. Well that's more than I can say Anyway, so we're all buddies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just didn't wanna bring any of that up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't wanna, you know, make it about us. Yeah. While you're sitting there, You know, knowing how much I love him. Yeah, Exactly. The only fact is he said he thinks that Elmore Leonard and, and Carl who wrote Bad Monkey are friends. Yeah. I mean, I don't have their contact info. And There's nothing on the internet that substantiates that claim. Rob, Do you wanna look If they're friends? Yeah. Yeah. Say so and so, so so are they friends or are Elmore Leonard and Carlisle Carl the Carlisle Hotel.


These are both hard names to spell. Yeah, they are. Yeah. Carlisle who? No, Carl. Carl Lyle. Carl Lyle. I'm not finding anything. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well we'll take his word I guess. Wait, Elmore Bad Monkey is a book and he and Leonard were buddies before. Elmore Leonard. That's on Reddit. Okay, Well we'll take it. Maybe that's, Vince's submitted that on Reddit. He wrote that. Alright. Anyway, that's it. Love you. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


What's up guys? It's your girl Kiki. And my podcast is back with a new season. And let me tell you it's so good. and I'm diving into the brains of entertainment's best and brightest. Okay. Every episode I bring on a friend and have a real conversation. and I don't mean just friends. I mean the likes of Amy Poer, Kel Mitchell, Vivica Fox, the list goes on. So follow watch and listen to baby. This is Kiki Palmer on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.