
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App Or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Rather, and I'm joined by Leslie Stall. Oh my gosh. She comes up occasionally. Back in the old days, she would pop up a lot. That is high praise. Very high praise. Yes. I love Leslie Stall. Yeah, she's great. She's a firecracker. Okay, long time coming. Number one, current obsession as an actor. Going on three years now, probably. Walton Goggins. Oh, Walton Goggins.


Goggle Glasses. Uncle Baby. Billy's Bible Bonkers. This guy's an alliteration Wet Dream. Yes, I love Walton Goggins. I mean, he is an incredible actor, but he was also a beautiful person. Such an interesting, colorful person. There should be award for just best across the board actor. It's not on a single project, and it's just, it's like best dramatic, best comedy, whatever. There's just best actor. And I think Walton would be the s shoe in. I Agree. Because there's nobody doing comedy better and there's nobody doing drama better. That's right. Fallout justified. Righteous gemstones. Vice principles. The Hateful Eight. He stole the Hateful Eight, which is hard to do.


That's a hell of a cast Season three of the White Lotus. It wasn't enough. He was in my favorite comedy show, righteous Gemstone, or that he was in my favorite action show at Fallout. Now. He had to join my favorite Dramedy White Lotus. He hits all the genres. What A dick. Also Walton Goggins Goggle Glasses. Learn more@gogginsgoggles.com. You'll hear us in the goggles at the top of the show. Yeah. We'll be fully, If you're watching, we're adorned in the goggles. Goggins Goggle Glasses. Yeah, we are. Okay. Now this is a big merch update. Yes. Huge update. So we were unable to do our own merch. We have to do our merch through Amazon Wondery.


We have asked them if we can just do it while we're getting that sorted. And we have a one month window where we've got a bunch of really cool, well thought out merch. You can go to www.armchairexpertpod.com. Bunch of cool designs, a lot of things that were on the limited edition sweatshirts are not making their way to t-shirts with Some additional designs and some sweats. And it's a really cool little collection. Yes. And this is not calculated into a pressure cooker, but it will be about a month long that we're allowed to do this. I mean, there's a chance we might be able to continue it. We don't know yet. We don't know. But just letting you guys know it's up. Now we know we have the month.


So order now, there'll be a delay 'cause we have to make it all and ship it. So If you need it overnight, that's probably not gonna happen. It's a pre-sale. It's a pre-sale. But go there and order all the stuff you want and then it'll get to you at some time. Go to www. It's your mech. Get your mech. Please. Enjoy Walton Goggins Caco Glasses.


We are supported by Tropical Smoothie Cafe. February is the month of romance. And to celebrate Tropical Smoothie Cafe is remixing a classic with their fan favorite chocolate covered strawberry smoothie. Ooh. Featuring a delicious blend of strawberries, dark chocolate, white chocolate, banana, and non-fat yogurt. This crave worthy flavor is only available for a limited time. Limited A Dish. Yes. In app and online. Prepare for love at first sip. And If you're a fan of their tropic bowls, make your taste bud swoon this Valentine's Day season with their new Nutella drizzle. Add-on. There's just something about chocolate that says romance isn't there. There Sure is. Mm. Chocolate's done. A great job marketing to lovers Love. Absolutely this month. Gift a loved one or be your own Valentine by indulging in refreshing Tropical goodness. Because at Tropical Smoothie Cafe, it's always tropic time. Order ahead, take the scenic route and earn rewards with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe app. Download it today. Visit tropical smoothie cafe.com to find a cafe near you.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA, salt Lake City. Branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Oh, hey. Whoa. Wait a minute. Yeah. Whoa. Is there a guest? Go ahead. I think we have the star of the show. I'm just a guest star Money. You wanna slide your Snip on on there for You? Yes. I would Figure we could start in 'em. Oh my. He brought you specifically Blue honey. Sit on the couch for half a second. You're not even Mike the Pope. Can you push, push this product? This bitch can move product. Pickleball. Skydiving. Wear it on the boat. Scuba diving. You Ever cut onions in these bad boys? Oh, I've cut onions in them. Yeah. Oh, I can't, yeah. Wait in cut onions. No penetration. That one. Very comfortable. Yeah, They're comfortable. This feels like we're having an interview on a chairlift on the way up the mountain. It does. Which kind of happens. You know, you're sitting on that chairlift for minutes and minutes and you have be talking about some stuff.


I feel like This is such a good product for you. You know how sometimes people have brands that like, I don't get the A to B. This is an A. Why Does Tom Cruise have lawn care equipment? Exactly. It makes no sense. Sense. But this is perfect. But does he have long Perfect. But does he, does He wall by Should, yes. Not yet. Top Gun mower. Say The name out loud. Walton Goggins. Goggle Glasses. Oh, I mean, that's as close as you can gets Uncle Baby Billy's Bob Bunkers. Yeah. There's some similarities there. It's a bit of a nod Isn't It's nod. Just a little thing. I comfortable it worked out for Baby Billy. Maybe it'll work out for me. I'm a good athlete. I'm not a great athlete at all. But really the thing that I got out of playing sports more than anything else was I just love the equipment, man.


I just love putting on the football pads. I love the gloves. I mean, I love pep rallies. Let me ask you, wearing them right now. Do you think that you would go for a pickleball shot that you might otherwise not go for since you have a strap on your head? A hundred P. Yeah. I feel very cool in These. Honey. If you walk straight out of here and get in my Z wagon and drive the stick shift like your Mario fucking andretti because of those, I won't be shocked at all. I've never driven a ski. That's Right. We live 15 minutes from a ski resort where we are now in the Hudson Valley. This isn't like Aspen, Colorado, but it's got a vibe. It's a super cool place. And I drop my kid off at school and like any good dad, I'll go skiing like most American dads.


Yeah. Like 10 runs. And then I'll have a beer. Oh, What a, I'll sit outside and there's a fire pit kind of out there and then go home and take a nap and sober up everyone I promise and go pick up my kid. But one particular day I was just sitting out and it's cold and I got these goggles on whatever the Oakley cool glasses are just sitting there having a beer. I said, I never wanna take these glasses off. Sure. Where are we all when it comes to reading glasses? Do you need them? Do you not need them? And go Year and a half ago my eyes died. Yeah. And I don't know what happened, but it was overnight. And now I'm at a one, I guess is my prescription. Oh. I don't think they're very strong, but when my kids put 'em on, they make quite a bit of fun.


Well, They get a headache instantly. I do have to wear them a lot With my wife, who's older than I am. Just a couple of years baby. I'm so sorry. Shout out apology. I wasn't gonna apology. Two years and two days. November 8th. She's a Scorpio. I won't say the year baby. You couldn't even see me. Wink. Can you? 'cause you don't really know what's going on in my thoughts. But she said, it's coming for you. And I said, I don't think so. And then literally she said it'll happened overnight. And it did. And then the next night, you Know, blind Laid down to read blind Your representatives, your publicists. I bet in their best case scenario, they hoped we would talk about these glasses for 30 seconds. Yeah. I'm guessing that was kind of About it. They're most optimistic state. They're like, I pray they bring 'em up and I hope they do.


30 seconds on em. And we've done legit a good 15. We've 15 panic, 15 minutes on these things. It's time to talk about your life. Panic can all get outta your hair. You guys have fun. It's So good to see you. I wanted to tell you sincerely, 850 guests. She's asked to come meet I think four people where she said, what time are you recording? I'm going to make sure I'm not doing anything. I must meet this person. And you're 1 0 4. Well We've, we've worked, worked together. We've worked together. Oopsie way to go. Dax fucking, not only did we weigh together, so sorry, But DAXs point stands. People are in and out of this yard all the time. People that I know, people that I don't know, people that I respect, people that I'm fans of. And I've come in to say hi to maybe four or five people.


And you were definitely one of them because how do you even say it? You're number one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have, the evidence I have on this show numerous times said, you are my number one number. So hard. You Come up a Lot. Yeah. I gotta put these all pathetic like emotional. They're Great to mask public crime too. We left that out. There isn't anyone I've ever seen that is Apex drama and Apex Comedy. Comedy. Apex comedy the way you are. It seems impossible to be honest. To go from righteous to Fallout in one year. It's staggering Down. And the fact that you were in that disgusting mask on Fallout and every woman in America was still like, I want that sexy radiation cowboy in my bedroom once a week.


So you got the rhythm. We you. Thank you baby. Yeah. I'm glad I got to see you. It's really Good. Oh, You're, you don't really have The body of a beer drinker when you said that. I was like, I don't buy it. He's One of these guys though. We're gonna get into it. He's one of these charms. Those are yours. They're yours. And yours look great as a hairband. Yeah. I love it. As a, as a hairband, also a hairband. Very exciting Names. And then we'll just kinda move on to something else. The white ones are cum Nimbus, Which is a cloud formation. Yeah. Yes they are. I think they're the coolest. It's like, fuck, he's rocking some white goggle glasses with a red, white, and blue band. It's confidence. It's very cool. And then we have a noir pair, a black pair called Mama Skillet named after my mama Skillet. Okay. We're gonna pin skillet and mama skillet.


Yeah, these are Tortuga. You gotta have a tortoise shell, man. So What does the word Tortuga? Where does it come from? It means black and brown pattern. Oh, okay. It's Not like a No, it's A turtle. It's a type of turtle. I think it's, it's a turtle in Spanish. In Spanish. The two Guy. Oh, in Spanish. Yes. And then we have lemon cello. Ooh, that's awesome. Which is yellow. And then we have the color that you're wearing. Oh. Which is guess what, blue. Wow. Decided to go real conventional for Just one, just regular blue. That's so cool. Which is Comical because if any color deserved adjective before it, it would be blue. There's so many kinds, but you're like, no, there's only one blue and this is it.


You're thinking differently. Oh, He just picked up some, some questions. Okay, here we go. We're gonna get serious now, sir. Okay. Let's get so Serious. So yeah, you get it. I love you so much. I have been wanting this to happen for very, very long. And I was working with Rob Corddry for a period who I adore. And then I found out you guys are close and you would vacation together in Europe, which sounds exactly what I'd imagine you do. Hey, always So elegant. And maybe I want to jump to one thing to then come back to where you're from because I was watching an interview with you and you were discussing, having been offered, justified to be in the pilot, you were gonna die and justified. And that was gonna be it. You read it and you turned it down twice for a very specific reason.


And I want you to tell me why. 'cause I really liked it. I'm a huge Elmore Leonard fan for one thing. But I felt that it was so one dimensional and because I can afford not to do this anymore. Yeah. For much of your early career, all of us, we gotta play what they offer us. Absolutely. I mean, if you're Italian and you're from New York, chances are you're gonna, you're gonna Shoot somebody. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. You're gonna be eating some fucking pasta. You're Gonna need some pasta. You're gonna dig a hole in the desert. Absolutely. And you're gonna smile while you're doing it. But we all Look for boxes to kind of fit in when we're starting out. And it just so happened to be at that point in my life that I'd gotten out of a number of those boxes in, this was one box that I just felt like I can't perpetuate this stereotype and sell out my culture anymore. From an outsider's perspective.


Like a lot of different cultures in America, they're reducible to one impersonation. And it's like, okay, well if I can speak a little like this, you know, and I come down here and like, I'm from the south, what does that even fucking mean? I mean, the South represents a third of this country. Each region and each state, and each part of every state is very unique. Like the state of New York, the state of New York isn't just New Yorkers. I live in the state of New York now. Two dramatically different cultures actually. You live in both dramatically. Yeah. Manhattan and Hudson Valley. That's Right. But it, it just felt like I was at a place in my life where I just was unwilling to do that. To participate in the perpetuation of this. Yeah. And I think everybody, you know, at some point, whenever you can kind of step out, you don't need the money morally, you just don't think that it's right. And you don't want to feel shame whenever you're visiting those places that you're just another part of the problem.


This is where the conversation ends. And I wanted it to be where the conversation began. And so on the third conversation we had after I had turned it down twice, and I say that I'm not proud of it, there's no ego involved in that whatsoever, because I'm such a huge fan of Tim Moens and Michael Diner, who was directing it and wrote a good bit of it. But Graham Yost, who wrote the pilot on the third time, I said, okay, I'll do it. Two things. I'm the smartest person in the room always after I say this very long speech in the pilot, It was kind of crazy racist rant. That's right. That you say this one line, which is, I know you don't believe half the things that you're saying. You just need an audience. I just needed a version of that line for him to see through that. Which is true.


It's crazy having watched it, not knowing that story and how important that weird detail was. 'cause it also built this rapport with you two, which makes it so much more compelling. You have a past in that little line that you were wanting to not perpetuate, ends up also being this other layer. What also allows the audience to kind of come into the experience. No one has tolerance for intolerance, really. I don't. It just gave the audience the opportunity to experience this person. And really to go forward. I ask for those things, not with a six year contract. This was just the pilot and die. We'll do this thing and just give me that and then I can sleep better at night.


And you know, he was so fucking incredible after they tested it, every single person's like, well, no, no, he can't die. Yeah. It just adds a third dimension to a person. We had a guest that so beautifully articulated this. You know the author Barbara King solver by chance? She wrote the Pulitzer Prize winning book last year. Demon Copperhead. Oh yeah. Okay. The most beautiful book. I read it. My whole family's from Kentucky. She said in that book, she's trying to explain how it feels to be in the South and especially in Appalachia. She described it as we're in the bathroom stall in high school. We hear the popular kids making fun of us. We get these TV shows. We get these songs.


We can hear you. It's so fucking offensive and hurtful. Yeah. And you don't even care. I just had a whole renewed compassion for one of the great stereotypes that kind of persists In some ways. I hope I don't get in trouble for saying this, but it's permissible and urban culture. Certainly on both coasts. It's low hanging fruit. It's always there. You can always go to it. And you can always get a laugh from your constituents. And they're a part of it. They're also in the audience. It's hurtful. So you were born in Birmingham, Alabama, but you grew up in Georgia where Monica grew up as well. I'm from Georgia. Whoa. I know you're talking about Kentucky, but I'm from Georgia. A Little Peach. That's Right. Little peach. A TL. Yeah. Duluth. Where in Georgia?


We lived in a fucking trailer in Birmingham, Alabama. First year of my life, my mom's sisters lived, I think it was like, yeah, I don't know. Five or six people. My parents got divorced pretty early. What age? Three, maybe two and a half. But my earliest memories are with my mom in Decatur, Georgia, which is right downtown. It's very cool. Now, there's so many great places in Atlanta now. Like so many cities in America had this whole new generation has gonna come in and give me some third wave coffee and fucking some great sourdough bread. What's coming next? Ooh, Mediterranean food. Fantastic. But Lithia, do you know Lithia? Lithia Springs? We moved out, which is West Side.


My mom and I lived in Decatur three years. One of my earliest memories, I couldn't have been more than four. I have a lot of memories from that house that we lived in, this duplex. But one is one of the scariest memories of my childhood, of my life. Really? My mom's bedroom was in the front. My bedroom was in the back. She's a young woman. She was a beautiful woman. She had a super cool boyfriend. And I've sucked in my bed alone. You were an only child at that point? Only child. And I went to sleep. My little twin bed was right up against the wall. My upper torso was next to the wall from my knees down was in front of a window. Just as I was about to fall asleep. There was a light in the backyard and I had whatever the fucking house came with these shades that were kind of pulled down an opaque shade so you could see through it.


And just as I was falling asleep, I saw someone crawl in front of my window. 'cause it was a roof right outside of, it was two stories. I don't know if it was a man or a woman. I have no idea. I think we can assume it's a man if I'm betting on this Or a woman escaping. It was a man. He was on his knees and he was just sitting there like perfectly outline in my window, his whole body. And I couldn't scream. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he had his hands on the window and he was trying to see if it would open. And then eventually he just went past the window and as soon as he was outta sight, I got my voice back. Oh. And I started screaming. Did mom's boyfriend run to the scene? I don't know if He was there that night.


That's kinda the end of that memory. I remember my mom coming in or something. But that was terrifying. Yeah. Yeah. And then we moved out to Lithia Springs when I was five years old and we found an 1850s farmhouse. And it was two bedrooms. You had to walk through my room to get to the bathroom, and it was fucking cold in the winter. It was like, well, I'm gonna go to sleep with this glass of water on the edge of my bed. And I know I'm gonna wake up and it's gonna be frozen. Yay. Look, there's no more water in my glass. Mama. Get me outta here. What the fuck's Wrong with us? Were there's stepdads in the mix. I did Not have a stepdad. My mom never got remarried, but she had some boyfriends and I loved all of them.


You did. Some of 'em were a little hard. And a couple of them were younger than they probably should have been. Good for her. Her mom's so fucking hot. Oh My God. We need a picture of your mom. My mom. She's so fucking cool. Yeah. Who Do you get your swagger from? Because I have been lucky enough to see photos of your dad and Monica. I can't wait to describe his father to you, but you showed some pictures on Seth Meyers of him. He is a one of a fucking kind. He Texted me a photo yesterday. Dad, If you ever see this, I can't believe you made this fucking coffee mug. It was a picture of me and these glasses, a part of the campaign. And he made himself a coffee mug. And he's a narcissist. My dad. Yeah. Clinical. Sure. He knows it, don't you, dad?


He's listening Because you're talking about but literal. He sent me this thing when he said congratulations, and he loves me and I love him. It has this logo fucking all over the bottom of it. And then at the top that's facing out where people would be seeing it is a picture of me and these glasses and underneath it and big letters. There is no him without me. Oh, No, no. That's what it says on the mug. On The fucking mug, man. Yes. Perfect. I could have almost guessed that. Caption my father, and I wonder If you have this. As I got famous, he loved telling people I wanted to take in how proud he was of me. And he was deeply proud of me. But I couldn't trust that it wasn't maybe more about him getting attention.


Of course, Matt, you're An extension of him. Which makes more sense now that I have kids. You're right. There is a very tiny line between you, but can you relate to that? I Had a lifetime of that. We're not the only people. Yeah. That had this kind of experience. My father was married six times, but one was Annu. Okay, well, we'll still count. It'll still, I gonna count that A shotgun kind of annulment. The running joke kind of in my household was inevitably everybody has a bumper sticker that says, honk. If you've ever been married to Sandy Goggins, you know, wow. Fucking who hasn't he married. But my mom never remarried. She had some wonderful men come through. And then we had a cast of characters in my life. It was kind of this way station for people. My mom was the most sane of her three sisters who were and are insane clinically.


But it was really colorful and I was raised kind of a real steel magnolias. You Got to meet characters, it sounds like. Not only I get to meet them, they fucking lived with us. Yeah. They raised you Upon reflection though. Are you grateful for it? Oh, I'm so grateful for it. Whenever you would meet someone, even someone who was relatively authentic, even someone who was just a farmer across the street, Kermit and his wife. Everyone in my life was eccentric. I mean, except for the hearse family. My neighbors Holly and David were my best friends. And Ken and Carol. Oh, were like my mom and dad. They actually fed me regularly. They had a bed that I could always sleep in and they would actually take me to practice, but they would also pick me up.


They were dependable. Yeah. They were about as good as Americans can get. They were just wonderful people. But god damn, I'm glad that I wasn't raised totally by them. I just absolutely love lunatics. Yes, I love crazy people, but just enough crazy. I don't see enough people seeking out those conversations or taking the time with people like that. Am I wrong about that? You think people dismiss? I think that eccentricity, if the conversation can't be had in about three minutes, if you're only checking one of the 10 boxes required for me to have a conversation, I'm not fucking having it. Yeah, right. I mean, because people are busy and there's a phone. Do you think that's true or no? Gosh, I think it's complicated because I also think because of social media, people also lean deeply into their eccentricity.


Almost in an inauthentic way. Well, in A performative way. Yeah. It's performative. So authenticity has gotten very complicated and public and confusing. And you are interfacing with people that have either real or foe eccentricities. And you are engaging with them in that platform. I didn't even think about that. Well, Also you can get that itch scratch, which is you can go watch someone that's batshit nuts on Instagram. Whereas when we were kids, Kristen, don't hear me say this all the time. It's like Right. An airport and I just lock onto somebody and I'll say out loud, gotta find out what this guy's up to. And I'll go check. People catch my eye all the time, and I'm like dying to find out what's cracking, what's going on outside of this airport. What kind of kid were you in school?


I Was alone a lot as a kid. Single mom, babysitter's, houses. I felt like I spent most of my life waiting to be picked up. At times I felt like an inconvenience, even though that wasn't their intention. I remember seeing the bridges of Madison County and Burbank whenever that movie came out in the early nineties. And then calling my mom from a payphone in the lobby walking out, apologizing for being bored. Oh, but not in a, just like, I'm so sorry. I held you back from doing some of these things and she still had a fucking great life. Well, it sounds like it. 'cause I'm younger. Suitors. Yeah. But she was like, no son, you are the gift. You are it. But at the time, I didn't feel that in school. I think I was popular kind.


I think I could charm people. I always felt different. I always knew that I'm not gonna be here forever. I had a lot of friends, my senior superlative, even though I didn't win it, but I was the first runner up. For most friendliest, I thought it would be best dressed. They took that out that year because poor kids, they don't have the same opportunity. I'm Poor motherfucker. Yeah. But I figured it out. But I figured it out. I got a Job. I worked at Rich's $2 scar with this $3 shirt. You see this shit? I bought this shit, but I was a great student. Oh, No kidding. I Had no structure in my life. I don't think I slept in the same bed for more than seven days straight until I was like 15. So I had to generate my own structure. It helped me.


It served me my entire life because okay, well I gotta work harder than everybody in this room. Well, It makes you a self-starter. 'cause no one's gonna start at for you. That's right. I remember writing a poem that was the class assignment. And so I picked it about divorce, you know, I came to turn it in and she gave it back to me and it was like an F. Whoa. I said, I'm so sorry. I think this is pretty good. And she said, it's great, but you didn't write it. And I said, What? Oh, so it's the ultimate compliment. Yeah. It's like, yes, I did. I'm like that guy. It's from my heart. Yeah. I just showed you my heart and shit on it. Yeah. Call me a fraud. And then my mom kind of came to school, said, no, no, no. It was him. It all worked out. I've never wanted to read a poem in my entire life until right now. I'm dying to Read. Do you know it?


Do you know my heart? No. I remember a couple raps I wrote high school. We'll get to that later. Okay. So you went to Southern Georgia University for a year and a half. Georgia, Southern Georgia Southern. Did you go to I went to Georgia. You went to UGA? I Did go To a lot of things. C2 was a great student. You from Georgia, man? I know I am. I sure am. We got in a big fight about it. 'cause I went to the Texas game with Dax In Austin. Well, are you a big Longhorn, Texas? No, he is not. I'm a big Austin fan. Yeah. I'm a big Austin fan. That's a great city, man. Well, they were playing Georgia and I refused. And We were the guests. We were guests of some Texas of McConaughey. Oh yeah. Of course. This fucking Religion. We gotta hook 'em. No, we don't. Do you wear like a Georgia hat?


I wore a bulldog shirt and a red sweater. Were you on the Field? No, we were in the box, but surrounded by a bunch of orange. And I was like, absolutely not. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because she was so mad that I wanted the Longhorn swing. It put our friendship to the track. It really did. We barely navigated that one. We don't have to talk about it now, but I wanna know the history of this friendship. Oh yeah. It's an odd pairing. We're best friends. We fight nonstop. We think about the world so differently so often it works Big time. Circling back a little bit, I do think we are very volatile, and I think that's somewhat of a result of his upbringing and potentially mine.


And when we were talking about chaos and relationships, do you seek that out? I think we subconsciously seek it out. You mean conflict with each other, or do you think in your own lives? Like If I'm being honest, I think that's part of the draw. There's something always that could blow up. Yeah, that's right. And part of the attraction to this. I think So. Yeah. I crave novelty. I crave a challenge. I crave being engaged. And because she's so smart and has such a strong point of view, and it's so often different from mine, it's very ripe for very engaged, very heartfelt debate. And we love each other, so we would like to have the same opinion.


So the stakes are high. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now that makes for a great show. It's been going on for seven years. I've been going on a long time. We have to really navigate it quite often, but I think that's the best kind of relationship. I agree with you. I could never be with a fan. I have friends. I know people who are very successful, and then they get a very beautiful person who's just along for the ride and they're a fan. I would be so bored outta my mind. My wife is hard as a motherfucker. Yeah. Super smart, super talented. Very driven. Very ambitious. Gonna get her way. I need that. I Have that in my life. My wife is more often than not the smartest person in any room that I walk in for sure. She's a fucking intellectual baller.


She understands the world in a very nuanced, complex way and is able to walk with kings. Yeah. And you gotta have your shit straight before you enter into a fray with her. Like she makes you, I'm presuming the very best version of yourself. Well, I mean, I don't know. Or the worst version too. And the thing that I say often is I'm in 99% of the time and she says, well, it's the 1% where you should be fucking zen man. Right. You know? It's the 1% when you're challenged to that place, and that's your lesson. I said, or maybe it's fucking not my lesson, but that's kind of that thing. I mean, I think I'm cool, I'm cool, I'm cool to, Hey man, fuck you.


I'm not cool. That level of volatility is present in my work. And Maybe you feel that way in your work. And that is the same with my wife and all of my friends. I look for that in other people. I need 10% crazy in the mix. Absolutely. Thank you. And Monica's 26% crazy. Thank you. And I'm 35% crazy, so, Well, I would go up a little bit On that. Is Kristin crazy? That's a great question. Less And less. Less and less and less. Yeah. Both of us, by the way, have gotten way milder. It can exist so much easier. It's 17 years. You're 19 years. 20. Been married for that long, but we met on a blind date 20 years ago, January 11th.


The volume comes down on a lot of stuff. It has. And we've gone through a lot and like every relationship, ups and downs and peaks and valleys. But there's this thing that has alluded us for so long and we see it coming. It's like, oh, I fucking know exactly how this is gonna go down and I don't want to, okay, let's step off this train right now. There's an off ramp right here, man. You could just turn around. Oh, she's not letting you leave. Oh, you're not letting her. Oh. Oh. Hey, you know what, now we're doing fucking, I'm out, man. Yeah, yeah. The little I'm switch clips out of here And a little burst of euphoria comes. Yeah. Where you go, oh, I'm gonna burn the house down. Here we Go. That's right. And it's a little bit intoxicated.


It is Intoxicating. But you know who in my family doesn't have any of that, is our child. He is so calm and so wise and so measured and extremely passionate. A deep, deep, deep thinker. What Could be more fun? Yeah. Okay. Here's the limb I wanted to go out on. Okay. Let's go out. But I was curious, given the similar background, is it hard for you when someone's in a bad mood? Like my things with my wife are generally, and I have this with Monica too, I have this with everyone in my life. If someone's in a really bad mood, I have this unreasonable desire to fix that for them and to regulate them.


And if I can't do it, I am very uncomfortable. Right, Because you spent a lifetime doing that, regulating kind of other people's. Well, that was my guess. I'm wondering single mom, it's like normally dad would be in charge of that if mom's got an emotional issue. She Never fit that box. Right. She never fit that stereotype. Smoked a lot of weed. Had a really good time. Very passionate woman. Loved to have sex. Mine too. My mom's an admitted love addict. Yeah, Absolutely. And started studying Hanzi Yogananda and Joel Goldsmith and the Urantia and the I Am. And went on this spiritual journey. Started when I was about 10 or 11 years old and had me reading all of those texts. So much so that I just kind of missed out on the classics because I felt like it was a waste of time.


If you weren't doing something that was expanding kind of your consciousness, then why would you do it? I didn't realize until I was in a car with some friends that I had made in LA when I first moved out here, coming back from San Diego and hearing these people talk about Hemingway and Somerset, mom and Faulkner, and you know, they had the opportunity to be in school. They had a college education. And hearing them cross-reference these authors and how it was applicable to cinema or a song that they were listening to. And I just was in the backseat, wasn't saying anything. I was just listening to all of this. And I just thought, I want that kind of in my life. To circle back to what you said, I had to please a lot of people. I had to please my father. I wasn't around him that much. But when I was, I desperately had to do that.


That's not our problem. Early in my life, my problem was profound insecurity based on poverty and not having those things to the point where in high school or middle school girlfriend's parents were coming to pick me up and I would give them an address that wasn't my address. And right before they were supposed to get me, I say, okay, mom, I gotta go. My mom had no structure, no boundaries. Right, right, right. No boundaries whatsoever. My mom was like, I trust you. And so I would just slip outta the house and I would go to Ken and Carol's house with the nicer home and just hide in the ditch or out by their bushes. And I would see the headlights kind of pull in and I would just run out in the driveway and it's like, like, okay. And then the lights would come on and this is that your I was like, ah, they're fine.


Bye mom. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you


dare. We are supported by why nab do you experience excessive bouts of money? Stress? Oh my gosh. Do I? Do you avoid your bank balance like it's a text from an X? Do you feel guilt and second guessing about your spending? If you answer yes, you may be suffering from financial funk y. Nab spelled YNAB is a life changing app designed to cure financial funk with a simple method that offers total control of your money. The average YAB user reports saving close to $600 in their first month and $6,000 in their first year. Side effects may include less financial stress, getting better sleep, and eliminating arguments about money Warning, using YN may be habit forming before starting. Ask your wallet if adding more joy to every day and every dollar is right for you. Listeners of Armchair Expert can claim an exclusive three month trial subscription for free with no credit card required at www.y.com/dax. That's y n.com/dax. Life is short. Spend it well with yap.


We are supported by Drunk Elephant, looking for a holy grail moisturizer that actually delivers. Let me introduce you to Proteiny Polypeptide Cream by Drunk Elephant. The protein powerhouse. Your skin's been craving. You know how your body needs protein to stay strong, right? I'm addicted to protein. It's my religion. Your skin does too. That's where Proteiny comes in packed with nine signal peptides and growth factors. This cream makes your skin visibly firmer. Think of Proteiny in your drunk elephant routine, like adding a shot of protein to your smoothie. And unlike those heavy moisturizers that just sit on top of your skin, this lightweight gel cream sinks right in delivering your daily dose of moisture without any greasy residue. That's my big pet peeve with moisturizers. I don't want to be greasy. You Don't want it to be greasy. Yeah. I mean, I am. I have loved Drunk Elephant for years and years and years. Yeah. And I'm, I'm happy that you've gotten into it. Yeah, It's great. It goes on So light. Yeah. And sinks right in. Try Drunk Elephant's breakthrough moisturizer today. Discover Proteiny Polypeptide Cream at Ulta Beauty Stores and also@ulta.com.


We are supported by Nordic Naturals. I love that name. Let's just start with the name. Nordic Naturals. Great name. I also love these products. You're in love with them. Yes. I already went through an entire magnesium. You did. You Blasted Through. Blasted through. And a vitamin C. Well, Did you know that more than 80% of Americans don't get enough Omega-3 fats from their diet? Count me in that. Yeah. We know that Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega is trusted by doctors and healthcare professionals to deliver foundational Omega-3 fatty acid support for heart, brain, joint, and mood health, immune system function, and much more. Their bestselling Ultimate Omega fish oil provides concentrated Omega-3 support in an exceptionally fresh and pure formula without any fishy aftertaste. And if fish isn't your thing, their new Ultimate Omega plant-based soft gels deliver over a thousand milligrams of concentrated omega threes derived from algae. That's a much higher daily dose than most vegetarian options. Supercharge your nutrition with Nordic Naturals. Use promo code Dax for 15% off your next order@nordic.com and experience the Nordic naturals difference yourself. That's nordic.com and promo code Dax for 15% off.


Poverty's humiliating. When you're young like that, You just don't fit in. We never filled up our gas tank ever. I never remember my mom or an aunt or one of these crazy people I was with. No one had the money to put more than like three to five bucks in your gas tank. Yeah. And so I had a lot of that. It's like a chip on your shoulder, but it's not. And then you allow for judging until it gets to a certain point and then you react to that judging. It's like, well, wait a minute. I'm just as good as you. I had a lot of that shit early on, especially in relationships. I was left a lot. Like a lot of people abandonment issues and just thinking, everyone leaves. Everyone's going to leave. So please don't love me or love me and please don't let me go.


Yeah. I think that's a journey for a lot of people in my own journey, in my own spiritual walk, which is a part of this whole experience of the White Lotus, falling in love with yourself. God damn. If you can get to that point Yeah. Where you're okay with you, even though once you find it, it will very quickly disappear. Yeah. It's transient. Absolutely. And once you have that realization and once you have a degree of self-love, at least this is what my experience was, that also came with real boundaries. I've gotten better about, this is no man's land right now. We're okay, but this is not okay with me and I'm not poor anymore. But I don't think that ever fully leaves you. I wrestle a lot with, I hated rich people. If there were a bad guy in the world, it was rich people.


'cause I felt less than around them. I didn't like how I felt. It's not at their fault. I now know that. But you know, I had this chip on my shoulder and then trying to come to terms with the reality of, oh, I'm one of those people. That's a little discombobulating. And there's shame around that. Yeah. Yeah. You feel survivor's guilt. It's a complicated, The thing that I had and something you kind of brought up earlier and experiencing it in the back of this car came up from San Diego. My envy wasn't around the acquisition of things, even though I just wish we had some fucking heat. You know what I mean? Like, like these are just bare minimums. Staples. The water would stay liquid, full Thank and gas. Yes. I wish we had some yogurt. I wish I didn't have to cut off half of this block of cheese to get to the good cheese.


That's exactly right. But it was time to think I was jealous and envious of these people went to college and they were fucking in college even though they worked or whatever, but they had an opportunity to just sit and learn or read and then go talk about things that they had just learned. I never had this space to do that. I would've been good at it. I left school after a year and a half. We do forget. We take for granted that going to school and being able to be there and think critically is a privilege. It is a privilege. Yeah. Huge. We just do it. We think we have to do it. We go. We try to get through it and it should be rethought of, Or just like a daily reminder of this is a privilege. It's not a right.


And what do you do with the time that you have at the microphone? What is it that you wanna say? Well, I, I didn't have that in college. I have been able to, even without money, given myself those opportunities through travel and being alone, giving myself permission to be on the road for a very long period of time, understanding culture. I've talked about this in other interviews, so this isn't revelatory, but in addition to that, I feel that way about work. I feel that way about the time I'm now afforded to give myself to live in my imagination and preparation to start a job and to stay in that world over the course of telling that story. So I feel like I have that now. Yeah. Like that's my education.


And that's time to ask those existential questions or listen to that music this person would listen to or watch those movies that are applicable to this experience To just indulge your imagination. Yeah. That's Right. Yes. You Have time and space Exactly. To fucking indulge this part of your brain. Yeah. It's so special. And I don't take that for granted. I'm with you. Yeah. I'm never interested in why someone wanted to become an actor, but with you, I am. How do we go from that tiny town in a year and a half in college? When do you go, I'm gonna be a performer. I Feel like I was always a performer. I was raised around some very performative people. Interesting, funny people. They were great storytellers. Yeah. If you're gonna take up time at the dinner table it better fucking land.


Yeah. And even If you couldn't, because there were five stories going at once. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. More often, not people would pass the baton in my household. And it wasn't a lot of talking over each other. It was depending on the level of inebriation. Sure. Sure. How fucking short or how long the story is. These were very eccentric people. When it was my turn to talk, you know, like Little Wall. It was the great love of the women and my family. I knew that that again, was a privilege and not a right to be given the microphone around this group of really great storytellers. And I would tell my storytelling off. I think that was always kind of a part of it, but I really kinda stumbled into it. Well, when you moved to la did you move here specifically to try to act?


I did. I wanted a great experience. I got an American Express in college my freshman year. As soon as I got there, God damn, I got mail. Who knows? I'm going to school here. How do you guys know it's happening? Goggins? Well, I got a mailbox And it was four or five pieces of mail. And first thing that I opened was an offer to join American Express. And with this offer in 1989, were two round trip tickets for $99 east of the Mississippi, or $199 west of the Mississippi. Yeah. Wow. Plane tickets for like a thousand dollars from Atlanta to fucking Los Angeles, 1989. I mean, they were not cheap. And I just saw it and I thought, this experience is over. If I wanna do my year in the school, I'm never gonna spend a dollar on this card.


I'll just have it, and then I'm gonna use both of these vouchers. Wow. And that's exactly what I did a year later. And Who went with you? Nobody. Oh, I went on my own. Because You had two vouchers. Yeah. Oh, because I had two. Yeah. I didn't know. No, no, no. I used both of them. My dad came with me when I drove across country because he wanted To get his eyes on the big Yeah, the big city. Yeah. I wish you could have seen this photo. His dad is adorned head to toe in black leather turquoise on every single finger. He has photos of himself. People do ask him for photos everywhere he goes. He's a very interesting person. He's visiting Walton in New York, and people are asking for photos. And he is, oh, well, I have one signed. He has signed photos of himself. He has signed photos of Walton that he has signed.


Oh my. You need to make a mug with his picture of that. And it needs to say there's no this without me. Yeah. Because that's also true. And that's the end of the Interview. Tit for tat. Yeah. Yeah. The ride. Really. So I'm gonna blow through a couple. Yeah. Because I want to get to three things. Okay. The shield is the first from the outside. Seems like you're now in the big leagues. You have a steady paycheck. You are one of the season regulars. Is that the big Yeah, I think so. I moved here when I was 19. I had $300 in my pocket, and I lived the way that I lived and worked how I worked. And then what gave me permission not to feel like I needed to work anymore, even though I did for a little while afterwards, was the Apostle with Robert Duvall.


Oh. And that was the, wow, okay. That's my hero. And so that was really, even though I was working, I think I made $21,000 over three months for the next Karate Kid. For me, that was a lot of money. Well, Clearly, yeah. From 19 to 30 you are when you get on the Shield. 29. Yeah. 29. 29. Yeah. Yeah. You make it work. You're on Beverly Hills 9 0 2 1. Oh, Yeah. I did a fair amount of films, but then I felt like Shanghai Noon was gonna be the thing. Oh yeah. Yeah. I had a pretty big role in Born Identity that ultimately they decided to go with Gabriel Mann instead. And they just offered me another thing. People didn't know what the fuck to do with me. No one was paying attention. And I had some extraordinary experiences on location over that first 10 years.


And then The Shield happened. Yeah. When I was 29, and nobody knew that it was gonna be what it became, 86 episodes or something. Yeah, 86. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I think this is so fascinating. You had auditioned for Eastbound and Down and you didn't get it. No. And the feedback was David Gordon Green, who's a friend of mine from the independent film circuit. I just called and said, you know, Danny absolutely loves you, but just, it might be a little too dangerous for what we're doing. It's a little too chaotic, not even chaotic. It's just a little scary. I said to Danny, look, man, I think you need somebody to go toe to toe with you. You know what I mean? Yeah. Something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then we have some friends in common. Leslie Bibb actually had New Year's Eve party, and Danny and David were there, and I was there.


She's one of my best friends with Sam. Then that was kinda the beginning of a conversation. I feel Like, I remember watching an interview with Todd Phillips, and I thought he said the coolest thing. He said, you know, for me, comedy that is good has to be very dangerous. Oh, interesting. Or it's not comedy to me. And If you like look at his work, you're like, oh yeah, it's kind of high stakes. Everything's a little scary. You look at, you know, the hangover, any of these, they go wild. When they're gonna jump a van, they're gonna jump a fucking van. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There are real stakes. So then you get to come in and do vice principles. They offered it, and I was doing the Hateful Eight. We were in Colorado, and I read it, and he talked about it at this party, and I read it and thought, okay, this, I know what to do with.


And so I just kind of did that. And it was three lines into it where I think he was like, okay, You're outrageously good in that. I couldn't believe the story of Hateful Eight. And If you would just indulge me in Monica. I think the audition for Hateful Eight is one of my favorite audition stories I've heard. If It's the story that I think you're talking about that was for Jengo. Oh, I'm sorry. Yes, duh. But you get Hateful Light. Sorry, which led the, yeah, the Hateful Light. Oh, I'm sorry. That's Embarra. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's easy. I can't believe you know what you fucking know. Honestly, It starts with the call to Rodriguez. I get this script like everybody else in town, and I read it on the plane to New York and Stand with a Friend, and it's one of the best things I've ever read in my life.


Yes. He's only made nine, you know? Yeah. So it's the repeat cast, it's the golden ticket. It's a very small group of people. I just feel that way about Mike White. Yeah. And the White Lotus. There are a number of filmmakers that have that stable of actors. And If you can kind of get in that Christopher Guest, I mean, unbelievable. But Quentin is probably by far the the most in my book. But I read it and I was like, I don't have to get this. I just want to fucking read these words in front of this man. And so I called Robert Rodriguez, who's a friend of mine, and they're obviously really good friends. And I said, man, I've never asked you for anything. Could you please text Quentin for me? And just say that I have this guy like to read. 10 minutes later, he texted back the text from Quentin, which was, I love Goggins. Oh, I love his work.


You know? And it was like, fuck, okay, well then that's it. Could you print it out and just frame it? Unbelievable. That's enough. It's more than I wanted. Yeah. We could ever expect, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's always nice to live your life as If you should be surprised if anyone has seen any fucking thing to be done. Sure. But to be seen by a hero just feels really crazy and then Liked. Yeah, that's right. Just Seen, Liked and appreciated. And then it just happened to coincide with a really good friend of Quentin's was one of my wife's dear friends, and she called and she said, I just read this script and you gotta be in this movie, man. You're in this. You're one Of these Guys. Yeah. And she said, let's have a dinner with Quentin. I'm the guy that's like, no, no, no. I don't wanna do that.


I don't ask anyone, anyone, Anyone. I don't seem opportunistic is like, I'm gross that fucking guy out this dinner, talk about everything. But the script until the very end. And I said, I think this is what you're saying, and how I felt a thousand people that probably said, I said, well, I want you to come in and just pick a few roles. And so I did. Started kinda reading them and there it was. And he was like, that's fucking great, man. I'll be speaking to you. And I said, well, I'm not leaving. I said, what? I said, well, I didn't come here just to read these three roles. I don't give a fuck if I get this job, man. I just wanna read your words in front of you. I wanna read all of these roles. Wow. I wanna read Leo. I wanna read. Sam Is Kurt Russell is like, I just wanna read this shit. And he's like, really? And he said, okay, let's do it. And then he read everyone else in the scenes and You did the whole movie.


Basically. We worked for like an hour, hour and a half. We did a lot How fucking that Big seminal scenes. Just the unadulterated enthusiasm and love for what he puts out in the world and his words. And at the end of it, it was like, fucking really good to see you, man. Can't wait for the next time. This'll cross my mind on my deathbed. Thank you. Thank you, man. Oh, how cool. And then, yeah, you get the call. A couple of months went by, it's like, okay buddy, come down to New Orleans and play with us. What If You were like, I can't. I don't want it. I just came to just do that one thing. I don't really wanna be in the movie. It was cure. You can't top what happened. But thanks, I appreciate it. Thank you so much. I imagine you deal with this. The characters are so fucking different. I may have seen Vice Principals, but if I don't follow show business, I don't realize that's the guy from Hateful Eight.


They're so different. And if I fell in love with Uncle Baby Billy, I'm not putting that together with the Shield. It's almost probably a bit of an Achilles, which is, I think you deserve to be the biggest star in the world. But I think the work is so unique and different. I don't know. People are connecting the dots. 'cause now I'm a hyper fan and I didn't even think, oh right, I gotta go and watch. I went and watched Justified. I had never seen it, but I'm like, well, I'll go up for Goggins. God damn, he's great in that again. But I watched Hateful Eight a couple months ago in a sea of the most talented people. That's the performance in the movie. It's incredible. I can't believe you went from a smaller role in jangle and then got called to the big leagues and did what you did in that movie.


Is fucking nuts, dude. Thank you man. Oh my God, it's so impressive. I'm so happy for you that you got to go into Tarantino's world and have him trust you with that much. And then to fucking score touchdown after touchdown. Well Look, Maybe you feel this way. A lot of people in this business and outside of this business, listen to your podcast. And I think for so many of us kind of coming up, I mean we're from a different generation, but the barriers to entry, the gatekeepers to this experience, it's like every day you're not even trying to fucking get to base camp one on Mount Everest. You're just trying to get up that hill. It's a Nepal fucking to the airport like Hill that you're gonna fall down.


Yeah, that's right. You're just trying to get a flight to the airport. Nepal At that point. It's as far as you could have gone. If you feel like I do about Tarantino, that's Exactly how I feel. But whenever you see someone that's been around for a long time like Rockwell or Crude Up, I mean even Garrett Dill Hunt, all of these fucking people that have been around for a really long time, and we've been around for a long time. And you just see consistently good work over a long time. And it's like, oh wow. I mean Pedro Pascal's been doing great work for such a long time. And it's like, wow, okay, there's one for the good guys. Yeah. Yes. There is no limit on their staying power. They're inoculated by talent And wisdom and choices. And so the guys I'm also a fan of, I won't name any names, but we know them, the people that If you were an envious person, which I'm really not, except at other people's careers, I really don't look in other lanes.


But the people in my twenties for a moment was like, fuck. I wish I could, you know? But I wouldn't trade my walk for oh those three years. And I think you probably wouldn't either. I've been walking the road that I've been walking for a very long time. I would argue it's preferred. I agree. Me too. When you're young, If you come out and you drop right into the World Series, it's hard to appreciate. It's hard to conceptualize. It's hard to integrate process. It's hard to stay. Yeah. It's hard to stay and to kind of just keep walking in the back door and then you leave and you're like, who is that guy? That was that? You know, it's so preferred for your life story, your own narrative self. It's such the way to do it. Yeah, I think so. You don't remember this, but very first time I met you, it was nothing more of like a hey.


But it was really just me across the room silently thinking like, fuck you. Fuck this fucking guy. Why? What Is the true story? 'cause it was for an audition and it was just the two of us in this room. And I walked in and I looked at you and you were sitting behind this desk and it was like a room with chairs. They had us kinda waiting in. Maybe it was a second callback or something, I don't know. But I walked in and it was like, oh, this fucking guy. I just felt like it ain't my day, you know? Oh wow. What? I don't know this Well, it was for I'm So scared. No Employee of the month. Oh, Oh my God. With Dane. Dane And Dane came in. I don't know If you knew him, I don't remember. But it was some interaction that it was just like this easy.


Oh these guys. Oh That Is so Funny. Impossible to believe this story. I don't remember where it was, but I remember the room and I remember where you were sitting. No way. Yeah. And then seeing the movie kind of when it came out, it was like, wow. You know what? Yeah. It was his. For sure. That's A Ego boost for you. Should Be. Yeah. And yeah, if I were you, I would hate me. No. Yes. I like what this motherfucker was on punk. It was just like Know, you kind of walk in one and it's like, oh well you know what? I'm still gonna have fun. And I did. I wanna see the version of the movie with you. I don't know Man. Oh My God, that's crazy. That just blew my mind. Okay, last thing before White Lotus is of course Righteous gemstones.


Uncle, baby Billy. Yeah. Again, I see all your shit outta order. So I first saw Righteous and I was like, who the fuck is this guy? Funny uncle, baby Billy and Chris and I are just obsessed with the show. I'm writing emails to Danny who I barely know, but I have to tell him after every episode. Oh wow. The pilot of that. I'm like, did Scorsese fucking direct this pilot? This is a comedy. Look at these shots. Yeah. We fall so in love with you. Well, he was in Vice principles. We learn, we go back, I watch Vice Principals just 'cause I'm now on my Walton Goggins train and I'm like, oh my God, he's this and this. I don't really have a question. We Just finished the fourth season. It's really good. I can't tell you anything that it's about.


But the first episode of season four, and I'm gonna go on record of saying this as a piece of writing. If I had read that in The Atlantic, I think the motherfucker would be nominated for a Pulitzer. Wow. You know really what he's saying at this stage of his exploration in that world. And everybody obviously has a great arc and a great story. But Baby Billy will have this summer 2025 fucking hit. I'm gonna tell you right now, whatever you're wearing right now, come June or whatever, when you're a bathing suit, you will be singing this fucking song. I promise. Oh my God.


It's good y'all. I can't wait. And it says a lot about a lot. It's cool. I guess my one question about vice principals and righteous is If you had to guess at a percentage, what percentage is you guys riffing and what percentage is on the page? It feels impossibly organic. 98% is on the page. No shit. No shit. He's so brilliant. That's some writing. Ededie Patterson. Oh, She can let a rip Do fucking anything. God. Yeah. Yeah. Adam can fucking do that. Mikayla Watkins can do that. Cordy, it's not my thing, but I understand where the story is and I understand, okay, these are five or six tangents that I can go down, turn yourself over to that and see kind of where that takes you.


But he realized that about me very early on, that it's the words on the page that is liberating to me. Right, right, right, right. And then we carried that into righteous gemstones. I think I'll work with him for the rest of my life. If There was a career to envy a be yours. 'cause you're in the Tarantino stuff. But I would say of the television shows, my favorite comedy is definitely righteous gemstones. I think my favorite big, huge action thing is Fallout. I love that show. Thanks man. And then my very favorite, both of ours, kind of social commentary, charactery Deliciousness is White Lotus. You're in the three shows that are my favorite. The two previous seasons have been so good.


I think we all had so much anxiety when season two came around. 'cause I'm like, how on earth that hotel manager in season one, like who's gonna pick up that slack? And then it, and They do deliver. They did it. His social commentary, what he's able to tackle, which I feel like you're not allowed to. And he does perfectly. Yeah. Just the notion last season you had these two couples and these two cheat, they're shitty and this is the good one. And then as you're playing with it, you're like, well I'm not sure which one I'd rather be a part of. That's right. Oh, here's the perfect guy who says all the right things. Why isn't she horny for him? We gotta deal with that. That's a real thing. It's so brave and awesome. It is. And no one writes an existential crisis the way that he does. Yes. Wealth gives him permission, I think, to parody these people and to make them real simultaneously.


'cause these situations do happen to people outside of this very specific economic kind of section of society that he explores. Yeah. This is his words, not mine. If first season was about money, the second season was about sex. This season is about religion. It was everything that I had hoped it would be. And there are so many things that happened over the course of this experience that I'm not at liberty to really talk about. Tough Project to promote actually. Yeah, It is with a lot of projects. But that one in particular, I think they do actually kill you. Right. It was a body floating somewhere. But I felt like I had my own apocalypse now that I was willed in a boat going upstream to meet Captain Kurtz, which was also me Because of the real life or the story because Of the story that I was telling.


Does it help that you're in Thailand for six months living at the actual hotel you're working in? Yeah, living at the hotel. And sometimes the hotel was completely bought out, so it was just us. And then other times, you know, they weren't able to do that. So you're literally checking in as an actor next to guest that are actually there on vacation. You're like peeking at the hotel pool going like, oh wow, that's that character. Yeah. Its a weird fourth wall being broken Way. Yeah. But I've seen two episodes and it's really fucking good. Oh, I cannot wait. And it's similar, but it's different. And I can say that my journey in this world, it's something that hasn't been seen or explored by Mike in other seasons, but everyone just kills it.


Is it hard being there though, for six months? No. Fuck yeah, man. I mean, I haven't been home 11 days this year in success. It becomes harder, you know? And that's the thing I don't think people realize because You're having to turn down now really great opportunities. Well, I mean, you're just away from home for a long time. It's lonely. Yeah. I don't think people anticipate that. It's like, oh my God, I'm getting all these opportunities and it's incredible. But at the end of the day, you go back to a house or your hotel room and you're alone, which I'm good at. And if I'm having a problem with it, I know other people are. Everyone went through their own crisis. Yeah. Over the course of this experience, which is Maybe helpful for the project. It's a story that can induce that experience. Exactly. Certainly for me, the way that I approached this way of storytelling, it was a fucking incredible experience.


It had everything in it soup to nuts. And I can't wait for you to see it. I cannot. And I can't wait to hear what you think about when you do see It. Oh yeah. I'm so sorry. Maybe we'll Come back on at the end of this thing when You get the call to join that cast. It was interesting because they were doing season two and I didn't know Mike, but we had friends in in common like we all do at this point. And I remember my agent saying, well you should write a letter to Mike. It's like, no man, I ain't that guy. Yeah, I ain't doing that. They didn't tell me that conversations were even happening or that it was getting close. And then it was out here. We were doing early press for Fallout and went out to dinner with my agents, which I hadn't seen in a while. And and they said, listen, congratulations. I said, for what?


And then they said, Mike wants you to do White Lotus season three. And I just started fucking bawling, started shaking at the table. Really? Yeah. 'cause I felt like it's a world I could help him tell his story. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? You were built for a white lot. You really were. Yeah. I suppose I would've felt that way if any other show or movie you're excited about or filmmaker. But it's when you understand like Quentin, I felt like I know how to tell his story. I felt that way with Mike and a few of the filmmakers that I've gotten an opportunity to work with over the course of my career. This is one of them that I walked outside and called my wife. That's amazing. My last question to land the plane is I also follow you on Instagram. I also know Corddry goes with you to like Greece or Italy.


You guys will do a proper summer in another country. It seems like you're putting as much effort into your actual life being as artistic as your work life. Absolutely. And I'd imagine some people might think that just happens, but I imagine you gotta actually approach your life just like you do a role. Wow. Never had anyone say that. Yeah. I think that it's with intention. And so this happens to be a very long stretch. We sold our home in Los Angeles and we moved across the country and we bit off maybe a little bit more than we could chew. And that's like, okay, I gotta go to work even though I've never really done anything just for the money or that I'm not proud of or that I didn't want to do. But I got offered a movie right when the strikes were being talked about.


I had this trip planned and they said, we'll offer you this amount of money. And I said, thank you but no thank you. And they said, okay, well what about this amount of money? And I said, thank you but no thank you. They said, well, would it take, I said, there is no amount of money. I'm sorry. And your listeners or other actors may say, fuck that guy. You know what? I hadn't seen my kid in a long time and I had seen my friends and that fucking time with my kid. It means more to me than anything. We're gonna do that again this year with intention. Whatever you can afford. My mom did it in Panama City Beach, Florida in a fucking tent. That is time. And it's far too precious at this stage of the game. And it is something that you can never get back. And I have shame and remorse and regret about the time that I have been away like anyone does with their children.


It's with intention and, and we're gonna live the fuck outta life. Strap yourself in. Oh, strap yourself In. Fuck the fuck up. Let's all End on this. Strap in. Let's strap in. Thank You so much. GoDaddy Arrow. Alright, you go. Got a Super Bowl commercial. Let's just add that. Hey man, This is gonna come out after. Yeah, that's exactly right. Go Back and watch it on YouTube. Go Goggles has ggggggg shit. Super Bowl commercial. Well deserved GoDaddy Arrow. And hopefully people will be watching the commercial. God, you look great. You look So everyone looks so good. You know what? If you can imagine every day just feeling like Apre ski, I love it. I'm gonna wear 'em out. What I'm thinking, Monica, is our longstanding debate about whether or not I could fly an airplane if the pilot went down.


Sure. You with those goggles on, you think I could do, I'm not sure who should be flying the airplane, you or me. Oh Shit. That is quite the compliment. You look like a professional in any field with those guys on. Hey, you know what an honor man. Well, I'm so glad to. What An find me. What an honor for us. Yeah. We've been trying to get you in for years. Oh, thank you. You're so generous of yourselves and so giving of your time and such great listeners. And thank you. What a pleasure man. Just loving you from afar. So the fact that we're sitting together is such a blast for me. I adore you, Walton. This has been my blast. Thank You. What a joy. What a joy. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace. Maybe you've got dreams of turning your hobby into a side hustle this year, or finally opening an online store. Maybe you wanna share your knowledge with the world and make an online course. Squarespace is the perfect partner to take your website to the next level and help you accomplish your 2025 goals. No matter what type of site you want to build, Squarespace can help you make it. If you're starting an online store, Squarespace makes checkout seamless. Their flexible payment options, including credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay, make it easy for your customers to check out. And Squarespace has all the tools you need to create and sell your own online course. Start with a layout that fits your brand. Upload videos and customize everything with next generation editing technology. Create engaging lessons your audience will love. Then add a paywall and set the price. Take what you know and turn it into income. We use Squarespace to make our lovely website incredible and it functions. It's pretty, it's effective, it's efficient, And highly functional. Yes. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial and when you're ready to get started, go to Squarespace dot com slash dax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash dax to get started today.


We are supported by Allstate. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check your sunroof first before driving through the car wash. Like you know to put the leash on your dog first before you open the door to go for a walk. Not that I've ever made that mistake and had my dog run outside without me, or scream his name repeatedly over and over and over again until I found him. Or you know, to check that the guy who asked you out is an arm cherry first before you agree to go on a date with him. Sage advice. Essential Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. This content is intended for audiences in the US only. Savings vary terms. Apply Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


We are supported by the all new Galaxy S 25 Ultra from Samsung. This phone is a true AI companion that evolves with you to do more for you like handling multiple tasks with just one ask. For example, you can tell it to find a restaurant nearby and text it to my friends or look up my favorite basketball team schedule and add it to my calendar. And it does it just like that. You just speak the request naturally. And the new Galaxy S 25 Ultra takes care of the rest. Okay, this is what AI was meant for. That is seamless Plus now brief with Galaxy AI gives you personalized daily briefings that keep you a step ahead. It'll show you your appointments, the weather, your energy score and more all in one place. Ready to let AI do more for you. So you can do you then get your Galaxy S 25 Ultra now@samsung.com. Compatible with select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy. Now brief with Galaxy AI displays daily select information from select apps may require internet connection Galaxy AI features by Samsung free through 2025 and require Samsung account login.


He is in our care expert buddy makes mistakes all the time. Thank God. Monica's here. She's gotta let him have the facts. Oh, look at our trophy. Look at our trophy. That's a cool trophy. Very space age. Yeah. It's meant to be hung. Okay. It has this at the bottom. I guess it looks like a quotation above someone's head. It Does. I'm holding up a square armchair expert with Ex Shepherd Spotify. 500 million streams plaque. We were awarded gold status. I was told a trophy gold status.


I need to start this fact check by saying my most deepest Thank you. I've never been more grateful than last night. I was asked to be one of Bill's 10 or 11 stops on his book tour. Yeah. Awesome. And it was at a live event. The car. I know some beautiful theater. Ooh, where? In San Francisco. Oh Nice. Yes. Sorry If you already said that. No, I don't think I did. Okay for the listener. I didn't say that. Okay. Okay. It's not our show. Right? Yeah. It's not handheld Mikes I'm, I can't go out and I had a time and warm everything up and then bring Bill out.


There's like a whole thing, you know, it's their show. Right. And there'll be a video and another woman introduce us for a while and then we sit down. I'm in the wrong side. Suffice to say it. It just wasn't like one of our shows. Sure. So I guess they gave me about a ton. I'm not gonna exaggerate maybe like 20% nerves. Of course it's different. And it's like, I don't know if it's all people there to see Bill Gates and Yeah. They're learning who I am and they don't understand I'm gonna have a sense of humor, whatever all this to say. Soon as we sat down, I said, are there any arm cherries here? Oh and Mon, They loved it.


Whole Place was arm cherries. Oh, That's so sweet. And I immediately felt so comfortable. Yeah. And confident and relaxed. That's awesome. And I was so grateful. I couldn't believe how grateful I was. Yay. I was like fucking armchair. We love them. Show up. They really do show up. Yeah. And you know, I had my whole family. Yes. Your original family. The OF. Yeah. Your sister, your brother and your mom. That's right. The original crew. Yeah. The original four. Yeah. The Fab Four. Was that lovely? It was lovely. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And they got to meet Bill for a while. Yeah. And my brother has been obsessed with Bill since he was a kid.


Really? Oh yeah. 'cause my brother was very into computers. I Didn't know that. Yes. Oh, how special. Obsessed with Bill Gates his whole life. Okay. Even when I was talking to him before the event, I was saying like, oh my God, you gotta read the book. It's so funny. There are so many funny stories in this book about him being 13 and showing up places with a briefcase and business suits on and making products. And the whole thing is so it sounds like a cartoon. Yeah. And he was like, oh yeah. My favorite thing is that his mom said, what are you doing in here? In his, in his bedroom? And he said, I'm thinking you should try it. Oh my God. And and my brother just knew all this stuff I had just learned in the book.


And he somehow had already known, of course any who they got to chat for quite a long time. It was a very special experience for my brother. That's Great. And yeah, it was. It was sweet. And then yesterday we gave it to San Francisco, straight up the Henny. We, in four hours we saw that whole city, Monica. Nice. We saw Alcatraz, we saw the Golden Gate Bridge. The Bay Bridge. We Wow. Went through Chinatown. We went through North Beach, we went to Lombard Street. Oh. We got on the trolley and Ra rode the full loop of the trolley. Wow. Hanging out the side. Monica. So is that something you do with your original family?


Because I don't think you do that with your current family. I wouldn't Do it. No. My brother had never been to San Francisco. Shockingly. But, so yeah. Seeing Alcatraz and all that stuff. The Golden Gate Bridge, all very exciting Trolley. Rice Eroni, the San Francisco tree. Oh, Full house. Ding Ding. D Olsons, full house. Lombard Street. Do you know Lombard Street? I've heard, I don't Know. It's the one that's really twisty. Oh sure. That goes down the extremely sea steep. And when my brother and I were children, there was a show called, you can't do this on television. No, that's Nickelodeon, it was called. That's incredible. Ooh. And Doug de Moki, the wheelie king rode a dirt bike, a wheelie down Lombard Street. Oh. Never putting it down.


Rode over cars on a wheel. Oh, That sounds Bad. It was very memorable. Seminal moment on television for us. And so to be on lumbar where our hero, Doug Cus had done that sweet wheelie. And then some arm cherries were in a 1960s VW Micro bus coming down lumbar street. Oh. And started hollering out the window. Sometimes People shout out the window and their arm shares. This happens. Yeah. Yeah. And I just wanna say to anyone who does that to me. Yeah. It just happened a few times. Yeah. Don't think I'm a bitch If You get shook a little bit. Yeah. Or my first reaction is like, really A twist eye rolly, not Eye rolly. Like, don't, Don't hurt Me.


Yeah. Don't hurt me. Okay. Don't hurt me. Don't hurt me, please. I'm small. Or I look scared and angry. That's just my reaction. But then you let it, as a woman, you Let it in. But then they say like, I'm listening, or I listen, or I'm whatever. And then I, I, I stopped listening with me. I don't like it anymore. What happened? He yelled Up. Should have never done video. Yeah. Recently a guy did that. He honked. Mm. And then he, I looked over with a mean face. Oh, great. And then he pointed, he, he was listening at that moment. He like raised the volume. Oh, great. And that was exciting. But I, Gary you thought I'm also sorry. You, when you just pointed, it looked like he was pointing at his crotch.


But it was obvious it was the dash. An Armchair would, would never do the, I know he won it, but I'm saying, God, it was clear that he was pointing to his stereo. Yeah. Okay, great. Because when you just did it, it wasn't clear. Okay. All right. Okay. Anyway. So go on Lombard Street. You in Lumbar Street, Chinatown. Grapefruit, little Italy. Little Alcaraz. That fucking trolley made us so happy. The, the cable card. Fun. Because that's really Classic. I just said the cable card. The cable card. It didn't, it didn't read. You know, I just think it's not, there's a cable running under the street. It is not that they put in, in 1870. That just still going go, going in a circle.


Also had some great meals. Ooh. Really great meals. San Francisco has great cuisine. Oh My goodness. In fact, one of these places, if you're there, I insist you go called Cavalier. It's done up. It's a bar, restaurant, tavern. Ooh. And it's done as an English hunting lodge. Oh. And the decor was, decor really works for me, For everyone. It does work for everyone. Right. Reason, aesthetics are important. I guess it should admit something really gross. Okay. Distasteful. Yeah. Just bad. But since we are honest here Yeah. When you, when you started your fact check about wanting to say thank you.


Yeah. I thought you were saying thank you to me. Oh, I can think you as well. I thought, because I thought where the story was going Yeah. Was that It's so much easier together. Yeah. Yeah. That I mean that's true. That's totally true. I should have said that. Now I'm sad. I didn't say that. No. Yeah. I always walk out with you. Yeah. So in tu I mean, if we eat a big turd together, it'll be together. Right. I thought maybe that's what was coming. And then I thought, oh, it's not, maybe it's a different Thank you also to me because, 'cause what? 'cause what was the second reason? I probably agree with it too.


Because, 'cause you were gone and you, as you said, you took your sis sweet sister. Yeah. Yeah. Who, who runs this household. Yeah. Keeps it in check. Yes. And Kristen was at a table read. Oh, yesterday. I don know if I'm allowed to say that, but I Think it Came out. Yeah. It's been announced For the show. Yeah. Season two, A bill inquired about it. 'cause he's a dad. So He's a dad. I tried to explain that to him and didn't, he didn't understand that why, that's why he liked it. But I tried. Yeah. It's hard to explain that to people. But anyway, he, so she was at tail breed. So she was at Fox. She was far away. And Ana was with her. Yeah.


And Lincoln had a tummy ache. Oh no. At so do you have to rescue Her? So I went to pick her up. Was that your first time at that school? Yes. And isn't it beautiful? First of all, it's beautiful. We won't say what it is. No. Even though you probably already have on here. I haven't. But it's, it's beautiful. But I was lost. Yep. There's, it's like big, It's like a mini UCLA. Yeah. There's a campus. There's, and I was lost and I kept having to ask like teens, But they're so confident. Did you, so what? Yes. My, I think the first thing is you're like, wow, this is a really pretty campus. Yeah. That quickly pales in comparison to how palpable the confidence is of all those gals running around.


Yeah. They're they're on, they're living out loud. But yeah. So I kept having to ask all these teens. One teen really was like, the middle school's over there. Like, she was mad at me. Gross middle school. Yeah. And I was like, I'm cool. Like I have a podcast. Do you listen to podcasts? I must have stopped three different people and I could not figure it out. But I, I eventually, eventually, I never got her. She's still there. Did she get home And then, you know, she picked me up or I, She grabbed, swung by on her motorcycle and picked, grabbed me because I was lost. But it was so cute. And she said, oh, I thought you would be in San Francisco or whatever. I thought you'd, I thought you'd be with dad.


Yeah. And I said, oh no, it's just dad. And he, she was like, he he kicked you out. Oh. Oh Jesus. And I said, no, that's not really how it works. No benefit of the doubt there. Yeah. No. And she went straight tight and kicked you out. She did. I said, yeah, you should punch him. I didn't wanna tell her that her appendix might explode. And that's what was Go mid maybe going on. Yeah, sure. That was your first though. That was my instinct. So I stuck around in case it didn't explode. It didn't, it didn't. Did she have a poop and then feel water? Probably. Probably. I didn't ask. Yeah. I'll find out tonight. Okay. We, my first question too Involved about the Poops. You get that thing out. You get it. I have one really special moment before this show.


They said we want to do a viral video with them. Got. And I was like, of course. So we played this game Heads up. And then what's funny is it was Tess on things from the book. Oh. But they put in Catcher in the Rye. Oh. Which wasn't in the book. Okay. But he said something and then I got it. I was, it was on my head. Yeah. And he goes, was that in the book? And I go, I don't think that was in the book. Is that one of your favorite books? And he goes, oh yeah. And I go, oh, it's my absolute favorite book. And then we're like, we talk for two seconds. And I go, is that why you named your daughter Phoebe? And he goes, yeah. Oh, Cute. And I go, I, from the second I read that book, I was like, if I have a daughter, it's gonna be Phoebe.


And it felt very connected. I really liked it. I had had the same exact Wow. Cadences. And I had that bonding moment too. Aw. I think a handful of men have named their daughters Phoebe because they fell in love with that Character. You know, you didn't do that. Right? Is that not my first board's name? I'm so sorry to tell you. Maybe So sorry. Yeah. Well that's because we thought we were been a boy, If you recall. Sure. Now, you know, You have another Delta could've ended up being a Phoebe. Yeah. She would've been such a good Phoebe. Yes. She would've, that Name really would've worked for her. It would. Although Delta really works pretty good for her too. Of course. Yeah. I can't, Ima Yeah.


Maybe if I have one. I'll name it. Phoebe. That's A ding ding ding. People have been pointing out in the comments that my new over indexing is Delta. Oh. Which is, that's a a hundred percent true. Yeah. Not Delta, my daughter. Oh. The distance between two things. Oh, the gap. Yeah. Yeah. When I talk about, I'll say Delta and people are really noticing it. And I Guilty as charged. Okay. Yeah. I love it. It's very, it's very efficient. It is. Instead of saying the difference between, or a gap between. Yeah. Actually, yeah. I guess you do do that. I do it a lot. Yeah. I really got it from Formula One. Mm. They, they, they use Delta a lot in Formula One.


What did you do while I was gone? Other than get lost at Lincoln School On campus. Yeah. Oh. There's just something about being at school. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I went to In and Out this weekend. You Did? Yeah. You got animal style fries and a and a what? A Single And I got, no, I got, I'm gonna blow my nose. Okay. Sorry. That's okay. I, I've Have you blown today. I've lost some progress. Oh, all right. But it's, hasn't returned to the insanity, but it's also Okay. Did you slip up on your trip With Blowing? Yeah, probably. Yeah.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Hotel rooms. Well, I bring tissues over to, to the bed every night to have them ready. And then when they're there, then I kind of gotta use 'em. Sure. But I can't risk that I will make it without blowing my nose and have to get up. It's, there's a lot of stuff to consider. I Know. Did anything else interesting happen? Oh my God. Super Bowl. Oh, duh. D Doy. That would be crazy. What was your favorite commercial? The Nike Women's commercial. That Was awesome. I love that. Playing Led Zeppelin. Oh, I bought the shirt. Oh good. Yeah. That was a very cool commercial. Yeah. That was probably the best. But man, I love Willem Defoe. I do. I do too.


I mean, he's With Catherine O'Hara. I know. That was a good pairing. But he's just what? Run to the pod. Go check out his episode. He's so unique. What a gift He is. He is. He's a blessing. Love him. Yeah. I loved that. He's a blessed. He Is. Yeah. That was good. He's Like NA Wes Anderson movie, even if he's in a commercial. That was great. I couldn't hear all of them. Yeah. I didn't see most of them. I started it an hour and a half late. Oh, you Did? I did. Wow. Yeah. And then fast forwarded through everything to catch up. Okay. Not needing to catch up as it turned out. 'cause nothing changed. Yeah. But the only thing I cared about really, really delivered.


Which was the commercial, the halftime show. Oh, The halftime show. Oh my God. I loved it. But I definitely thought his mic was too low. I was having the hardest time hearing him like the first four songs. Well, We couldn't hear, but I, it was, It was a bad mix. It Was the tv. No, because when I watched it on YouTube, I could hear everything. Oh really? Yeah. You should watch it on YouTube. I wonder if on YouTube they cleaned that up a bit. Oh, maybe. But on the broadcast, I was like, the, his vocals need to be way up. Just barely hearing the words. Wouldn't watch it on YouTube. Yeah. Should. I thought it was so good and so well done and so smart as he is. All of those things. I don't know. I just thought it was so powerful.


I loved it. And there's all these like, hi. I love Hidden things. Okay, what were some of the, hi the Heidis. I love clues. What Were, what was in there? Well, did you realize, you probably say these probably aren't clues. They're probably obvious, but stage. Yeah. It was a PlayStation. 'cause it, the whole thing is like game the game. So he's like playing this game with Drake also, when Samuel Jackson is out there. It's kind. I thought He was incredible. He's Incredible. Uncle Sam. Oh my God. He was so in incred. That's, that's a hard lift. He's gotta pop in and out. Perfect timing. I know. Finished before he's gotta start. That was complicated. Yeah.


And he was great. He was perfect. But Yeah, he was almost more Kendall Lamar than Kendrick Lamar. No, don't say Yeah. Cut that. No. Oh my God. No. Sam Jackson's like the original Kendrick Lamar. Well, he I'm sure that's why he was there. Yeah. He of course is iconic. But They have the same vibe and spirit. Yeah. Yeah. But the, just the message of No, No tap dancing. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. It's really cool. We're not playing this game. Yeah. That was great. Serena. Yeah. I didn't, you didn't see that. You have to rewatch this Serena Williams. She Sang she came Out and was crypt dancing. Oh, I didn't see that. You got you.


I thought you were saying the female singer was Serena. No, that's ssa. She's Huge. Yeah. I was like, I don't think, I think you got close, but I, I don't think it's starting. I know what I'm talking about. You do. You know more than I do for sure. I didn't see Serena K crib. I Think you definitely need to rewatch. Okay. It's, I had it very loud and I got, I got goosebumps many times. Several times When it's the American flag and he's standing in the middle of it. And they're all, all of the dancers in the arrangement are black. Just so powerful. Yeah. This is really, It was, it really was. I love him. I, he, I want him to come on this show so badly.


Yes, me too. I had to get brought up to speed by Tim Lovette about The beef. About The beef. Yeah. I, I try, I told you a little bit about the Beast. I Know about the pedophile part. Yeah, I know about the lawsuits. Yeah. I didn't know that he called Drake a colonizer. I didn't know that whole Aspect. That's in the song. Yeah. Yeah. And that Drake had called him, accused him of making slave music. Did you know that part? No, But I know Drake, so I guess there was this huge, like, and Drake Is rich. I heard Drake is rich. Drake Was like, grew up rich. I heard. Oh yeah. He's from Canada. You know, you know Drake is, I have zero opinion on Drake.


I just wanna say that out loud. Me too. I have zero feelings. I have zero feelings about Drake except apparently, and there's a daily on this. Well, there is. Okay. Drake likes these beefs. Like he starts them. It's part of They're good for business. Sure. Yeah. But this one really got out from, he got out. And Kenrick isn't really ever the type to get involved in these types of things. He's kind of like, which Drake also calls out. Well, he's involved with us. You think you're so few Beefs Kendrick. Yeah. He's also in a beef with Andrew Schultz. Oh. Did you not see that? Interesting. Oh yeah.


Really? And Andrew did not at all kowtow. He just went straight to war with them. And I was Like, this is crazy. What, what does that mean? Crazy. You'll, we'll have to watch all the videos. He has a line about don't let a white comedian make fun of our women or something. Oh. And then, so, and it's believed that he's referencing Andrew. And Andrew then comes out and says he's just not terribly worried about Kendrick. And Oh, you then he, his, his attack back is like, oh, here's the dude you've supported who have raped women and who have beaten women. I don't think I'm your dude. So that was his pushback and Oh boy.


Yeah. Got saucy. Well, And I thought, boy, Andrew, you're pissing off. That's So stupid of him. Very, very diehard fan base. But yeah, he's got at least those two gone. But back to Drake. Yeah. Okay. But I, in the hip hop world. Yeah. He doesn't really do this. 'cause he kind of is Drake says it too, like you put your, you think you're so great, but you think you're this like poet. Yeah, yeah. Which he is. Yeah. Any who, Drake is rich and very popular and like, you know, blends. He's not straight up, straight up hip hop. Oh, right. Yeah. He's he's More poppy mixed with hip hop.


Exactly. Yeah. Club music. Yeah. So people think he's a phony. I found myself with that tension of loving a good fuck you song. And then knowing dis track, knowing a better part of myself doesn't like this. Yeah, me too. But I, I, in this case, I don't Care. You went for it. I'm like, oh yeah, I'm getting charged up by this. Yes. And obviously that's not my aim in life is same to like, be pumped when someone else is telling another person to fuck off Me. Either Effectively. Well, the pro Okay. I agree. Unless there's a huge class distinction, of course, then I do enjoy. But regardless, yeah. I am with you. I don't like enjoy a beef dis track or a beef.


I've never, I've never been into a beef before. Right. This is your first beef. This Is my first, my first foray into beef In the world of beefs. But now that I listen to the Daily, and I know how many, so it was like this big weekend, I guess, where they were like back and forth. They were, they kept putting out songs in retaliation to one another at the end in the audience after the halftime show, it says game over. Right. 'cause he won. Right. And you know, he did win that song that his disc track won five Grammys. Right. Like if, sorry, I feel bad. I actually do feel kind of bad for Drake. Yeah. But he did start it.


I don't even know Who started. He started it. He coined the Daily. Okay. All right. I'm nervous. I don't want to be on either side of a Why. Yeah. Because I don't, I don't ever wanna know. I don't want to join a team when the half the other people hate the team. I don't, I don't wanna be on a team that's hated by half of people. It's not my desire in life. I know. I, if I care deeply about this feud between Drake and Kendrick. Yeah, I might. But I, I don't care at all. These are both very rich, talented dudes. I don't think there's an oppressed version person In this. Well, I think, yeah. I mean, they did come from very different backgrounds.


Like, I don't, it'd be like you who came from a certain background, you probably feel like you have more of an entitlement to talk about that and rap Sure. About that than somebody who didn't experience it. But again, I don't even know enough about Drake. Is he rapping about the hood? He Raps about bling. Okay. Oh, since we're talking about pop culture. Oh, yeah. Which we rarely do. And I, I tend to, for whatever reason, be allergic to, do you know the Kanye thing? Yes. So step one was arriving at the Grammy's uninvited with the wife who was then naked. Okay. That was event number one. And then he had a, he paid for his own Super Bowl commercial.


Yep. Yes. Which directed people to go to his website Said to go to easy.com. Yeah. And If you went to easy.com, there was a single item for sale and it was a shirt with a swastika on it. Yep. I mean, this is is absolutely mad as conceivable. This is horrible. I'm dying to know. It's so bad. I'm dying to hear his thought process. I'm just dying to understand. He says how he got himself to a point where he paid for a Super Bowl commercial. He hate Jewish people. He says it. It's not, we don't have to read through the lines. The fact that that's not illegal. I don't un like, I don't. Although now I guess there's talk about the NFL maybe suing him because when he did the commercial, that wasn't up.


He had real items on his site until the next day. Yeah. He changed it. Yeah. So I guess there is some conversation about him being sued for that. But I, I I don't, it's So what wanna know, he's so Embarrassing. What I want to know, to be clear, is the same thing I wanted to talk to Anne about. He knows this is a, a very damaging move. I don't know, I don't know what he Knows and what he doesn't. It's seen a point of no return. It's been like that though. He keeps doing stuff like this over and over. I mean, they escalating and severity. He, he wasn't previously to my knowledge, selling swastika shirts As a business.


He was, he was saying openly he hates Jewish people. And He's like, he's getting close to being a neo-Nazi. Close. He's a neo. Okay. Right. He's a hundred Percent. He's a, he's a black neo-Nazi. Yes, he is. Now, how does a rational one time seemingly maybe savvy and rational person end up here o other than just the obvious bipolar. Yeah, he is. He is bipolar. But yes, as I was reading something today, like that's, that's for people who are like, well he is just, he's bipolar, which he is. Yeah. 95% of bipolar people don't, aren't hate filled. They're not using it to hurt people. And Yeah.


And If you found out Hitler was bipolar, you wouldn't go like, oh. Oh, That makes sense. Yeah. I have a whole theory I'm not entitled to have about Roseanne, which is, I think the racism aside, it was racist. I acknowledge it. Yeah. But that's just one of many historic things she has done at the height of her popularity to really alienate everyone and test whether they love her. Yeah. Like the, the famous Well that's you. That that's you deciding and test what, like that's you being very introspective and saying you think it's, because deep down she's testing whether, Yeah. I think her, when she sang the national anthem intentionally poorly.


Yeah. And annoyingly and she pissed everyone off. And it's like the patriotism flared up and she's brilliant. So she's too smart to not know. That wasn't a good move. So then I wonder what story is she confirming by doing this thing? Like, well, how could she as smart as she was, convince herself that I'm gonna do this. And I think it's this, you don't believe all these people that love you, really love you. And then your brain comes up with this bizarre test of that Yeah. To find out, to confirm. You're right, basically. But no one really loves you. They love this fake version of you they see on TV or hear in music. I have to believe that's going on with Kanye.


I don't think so. You don't think so? I I, I appreciate that you really give people, and I, I don't think you're giving him the benefit of the doubt, but like, I, I think, I think a bunch of things have gone terribly wrong in his life that he's the author of No question. Yeah. He's, he creates chaos. And I think you and probably many people feel like there's a empathetic reason behind that. Well, I just think there's a reason other than that Kanye West was born evil and now we're seeing it and he hid it for 40 years. But do you think an but you don't think anyone's born evil and I don't either.


But I think people become, I do think there are a, there are people in this world who become irredeemable. They become sure. So, so driven to chaos and destruction and Yeah. I, and I'm, I'm not making an argument that he should be redeemed. No, I would hope. Yeah. No, I'm not making an argument that people who have committed crimes should not go sit in prison. But I am working with an assumption that something happened to them that now resulted in this. I think there are serial killers and I think there's narcissists and I think there's sociopaths who and joy and there's, there are sadists who like to hurt things.


I I know those people exist. Yeah. But I think a lot of non mental pathology people do really weird stuff that, I'm quite curious why they would ruin their lives this in this way. Like, isn't person who's ruined their life Oh Yeah, yeah. But over and over, like, it's not keeps doing it. He keeps causing harm. Does it seem like a tragedy to you? Because it seems like a tragedy to me. It seems like a waste to me. Yeah. But I don't, I don't think of it as a tragedy. I think what he's doing to people, I think causing this kind of fear and instability and across the board, even when he like goes up and steals the thing from Taylor.


It's all, it's all it's mean. It's bad. I am also of the belief that a lot of that type specifically thrives off oxygen. And so I don't like, I don't really wanna give him any ever, like I Right, right. I think he is disgusting. And I, I don't wanna talk about him really. I mean, this is a fine conversation, but you know, everyone's of course like posting about it. And there was an another shirt made in retaliation, which I think is awesome. That is what he wants. He wants chaos.


He wants a reaction. He wants people to be scared and be angry. And I'm, I don't wanna play Right. Like, bye. Just go away. Yeah. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by SKIMS. You know, I was just in my SKIMS tank top last night taking a little snooze. Wasn't it so cozy? Everything is so soft and so comfortable and so cute. You know, I have a bunch of their products I've, I've acquired over the years and I love them all, all for different occasions. The bras are really something special because it's really hard to find a good comfortable bra that's also chic. And they have a really good one. The fits everybody t-shirt, bra. It really does fit everybody. I have gifted this and big hit, it's a big hit. And I wear the tank tops when I go to sleep. I couldn't be happier. Shop SKIMS, best intimates, including the fits everybody collection and more at SKIMS dot com and SKIMS stores. After you place your order, be sure to let them know we sent you select podcasts in the survey and select our show in the dropdown menu that follows. And if you're looking for the perfect gift for your Valentine or for yourself, SKIMS just launched their best Valentine's shop ever available in sizes for women, men, kids, and even pets.


Do you think he's sold any? I don't know. Well, it's gone now. Oh it is? Yeah. Shopify took it down. Okay. Let's just say it's a historic public meltdown for the ages. I mean, this is one of the most bizarre things. It just, But Yeah. But it's, it's not that bizarre because it's been such a lot. He's been escalating to this for so long. I mean, there was a period where he was just writing incredible music A long Time ago. It came up with some of the greatest Jay-Z songs with him. Like there was some period where he was just a volcano of incredible creativity. He was, But we also don't know who he was back then. Like No. When I watched the doc about him before he got really crazy.


What I saw as a guy who had some very deep social challenges his whole life, I think he's been very atypical. Yes. As a person. I think so too. You know what part of the problem is, I can admit I so can't relate to hating Jewish people. It seems like the dumbest thing to me. Yeah. And so it's so cuckoo that I wonder how does one get themselves there? I hear you. And that's me too. I'm like, I don't even understand this. Right. But 6 million of them were killed. Yeah. Because someone didn't like them. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


One person who created such a massive re revolution that like 6 million of them were killed. So it's, it sounds cuckoo. And then that is also reality. We're living In. Well there's acknowledge a huge history of it. Even before they killed them, they weren't allowed to participate in most of the economy. Yeah. I think Like they've been very poorly treated for hundreds and hundreds of years. Yeah. There's an underestimation of making a group the scapegoat of a problem. Yeah. And how really bad that can get When you have poor white people living in the same city with poor black people and poor Latinos.


I see. We see the lack of resources in the competition that's definitely gonna file into these in groups. It's kind of quite predictable. Like it's a bunch of people in scarcity, blaming one another for their scarcity makes a lot of sense. I'm not even sure where you're interacting in that circle. Like you're not thinking Jewish people have taken your jobs, you're not thinking like all these other things that perpetuate that kind of inner city poor stereotyping and racism. Yeah. It's just like they're not going to jail a lot. There's nothing, I'm not even sure there they're, you know, They control the media. They, there's, there's narratives.


I mean, they're ridiculous. Yeah. But there are narratives that get built about. That's why I'm so allergic to any stereotype, whether it's good or bad. Because you don't know what the good ones though. No, because it's a GI like the good ones. As soon as you start doing massive generalizations, it's Indians. S have really great hair. No, only me. Yeah. Yeah. It's just, it's, it is. I've, I mean, I've been not really paying on purpose. Too much attention to what has been going on in the world. It does feel a little irresponse, like I'm trying to figure out the line of complete ignoring and keeping my sanity.


Yeah. I haven't really found it yet, so I'm, I'm sort of not partaking at all. But yeah. Things make your way to you. Yeah. And it is scary. I mean, it's just, well that, and then to circle back to a little bit is, oh my God, it's so crazy. He put this t-shirt up. It's not that crazy because permission has been granted by our most elite in charge to say whatever the fuck you wanna say to do whatever the fuck you wanna do. Elon is doing a hail Hitler that was at our United States inauguration.


So, you know, I'm just saying like, it's not out of nowhere. That someone crazy like that is, is gonna feel like, well, now is the time I can put my t-shirt up. Okay. Well, speaking of stereotypes, yeah. Walton, ugh. Walton Goggins. Shout out to Georgia Southern. A school near where I grew up. How far? 60 miles. Ooh. You know, I don't know about Miles. Probably further. 'cause Atlanta's really in the middle. So if it's called Southern, I gotta, it's gotta be closer to Florida now. No, no. It's in, It's in the Georgia, the Atlanta area. In Georgia. It's in Georgia. Right. But is it in southern Georgia?


Yeah. Okay. Closer to Florida, I guess. I would imagine. I guess I, I've never thought of it as closer to Florida, but yeah. Let's, it's to the south of even, let's, let's find out how far it is from my parents' house. Great. I'm gonna use maps for that. Okay, good. Okay. It's three hours and 28 minutes. Okay. So more than 60 miles. 150. 160. Yeah. 180. Yeah. It's 231 miles. Whoa. That's very far. Wow. From my parents. From your parents. So it must really be on that border. It's, it's here. It's here. And that's Savannah on the coast there. Okay. So it's a bit east and south.


Okay. From Atlanta. So it's, but yeah, it's pretty close to Jacksonville. Yeah. Yeah. Not too far. Not too bad. Not too far. You could be there for a lunch appointment If you had to. Oh, wow. Get some fresh oranges. I had a lot of friends who went there. Did you Guys, you guys would drive to Disney World obviously, right? Yeah. You were very close. Yeah, We would. Eight hours or were we About six hours. Hours. Okay. The speed your father drove. It was eight hours. I could do it In fine. Lemme put it in Disney World. Six hours, 55 minutes. Okay. 472 miles. Okay.


I'm sure you guys had to stop. I know what it's like. Yeah. We had to stop a Couple. We couldn't go more than 60 damn miles this summer in Europe. Okay. Tortuga? Yes. Spanish word for turtle. Well, it's a great word. It is. Yeah. His earliest memories are in Decatur. My mom worked at Decatur Federal Bank for how long? That was one of her first jobs. Okay. How long did she serve? I thank her for her service too. Me too. I don't know. Okay. Okay. An annulment. Yes. How does an annulment work? Okay. An annulment is a legal ruling that ends a marriage by declaring it invalid. It makes the marriage null and void as if it never happened. Here are the criteria.


Fraud If one spouse tricked the other into marriage. Yeah. Coercion. If one spouse was forced into the marriage. Oh, Okay. Mental incapacity. That's really bad. That's hard to, That's Sting, ding ding. Kanye's wife. Oh, okay. They could get an annulment if one spouse was not mentally capable of marrying physical inability. If one spouse is unable to consummate the marriage. Yes. This is interesting. Yeah. You were against this and I was for this, I Know I'm against it Because you can't, if someone marries you Yeah. And they can't perform sex with you, you needed to say that ahead of time.


'cause you can't just surprise someone. Well, but, and say, guess what? Sex won't be a part of this marriage. You can go, well then that's obviously the understanding was there would be sex. But What If you are married, you're having sex. Yeah. And then, but It's been consummated. Yeah, it has been consummated. Yeah. Oh, is consummate just the first time? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, so it's not like then in two months you, So you get married in a year later you still haven't had sex. Well, what If you have sex and then you stop being able to, some men have that issue. Right. So then can you null after like a year and A half after?


It sounds like consummated is a very operative word in this. Okay. Yeah. So that sounds like never had sex. Okay. That's fair. You need to tell someone up front about that. Well, what If you don't know What if you've had sex with other people and then for some reason with this person, you just can't recall. You should get your marriage old and find a partner you can have sex with. That's my suggestion there. Okay. For both parties. What about if someone Fraud? There was fraud. Fraud was listed in the divorce in the annulment with Kenny Chesney, Renee Inger and Renee Zellweger. But what Happened? I know that's the great curiosity. What was fraudulent about What was was promising Or her?


I think she cited fraud. Oh. If memory serves me. Okay. This has been a very Gossipy Ex extra, extra inside Hollywood edition. Yeah. Incest. If the marriage between people who are too closely related by blood. I agree with that one Cousins though. I agree. Wait, you don't think cousins can get married? No. Oh, you don't. That one's very loosey goosey. What? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. We had an expert on that. Had a whole chapter about incest and has gone through the world and it's very rare for a culture to have forbid cousins to get married.


It's very common everywhere. No cousins. You mean like second and third and fourth? I, I, I don't wanna marry any of my cousins. Right. But I can also imagine never even meeting your cousin. I haven't met some of mine, but I don't wanna marry them. What If you met 'em in there? If you meet 'em for the first time at 37. Yeah. And they're gorgeous. Great. Let's get married. Great. Right? Meet me at the track. Yeah. No, that's, so This is a Jonathan Knight thing. Cyclops is, No. So that's a little exaggerated. Not, not between siblings, but it Still can ha the, when it's too close, it's not good.


Yeah. But I, it That's science. This was a part of the, The book You can't remember chapter. I wanna say it might have been Paul Bloom the last time. Oh. Or at his thing. I think it's, it's been a little exaggerated. The genetic risk of cousins. I'm not, I don't wanna be with my cousins, but I don't, I don't think I care if other cousins are together. Really? I don't think I do. I have to make myself care. I don't. You, I guess, I guess people can do what they want. I mean, it's very common throughout the world. As You said, someone's preferred. No, it's Odd. Yeah. A lot of places. Places it's Preferred. No, it's not. Okay. Bigot me if one spouse was already married to someone else.


That feels fair. That feels fair. Bigge me's the only one we can come together on. That's You and I. Yeah. Well, we No mental incapacity. Right. And physical. Yeah. We don't. And coercion. And coercion And what one don't we It is just consummation, Incest. I, well, cousins And consummation 'cause Oh, consummation is physical. Yeah. I know. I'm on the fence about that one. I can't believe you're on the fence about that. What if, okay. Why get married, be friends. What if you're in, because love is not just, love is more than sex and friends. No Sexual love is romantic love. And you get married and then you have friendships that are loving and supportive.


You could be roommates, that's great. But entering into the romantic bond of marriage with no attraction to the person or interest in it being sexual with them. I think it's a deal breaker. That's a total deal breaker. No, hold on. I wanna be very clear. If you're asexual, I honor that. And you said to the person, I'm asexual, I don't ever want to have sex. Yeah. Great. And that person's like, cool. I don't either go crazy. Right. But no, I, But you really need to declare that. Okay. That can't be a surprise. Okay. I wanna pivot this a little bit. You put sexual love and romantic love in the same bucket. You, you call that the same bucket, right? Those are synonymous.


Yes. For you. Those are synonymous. Yes. That's interesting. Oh, is it? Yeah. You think that's a novel? I think there are three buckets. Okay. I think there's sexual attraction. Attraction, okay. Romantic love and then friendship love. Why would romantic love be different than the sexual bucket? Because who would you be romantically in love with it You didn't want to have sex with? You would just be in friends. Love with them as a friend. No, like I think maybe this is gendered, but I think for a lot of women, not me, 'cause I'm not married, but I could see this, I could see over time being less sexually atra.


I mean, this happens in every marriage, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You become like less sexually attracted to your marriage, marriage partner. Yeah. But you're still romantically in love with them. You love them in a way you don't love your friends. Yes. But you had a sexual relationship that has slowed down as opposed to you were never intending to have a sexual relationship and sex was never gonna be A part of this. You know? I know. I guess I'm just saying to me those are, they're three buckets. They're not like loving someone romantically or loving a partner apart from sex is a different kind of love and care and, and then a love for a friend.


For me. For you. No, this is kind of interesting. Yeah. I think I am either I want a romantic love with a woman or I want a friendship, love with them. I, there's no third bucket for me. And considering love, love, sure. There's people I would love to have sex with. Right. That I would not want to hang out with. Which is kind of gendered generally speaking. But yeah. There's no one that I would want a romantic relationship with that I wouldn't want to have sex with. Wouldn't happen. Right. Then they would just be a friend and I wouldn't marry them.


Yeah. You want to marry a friend No. And have no sex. No, I know. I did not. I did not. And not justify an annulment if they asked for it. I did Not say that. I didn't say that. I just, I, I just think romantic love is different than sexual attraction. Obviously you want both in your ma in your husband's or Like romantic love is wanting to kiss the person's lips. Yeah. That's fun. Yeah. That's the same thing as sexual attraction. But those aren't different things to me. But Over time, Like there's no one I want to kiss really bad, but then don't want to have sex with, if I want to kiss them and I love them.


But N but like over, over time in the ma not to get too personal. Yeah. But like every time you kiss Kristen, you wanna have sex with her. Like no. Like that's a, that it it's a No, But it's an intimacy. I to would have sex with Kristen. Well, Yeah. Yeah. Right. And if I didn't want to have sex with her, that would be an issue. But If you didn't wanna have sex, let's say like now after so many years Yeah. You stopped really wanting to have sex with her. Yeah. But you, you still love her romantically in a way that is different than how you love Yeah. I just, friends, I, I think comparing something 20 years out and Well that's hard. Me weak one. No one's getting a marriage.


Al after 20 years I'm talking, you marry someone is as revealed to you. They have no intention to have a sexual relationship with you. I think you are definitely entitled to get outta that marriage. No problem. Yeah. I mean I guess I, I agree. It's false advertisement. Well also it's on you. Why haven't you, why, why haven't you asked about their sexual appetites before you married them? Well I think you have said I can't wait to be married. I can't wait for our first night. I can't, I'm sure. Oh, then that's Fraud. And then the person didn't go, there's not gonna be a first night. Just so you know, because I don't want to have sex with you 'cause I'm not romantically attracted to you at all. What If they want to really bad but they just can't, Meaning they can't get an erection.


Yeah. It again, If you are not able to ever get an erection and have sex with your wife, then I think your wife's entitled to be with someone who can. I am sorry. It's already a bummer for you. It shouldn't also be a bummer for that person. Okay. What if a couple was waiting to have sex until they got married? Yeah. And then they both were really horny. He could get it up. Yeah. Everything Was working. He could get it in. Yeah. Yeah. And but then on the night of the wedding, his dick gets cut off by a stranger. Someone comes, a robber comes in and he starts attacking and the rob cuts his dick off and leaves.


It's still not fraud. 'cause you didn't false advertise. Right. You just, someone cut your dick off. Yeah. That per someone cuts my dick off. I'm still gonna put a lot of energy into making sure Kristen's still having lots of sexual experiences. But not, I'm not gonna sexual intercourse With my penis. No, because it's gone and consummate. It's gone. It's gone. That's called consummate. Okay. So it's on the actual day of the wedding. Yeah. I mean that's quite complicated. Okay. And I don't know if we have a single case of that ever happening. Okay. Well, but if that happened, that would be up to the gal to decide if she wanted to never have sex the rest of her life. Yeah. Or if she decided she does want to have sex, then what ar arrangement could they work out where she could still have sex?


Yeah. And they could still be married. Do You think most men would allow her to Have No, most men are very jealous And terrified. Yeah. Know that's the thing. They would not allow her to go have sex with Other people. I would for sure. And I would almost insist on it. I would. I know. And she probably might even want, might want, She'd Be like, can you stop? Yeah. I know it would probably be a thing. Yeah. Like you cannot, I can't go your whole life. It's not your fault that my dick got caught off at the ceremony. Right. Yeah. Little did you know she hired that robber. Oh my God. Because she was asexual the whole time. Yeah. Alright. That's it. But again, someone asexual is gonna be upset. I'm not judging you, I'm not talking about you. Two asexual people want to get married and have a non-sex marriage.


That's Great. Or an asexual person with the sexual person. If that sexual person decides, it's fine. Yeah. Good luck to them. Aw. That's up to them. They get to, everyone gets to make their own rules. Yeah. But everyone's gotta be Honest about, unless it's incest, Then you just gotta be honest. Everyone has to be honest. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. If you're not honest, I think you're bad person. You should be able to get out that. Sure. I, and I understand that. I also just think it's stupid. Like annulment to me isn't less than a divorce, just get a divorce. Well, but it is in that there's no splitting of communal property. There's no, it just never happened. There's no bunch of legal fees. There's no support.


Support. But it says the marriage records remain on file. Yeah. But you no longer have to say, I was married and divorce 'cause you weren't. Now that to me is fraudulent. If I married someone and then later and I found out that they had an annulment, they didn't tell me. All I'm saying is you're not a divorce. Say who cares To me is just the same thing. If I marry a divorce Someone or someone who got involved, same thing. I mean, should somebody, if they had an annulment. But I definitely see why if someone coerced you into any, you shouldn't have to go get a divorce and have that be your ex-husband and all these things. No, I think it should be like it never happened. Interesting. You're very religious now. I am very really under in his name.


We pray very tough. Under his eye. Under his eye. Alright. That was it. Yeah, that's it. Okay. Okay. God, I don't want you to get an annulment, but it's very fun. Why? Well, just because we just talked about it and there's, I'm wondering, you know, like what avenue are what? I Don't wanna have to go through any of these. I don't What avenue are you gonna pursue The That is so me with You because you have a, you have a menu of options. Like I want this nu which one's? Let's hope it's not incest. Ugh. So sad. All Right, love You. Bye. Love You.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Behind the closed doors of government offices and military compounds, there are hidden stories and buried secrets from the darkest corners of history. From covid experiments pushing the boundaries of science to operations so secretive, they were barely whispered about each week, un redacted, declassified mysteries. We pull back the curtain on these hidden histories. 100% true in verifiable stories that expose the shadowy underbelly of power. Consider Operation Paperclip where former Nazi scientists were brought to America after World War ii, not as prisoners, but as assets to advance US intelligence during the Cold War. These aren't just old conspiracy theories. They're thoroughly investigated. Accounts that reveal the uncomfortable truths still shaping our world today. The stories are real. The secrets are shocking. Follow redacted, declassified mysteries on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to Redacted Early and add free right now on Wondery Plus.