
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Or you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. I'm Dan Rai. I'm joined by Miniature Mouse. Hi there. And we have a very special episode today. We do. I've been teasing that this was coming out, but it was the 20 year anniversary of the release of Without a Paddle on August 20th. I had hoped we could time it perfectly, but Matthew was in Toronto filming the sequel to a very successful movie. He's a busy boy in which he plays Baltimore, which you'll hear about in the fact Yes.


Which is not, maybe he doesn't play Baltimore. But yes. So Seth Green, we love Seth Green, Matthew Lillard, myself. And we got to just go down memory lane for two hours and it was so fun. And also I'm gonna add to further confuse everybody, this is a Monday episode. Yeah. And it's video and I know that's not how we're gonna do it, but I thought if ever there was one that would be fun to have on video, this would be the one. And why not? It's also our first episode of The New Deal. Yeah. Welcome to our New Deal. Welcome. Welcome to Laundry. Welcome, welcome. Hello, it's Bob.


So yeah, please enjoy Seth Green and Matthew Lillard Without. a Paddle Reunion Without a Paddle Reunion WP Reunion. Oh, oh wp. Oh that's, there it is.


We are supported by Sleep number. They say opposites attract. That's certainly the case with me. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You like a bed that feels firm but they want soft sleep number Does that. You wanna sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. You have to feel it to believe it. Find the bed that's best fit for both of you. Only at a Sleep Number store. I like it firmer than my wife likes it. She likes it a little softer. I'm an 85 with the weather. Still scorching here in la. Sleep number's. Temperature adjustment feature has been a game changer. The sleep number Climate 360 Smart Bed lets you adjust up to 30 degrees, cooler or warmer on either side so you can be polar opposites in the same bed. But let's be real. Everybody's choosing the polar temperatures in this heat. JD Power ranks sleep Number number one in customer satisfaction with mattresses purchased in store and now during sleep number's. Biggest sale of the year. Save 50% on the sleep number limited edition Smart Bed plus special financing for a limited time. For JD Power 2023 award information, visit jd power.com/awards only at a sleep number store or sleep number.com. See store for details.


We are sponsored by Audible. A great story can really spark your imagination. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. I live for Audible as you know. Every single night I'm listening to Audible before I go to bed. I'm just slowly educating myself without any effort. Sometimes I like having it in paperback and listening to it at the same time. On Audible. Yeah. So I can go back and forth. I am currently listening to the entire works of.ky and it's gonna take me quite a bit of time to go through 'em all. and I Can't wait. And as an audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible for free for 30 days. Visit audible.com/dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's audible.com/dax or text Dax to 500. 500.


Yeah. And people didn't like that. People are complicated. Guys real hard to be a people. It is So hard to A people That especially over distance. Like it's one of the things that I love about both you guys and I'd like to say I saw it coming, was that we're all like, this is what we do. It's a career. It's not just like I got to make this movie. I like being included in that. But in reality, especially for this movie, that was true for you guys. You guys were like a decade into acting professionally. That specific movie. I really realized as it was happening that it was such a significant moment for each of us that it was going to be incredibly important for each of us for it to work.


I was mostly just scared. Scared. That's think he's internalizing what we tell ourselves past an experience is so powerful because I saw a dude who was explosive, funny, charming all the time, taking risks, zero fear As my coping mechanism of Oh my God, don don't belong here. I'm not certain what I'm supposed to do. They're all looking over there. I guess when we switch to that camera, we all move this way. And like a little panicked inside that I'll be exposed as not deserving to be there and a chip on my shoulder about coming from punk. Sure. And having loved both of you and wanting you guys to think I deserve to be there. It was complicated. It was a complicated moment for you. And then I think I'm like overly Charming.


Yeah. No, but you're proving Yourself like fearless, here's what I can do. I'm afraid about the acting, but I can jump off the waterfall like, please Bri, let me do that. That'll prove It is funny what we tell ourselves versus what anyone else is even thinking. You were so there on purpose and I who had already met you at Groundlings and then I got pumped by you Ish. You wanna walk Through the scenario what you guys did to him? Yes. Punked, Right, which I didn't know existed. I had spent like years hanging out with the cast of the seventies Show 'cause Wilmer and I had done Party Monster together. and I just knew all those kids through the business.


We'd all go hang out at the taping of the seventies show and then sometimes go out for drinks afterwards. 'cause it was a very pre-cellphone camera time. It was a entirely different place where you could actually just go out as a gang of highly recognizable people. So woman's like, oh hey, you should come to, I'm doing a charity. Have A Just come after the taping. It's gonna be great. and I was like, I don know I'm tired. And he was like, no, do it. And so I go and it was at the Sunset Tower and I had just been in this room six days prior for a table read. And so I had been in this exact same room where all of the lights are incredibly bright and I was like, oh they remodeled this room 'cause a bunch of mirrored extensions were built in front of closets.


Like wow. They redid this place and they were like, let's put a ton of mirrors in here. Well I just didn't Think about, you would never imagine that there's like a hidden camera. All the lights were on, there's no music playing. And they're like, do you want a drink? and I was like, I'll get a drink but this is a terrible party. I have to tell you this party, it sucks. and I started walking around. I was like, maybe we dimm the lights. This Says a lot about you and I think it's lovely. Which is like you got into this situation and there's a ton of other actors there and everyone's acting like they're gambling and stuff. And he is immediately like, I don't like the lighting. I'm changing the lighting in this room. Yeah. And everyone in the camera department's like, oh my God, shit. Go up to F four. You know like they're changing exposures and everything and he has no problem walking into a party that's not his party and completely changing the lighting 'cause it didn't suit him.


Maybe You don't know how to throw. That's not a People pleaser and I'm jealous of it. It's an enviable quality. Oh that's funny. But it really felt like, oh You were gonna make it. Please All, We wanna make it better. You gonna help stimulates I people would've more fun you To raise money at this fucking thing. Like you're not gonna raise any money if nobody's enjoying them. Everyone looks, whatcha talking about I'm here for the charity. And then Al, the guy from Hits from the street, BET Al Shear, He looked familiar enough that I wasn't scared of him, takes me outside, swing closer and tells me that the whole plate, nobody's all gonna give each other Covid. He takes me outside and says, Hey man, I want to be cool. I like your movies. and I was like, okay.


And my kid really likes you. and I was like, alright. And he says, listen, I'm a cop and I'm undercover. Been undercover for weeks. Oh My God. Breaking up this underground gambling ring. and I was just like, what are you talking about? And he goes, whose game is this? and I go, I literally don't know what you're talking about. My friend invited me to a charity. I'm planning on giving $500. I wasn't even trying to get in on it. Oh that was the other thing. Coach comes over to me and I auditioned for, dude wears my car with him. So I think because I was so young in this business and I've seen all the other young people come into it, I have a real soft spot for actors trying to do it.


I had a lot of nice people say, Hey, hey, hey, you totally fucking this up. Don't ever do that again. And you're just like, oh thanks Thank You. I actually appreciate that. So I like being able to give a heads up. You've probably never been here before but I've been here. And if you all watch that step, letting Folks know where the potholes are. As we was saying rap as we would say when I'm repeating lyrics from Jay-Z. Okay. Pot holes on my lawn. Hold on. I'm gonna make my first joke to Matt about Seth. So this is gonna be the 21st anniversary of the episode of Punk. Oh it is. No Oh. yeah. don don't need to. I guess that's true. But you did ask me this question.


You did. But what I love, we're already in the dynamic that we have. The whole movie Hilarious. 21 years is going by and we're like already in the exact dynamic. It's funny, I should brought it back. Emmic tape Start with Radio Days. What So stupid. Was that your first movie? That Was like my seventh movie. Your seventh Movie. How old Were you? I was 12. 12. Okay. Long story short, this guy tells you there's gonna be a raid and then all of a sudden there's guys flying through the windows. Yeah. Somebody's literally summer, AA salted through the windows. and I was like, this is so excessive. So I immediately see that none of these cops have guns. and I was like, okay, well this is chill.


You weren't nervous at all. Yeah, I was nervous. But I've also been in handcuffs a lot prior to this moment and being questioned about it. Did you say a lot? Couple of times. Oh you don't, you don't strike me as That. I was a bad kid. You are. Eth had the funnest history of heat or trench coats. He kept Si, what are they called? Si. Swords. I never had size but I got into throwing knives. God. Well 'cause the second I found out ninjas were a thing, I was like well I want to be a ninja. Sure. Naturally that's an Option. Yeah. Well I got picked on as you can imagine, I was not a popular kid. I had a tremendous amount of energy. I was hilarious looking. I wore all of my sister's clothes 'cause we didn't have money. And then I had a mom who was eccentric and bought me Norwegian shoes and then I had to wear that shit to school in Philadelphia.


Like wooden shoes? Yeah. Like straight up wooden clogs. There was at least three years that my sister and I rolled in no socks in clogs. Oh my Lord. Like if you wanna get your ass kicked in the same neighborhoods that Will Smith got his ass. Him. I didn't even play basketball. It was really bad. Yeah. Did you fight? I've been in a couple of fights. I mostly just, they threw punches or got punched. Yeah. I mean I like threw punches. You swung Back. I flailed meaninglessly in the face of some serious aggressive. I was also crazy, this one kid who had been tormenting me, we were coming down the stairs at one point. He was just like four stairs ahead of me. I just fucking leapt off the stairs, wrapped my hands like around his neck and started punching him in the face.


It was, we both fell. Oh wow. To the polished concrete floor. Four more stairs below. Oh, why did I do that? Well that's a bit of the red hair. Yeah. You always got the X factor. Really quick, one second story. So Monica and I are talking and I was explaining to her that I growing up saw on like five different occasions redheads get in fights at my school. In most cases, they were kind of outmatched size wise and that they started crying right before the fight. and I saw a strength and a veracity I've never seen anywhere else other than the redheads. And they always won. And she goes, I find it very hard to believe that every redhead you saw get in a fight. They started crying first and then won. and I said, let's call Aaron weekly. So we call my best friend and Monica goes, how did you phrase this?


Something like what happens? What Happens when redheads fight? And he goes, oh well first of all they start crying And then you beat the shit outta whoever they're fighting. It was like the exact same answer days. Any who. The point is we knew each other from Ton. I think that's funny. Yeah. But who got in the movie first? You were in without a paddle First I was You. 'cause I had just made the Italian job with Donald Deline for Paramount Great movie. Great movie was great movie. It was the movie. Only time in my entire career that the head of a studio was like, we want to be in the Seth green business. Oh. and I was like, fake Sherry Lansing, what do you have for me? Yeah. And Donald was like, we have this comedy, this character's written as a fat guy but maybe he's a short guy.


and I was like, oh fucking let's read it. That's a great time for us to introduce. And this will rain as an excuse about some of the jokes in the film. It's indicative of the period. This is 2003. Yes. And to make a comedy. Yeah. You're gonna have a short guy. Well It's more the archetype that you could fill to make a very specific type of physical joke over and over again. Whoever's playing whatever the archetypical role is, has assumed the burden of carrying out all the physical gags possible on behalf of their body type. John Cleese talks about that endlessly. Like you know what you're there to do. Right. And you're gonna shamelessly do it in a way that lets the audience feel the thing that you need them to feel. Yeah. Yeah.


It just was a different time. I don't think the executives right now are like, Hey, we're having a hard time finding a fatso or a little person. A little person. That conversation's not happening. No. A Little, you know, legally I don't fit the criteria for a little person, but I'll choke that down. I watched it this morning. I've never seen It all. You did? Oh my God, you've never seen it. I'm curious how it reads to someone who never saw it. Real quick. Three takeaways. First and major takeaway is it's so fun and nostalgic. That type of movie is gone. and I really was like Oh. yeah. I get why everyone loves this and feels so connected to it. Great. Oh I have warned you about it though. You'd warned me about some things that would trigger me.


What? Warning. I do an Indian accent in the movie again. I would not. Oh my God. Of course you do. This is like setting up the 2005. I see that in the script and I'm like okay, I can do that. And then of course Monica and I are becoming really good friends when we're talking about that accent. And I'm really understanding like the only fucking example if here Indian and your kid was a poo. And I'm like, oh my god Monica, I have done the fucking accent and I feel terrible. So I was like, just don't ever see that movie. But that's not why didn't it? It felt like a boy movie. You wanted a 12-year-old Boy. Two is you are the exact same person. Really? I Can't believe it. When you're like on your motorcycle and the jokes you're making and even when you're singing in the car, I was like wow, He has not changed.


But In a good way. In a good way. It was like, no You've Stayed very true. You've always been that. I liked it. Oh You don't agree with that? You've just seen so much actual internal evolution. You witness Sure. Your own expansion in ways that the you in that movie wouldn't have actually imagined Possible. I watched it last night with the girls, many scenes. My body's so tight, you guys are like watching. I'm like oh my God. I was new and I was pretty stiff sometimes I just grew as an actor over time I was watching it and I was also thinking like, oh my God, I was like so tiny. You were tiny. I actually was like, he looks so tall, you're not gonna like this. But I think the bigger your body is, the smaller, the shorter you appear.


Alright. That's why I never get real deep into the benchwork. That's exactly what's preventing me from Going. You know? Because otherwise I'd Be rine guys. Wait, what's your third Takeaway? The relationship and I know just from hearing Dex, he reflects on that time as being so special. Yeah, I get it. Like I watched it and I was like, oh man, they all are firing on all cylinders. The chemistry's so good. It looks like such a fun time. I love these guys so much right away. And they were so kind and it could have been competitive and it wasn't. Yeah. And it was very mentoring and kind and helpful. You were so funny. We were both like, how do I steal his jokes right away?


Like, oh my God. Oh no. In fact I think I stole it of you and in the makeup chair you were like, don't you ever fucking do that again? and I was like, I think I made a joke. Not on set. No it Was on camera. It was coming through the thing we had all done. I don't remember. I remember this I don remember so specifically because we Were all throwing out some kind of one-liner coming into a scene. We're all entering a scene. I had Not thought of this. The, this was so funny. Thank You. I'm glad because I feel, I swear to God now I fucking remember. I haven't thought about it. But I remember each one of these experiences 'cause they were so seminal in all of our experience together. I've been working for as long as I had been working. I knew, wait, go Joe. What happened? Yeah, yeah, yeah.


So we're all walking in the door. Each one of us starts to say a line and then we do a second take and we each come through and add an improv line. And then the third take through, you said one of the things that I'm Under my third improv and then you would grab my first improv. Something like that. That's what happened. You were just like Beefing up each other's shit because it felt very like who do you know? Who cares? It was like I had taken his daughter. But It's because of where you came from. Yes. Right. So first of all, absolutely it was not a big deal. Yes. You lying was better than anything I was ever gonna come up with. I'm of course embarrassed by that because again, I had done punk before that. Right. It was just me, I'm out there improv these things. And then prior to that was the Groundlings and that was the conversation we had in the makeup trailer.


I hate that you remember. I do. 'cause I really regret it. But I remember trying to get into it in this way of like you didn't really do like a comedy background. Huh Matt? I'm trying to lay out like you would never do that at the Groundlings. Like you would never improv someone and someone would take it and so yeah, I was triggered and scared that I sucked in the movie and how embarrassing. And I'm sorry. And yes, we should all just take whatever comes up and make the movie great. Oh it's Embarrassing. Well we all Learn and grow even though you are the same. You know what's funny? Can I just talk about the bio dysmorphia that was happening? The bio Dysmorphia, Body dysmorphia. Oh you and I for the record were so freaked out about taking her shirt off and being present in our own bodies.


Ah yes. That the fear that was a part of that movie from beginning to end was palpable. I mean it was defining And we were obsessed with the fact that Seth just looked like a fucking genius. Perfect. We were working out in between takes. I wasn't eating. I was like in my underwear the whole time going, look at this, I'm so fat. Yes. and I. Look back now and you look My life fucking great. I Think that every time we look back we're so ensconced in this fear. Yes. Of that moment. And the reality is like, oh you were so beautiful for those people at home. Like dude let it go. It does not serve you at all. I teach acting a lot. I brought this woman and I talk about the woman's perspective on the journey. And she told this great story about how when she was younger she had this white bathing suit and she wanted to wear in the movie but she was terrified to put on this two piece white bathing suit.


And at the end of the day she looks at these pictures of her like 10 years later, she goes, I was gorgeous. Yeah, I know. I was so beautiful. And the story I was telling myself at that time in my life was so destructive. And it's impervious to anything you can't break out of it. And there's no amount of like accolades or work. Yeah. It's just that mindset. But there's gotta be a way in the moment to tell yourself this isn't the truth. We were And we talked about it nonstop. I was like fuck. That whole sequence is five days away. Yeah. We were like pageant contestants. Yes. When the swimsuit section was coming up, there's Like 15 days in her underwear. Do you remember we went to Italian restaurant. I was just Gonna say a celebration. Yeah. With Deline. What was that great place? Olive Garden.


Like a Hardy And Seth. Do you remember you not wanting to take the compliments but you look like a gymnast. So Matt and I also be doing our pushups Also like pushups and situps every day You joined in and we were even like, look at his asshole. Doesn't need to do such a dick pushups. He's got good ass cheese. Yes. Had to look out because your shit was so legit. You are pound per pound the most beautiful man in Hollywood. I've said it a million times. I was gonna you guys say Pound per pound the most beautiful Man in Hollywood. Have you seen Kevin Hart though? Yes. Oh man, he looks fantastic. He's Incredible. Yes. He survived breaking his back because he's in such good shape. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So you were in the movie first. Yes.


I'm bringing him back to a semi chronological timeline. Yes. And then you were in before me, but how did you get in the movie? Because you guys are really hot. That sounds embarrassing, but you were just saying the tail job and you were just in Scooby-Doo, which was enormous. Hit the Studio, loved him. The only question was whether or not he is this leading man, the guy who kisses the girl, the guy who proposes to the girl. I tried to talk myself outta that film like three times. You did? Yeah I did. I read it. I'm like I don't love it. And that could be also my own fear about being that guy. And there was a whole section in the middle with the women and the trees and I'm like, that's so stupid. It doesn't work. and I sat down with Brill and Deline and I'm like, I just think the comedy's off in some places.


and I try. You're the one with integrity. Articulate that. There are two different forms of comedy in here. There's this big bold ridiculousness and then there's this really fellowship driven, our friend die running for your life. Really high stakes. And like girls in a tree with long hair on their legs in two Different movies. And I was like, this doesn't make sense. At the end of the day they came through with an offer and I was like, regret what you did. Not what you didn't do. They were like, we have this guy Dak Shepherd, Seth Green's in. I love Seth Green. We Just gotta work on Scooby. That was Scooby one, Scooby two. So this is the reason that I remember. I loved Matt for so long. He's one of my favorite actors. If you didn't fall in love with Lillard on screen, your eyes weren't open during Well I saw him in SLC punk and I was like, oh shit.


Had To go deeper. Cut. This is just a different Well 'cause like the things that you see him in, it's his studio stuff. And then you see the stuff that he's like, this is my heart. I'd put this on film so that you can do what you want with it. That's the shit that impressed me. And so we got to do that scene together. I was so happy. That's where I met Gunn too. Like it was an incredible experience. Yeah. And so at that point they were like, we're thinking about maybe it's Matt Lillard. I said, if this is me and Matt Lillard and Zocdoc Shepherd, this is a hit. The movie will work. How did you get Woo. I ended up getting the offer and I said yes. Did you Audition? So not only did I audition, and this is where I'll say Seth really Seth and Brill. Brill wanted me, which was awesome. Why did He want you? He liked punk.


He thought I was doing something really cool on punk. Then I went and read and I was not good reading the script. I was not very good. And Seth had been brought in to read with me and Burl was like, forget the script, you guys just improv scenes. 'cause he knew I could improv. And then when I was improv I was very relaxed and calm and thank God Seth's a great improv. So we just basically improv three scenes that they sent to Sherry Lansing, president of the studio to get me in that movie. But would not have got it by reading Tom's size. Right. And so really you and Brill are the reason we All got put in a situation to win. And we did this little movie to Monga point, they don't make anymore. Nobody's making a $20 million.


Yeah, I looked it up. 19 what it was. I think it was made for 19 in another country. Okay. So we all get the movie. We're all in the movie. We land in New Zealand. Do You remember, do you remember? I remember so many things. Serious Sports was some sport event that was really important for everyone to see. Yeah. The All Blacks were playing the like best Of that was in the middle of the show. Yeah. I think when we got there there was more like a World Cup thing. So we get down there and what's really cool and again doesn't ever happen. In fact that's the only time this ever happened. We were there like three weeks early to learn to do all this river work in Oh. yeah. Canoes. Right. What an awesome way to like bond in a hurry. We were not good at it. And we were going through things that canoes don't go through.


And they had hired this amazing dude A and he was Fijian. Yes. He had just won a gold medal. Yeah, Yeah. And fucking rowing in the a previous Olympics. And he was such a stud and we all were like trying our hardest to impress Ugg. He Was so cool too. He was like, ah, you go's gonna get this. We were like well confident. He did say at one point he was like, no matter what happens on the river, if you're in trouble, you have to get yourself out 'cause nobody's coming to save you. That scared the shit outta me for the next three weeks. Remember the first day we got into the Canadian canoe in that whirlpool, it was like a little waterfall at the bottom of it was this Churning was this churning Thing. And there's three grown men.


Oh. Up to like our waist. So canoe trying to get it out and I just keep falling back into the, I was, my God, that was not a great introduction. So stupid Again because it was my first movie. I thought this is how it went. And we did all these things that let's just say I haven't since gotten to do. We're jumping off waterfalls. and I was operating under this very weird thought of, I felt like I was at an amusement park. Like, well this is safe. You're on a movie. They've got this all figured out. If they're letting me do this, everything's cool. Yeah. And let's just cut right to like the craziest moment probably on it. Also, they told us, oh it's summer in New Zealand. You're good. The water was never above 50 degrees.


We were freezing the whole movie. We Know body fat. We had zero Body, no carbs. There was one scene in particular. And we arrive and we learn of this and I have to be delicate how I say this, but one of the stunt guys the day before was shooting the canoe, going through this class five with all these eight foot drops and stuff. And this was an Olympic rower and kayaker. He came out and he cracked his head open really, really bad. Broke His ribs. Oh my God. Shattered his shoulder. They had to airlift him out. It was my stunt guy. And the idea was five times a day they would open a dam and tens of millions of gallons would come rushing down the rei. And they would then in this huge wash of water, they would put three kayakers in this so that they can get a shot of people kayaking in a classified rapid, which we were supposed to be doing with no helmets.


Oh. yeah. And very little safety. And this is before like you just take things out with a computer. He did it three times. And on the third time he got absolutely ablated. He got Obliterated and airlift out of there. Yeah. And then the following day we're there and we're not gonna try to ride a canoe through, but where the canoe has tipped in the movie, now they need footage of us going through that same section. So we're just jumping off of a rock into this thing and they're gonna film us. And you're not acting. You're just like trying not to die, survive. I did try to make like hilarious faces Might explain what happens next, which is, This is crazy. We're Already a little nervous. That was the day where I was like, oh, if the stunt guy's getting airlifted, maybe I need to watch up. So we all jump in and then Matt and I get to the side of the river and Seth's gone.


There's no fucking Seth. Oh my God. Like I don't know how many seconds it really was, but it felt like 30 seconds of like where Seth? Where's Seth? Where's Seth? Where's Seth? Guys on Jet SKIMS are starting to rip around 'cause there's jet ski safety. I'm panicked like, 'cause I know what just happened to the stunt guy. And Seth is gone. He's not visible. He came up like 300 yards down the river. Well they had said to me, worst comes to worst, you just ride the river. We got a net down here. And then we got a guy with the binoculars at the end of the road. Oh my God. So they're like, look, we're gonna get you. And if worse comes to worst, We will eventually find You'll have a proper funeral. We promise that We'll bring you back to the United States. We're gonna figure out how to sell your stuff.


Oh, but you submerge and went under the safety line. The first Safety line. But then the second guys, they got me like I stand here guys. We got him. But he was Monica. He Was very, very far away. It was really funny. But within that, we also had the greatest accomplishment that I have not ever felt in my life. But we had this moment where we had this like little class three wave that we had tried multiple times for Three weeks Straight. I was in the front, Dax was in the back 'cause he was steering and set to be in the middle Keeping balance. Sure. Very Important role. And you would hit this class three little wave. You wanna get through the wave and at the other side be on this Canadian flat bottom canoe. And every time a Tank, every time we either fell over or it filled with so much water by the time we get through, just our shoulders would be above water.


And the only time it worked was when we were shooting it. That was a Moment. It was unbelievable. I have to thank Jonathan Brown for making Gus all look like superheroes. The DP That shot that film, Did they ask you guys, are you guys very, very proficient swimmers? No. No, because like I would be fully dead immediately. Yeah. You could always say no. I've definitely worked on projects with the actors. Like I'm not doing this. There Was a really hysterical moment with Burt Reynolds. So he arrived, which was incredible. We were all so excited. And at that point there was No, that's intro. Okay. You were as excited as any child about to meet Santa Claus. I have never seen anyone adore a man from a farm more than you adored bur.


Yeah. I brought posters with me. Oh. yeah. Oh, That's so Signed. So cute. Every One Of, he got some that I couldn't get my hands on for me and left them in my trailer before He would literally preemptively without you asking. Yeah. Would leave DVDs for you. Brie got several too. She hadn't asked for any. But they all Bre your ex-girlfriend. My ex-girlfriend. B Brie. No, the cheese Bert's like a crazy cheese feed. He loves it. It's what killed him. In the end, he Gave Soon, here's the two photos Burt gave her. One was with him bare naked on a horse holding a dog over his private parts. What are you talking about? And then the famous rug one of course Naked on a rug. Wow. These are the ones for Bri and each of them A dog on a horse like this. So He rescued it, clearly Seth. It is probably injured.


And it said like, beautiful Brie, this is when I was young and cute. Like Dax. Oh. Oh, you loved it. It was one for both of us. Really? Yeah. Tell the story from showing up. I had been begging our director Braille to let us jump off the a hundred foot waterfall. We did jump off like a 25, 30 foot one with the four wheeler gag. I had zero interest in jumping off this a hundred foot waterfall. That should be Said. Yeah. But I was really driving real nuts at this point. He's like, they're professionals. I'm like, you think there's someone who's professional at falling through the air? This is a racket. You're proposing to me that you can be better or worse at falling through the air. It's really how you land more than I get the, So I was driving him nuts.


Bert got there and I thought, you know what? I'm going to use bur to help me convince Brill that I should do it. and I tell Burt like, listen, they got this stunt come up and they don't want to do it. And he pulls me saying, he goes, listen to me. I did the exact same thing on my first movie on Deliverance. I insisted they let me go over this waterfall. I broke my back O and you cannot tell it's me in the movie. Do not jump off that waterfall. and I was like, okay. Like well gonna jump. My dad says fall. The greatest thing about that is he showed up at this incredible resort in the rei. They've thrown this party for bur like he's supposed to start at seven and Bert shows up like 11 o'clock at night. Well, time change.


There's five of us waiting for him. He was everything you wanted him to be. He loved his stories. I mean this in the best possible way. The story is probably jumping off a 20 foot waterfall. That was probably the reality. He probably slapped his back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But over time it course popped to him and now it was 700 feet and he almost died. I ate that bear. Yeah. But we sat there and every one of us just let him be the movie star that he was. And he was so loving to the actors. He was, yeah. He was rough with directors, but he loved actors. He got into a place in his career where he needed to remind people that he knew what he was doing. He would make a bit of a demonstration on set about how much homework he had done or how good he is at his job.


That's a common folly. It just is an insecurity thing. You could tell, man, it was the first movie he had done in a while and getting back at a job for a studio. Not just not the lead. He was much older and playing like an older man, really struggling with his own vanity, really struggling with what he can look like and what he's supposed to play that can challenge an actor. Any Human. It's hard to sort of grow old gracefully. We already admitted we're bad version would be vain. The kinder would be we're insecure. You and I. Were already don. Don't know if we're, I'm good looking enough to be in these movies. We grew Up with that baggage. Yes.


Stay tuned for our armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Squarespace, the all in one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We of course have our website built by Squarespace, by WBE Wob. He found it very easy and intuitive. You've heard us talk before, how we actually host our own website on Squarespace and we're so happy with it. Rob did a beautiful job. He used the templates. It was easy, fast, and its functionality is off the charts. Whether you're an entrepreneur looking to set up a site for your business or you've got a passion project that's ready to reach the masses, Squarespace makes it easy for you to get your perfect website up and running. And if you're selling on your website, Squarespace also makes checkouts seamless for your customers. With simple but powerful payment tools except credit cards, PayPal and Apple Pay and ineligible countries offer customers the option to buy now and pay later with Afterpay and Clear Pay. Check out squarespace.com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to squarespace.com/tax to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's squarespace.com/dax to get started today.


You'll love Apple Card. It's everything a credit card should be and more. Earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


We are supported by Better Help. Kids are always learning and growing, but as adults sometimes we lose that curiosity. That's why it's fun to take on a new hobby, Monica. It Is. It is. Gardening For me this week. It's surfing. Yeah, you're right. Who knows what's next. That's a big One. Therapy can help you reconnect with your sense of wonder because your back to school era can come at any age. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try. It's entirely online, convenient, flexible, and designed to fit into your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and if it's not the best fit for you, you can switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. We love therapy. We both benefited a ton from therapy. Yeah. And we talk about it all the time on the show. We swear by it. Rediscover your curiosity with Better Help. Visit Better help.com/dax to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help HE p.com/dax


tam tam The by the way, still get people. Oh, Tam Do Oh. yeah, because the podcast, we Talked about It. The podcast. Oh, Tam, do you remember? That's Bert's big stunts that he did. Yes. It's not even in the Please tell the story. Yes, it is him going over the rail. I don't know if it is. I just watched him. But he was going to get shot and go over a railing over A wood pile. Oh, okay. Over the wood pile. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. I don, why that? It's very important. don don't know why that's so I important that it was a railing point Is he's gonna take a big fall. Sure. And of course there's a stunt man brought in to do that. He's like in his seventies by the way. He told me, don't do your own stunt and I. Yes. I'm said the irony. Hold on a second. We do wanna do this waterfall thing.


But so he basically Tells Brill, he's like, get him outta here. I'm doing the stunt. Get my wetsuit. Oh gosh. He travels with it. Instead of having pads that you should have or normally would have, his move is to put on a wetsuit. And he's like, I can jump off anything as long as I have the wetsuit to on Wetsuit on. True. He's 10 years old. And then put his outfit on. Oh my God. And then fucking Absolutely no Rationale. He got squibbed. He goes to launch himself on the, he gets gone on the log and starts to like scooch over the loock and flops on the backside. So three of us had wrapped and we stuck around to watch it. The entire place erupts.


And literally is like, that's a wrap on Bur Reynolds bringing stunt gun. Yeah. This is such A great point of perspective. 'cause like in my memory he did it Oh. yeah. I thought he did It too. You're him. That's why I, I'll never forget, Burt Renolds slapped me in a scene and I don't think I've ever seen you jealous of me in your entire life except for that one Moment. I was furious. You were like, How did he slap you? Why you slap? You put up with so much from him. Yeah. But Do you know the thing about the slap? So no. Burt Reynolds and all those Cannonball run movies in any movie he did with Dom Diz, when one of 'em would forget their lines, they'd slap each other or crack. And then at the end of the movie, there would be a great gag reel and you'd see Burt Reynolds slapping everyone.


And so we slap Willard and I was like, oh man, I wanted to get slapped. Yeah. That's sad. But your point about age, everyone feels this, right? Whether you're an actor or not. But for an actor, visually you see a timeline of your life and little things changing in your body and your face. It must be hard. It's hard for anyone. It was just my birthday as we just discussed, happy birthday, birthday you guys already sang to me. It was very sweet. But you know, it's like happy. No, we don't. We don't have to do it again. It makes you think about, we've been talking about it so much like death and mortality and when you see the visual representation, it must be harder. I don't feel different.


Exactly. I Still feel like this beautiful boy in the movie and I look at my body and I look at my face. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, I am not the same. and I do love the sense of gained wisdom over time and having an ownership of a career that I'm proud of being an artist. Like all these things I've grown into as a man. I still look at who I was growing up and like you've come so far, it's humbling. You have a bit of compassion for yourself. Like why was I doing that to myself in My mindset? I've always been scrambling up a ladder with very little success. When I look back at my career beyond my wildest dreams have I've been successful. Exactly.


Yeah. And still working. You couldn't shoot this on time. I wanted this to come out on the exact 20th anniversary and it's delayed. 'cause you're in another fucking country where you're in Toronto. Toronto Don't geotag him. He's trying to, trying to just get some food with his family. Well five Nights is the single biggest thing that ever happened in my life. That movie, five Nights of Freddy's. Isn't that crazy? So Five Nights of Freddy's is a franchise that came out last year. The movie, it's A video game. $20 million movie. I wow. 300 million. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. Guys. Well, not A Paddle is still my biggest movie. Is It really? I've been in a couple that made more, but I wasn't really in them. You know? Like I wasn't on the poster. But for a movie that I was one of the main people and it never got better film wise.


It went downhill from there. But you Also got to put in years on a drama with some of the most gifted and talented people. Yeah. I've always had great luck on TV and of course I never embraced it. Yeah. But it's kind of just become the same thing. The shows are The shows. The movies. And the movies. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because of the reality tv, I think it's just democratized the concept of fame. People become intimate with you in whatever your form of expression is. and I meant total peace with everything. I could not be more delighted with the way everything shook out. Right. But that first movie was as good as it got for me in the trades. Our joke was that the three of us combine hopefully would equal like an Owen Wilson. Right. We were like, let's hope that the three of Us hands up To one.


Oh and I just want to touch on one of the stories Bert told at that dinner. 'cause it is Oh. yeah. To this day, probably my favorite story I've ever heard. and I wonder if you remember, it's the Hal Needham story. He's living with Hal Needham in real life, Burt Reynolds. And one day Hal comes home from work and he says, Bert, you gotta take me to the hospital. I broke my back and Bert goes, Hal, I don't think if you broke your back you would've driven home and blah blah blah. And he's like, take me to the fucking hospital right now. So they go to the hospital and Hal and Bert are in the examination room. This is a weird part of the story, but he does include that. Hal's like flirting with the nurse and got something going with the nurse. And the doctor seems to be annoyed by that. Bert's opinion is that maybe the doctor and the nurse were having an affair or something.


But Its a little that detail. Hell even by the way, stunt man. So Stunt man and directed, he directed hooper. He directed smoking the bandit, the most legendary stunt man of all time. So they give him an X-ray. The doctor comes in and he says, you have broken your back worse. You have a good deal of fluid in your lungs and I have to drain the fluid out before I put you in the back brace and send you on your way. And he says, okay. And he says, you're gonna have to stand up against the wall. I need you standing and I'm gonna put this needle in your back. And then he says to the nurse, the doctor says, I want you to hold his legs. And Hal is in the full little gown. And so Hal's against the wall. And right when the doctor puts the needle in his lungs, Hal shits all over the nurse who's holding his legs.


Do you not remember that story? I'm like, I don. All the details of why you do. Because I've never heard A story in my life where I thought it was going in one direction. It was about how tough he was. He was flirting with her. And then was the doctor and him gonna fight? and I'm like, hell shit all over the nerve. That's the story's about. I do not remember that. How could you have forgotten it? Oh my god. Story. I remember the next day you going, I just wonder what part Of that was real. And I was like, man, don't you dare let logic stand in the way of a story of this magnitude. Just allow yourself to think of that happens. That's, oh God.


I think another fun thing. So one of the very scary things was like all the river work and the jumping. The next thing is Bart the Bear. Oh God. I tell this story all the time. Wait, I wanna, okay, we wanna hear your version because we've heard that and I wanna see the comparison. I bet Bart, the bear comes up on this podcast more than any other thing from my Career. Like Cedar Point Bar, the Bear s stories. We could probably recite. Oh you know Cedar Point, don't you? This? Of course. Yeah. Of it was the best. It was the best. I can't magmax 20. That was like a family vacation, to your point was a favorite vacation. The world's most. I know this is a runner now because anyone Who's from Michigan or even around there, we'll start talking and drives her fucking nuts.


And By the way, we all say the same. Exactly. It is the best. The best, the best. Low rent. So happy for you guys. Yeah. White trash place in the world. Okay, so your version Bears of bar the Bear. So Bart gets there, right? He's taken like seven or eight stops. Utah, San Francisco, China, Australia, New Zealand. I thought it went to Alaska. Yes. Oh, didn't he go up to, you're right. Utah, Alaska, China. Yeah. How many ports he needed to stop in or was this other award? Yeah, it was stopped like every fourth that he was doing along the way. Bart's doing a bunch of appearance. He signed autographs at the Alaska crap Fair. Barts in Beijing Signing all Those. That is exactly. So, so he gets there, they all have this meeting.


They're literally anyone who's menstruating, please don't be on set. Okay. That's part of it. So they've got, they've got like a long la old frying pan that they fill with coffee and whipped cream. How hard that is to lift it. Like think about cleaning a pool, how challenging that is. And then balance a fucking frying pan. And they would get this bear all hopped up on coffee and whipped cream. And then they bring Bart out. Bart's trainer talks like this Done. Yeah. And his son's there. He's got a dark Gun. Trank duty. Yeah. And so long as short of it is, there's a scene where the camera's here, Bart is moving across the foreground and Dax and I are behind. Now listen, the bear has learned not to go over these little wires that literally will get you in the ankles.


They're electrocuted little wires. Yeah. During the training they have been, but then they don't have them electrified when we're actually shooting. It's just precaution. And it's a psychological trick that they play with Bart the bear. This could be the moment that Bart was like, Hey, these aren't on. Yeah. Yeah. We don't know. So they get in the shot, right? And we start shooting action and the bear starts to walk across. All of a sudden halfway through, the bear stops and you hear the train goes bark. No bark, no bark. They're like, don't look at the bear. And Dax and I are sitting there like, what the fuck? He's like, don't run, don't panic boys. And the bear's like oh, oh, oh.


And you can see the bear getting agitated. Oh, this is horrifying. He's like, don't look in the bear. And we're sitting in our underwear. Do you remember he tore the fake tree apart? He attacked. Oh, there Was a fake tree. He Just demolished this fake tree. Like we saw His raft right there. And like no barn, no mark. And he's screaming and we are like literally two naked men. We were dressed. We were dressed. Yeah. We were dressed. Oh. yeah, we Were all of our naked stuff. Now I'm embarrassed, but Yeah. No, it's okay. It's embarrassed. And then you see his son with the gun trained on the Bart. What else did I forget? My version of course is here are the rules around Bart. If you're on your period, you can't come to set two. Don't look Bart in the eyes. Three, don't run in front of bar.


It'll trigger his predatorial instinct. Right. And then don't be afraid around him. 'cause he can sense it. And the very first scene in the movie that you just set up, if you recall, my back is completely to Bart. You guys are staring at him and you guys are telling me to turn around. There's a bear. I turn around, I look Bart directly in the eyes, I scream and then I run. and I was like, guys, I'm gonna do three of the four things. I'm just not on my period. That's the only thing I have going. For me, it was a wide shot. So there's nobody close to us on either side. It's nothing but darkness behind us. And the bear going across and like, don't look at 'em, boys, don't look at him. Okay. But now turn around and look at Him and scream and run. And then the other weird one that happened was when Bart was thrashing that horse trailer, he needed to work, but he was in there thrashing the the horse trailer.


Everyone doesn't know what to do. And Doug got in the horse trailer. Yeah. By himself. And shut, shut the door. And we are listening. And you keep hearing Doug go, Nobody, no bar bark. And then The trailer moves around and then you hear, Oh bar. Oh boy, good boy. Bar. And clearly he's calmed him. And he would lay on top of dog. Remember Oh? yeah. That Was the thing I remember the most was him laying on top of dog. 'cause you would all of a sudden hear that like, good boy Bart. Oh, oh my God. So was mad as Monica. Yeah, I, it was Crazy. I was shocked. You guys survived this movie and Everyone had the opportunities for all of us to die. Yes. On that movie. And none of us did, guys.


None of us Did. And everyone had a lot of scars that worked with Bart. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Except for Doug, do you guys remember Doug's eyes? No. They were magic. They were like the most beautiful, soothing blue eyes I'd ever seen. I was like, that's why he can get down with Bart the way he can. Something about those eyes Until you can't Still a bear. That's right. Still a bear. Still a bear. Still a bear popped up on coffee and sugar. Exactly. That was crazy. Everything that happened on that movie is super imprinted for me 'cause it's my first one. I probably remember so many details. That was like your 29th movie. It was the first time that I had gotten a direct offer. It was the most I'd made on a movie at that point.


Yeah. It was the first time that the studio was like, yeah, we're gonna put you on the poster. On purpose. On purpose. You know what I mean? So there was a little bit of, not pressure, but I was like, all right guys, well this is our shot. You leveled up. And it was like a thing. Why didn't level us up? It leveled you up. I never got a leading man role after that. That's so honest and true. And we talked about it. I got a lot of opportunities outta that. Yeah, for sure. You guys were known quantities and I was this new thing and I was a part of something that worked. and I got a ton of opportunities after that. Yeah. I got to lead maybe three movies in a row right after none of them worked. You'll be happy to know. So it Was a loop. Mel, happy to know. I know you were always reading for me. I do think it's funny at that point in your career, 'cause you were brand new, you had lots of ideas of what fame looked like.


Lots of ideas of what money looked like. That was a big thing for you. You're like, this is what I'm doing if I ever make money and I. Look at your life now. You're doing very well. And the difference between that moment now, the fantasy. Yeah. Yeah. You were so rich to me. It's So funny. And you probably said so did he say so? I mean don Don't know, but I went to Your house and Sina and I was like, oh my God, look at this pool. Yeah. And he has a Porsche And I think that's funny now because that's not because you have it. You are what's funny. It's also not who you Are now. And what's funny is I got the money when I stopped trying to get the money. That's It. Always. The happiness always goes. Always has anything to do with money. No, It's the Mike Tyson quote. He goes, when someone tells me that having a lot of money will make you happy, what I know about that person is they've never had a lot of money.


And I'm like, whoa, That goes right. But if I had told 26-year-old docs that that was the case, you'd be like, fuck you, you're rich. You have no idea. Idea what you're talking about. Yep. Yeah. Oh I know. I say that all the time. I'm like, I'm passing the sign. I wouldn't listen. You're not gonna listen unless you can experience it. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think movie wise, unless there's any other scenes you guys think of that we should chat about. But I think now what would be fun is just what was happening off camera was so sweet and so fun. We started in Wellington in the north island of New Zealand and then we were kind of on the road for the second half. And when we were in New Zealand you had an apartment. I had an apartment. You were at the Intercontinental, right? Just get That hotel life room service up all.


Yeah. I'm surprised you guys didn't go for that. Well I was saving if you guys recall all my per diem. Yeah. Again, back to the money fears. I was like, oh I got this per diem. I gotta save it. Remember you got like a nice apartment. It was by a gym. I'm like, how much is that place? How Much of your per diem you're spending? You're like, I'm not thinking about my per diem. That's What it's there for is again the money. Oh it was driving everything. and I saved all my per diem until I relapsed at the end of the movie. And then magically all of this per diem. By the time I got on the airplane I had zero per diem. I was like, where'd all the per diem go? Oh that's right. I've been fucked up for four days and now it's all completely gone. I just think your ability to express your own journey in sobriety publicly is incredible.


It really is. Oh, Thank, You. 'cause I would be like, I can't share that. There was a lot of things for me that was going on, but one of them was I was maybe two months sober when I got there and it's like my first movie and you guys are normal so you can drink and have fun and I feel like I'm missing out on that. and I don't know how much I was talking about but I guess when Ethan arrived I was really fucking happy 'cause Ethan was also sober. I could at least commiserate with him. And he and I were both smoking six, 700 cigarettes a day. If you recall. I do remember that drinking 5,000 black Quit cigarettes at one point when we were working together, I remember specifically 'cause we were out in the lake and you spit something outta your mouth that I had never seen before and I was like, are you all right? And you? And you said, yeah, I'm just not smoking cigarettes anymore.


So all The shit is coming out. Oh all the shit is coming out not smoking cigarettes. And the second you stop smoking your lungs, start doing the thing that they're supposed to do and starts filtering all this shit. Oh my God. Outta your lungs. You wind up like coughing up all of the stuff that's getting trapped in. But He was sober too. Well he quit smoking Weed. The athleticism required. I just knew it was gonna be endurance challenge. And also it was like a first big opportunity. I was like, I do not wanna be at all cloudy. I'm gonna run my program. I'll find my moments to sleep. I'm going eat what I need to eat. I'll exercise when I need to exercise. Like everything for the movie at that point. and I knew that smoking the way, he wasn't Smoking weed but he drank. People Were buying me shots all night. Walking In New Zealand with Seth, he is the most recognizable celebrity.


I look exactly like me. Exactly. No matter matter what I do. Glasses. You used to wear a baseball hat. I was still A little bit like what? I was just going to a movie. Let me be a people. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. My God. And we'd have to surround him to get him out. I loved it. You're like, I'm in the movie too. Hi, I'm Dax, he's punked down here. He's not. Okay. But then all that to say one of you two I I feel like it was you. Matt got the idea. Let's rent. There's this spectacular house. Oh. yeah, the king of Thailand. Thailand had built some crazy house. He didn't live there and beautiful. He was just about to rent it out for the first time and you figured that out and you were like, let's all share this. and I was like, oh okay. That'll be all my per diem. But yeah, that is just like as special as it gets me.


And we were playing games. Yes, you were making us do a thing. Running charades. Running Charades, Oh. yeah, we had that. So Much fun. My birthday every year we'll play like celebrity running charades. You told us we all had to bring five minutes of our favorite movie. Coffee And Clips. Oh. yeah. That's funny. Coffee and Clips is you ask people to bring a clip of a movie, it can be anything three to five minutes long. You just have to have a reason why you've chosen it. Ooh. So you show the clip and then you sort of have a conversation about why that clip means something to you. I love that. What film? It's sort of like a great way to get to know people because you're like sharing like this reminds me of my dad. Very cool. Even within that is I think also what was an interesting dynamic between all of us, which is it's impossible that the symmetry could work so well.


But no one was in each other's lanes. and I say this with real respect Mat so fucking artist. He loves acting, he loves teaching, he loves learning. You're like a such a beautiful real artist. And Seth was like in the middle of that spectrum. Great reverie for it, a professional but also can pop in or out. And then I don't know what I do my In improv and I don't have much Ry for any of it. And it was so fun. Like we all had such different approaches to what we were doing. And then I would even say like, you are very alpha, you're the leader of wherever you're at. And I'm kind of the leader. But we're such different ones that there was never, at least from my point of view, no, never, never, never.


Just like love and coexistence and then you are your own version of Alpha, which is like you've never done anything you didn't want to do ever. Period. It's not happening. Maybe not on film but, but you know you are a very Convicted person in a really admirable way. Oh thanks. You know what you like and what you believe and you're not easily swayed. So you know that it just gelled the way it did is kind of magic. You Know something I look back on that experience specifically and I think that a lot of people like go off and have college experiences. They're in a fraternity, they're in whatever. We have this moment. You're together. You are inseparable. You are through thick and thieve. You're thick as thieves Through thin.


Through thin. I got it. Cut that part out. No, Cut that part out. I gotta leave that out. I'm sorry. Yeah. Thank. You killing Rob. What's a great metaphor for it all? Super close. It all just comes together. No, we were together and we were thick as thieves. Yes. And together all the time. And there was that bond. Who do you thinks changed the most? Changed Circumstances or as a person? Not circumstance as a person. We've just watched him mature and evolve into this role in a way that I think we both saw coming at least as a I a possibility. See coming. You take whatcha talking about When we work together, I'm like, oh this guy could do it. Don't make missteps and you crush this. You got the right attitude. You definitely got the goods.


You just gotta show up and do the job. Like actually do the job. You didn't make a great case for at the press junk. I Wouldn't have bet on me. Oh, I'm not saying I wouldn't have bet on you. No I don't mean CareerWise. Let's just fast forward to the end of the movie. So I had been sober the whole movie. We get to the last like five days. Well I know exactly what specifically happened is when I would go out with you, I would always order a Red Bull and you would get a Red Bull vodka. I was at the bar fully intending to stay sober and I ordered a Red Bull and I grabbed it and I took a huge pull and it was vodka like right when it hit my throat I was like, oh fuck yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, you know alcohol is such a specific feeling in your throat. I was like, huh, well I already drank that. I'm like, what am I gonna do right now?


Oh boy. and I'm like, I'm just gonna drink the rest of this Red Bull. Oh fuck. So I drank the rest of the Red Bull. No further issue that night. A couple days went by and I was like, yeah, look at that. I had a drink, showed up for work. Everything's groovy. I'm like, I gotta get a bottle of wine when I go home and I'm just gonna drink one glass. And then I did that successfully. I'm like, we're doing all right next night. Same cut to It was the Saturday party, the sunup party. You Guys remember this? We were shooting through the night and I'm like, I'm gonna have a party at my apartment in Wellington when we wrap and I took all my per diem money, it Guaranteed us we were gonna wrap in daylight And then we had two days off.


It was like the last shot of the week. And then I'm like, fuck it. I did great. We have one day left. I think maybe I'm gonna host a party. Before we wrapped you said, Hey, the locals have something they're calling Crank and I was No, no Something P They called it P. Yeah. Like it's basically like bathtub crank. I think it comes from a big pen like the faculty and I was like, I don't take anything Crystal man. Come to find out I'm just gonna get Many members of our crew were fully on P the whole time. Oh my God. Which was not revealed until this party I hosted. So we have a party at my apartment that starts at like 8:00 AM There's like probably 30 people from the crew. You're there, people are there. Yeah. I'm not there. You Knew that this was not a good idea. I had a wife and kid.


I mean I was in a different world. Yeah, yeah. They were like, we're gonna get some weed. and I was like, you know what, I'm gonna smoke a joint. It's in the daylight during the sun. I'll be the first time in three months. All the work is behind us enough that I'm gonna take this moment. I Also think I would've jumped in. I also don't know if I was, I'm pretty sure I would've been like, bro you're do not fucking do That. You're very separating yourself from the situation though. I am. You're a very good guy. And you would've tried to help and Maybe you knew that, which is maybe why you didn't invite him. Yeah. Oh I'm certain I invited him. Sure. But for whatever reason he wasn't there. Everything's kind of kosher. I don't remember his name and I don't even wanna single him out. But there was a dude that was hanging around that had been one of the characters in Lord of the Rings. And he was an enormous dude.


He was a stunt man and an actor and he was like six four and Maori and like 300 pounds. We party the normal people leave. All of a sudden the pee comes out, I'm smoking pee with the crew members. This turns into like a two day thing. Turns into me hanging with this dude who's enormous. He's like, do you wanna get some ecstasy? Yes. Cut to me and him on four hits of ecstasy. I've been awake for two days and this whole time I'm around him 'cause I'm so afraid he's so strong. I have to find out. I'm like, would you like to wrestle? He's like Absolutely Cut to us wrestling for 40 minutes on ecstasy in my apartment. Day two The best what somehow Get through the last day of work and then the rap party I Dunno if you guys remember the wrap party, but I had had so many hits.


My lips were like so big and Drew was like, what is happening with your mouth? I'm like, I've been chewing on it for the last three days on pee. Oh my God. I actually left the wrap party after only a half an hour and flew to New York to shoot Sesame Street. So Oh, I was just having a completely different experie. Yeah. Yeah. I find that so heartbreaking. You do. I do. Yeah. Yeah. I Know. I find it so heartbreaking. I know that your candor is like part of your superpower, but it just makes me so sad that that's how it ended. Yeah. I remember on the plane ride home, I was flying back, sitting next to Braille.


He's like observed the last week of this experience and how quickly it ratcheted up and he goes, you know, I was like bummed you didn't drink. and I thought, oh it'd be fun to party with Dax. And having witnessed it, you shouldn't. Yeah. Don't do This. And I was like already in the shame of having done all that. I just remember that flight home, him just real talking me. That's one of those moments where like an adult Yes. Or as much of an adult as you have is like, hey man, don't fuck this up. Yes. That's I think at some point you said to me, you're like the difference between you and me is that you can have a drink and be fine. I immediately start to think, well where am I gonna get my next drink? What time does the liquor store close on Sunday? This is a Friday. I go, okay, I'm gonna go buy bottles for Saturday but I know I'm gonna go through it.


So on Sunday I need to make sure I have drinks through the night and then I end up at LAX smoking crack. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Goes to And there is no end to the chase Until the body collapses. My fear of leaving that state where I don't have insecurities and worries and fears to leave it, I'd rather be dead. So I go until the body goes, that's it. We're Turning you off. You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well that got heavy. Yeah, it usually does. Yeah. Yeah. Addiction is the fucking worst. The Upside is like also thank fucking God I made it through 95%.


I would've ruined that whole experience if I hadn't at least held it together as long as I did. You Know you were ruined your whole life. You wouldn't be in this seat right now. Hollywood would've been like that kid can't trust him. Yeah. You Would Not have gone to do four more movies to understand that there's real value to you. You got to the point where you were able to in your addiction, love yourself. I think I know nothing about it. Yeah. Yeah. Not that I don't have my own issues. Yeah, you Chose yourself at some point. Yeah. I read Tom Arnold's book, which has the best title ever. It's like How I Lose Seven Pounds in 10 years or something like that. Roughly the name of the book. He said in that book. Luckily the only thing I was addicted to more than cocaine was wanting to be famous.


I knew I would lose this other thing I wanted so bad. It's the only thing I wanted worse than cocaine. And in some level that was true 'cause I got sober for without a paddle. I came home, I was fucked up for a period from that relapse, then I got sober for Idiocracy. Then press tour, which is its own funny, we could do a whole episode on just our press tour. Oh my god. We talk about it on sets. Original episode. Episode on Our show. We talked about nine Cities in 13 days was Insane, Fun and insane and way too much work for anybody. What's your funnest moment from the press tour? Was it Wrigley Field in Chicago? Oh that was fun. We threw out the first pitch, But it was, that whole night was so insane. I shot video of you eating the deep dish pizza.


That still makes me laugh because We Conversation about how Good pizza Was and then it turned into a bit of us just eating the pizza and weeping over the quality of the pizza. And so Dax is just like, oh I'm just so hungry. The thing I remember most about the whole experience is that the two of you always had bits we're always on. We'll start doing The same voice and we're so annoying to be around. Yes. And Heather was like, have fun today. Get luck. You word an edge bus. 'cause the two of you make each other laugh. You bring each other legitimate joy. And so the two of them at a table, like 15 people like Yes.


And in that period We had a good iation. We were doing an old man voice a lot. We were constantly going like, well those awesome decadent Peanuts, you had been workshopping this character because you were building your own version of Fletch. Which I was like, so I'm like, this is what you do. And he's like all my heroes, Steve Martin, it's Will Ferrell. You write your movie, you say I'm this character. And then he had all these characters. He was workshopping and you had this southern gentleman who was a refined, sophisticated fellow. Love nuts. Saw himself as FAOs aficionado of the nuts. It must have been maddening For you Know, it was hilarious. When you're surrounded by people that authentically funny. There have been a couple times in my life I'm like, I'm funny, I'm charming.


But these two men are the two funniest people in that space. I would try to compete. I learned this about myself. I can't compete at that level. Yeah. So you just sit back and enjoy Or get annoyed. Yeah. Either Is fair or walk Away. My favorite memory on the press tour is at some point you had two women that you had brought to the plane to go Over the Border. I was like, you guys, how are they gonna get back? It doesn't matter. I was like, they need passports, Have fucking passports. You can't just get them on the plane. We fell in love in an interview. None of that is true. I did. We were in Canada and we met some press women journalists that were young women journalists, Thank You, comparable age.


And they were both like very professional. We were like, let's, why don't go up to dinner tonight? Come me to sit the airport 'cause we gotta fly out but we have at least an hour. Then the plane is gone and we're like, Hey, we're here through the night. Maybe this is a thing. And the whole press tour, we were like get on the plane with us every city. And people were like every city they were told trying to get women on the plane. Time to remind people you are in an open relationship. Yes, yes, yes. Because we have been talking also About free. Yes, yes, yes, yes. There. Yes. Yes. Were you in an open relationship? Yes. How could you not remember that? don? Don't remember. We were very open about that. It was pretty open. We would always tell people Stay tuned for more armchair expert If you dare.


We are supported by Welch's zero sugar. New Welch's zero sugar has the real bold, vibrant fruit flavors you love with zero grams of sugar. Look, I try to limit my sugar and keep things healthy. So I have been adding this drink into my rotation. Welch's zero sugar is giving people the freedom to say no, no to sugar, but also no to compromises or sacrifices on taste Picking Welch's zero sugar is an easy choice that leaves you feeling healthier, happier and refreshed. And it's great for the whole family. Welch's Zero sugar comes in a variety of delicious flavors. Tropical Punch, passion, fruit, strawberry and Concord Grape. That's my favorite. It may not immediately make sense how a zero sugar drink could taste so good. You just have to sip it to get it. Try New Welch's zero sugar today available in stores now.


We are supported by Canva. We spend a lot of our lives at work. It's time to find ways to enjoy it. Canva makes work more visual, more productive, and dare we say it more fun. Canva is the all-in-one workplace design platform for presentations, docs, whiteboards, and videos. Canva's easy to use, tools and templates can elevate your presentation from blah to wow. We have a friend who uses this a lot to make everything look so good and high end. Well you can jazz up docs with images and charts from Canva's, massive media library. You can add animation to presentations and get ideas flowing with the team in a fun whiteboard session. Canva makes you and your work look good. No design experience needed. Seriously. Your coworkers will think you've been taking a night class in graphic design even if you have no artistic eye whatsoever. Canva's got hundreds of templates that will make people think you do. You'll love what you can easily design with Canva and so will everyone else love your work@canva.com.


With school starting back up again. Mornings can get chaotic. Rushing to get everyone dressed. Packing lunches, getting out the door, taking care of myself can often fall to the bottom of the list. But luckily AG one makes it easy and quick to set myself up for a great day. No matter where else the day may take you in just 60 seconds every morning. You can get your daily dose of vitamins, minerals, pre and probiotics, adaptogens and more. I love it. It tastes great. I have it every morning and it gives me a little spring in my step. Not everyone realizes this. Gut health is essential to absorbing nutrients from food so that your body can actually use them. The ingredients in Ag one, support digestion, reduce bloating and keep you regular. And AG one raises the standard when it comes to quality. They're not just saying that Ag 100 goes 95 times more quality and safety tests than average supplements. So start with Ag one. It's a great first step to investing in your health. Try a G one and get a free bottle of vitamin D three K two and five free Ag one travel packs with your first purchase@drinkagone.com slash dax. That's a $48 value for free. If you go to drink ag one.com/dax, check it out.


Okay, my two favorite memories are one, I was always so hung up on where we were gonna sit 'cause all three of us would go do all these shows all around the country. Clearly one of you two should be next to the host. It's debatable Who's more famous, right? Well we know we're Shepherd sitting. He's sitting like wherever the third seat is the whole trip. We're doing some weird local sports show in Philadelphia and you two are right next to the host and I'm just like out in fucking left field and I'm now bored and there's a boxing glove on display and I just grabbed the boxing glove and I put it on and you're like Mid-sentence and I fucking punched you on the shoulders because this is at the end.


Like we had gone Bonkers Oh. yeah and I just fucking blasted you in the Shoulder with a boxing glove. You turn around and like I'm wearing a boxing glove. All of a sudden they had to finally wide out and show who's the third guy in the room? That's hilarious. I don't remember that by the way. But I do think that that was when they asked you about Family Guy. 'cause Family Guy was down Oh. yeah, we were on. I had no idea. And you were on Family Guy cut to it's still, It's been on 25 years. That's Crazy. This part of the story plays into the family guy. So we had a little gap between interviews and we were all hungry and we went to a Chili's that was in the parking lot of a mall in Philadelphia. And we get in the restaurant and we're sitting at a booth looking out the window and Seth goes, oh my God.


This is where my mother used to drop me off for the bus that would take me to summer camp. And she drove such a piece of shit. I would always want her to drop me off like really far away from the bus. But it's a big open parking lot. It's hard to hide. And on this one occasion she pulled into the lot and the car was engulfed in flames Fire in front of all these kids. He didn't want them Know. No. And I'm on the bus like trying to make time with this cool girl. I'm like hey we're gonna spend the weekend together. Whatcha into, is that your Mom's car On what? No, that's some poor kids. No way. That is crazy. No Way. There's also where he pitched Robot Chicken. Yes. and I was like, that's the dumbest idea I've Ever heard.


No way. And Cut has a studio. Wow. So back to family guys, don don't know what it was three years ago. It was very public that the core actress had signed an incredible deal for an incredible amount of money per episode. And that they ordered two years right out of the gates. Oh wow. and I read this article and I sent it to Seth and I said, first of all, congratulations, I am so fucking proud of you. Also, I think you should go buy a brand new Cadillac and set it on fire in the mall And build off to say fuck y'all. Yes I can burn this bitch. That is so You remember that Accent? I do, I do. I love it. I had to remind you, I just don't have that kind of impulse in my heart.


So strange. I'm not thinking about any of the people in that city or neighborhood or that parking lot or that summer camp. Did you Have a money Thing? No, I read a lot. I took psychedelics when I was 16 and I really got through a lot of the things that most people take a much longer time to go through. Yeah, Interesting. When I met Seth, I was walking into Paramount for something and I see Seth Green pull in to the guard shack and of course I know Seth Green, he's famous and he's rich and he pulls in, he's driving a Honda Civic and I was like, fuck is this guy doing driving a Honda Civic Fox Speed killer. Seth was like known for this. He drove a Honda Civic. We hung out a ton. You and I are fucking bros. We got back from him without a paddle.


We did not stop. He had a little apartment in the valley with All these toys on the wall And he built a tree inside the place. Yeah, yeah. Tree house. Yeah. He never had any kind of flash at all. No, But it's admirable. It is. If you, especially you're saying with your mom and the car and the shoes and I feel like most people would be compensating for that for a while if they had the means which you did. Maybe when I say like self conviction, like you know yourself and you're really not trying to appease anyone Oh. yeah. When you're this height with this face, you gonna the cute face, figure out how you fit in. Perfect Bud. Well Don don't know where you guys rank it but it never got better.


I am so lucky that I got that experience with you two guys. Ditto. It's one of these things too where it's like, I think that experience was nine months because you know I have so many memories about it. How long Was it? It was three full months. There's No doubt that that's the most fun I've ever had on a film. It's easily the best relationships I've ever made on a film that persevere. I mean we don't see each other but I love the two of you. I've always said that. and I feel like it's beloved. It doesn't matter what that movie did financially. That's one of the highlights of my life without a doubt. I told you guys when it was happening that what was happening was rare. Like I've worked on a lot of movies, especially location movies, stuff where you get the luxury of that summer camp vibe where everybody is there And I've done it at the smallest scale on like a shitty independent horror movie.


And I've done it on that huge scale where the studio's got like lobster in your craft services. You know what I mean? There's an excessive version of it. It doesn't necessarily make it better when it works, when everybody on it has something that they need to prove. And nobody's trying to prove the same thing when it actually is just working the way it's supposed to work. It is so rare. This Is fun. Yeah, it was. Yeah, it was so fun. Back to like looking at yourself and going like, I can't believe I hated how I looked. I would say additionally that movie's not the work I've done that I'm proudest of and that's the movie that would get traded last. Right. So it's like results versus experience.


Like it's not like I look at the results of that movie and I'm like yeah that's my finest moment. Not by far. I had so much to learn but the last one I would trade maybe hit and run a movie I directed with Kristen. But other than that, that'd be the last on the list of things I would ever lose my memory. Yeah. I don't ever Lose. So lemme ask you a question. What your daughters think. They loved it. Did they? Yeah. You know what's really great about the movie and I think this went away in comedy. He is like, there are set pieces, one after another. There's a bear chasing somebody, a bear carrying somebody. There's stakes. We're panicked. Then there's a A TV Chase. The physical comedy works in that movie like crazy. I think it's also funny just to let people know that we thought we were making diner, right?


We were certain of it. We thought we were making a coming of age diner, young adult. And we all saw it and we were like, I love Brill and I love the line. Oh my God. But we were all a little bummed when we came out of the first screen. Well 'cause it's just like, here's what you need to know. And literally nothing else. And we had all done this scene with the dead kid's mom and like got handed the box and this was important for our friend. And we were all in it as actors talking about, well what was our life like when we were kids? Well clearly we played Indiana Jones and like just trying to break it down psychologically to follow the, and so they told us early on Brill was like, eh, we're gonna reshoot some fuck the funeral scene. We're gonna have you guys find the box in the tree house now you'll discover.


Why is the mom, she just lost her son. Everything's sad. He's like, we gotta get into the adventure. So we did those pickup shots and then you see it when you watch the movie, you can see, oh shit, nothing matters until we're on the water. Yeah. The truth is they were right. Yes. Yeah they were. It was a movie for 12 year olds and that's why it worked. And it should have been a movie for 12 year olds. And it didn't really matter that we thought we were making diner in the woods. Yeah. But our intent, our sincerity. Yeah. All of that is palpable. Even if you only catch like a moment of it because we did all of the actual emotional work in the margins. When you watch these quick clips, there's no doubt from the audience that you feel the way you feel that we're going through what we're going through. I, yeah, I was really, as much as I was hating my stuff, I was aware of it at the time.


But you're really, really, really great in it. You're really great. Matt and I and I only do this podcast every week. It held Up. You can re-Listen, I'm expecting all of us to have a little leg on our face and I want, you know, I'm like, you did as good as a person could do in that role. You were really great. Thank You. Yeah. You didn't rewatch it, did you? No. I asked my son who's 16 and I was like, Hey you wanna watch the movie? He's like, I've seen it like six times. My kids have all watched it. It's really fun. 'cause your kids are young, they're going through the journey of what it's like to have parents that are famous. And so you're like, at some point you don't even register and at some point all the kids in your life register. So you start to register in a different way and then as they get older there's a deeper appreciation for what you do.


We're now at that point where my kids are going back and watching SLC punk and watching these little good or bad movies in my past. It's kind of a cool Gift. I was never able to go watch my parents as young people and recognize, oh they were people and they were young once. It is kind of a neat thing that our kids have the option to do if they wanted. Yeah. All that to say. I love you guys so much. The love has never dissipated. No at all. It really was Real. When I see you in public, I'll just hug the fuck outta you. Oh. yeah. I'll declare On Micro my phone. I love you. Hey Matt. I do. I see you. I love you Dax. Yeah. I have seen you from the moment we met. Oh. and I tell you with all sincerity, I love you. Well I feel it you guys.


Thanks for doing this. Yeah. Yeah. This was really fun when you called. I was like, oh, how fun. Let's do The 40, let's do The 30 and the four. We won't remember. I don't remember anything now. I Know. We'll hear how the stories change. The same stories, how they change In 10 years. We won. The Bear will now be two bears che. Exactly. Alright, well I love you guys. Thank, You. I Love. Yeah, it was good bud. Stick around for the fact check because they're human. They make lots of mistakes Because Lillard wore a hat And it made you wanna wear a hat? I was like Oh. yeah. Yeah. I guess you can wear a hat in here. We can't. She makes the rules because we, I can't wear a hat upstairs.


Oh because of headphones. Headphones. Yeah. It's like we can do so much stuff. We can wear hair in all kinds of ways. It's almost too much freedom. Too many options. Yeah. Is that your shirt on the ground? Yeah. I didn't know where to put it. Where would you have put it? Not on top of the trash can. That'd be crazy. What kind of shirt? Why can't be in frame? What is it? It's my Guinea tea. My tank top. You call that a Guinea tea? Yeah. Is that what it's called? It's preferable to Wifebeater. Right? People don't love wife feeder. Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. So it's rebranded as Guinea tea. Although I hope they know wife feeder's. Not like celebrating wife beating. It's just that it seems like an inordinate amount of men who did that were wearing those tops. It's not good for that.


The Guinea teens. For Hayes? No. Yeah, for Hayes. No, no, no. But it needs a specific to call it a tank tops. Not R totally accurate either. Right. I agree. I agree. It's so specific. David Letterman's dinner table. Yes. I wouldn't go that far. This is our first garage fact check. Previously Black Mold Paradise. Yeah. RIP. I can't believe this was that place. I can't either. I mean, I know intellectually my drum set was right there and yeah, I can't even really, there was, there was a, there two shitty air conditioners, water everywhere. Mold growing up. Sure. Rats. Yeah. It's quite a transformation. It is. It is. Yeah.


Impressive. It had rats and now it has mice. I don't think there's anything anymore. 'cause I put out a lot of Them. No, I'm a Mouse. Oh, right, right. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. God, I missed that. Where are you coming from? The dermatologist. Oh, the dermatologist. How'd that go? Well, well it did. Does it hurt when they give you that shot or you're used to it? I'm just so tough. High tolerance. Yeah. High pain tolerance. For people who don't know what we're talking about, you'll have to listen to next, next week's fact Check. Next month's fact check. Check out the December 15th fact check. That's right for the Easter egg. I wish you were watching Chimp. Crazy. Simply because the woman in it, she's, I mean, I applaud her on some level. Yeah. She, she lets them film her during all of her procedures.


Oh. And she's always in there getting lip filler or spray tanning. Yeah. Traditional suntanning booth. But she's in this massage chair at one point and she has so much numbing cream all over her lips because it checked it and it just looks like there's icing on her lips. But it's caking up in corners and then it's falling off. And then she, she grabs her water and she's like, they tell you not to drink when you have this on you. And then she gug lu lu gug. And clearly there's numbing cream just going down her throat. Yeah. Oh boy. Yeah. What's weird is, you know, we're full of contradictions as we talk about on here all the time. Yeah. and I am, I'm four. I am pro, obviously.


I, I have chin filler. Yeah, I have some Botox now. Oh, was that new too? Or you? Well, That was on the same day. Oh, Okay. Was that your first round of Tox? Yeah, that's the first time I've ever done anything. Your face is very alive still. In fact, just now you raised your eyebrows. Yeah. and I was like, okay, well good. We have still a lot of mobility. He gave me the, I think it's phrased as the Placebo Actor. I think it's pronounced placebo, the like actor's dose. Oh. Or something. And so it is, you still can have movement in emotion. Minimal movement Reduced. But have you seen my befores and afters? No. I'll show you.


Do you think they're dramatic? Yes. Really. I can tell. I mean, yeah, they are. Okay. Let's see. I'll share. 'cause I have zero ethical issue with Botox. I could care less if people use it. No, but I do miss the movement of some people's faces. Oh sure. You know? Well, I, this is the contradiction I am for people doing whatever they want to make themselves happy when they look in the mirror. Yeah. But I also do have some sadness. The reason I feel like I have to say this is now we're on camera and people saw me go Oh. yeah. When you were talking about this lady. And it's because I feel sad that she's obviously so uncomfortable with the way she looks Oh.


yeah. That she has to go, you know, medically Change it. She's also owning like a champ too. Like there's a lot happening With I know her. It makes me Sad. She's an enormous wig on, it's like the biggest wig. Everything's a costume and a shield and an armor. Yes. And that's that. Okay. Here, here they are. Oh my goodness. They prepared like a whole file for You. Yeah, they Did. Oh my God. I love that they made you go like that. Yeah. You have to make very specific expressions so they can, Before I get into trouble, just what side's, what you'll, I'm Not even, I'm not gonna tell tell you're I'll know if you don't know. That will be fascinating. And we need, You know, it's really cute glasses though, is it looks to me, first of all, you look eight years old for whatever reason.


This makes you look very young and tiny. Okay. Yeah. What's cute though is that you're kind of, you have a little tiny smile in the right. 'cause like, you know, it's pose That's 'cause my new face. Yes, exactly. Exactly. So it's like they're not apples to apples. 'cause you're like, No, I think part of it is there is a slight upturn. That's part of what they did. Okay. Do you see? Yeah, I see, I see. Do you see Looking at me right now that my mouth is a little upturned. Yeah. But you just turned it up a little bit With Okay, fine. I'll be right here. This is my favorite photo. I know, I know. They really make you do some things. Did that was the direction In this photo, you've just smelled something very pungent.


Horse shit. Dog poop wouldn't be, you know, a horseshit can somehow sometimes be sharp. Yes. Like when you're in Central Park, you're like, Ooh. It's like, it it, Yeah. It gets, gets you, it's like It sines your nostril. Yeah. Okay. In this one, I'm seeing the Botox difference. That's what we're seeing. Yeah. Yeah. You still scrunch your face again. Like you're just happier in this one because you're No, that's my new face. I know. Because you're happier. No, I'm not happy. That's how my resting face is now. It's like this, It is funny. Side by side. I, I can see a difference. Yeah. Just if I just bump into you, I'm not going like, what have you done? Yeah. You know what's sweet though? You Gotta post these now. Oh god. You know what's sweet is when my parents were in town and we had dinner one night, then the next day I told them that I had chin filler.


I forgot to tell them. Yeah. Yeah. And or I about Did you have any reservation about telling them? Like, did you feel like they were gonna be dis disappointed? Like, Hey, we made you perfect. I mean, I didn't really care. Yeah, Sure. I don't really care. Yeah. Yeah. You're Disappointed. But I, I was like, oh, I got this. And, and my dad said, I knew something was different about your face. He did? Yeah. He's like, I didn't know what it was, but I could tell something was different. Really? Yeah. and I, I thought that was sweet. Actually It is. He knows his baby. Yeah. I, we definitely notice like sometimes night to night Little changes. Yeah. Lincoln will wake up and I'm like, oh my God. You look just a little bit different this morning.


Yeah. That's sweet. It's really weird. It's cute. Speaking of looking different Without a paddle. Without a paddle without ding, ding, ding. Okay, well now's the time that I guess I was gonna SI didn't know when I was gonna do this, but I have a surprise for you. Oh my God. I love surprises. So I te I I have a message for you. Oh, okay. Okay. Do I have to guess who, who the sender is? Or it'll be? Well, That's what I'm wondering. Wondering. Should I tell you now? Or do you want to wait? Do you want it to become You? Build it. Let's build it. Okay. Build it. If you build it, It'll, it'll come. I'll come. You'll, I mean, they'll come, but it's singular. I'll come.


Okay. It's COME. No, It's, I thought it was, if you build it, They will come. Oh, I thought it was, it will come. No, no. They, oh, the people will come watch the baseball game. Oh, I've never seen that. Do you even know what it's from? Yeah. It's from Field of Dreams. Field of Dreams. But I've never seen, Yeah, it builds a baseball field in the porn field. But I thought it was like a metaphor. Like if you build it, it will come. Like your dreams will come true. The field of dreams. Yeah. Sure. That's an easy, yeah. I made some misunderstanding. Okay. Ready? Yeah. 20 years ago, we did an adventure movie in it. We did all the adventure things, rivers, rapids, guns, woods, bears, chases, fires, falls from great heights, ropes.


But I swear the biggest, best adventure was getting to know old Dax, AKA Dan Shepherd Shooting the shit with you was just as fun and exciting as shooting the rapids. By the way. I went canoeing a few weeks ago on a placid lake. And it is exhausting and hard and boring. It really made me realize how good you got at it. We were also fearless. We flew a deadly 500 pound grizzly bear to New Zealand to stand five feet from you. Matt was close, but you dax were like two feet away from certain mauling. This should have been and would've been all plates and CG if we did it now or if I was smarter. But we just did it. You and the bear in the same frame and only a medium built jet lagged Wrangler with the club stuffed in his pants to protect you.


So dumb but fun. You risked your life in pursuit of a moderately funny scene. Actually, I think it was very funny. Moderately funny. There was near death on and off the set throughout this movie. Wild Kiwi Water God stuntman going straight down Impossible Rapids and our production designer going straight down a possible staircase. But we had fun. I actually hate when actors directors go on and on about how we had so much fun shooting a movie. Like that matters. Oh, I, I'm So I don. Like that matter. Oh, I'm so glad. Those rich, good looking Pamper people had fun. I would've hate for them to have been uncomfortable during that. And I'm not sure I had fun making the movie, but I sure had fun getting to know you.


Dax and Seth. AKA Squire and Matt, AKA Matt and I know I had fun watching you meet and work with Burt Reynolds. That was cool. Glad we made it out. None of your post paddle journey and success is surprising. It just confirms what I thought 20 years ago. You are so talented, engaging, whip, smart, funny, and fucking awesome. Love you Brill. What a sweet message. Yeah. Nice. Oh, what a sweet message. He like that. He's such a good writer. Oh. Yeah. That was f He's such a good writer. He has some emails that I have like thought like I want to print this out and somehow keep this around in my life. Yeah. Oh, what a lovely message.


Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We get support from Dove. Hey everyone, this is your girl, Kiki Palmer, host of the Wondery Podcast. Baby. This is Kiki Palmer. Listen up because there's some messed up stuff we gotta talk about. Currently, race-based hair discrimination is still legal in some states in the us, which means black people are getting denied jobs, kept out of schools and losing out on opportunities because of their natural hair texture and protective hairstyles. That's just not right. But there's good news. The Crown Act is legislation which prohibits race-based hair discrimination in workplaces and schools in the US. And today's sponsor, dove is a huge advocate. They're all about championing a world that respects and celebrates the beauty of black hair. That's why Dove co-founded the Crown Coalition in 2019 to advocate for the passage of the Crown Act. Dove and the Crown Coalition are trying to reach 1 million Crown Act petition signatures and hope to see the Crown Act pass nationwide. Join Dove in taking action to help in race-based hair discrimination by signing the Crown Act petition at dove.com/crown. That's dove.com/crown.


I would say I often give Ashton so much credit for having Discovered You saved me from the swamp I was drowning in, but equally so Brill. 'cause Yeah. It was then quite another leap to take a guy from a reality show and think he should be the lead of your movie. Yeah. And he fought very hard to both get me in and then also was so good at getting things outta me and Yeah. Yeah. Change your life. Yeah. What a lovely thing. How did you get ahold of him? I texted him. Oh, Did you have his number already? No, I asked Kristen Number. Oh, I hope he doesn't feel hurt. He wasn't here. No, I just got codependent.


Oh gosh. Oh my God. Oh my gosh. Four people's too many to be, there Is four people. I mean, regaling. Yeah. Yeah. Three was, It's hard. Just barely juggled three. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. That's more of a panel situation. I did want his voice involved. Yeah. Oh, what a sweet message. I hope you'll forward that to me. Of Course. Bri was so funny. He had so many bits. He was often robot director. What's that mean? So you would, you would go up to him and you're very sincere and you'd be, I'd go like Brill, if I walk over there and I'm supposed to land on that thing, I can't walk around the canoe 'cause I'll leave frame.


Right. And he'll go, beep beep boop boop boop. Beep beep. Be boop, baby robot director. He wasn't just a robot, he was a baby robot director. Oh, Cute. And then I go, oh no baby robot director. Beep beep boop boop. Okay. So I'm just gonna kind of have to guess. Beep beep, boop boop beep beep. And he would never give you an answer and you just had to figure out what you had to do. That's Very funny. So baby robot director was sometimes directing. Well, That's a ding, ding, ding. 'cause now in our world, we have a baby director and a robot And you're right. Wow. And a robot wants to be a boy, a real boy. Yeah. It all comes full circle. What was this other Furl circle?


Yeah. That was a blast. Yeah. It really seemed like it. Yeah. I'm glad you had that experience. Yeah. What else was, I just had breakfast with Nate. Yeah. How was it? It was so fun. It's my favorite medicine. Yeah. We were laughing so hard at the top of our lungs in Cafe 1 0 1. Fun. People Were even, I even saw some people were looking at us like, okay, that's guys, it's a little early for that level of screaming, laughing. Yeah. You know, sometimes you're laughing so hard. You, well you, I don't know if you have this, I, I've, I've passed. I'm out of air, so I'm no longer making a noise. Yeah. But I still have to express and I and I clap. Oh. yeah. See like a, like a monkey with the symbols. Yeah.


Yeah. So there was moments where I was like laid back in the booth and I was like, and I was just clapping like a seal. What? and I then people were caused that. Is there anything you could share or is It Boy, one's tricky. I guess if I could leave out the per, there's just, it's all about deliveries with Nate. The, and so we were talking about this certain person and, and he's like, yeah. And I'm like, wow. So that's great that she ended up with him. He's like, yeah, yeah. You know, you know, and he loves her. and I go. Yeah. Yeah. He, he loves her. You know, he loves her. And then it be, we just built on that for a very Long time. He loved to build, This is a reality. We know people, they end up together that they were lonely.


They found a partner and they're doing it together. Yeah. Was it the storybook love? Yeah. You know, I don't know. You know, they love you. They love you. That's okay. Not Oh, absolutely. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with it, but of course you're supposed to go like Oh. yeah. He, you know, he, he just loves her. He, he, he loves her. They're good. They're great. He's a good, they're good cop. He husband, you know, you start just kind of, They're good together. They're really good together. You start keep deviating away from Yeah. You realize that might've been not the full truth. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. don don't know. We just, it doesn't take much. Yeah. Yeah. Well, That's fun. Use medicine. That's good. Is that you and Kelly? I mean, she's definitely medicinal, but I wouldn't say I, Who sends you to a laugh riot.


Jess. Jess. Yeah. Yeah. That's the laugh medicine. Yeah. It's powerful. Yeah. Do you have a good, we, our, our breakfast was one hour and 45 minutes of it was laughing really, really hard. Yeah. It's fun. And it, it was like, yeah. Be better than any drug. But I don't, I mean, I obviously, I love laughing, but in certain relationships that don't have as much of that, but they have other things. Right. Like, I don't think one's better than the other. Right. I love to laugh, but I, I get It's not your number one priority, I Think. I used to think that Yes, you're an aspiring comedian and at the UCB.


Yeah. But also, even when I think about partnership, I, I do think You used to think like, I, well, my husband would have to be Hilarious. Have to be so funny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I still kind of think that, I don't think I could be with someone who does not have a sense of humor. Right. I bet you would say like, the person has to get humor. Yes. It's not necessarily that they have to deliberate, but it would suck watching TV with somebody and they're not getting What's so funny about something I, I'm wrong. Okay. You're you're taking it back. Yeah. You're walking all back it all back. I'm taking it all back. Listen, He loves her. He like, you know, he like, they're, you know, they're, he's, they're committed and he's a good, he's a good husband. He's a good companion. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


No, I, now I'm remembering that when I, I had gone on a few dates with this person Yeah. and I, and he was great. Totally fine. Like, He was great. You loved him. I didn't, I did not like him. He was great. and I couldn't really figure out what was happening with me. I mean, of course. I was like, what is, what is wrong with me? What is wrong with me? This person's like, great and nice. And why, why don't I like him? And, and I was in therapy. We had talked a lot about it, and she was Like, because this is the one she gave you permission to. Well, she was like, well, tell me about the dates.


Yeah. So we were talking about the dates and she was like, are you laughing? Yeah. and I was like, yeah, yeah. It's not serious, but it's not funny. And she was like, yeah, well maybe you need funny. Right. and I was like, yeah. I think it's true that every e every relationship I do prioritize does have a fair amount of laughter. Yes. and I think maybe more specifically, you don't need someone who's funny, who, like, they're outward presenting identity as a funny person. Like that's not Breeze presenting First foot forward.


Yeah. But she, she and I had so many inside jokes. Yeah. Like, we did live for Inside Jokes and she was super funny to me. Right. Yeah. Yeah. and I think you want that thing, whether they're out, like whether the person that party making jokes. No, no, no. Right. It doesn't need to be, they don't need to be a comedian. Right. But you need to have a lot of playful Banter and Yes. It was a ding, ding ding. Because I also had it last night. 'cause Josh Lawson came over. Oh, he did? Because He's back in town working. Mm. He has my number. Oh my God. Josh Lawson makes me laugh so hard. Yeah. And there was a moment where we were, at first we were, we sauna then we're in the hot tub together, then we're eating dinner with the girls and he was making the girls laugh, which is really funny.


Yeah. 'cause there's not a lot of adults that make them laugh really hard other than me, which is my main hobby in life. Sure. But they, he was really making them laugh. And then Delta at one point, and it wasn't even like presentational, it was just, to me it was an aside. And she goes, you know, Lincoln and I always were afraid if you and mom ever got divorced or you guys married different people, or if you married another woman and I think the person we should be afraid of is him. Wow. That I would leave mommy for Josh Lawson. Oh, that you would, oh. Oh, that's funny. Yeah. And Lincoln goes, my dad doesn't laugh this much normal around people to him.


Mm. Well that's, wow. That's a high compliment to Josh and I. Well it is. And he deserves it. But then I got defensive of Aaron. I was say that said, well what about Aaron? It's literally not true. True. Well, yes, Aaron. Yeah, it's true. No one laughs more than, but it was a very sweet compliment to give Josh. That is sweet. Yeah. He asked about you. I said, I'd like to see him while he's here. Anyway, what else has been going on? The anxiety still, again, listen to December 15th episode. I discussed my, I've been waking up in the middle of the night with about an hour of anxiety. December 15th. Remember our fact check from six weeks. Oh, Oh. yeah. Six weeks in the future. Yeah.


Last night was woke up and I had an image of my, what my face looked like in the closeup. Mm. And I was like, oh my God, I gotta, how do I fix this? Like, I had some very specific problem areas I was seeing. I'm like, what am I gonna do? I gotta get some lighting underneath. I gotta get a nose reduction. Oh my God. You know, all these things maybe I think maybe we're just too tight. And then I'm thinking of other people's shows. I'm like, are they as tight as we are? But this goes on for don don't know, 75, 80 minutes. I go back to sleep for about 45 minutes, then I wake up for the morning at six and then I go look at the footage that I had watched right before I went to bed.


Yeah. The image I had in my head is not what it is. I'm almost 50 Monica. I know, but you're still, and we're all insecure. But it just goes to show like how lopsided and irrational and non-factual my midnight ruminations are. They're like, they're so Can you tell yourself, can you write a piece of paper on your nightstand that says whatever you're thinking right now, you will not be thinking in the morning. I said to myself last night, I said, this is gonna be a very tiny problem in the morning. You already know that. Yeah. It might not even be a problem in the morning. Did it work? But, but if No, it's just one little detail of something from the day that I can't just totally powerless.


You don't do much of that version of Insomnia. Yeah, I do a lot of rumination. But in the, do you wake up in the middle of the night and have it? No. Okay. I don't wake up. It's before Bed. It, it's to get to sleep. Right. So it often takes me a very long time to get to sleep because of all the chatter. Yeah. I take a lot of sleep aids and so, you know, I take melatonin. Yeah. and I take Trazodone and occasionally a leave pm So three, no one's gonna like that. No one's gonna like that. No one's gonna like it. There's gonna be a lot of sleep experts that are saying's not good. Yeah. Regardless that I can fall asleep pretty nicely with my book on tape. I, I can fall asleep within 10 minutes on that cocktail.


And I've thought about this. Now what happens is, clearly those all wear off around 4:00 AM Yeah. I need a like a time release of all those things. Or I need an intravenous setup of this that trickles it all night. I think you need to learn how and as do I to turn off our brain before bed. Yeah. Sleep through the night one P max. Yeah. And then wake up rested. That would be the dream. But That's ideal. And I used to be so angry at myself and hard on myself that I can't figure it out. Right. Or that I can't do all the things you just listed.


Sure. But I have been a little bit relieved by the fact that like one of my children is identical. She clearly is just genetically this. And also don't forget on the 23 and Me, it did say you're someone who would struggle with sleep. Remember that was one of the, I don't remember that weird things that comes up. and I was like, well that's kind of a relief. I'm predisposed to be this way. But seeing it in her stop my like self flagellation a little bit, I'm like, yeah, you can be born as not a great sleeper. Yeah. But it doesn't have to be either or. It can be, you have some sort of predisposition to not be able to see by anxiety. But you can, you can do things to counter that.


Yes. And you, and if you have a range, you could be on the best end of the range. I concede to that for sure. So I'm in the cycle of like mass caffeine all day long to compensate for the shitty night's sleep. Definitely. That's part of the problem. Problem. There's no Question. Oh, that's interesting. Yeah. The sleep aids are wearing off also. The caffeine's still in my system. Yeah. It's like, you know, it's fighting. Yeah, I get that. Yeah. It's been, I I, this has been interesting for me because I decided a while ago that once we started in the new space and things were ramping up, that I would get really healthy. Okay. Which is an interesting time to choose to do that. Well it makes sense because it's gonna be harder anyways.


Makes Well that's why. Okay. It's like, this is gonna require a lot more of me. You mean you started before? No. Getting help. Oh, on day one of, okay. Yeah, Because I didn't wanna waste those days. I wanna be unhealthy until I have to be Healthy. That makes sense. Like if you know you're gonna get pregnant Yeah. Or a child, you're gonna get off of drink it, you know you're gonna become sober. You go all out, watch out. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I was like, this whole thing, this new life of ours is going to require a lot more of me and it's gonna require more energy and more alertness, Stamina. Speaking of, I can't believe I didn't start with this on this episode.


Yeah. The I look so bad. Wait, I look so tired. And guess what? I am so tired. It was my birthday the night before. It was Sunday we Record. It was recording back weekend record. Yeah. Yep. I had three martinis as we've already discussed. Oh. But it Was a six hours. Very responsible One is not enough. Three is too many. I had three. Yeah. And you can see it. You can see it. Well maybe. Do you think you, you can see it. I'm not gonna read the comments, but I have a feeling people will be able to see it and that's fine. Are you tired?


Is an, is an incredible question to ask people. You know, that's one that's like somehow socially acceptable, but it's so, Well this is our whole, did you get a good night's sleep last night? It's the same. Same thing. But that was different. I, I defend that because that was a a mood. You look, look so tired is like, people feel like they're allowed to say that to other people. Like, oh, you look so tired. Yeah. Like it's somehow compassionate. I know, but you go like, you mean I look like shit, right? Is that I know. That's my mom's go-to, She says, you look tired all The time. Ah, every time I'm home she's like, you look, you look tired. I'm like, okay, I am. That might be because she just wants you to go take a nappy because she wants her baby sleeping in her house.


Yeah, You should, That could have a Difference. You should sleep in our house every night. Yeah. And I'll make you sandwiches. You're too tired to go home. So I decided to get healthy. Yeah. Which means, well, I'm gonna start working out strength training. I told you that. I'm not starting that for another week. Okay. Kicking that down the road. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm gonna start strength training. I'm going to drink less. What does that look like? I, that's a hard, I know. It's a very nebulous thing to say. Yeah. Drink less. I guess it would, the easiest would be less days a week. Yeah. Right. don don't know how much you're gonna be able to like fine tune The Amount, the amount when you're doing it.


Yeah. That's fair. That's fair. Because A different version of Monica will be making decisions than the one w worst sitting here with right now. Yeah, you're right. Yeah. So less days I guess. Yeah. And And what would be that? What's the number That's not terrifying. Weekends we gotta drink Friday and Saturday it's on. Right. Ideally. Ideally I'm not drinking su Monday through Thursday through Sunday. We gotta I know, but okay. Now with my new strength training, yeah. I have to wake up early to go do that. That's on Tuesdays and Thursdays.


Okay. And then Monday, Wednesday and Friday, I wanna do my walks. This is part of my new health plan. Yeah, Yeah. Regime. Yeah. Protocol. But these are all things happening in the morning, so I have to be able to wake up. Yeah. What about, what about Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. That's four days a week. You think I can on Wednesday? Yeah. I think you're gonna need to drink once during the week. I know. What I think would be most achievable would be start there. That's still the majority of the days you're drinking God. And you know what's crazy? That's Scary. Sounds like nothing. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Of course. Of course. So the majority of the days you're drinking, so that's great.


You're drinking more than you're not sure. That's the dream. Yeah. And then once you're doing that for a minute, Yeah. I think you lob Sunday off. I know. Because Then you're, you give yourself the best shot for starting the week on Monday. Yeah, I know. That would be What about like, or Sunday brunch? No, that's bad. I mean, then your whole day don don't know. Yeah. You tell me. I God it's like mean. You're like, what about morning drinking on Sundays? What would you only drink in the morning? Brunch. Oh God. Do you think brunch, do you think brunch drinking is akin to like, like shower drinking?


Tell me about shower drinking. Like Didn't you used to drink beer in the shower? Oh, Sure, sure. Yeah. To me that's so extreme. Right? And but to you brunch is extreme. Well, no, no, no. I'm in no position to be judgemental of Sonny. What I think is funny, I don't think you're being Judgemental. I'm Just asking you. I do, I do think we label things and, and we're pretending what? That it's not what it really is. Which is like, yeah, I drink in the morning on Sunday, but I call it brunch drinking, which is fun and playful Yeah. In an event and blah, blah blah. Yeah. An event. But it's, it's drinking when you wake up in the morning on Sundays, which I don't care about.


But It, and then there was different rules when you'd go camping and which I loved. Which is like in, when you go camping, you start drinking as soon as you wake up. And it's part of it. I know It's fun. I know You have some, a little, little bite to eat and then you crack open a beer and then you drink all day And that's bad. Well, I don't, you know, I know you're not saying it's objectively bad. You're not judging. But we are just talking about my health routine. Well, that's why I'm saying you're Talking about me. Well, I am. I have an opinion about if you're gonna do it, when do you, should you do it? and I do think ideally it'd be Friday, Saturday, and Wednesday. Okay. But Wednesday seems hard because of the Thursday strength training.


So I actually think maybe then it should be Tuesday. Okay. Yeah. That's fine. Okay. Yeah. 'cause then you have two days off and then two days off Wednesday, Thursday. Right. That's great. Okay. So Tuesday I am gonna get ham. Yeah. Get shit. Whatever we, on Wednesdays, everyone will be able to tell. They'll be like, is this Wednesday recording? Yes. I also have a, I have a bit of self-conscious and insecurity that people are very worried. We're never gonna stop talking about video. But I will rest assured we're going to, so you're just listening as so many people will still do. and I like, oh my God. Now when I'm listening, I gotta hear them talk about video all the time. and I just want to say that I'm aware of it and we're, we're just processing our new experience.


Yeah. Do you have that fear or no? I guess I, I guess I do. But I've sort of like done, It's what's really going on in our life. We've done, this is a new thing. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And It's half Like, if we're gonna do that, It's also taking up a lot of our brain space right now. Yeah, Exactly. Anyway, actually, the whole reason I brought this up is 'cause I, I wanna be healthier, blah, blah, blah. This week is a huge week for us. We're working a ton. Yeah. and I, I've been working till between nine 30 and 10 since Sunday. Yes. And I've been waking up early because we've been starting early, but also, and You've had appointments throughout all This. That's why then I've had appointments and I've had to throw them at like the early, early top of day because there's no other time.


Yeah. So I've been waking up early, but I'm tired at night now. Oh, so you're falling asleep. I am falling asleep. And it, that's interesting. It is. And it's how I a little bit counteract my panic because I, I have to believe the same thing I tell Lincoln, which is like, your body will take care of itself. So how many hours did you get last night, do you think? You know what just occurred to me? People have heard about your eye roll forever. Yeah. And they could see it. Now. I know. we, we talked about that when we talked about it upstairs when we were leading up to this. That people are gonna start seeing it. Oh, Can you do one on command?


I Could, but Will you do one for me? Well, why don't you, why don't you instigate one? Okay. I will. Okay. You spent way too much on those pants. Okay. I think you need to drop it in at a time where I'm not expecting it. Okay. So later at some point? Yeah, later. Okay. Easter egg. Okay. Alright. Foreshadowing, even Though you also just said that we, you don't wanna make this about video and now you've made it Completely about video. I, but then it just occurred to me that like you have a very legendary eye roll that've talked About a million times. Do I'm sure people have. I'm sure it's, I'm sure people have seen it by now. How I'm sure I've done it. I can't It You think you've, I don't think you've eyeroll, I'm sure I have Not. Your nuclear option eye roll that you gave the gal in the parking lot at the preschool.


There are, there are levels to the eye roll. Yeah. But you know that in theater, in my ninth grade theater class, my teacher told me like, you have an eye roll. It's so distinct. Oh really? And basically like, get rid of it. Get rid of, because you would do it in scenes. I That's how you would express I think so That emotion It was, it was, it was coming out so involuntarily. Yeah. That I didn't, it was, it's a tick. Really? It's a tick. It's, I don don't even know if it's that it indicative of my feelings. Well it is in the parking lot of the preschool. Well, Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Well she was such a bitch. Right. And when people would walk away from the counter at SoulCycle, certainly They were such a bitch.


They were such a bitch and a dick too. Yeah. They were. I don't do it at niceness. No, I know, I know. Yeah. Generally it's, it's a Fuck you, I think it's warranted Of Right. Personally, I don't know how I'm gonna earn it, but I'll, I guess I'll try. You'll you'll figure it out. How much hours did you sleep Last night? Oh? yeah. I think I got like seven and a half to eight hours. That's solid. It is. Except I, I work best at nine. Yeah. And do you think, you know, one of my reservations about these sleep monitoring devices is that you wake up and you get a score and I just don't know how you have a good day if your score is like 40 or I know you go to the gym 'cause then you're like, well probably my body doesn't want me to because I didn't get any sleep.


I just don't know how that doesn't become a self-fulfilling prophecy that Far. I agree. And that's a Easter egg for a Thursday's episode. 'cause we discussed that on Thursday's episode. and I. Yes. I think like, people get victimy about when they, when they wear these things, they're like, oh, I'm just like really bad at sleeping. Yeah. But the thing I was gonna ask you about, is it similarly learning recently? This is making the rounds that women need more sleep than men. No. That didn't have any impact on you. No. I've, I, because I could imagine hearing that and being like, well Jesus Christ, now I need 10 hours of sleep. No, I felt bad when I wasn't getting eight. And now I, I've learned my sex dictates I should be getting 10.


All it did was confirm what I knew That you need more sleep. That I need at least nine hours. Okay. Right. Right. I can sleep till 11. Right. That's so enviable. I Can sleep. I can just go and go and go. Yeah. Yeah. I never wake up. Think that'd be a title of your biography Though. I do. No. Remember it's coffee makes me sleepy. But I do think part of that is because don don't sleep restfully. Right. So I need a little bit longer of time to make up for not very sleeping very well. Yes. So if I start sleeping better Yeah. I think I will need less. Yeah. That's a good theory.


I remember being able to sleep late and I felt like my best sleep came between like 6:00 AM and 10:00 AM I know. Like, I'm done wrestling with all my demons. I've processed all my anxieties. Yeah. And now I'm just like, Oh. yeah. Fuck. and I can relax. Nothing. I'm, I'm not stressed anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Last thought. Okay. Maybe there'll be a technology, probably not. But the dream for me would be I could hook my brain up to a machine Yeah. An hour before sleep and it would accelerate all that processing that I know has to happen. Right. And then that would just be done. That's the Problem. And then you could actually sleep Update. I didn't take my Antidepressant Acutely last night.


That's not an update. I'm gonna, that's an Easter egg. I'm, I know. For, for January 6th. For 18 January 18th Through my birthday episode. I'm glad to I I'm kind of glad to hear that. Not, I mean, not Regretted are gonna be like I regret in the middle of the night. I Know. I was, I know. I like, fuck, I, I just forgot. I didn't decide not to. I just forgot. Okay. So maybe I will in a couple Hours. Okay. There's a, A brunch. SSRI. There's, Well, that's the other piece. That's the other piece. I, as much as I, I, I love drink. I love to drink. Yeah. Drinking. That sounds don don't, that sentence is bad that I look, I have to be able to say it if it's true. And it is.


But also, of course you love to drink. It's fun. I know. It just sounds, I think You don't like how it sounds. I don't Think it sounds You're like the branding When you say the truths. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You have to hear the truths. Yeah. You know, and that's a hard thing for all of us, I think. But I think it's important when you're struggling with anything or you're just like evaluating anything. Yeah. That's why people have pros and cons lists so they can literally see Yeah. In front of them the realities. But Let me ask you this, 'cause that might also be more about the implicit shaming and judgment.


Let me just say this. No one feels guilty saying I love pizza. And then you go, of course you love pizza. Everyone loves pizza. And as I'm saying, like Yeah, of course you love drinking. Yeah. It's really great. If I transition from not judgmental to enabler, Maybe Has that happened? No. I love pizza. I love pizza is one thing. But I love pizza so much that I eat pizza every day. Or that you're like, I'm thinking about Cheese. I gotta go down to eating pizza four days a week. And I'm nervous about it. Yeah. That's And can I have pizza for breakfast and answer's? Yes. You can have pizza For breakfast.


Cold. Yeah. Cold Though. Cold pizza's great and hot pizza's great. I don't like cold pizza. but Yeah I Mean, neither people cold, but don don't really understand that. But that's fine. Pizza in the shower. Pizzas in the shower. That's a red flag. You think? But what if you're in a hurry? That's efficient. But if in general you have to have a piece of pizza while you shower. I know this is, and then we're doing this thing where it's like, I'm well, I, I'm fine 'cause I don't have that weird shower thing. Equivocating. Yes. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. Justifying People. I think, you know, you know, you know when you have, you can't pull yourself past your limits and or and when you haven't. Yeah. Yeah. I think people, if you really are doing an evaluation of yourself, you Does the question, the one that I think is most salient is like, does it take more than it gives?


Yeah. I think that's the kind of quintessential question. Now whether people can evaluate that and answer that honestly is tricky. That's not, I think that's actually hard to evaluate. It is because when you wanna do it, the positives are overweighted and all you can think about is losing those positives and then you're not maybe remembering every little part of it that's not beneficial or ideal. Yeah. The, the taking part. Do you think they'll ever invent a drug that after you drink, if you take it, there's like no repercu, no hangover at all. Oh, right.


I mean it seems feasible. This is my same, this is my billion dollar pharmaceutical that I have invented that don don't know how to bring to market. Okay. Which is the caffeine one. Oh. You take a pill at 9:00 PM and it metabolizes every caffeine molecule in your body. So there's none left. Yeah. That's great. That would be incredible if people could bang coffee like up till nine o'clock, get their day after dinner. Like I would love to drink coffee after dinner. Me too. I always wonder at Italian restaurants, they always offer coffee at the end. and I don't understand how people are doing this. But When you're in Italy, have you done it? 'cause I, I cannot sleep if I drink coffee after four.


And when I am in Italy, I will have a cappuccino after a meal. And then I go right to bed and I'm like, oh, this is all psychosomatic. And then I eat pasta the whole time I'm there and don don't have any gluten issues. And then they go, oh, it's 'cause it's heirloom gluten and there's or heirloom flour and there's gluten in it. I'm like, maybe, maybe it's just all psychosomatic. Wow. but Yeah, they got a whole, that's the power of culture. It really Is. They're like, yeah, we had drinkable caffeine at night. No problem. Sometimes the baby get a diarrhea from a caffeine, but in general it's a nothing. Oh, I thought you might get an eye roll, but I don't think you did. I, No, that was a good, that was, that was a Good move to try to get one. It was, but Okay. I always want pants. Oh my God.


Wear your pants. I can't find them. Oh, that's, I never did no wire pants begin and ends on a woman. No. Good to see your throw up face and your eye roll face. I don't think Throw up everywhere. I don't care. I like a mess. I'm messing myself. Don't tell anybody my room's a ty. Stop. Okay. Stop. Stop Dan Caffeine. Oh, the pill to metabolize alcohol. Yeah. That would be Fanta. But in a way, 'cause you don't want it, it can't just be a pill that metabolizes alcohol. 'cause then you'd feel really bad while that's happening. Yeah. That's the weird thing about alcohol is I do think you'd feel a little withdrawal.


I think that's what a hangover is. Yeah, it is. So we'd have to invent something where it just fully negates. Well that would be the kabillion dollar infection. I know. Because there's all these over, you'll see 'em at gas stations like hangover cure. Exactly. And even those are selling and they don't do a damn thing. No, they don't. Unless they're sponsored. Yeah. Unless they're good. Yeah. Is that the only downside For me? Yeah. Because there's a philosophical downside. Okay, tell me. Which is, it's a pacifier. So it allows the mundane to be exciting and novel. Yeah. And potentially you're not pursuing things that really are novel and growth inducing.


I mean that's like a philosophical I know. But growth inducing, that's also a construct. Like what's, what's growth inducing for one person is not necessarily growth inducing for another. Like I do, I do get so much joy out of just being cocooned with people I love and I feel safe around. Right. And, and I don't, I'm in no position to say getting around and being social and chatting is not productive or good or philosophically great. Yeah. But when I drank, my life was very repetitious. I got together with the same people. We got drunk, we talked about the same thing.


We planned, it was like this vaguely, overly optimistic things we're gonna do in the future that we're not really gonna do. And trips were planning, parties were planning and all, you know, and it was just this cycle. Yeah. And it really could have just gone on forever. And even when I wasn't evaluating the many downsides that were clearly present, just philosophically, I was a, like, I was, felt like it was a rut. Yeah. This is all I needed to do, is I needed to pick up a 12 pack on the way to Scotty's and my night was handled. Yeah. And that's nice. It's convenient, but also I'm not putting much effort into it. And it's just the same thing over and over again. and I would like to, I'd like to get bored with a group of five people and figure out what we're gonna fucking do.


And maybe let's go drive, go-karts next time and let's do this thing. and I just, when I reflect on my life, I'm personally and I. It's not for everyone. Yeah. I, I, the story of my life that involves having done a bunch of activities and tried new things and gone places is more satisfying to me than sitting in someone's living room or sitting in the same bar and having the same conversation 10,000 times. Right. Over the course of a lifetime from the story I'm telling about myself. Yeah. Like wreckage aside. Yeah, I understand that. Yeah. I just remember thinking as I approach 30, like, well, we've done this, we've done this for a decade.


We've gone out and gotten drunk. And is that that, is that what I'm gonna now repeat for the next five decades? Yeah. Like a lot of people and I kind of want more than that. Yeah. But let me ask you this. Let's say every day after work, I go and I hang out with people. Same people. Yeah. Let's say same people every day. And we have drinks and we chit chitchat. Yeah. Coming And I go home. Yeah. What like, and I mean really, like philosophically. Yeah. What's the difference between we finish work, you go into your house with the same people, you go sauna like you do every day with the same person.


Yeah. And that, well that, that period of time takes up the equivalent amount of time that I'm do. Like we're all doing the same thing over and Over again. But you are illuminating the challenge of marriage, which is, it is so easy for it to be just that. And you have to kind of actively like, yes, right now we're sauna. But if you rewind a year and a half ago before that it was another thing. And before that it was another thing because you do tire of repetition of booze isn't involved. Like even if we're on vacation with the Richardsons, we can play spades and hang and chat for four nights in a row, but we're gonna have to do something else.


We're gonna have to go find a sauna and then we're gonna have to go on a sight scene thing. We're gonna have to blah blah. If we just drank, we would be able to just get to our hotel. We'd go out for drinks in the evening and then we'd have dinner and that would be it. But we get bored after a few days of just playing or just doing this and I and this family gets bored. It's like, well let's go to B. At least let's go to Bob's big boy and look at Old Car Night before we have dinner. We're not gonna eat at Cafe 1 0 1 every single night. We're, it does get boring without alcohol in the mix. And we do have to change a lot. And we've had a bazillion different little patterns and hobbies, but I was in one that was 10 years long when I drank with very little difference.


Yeah. The bars would change. Right. You know, There were years where every night the three of us or the four of us would hang out and play the same game. Yeah. Or watch the TV show would change. But we would watch movies and TV Shows. And TV is booze for sure. Like TV is booze. I love it. I use it just like booze. I know how I'm gonna feel when I watch it. If it's good and it's gonna be two hours that handles that Two hours. Yeah. After bed, you know, the girl's bedtime before mine. And even that, I'll go like, okay, we've been watching TV for 13 days straight.


It's time to mix it up. But I never was like, we need to mix it up when I drank. Right. As long as we, I had a 12 pack. Like I didn't really, you know, I was fine. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Well let's do some FIEs. There's not too many. Oh, I, I really loved his idea of Coffee and Clips. Mm. I thought that was such a cute game. Can you guess what I, I wanted to ask? Okay. Raising Arizona. Guess that's a great guess. It wasn't raising Arizona. Okay. It was heat. Really Now much closer.


Okay. Same director. It was, You probably have just forgotten the name of my favorite movie of all time that I watched again, back to Being Drunk that I watched every night. I was drunk. Not Roadhouse Thief. Thief. That's Right. Michael Mann's Thief. Okay. So I brought Thief and I showed him the opening sequences, which is my favorite. Okay. Him cracking into a safe in committing a robbery and it's so cool and stylized. What did you say? Why it was important to you? I can't remember even when, as he was describing how it worked. I do remember I had to like talk about it for a couple minutes, but I can't remember what my take was.


I don't know if I admitted, like, I used to watch this movie A Addictively, I think I talked about that was the first time and it created a whole genre prior to Thief and Miami Vice. There weren't these elongated montages done to really cool music. They were almost the precursor of music videos where like the music was at the front and center of this sequence. The sequence was designed around the music. Yeah. And it was very surreal. It like gave birth to this really cool, surreal feeling that was even like movies were already a dream. And then this was even a dream beyond that. It was like a surreal, you know, I think people can relate to that wishing there was theme music when they walked around.


Like when you're walking down the street and you're feeling it and you want a certain song to be playing. Yeah. It was that feeling. And it was the first time I ever saw it and I was like, oh, this is so cool and surreal and I wanna live in this montage. I wish life was this montage. Yeah, I get that. That's Cool. What would you have played episode of Friends guess? No, It's not your fault. Yeah. It's not my fault. It's not your Fault. It's not your fault. Yeah. That would've been In that exact Scene. Good bull hunting that scene. Yeah. Or Up plug on the play Or the scene between Ben and Matt. Ben is telling Matt like, don't, don't squander this and all I want is to show up to your apartment one day and you not be there.


Yes. Sweet. That's a Great scene. Very sweet. Oof. Yeah. Self-sacrifice gift from the Magi. We're not in, we're not gossipy. We try to really not be gossipy. Yeah. But it would also seem crazy to not check in with how you feel about Matt or rather Ben getting divorced. I have, I feel really sad for them. No excitement that he is available. No. Okay. You really love him. It's like the speech in the movie. You're like, as much as I want to come here and as Much as I wanna and Pick you up for dinner, I want to come here and have you tell me you must leave. I'm married. That's Right. Okay. That's right. No, I just feel like it must suck so much to have all eyes on you over and over again while you're going through your shit.


All I have thought is like, I largely think paparazzi have gone away and when I see things pop up, by the way, it just finds you this information and clips and I. Like I, I'm on Instagram. It's like I'm seeing video of Ben walking from his car somewhere. Yeah. Constantly. Right. And I'm just, when I see that selfishly, I'm like, I am so fucking glad I don't get filmed everywhere I go. Yeah. I would. Oh my God. But fuck, that's still a thing where, yeah, everywhere he drives, presumably there's six or seven cars following him and he's gonna act kind of normal And then, but then he, the cliff doesn't, and then people are like, it's impossible to act.


He's an asshole. Or he has a resting bitch face. Whatever. It's like, duh. Yeah. Because there's seven men who you have no control. You have no recourse. Nothing. There's nothing you can do. Yeah. Except just deal with these six guys shouting shit at you. Yeah. Oh I know. Very triggering for me. Yeah. And, and I, I don't know him right as much. I hate to admit that, but I don't know him. I mean, you know his soul. I do in his sta I know his heart. Yeah. But I, I don't know. You Know the real him. Yes. But I have a sense he's sort of like you and I. I imagine it's probably extra hard for him to let some of this go.


Yeah. Like being followed And I bet he's battling not to fight these guys. Yes. With every bit of Yeah. Willpower he has. Yeah. And then also then trying, trying to tell your face not to telegraph that. Yeah. Yeah. And in general, I just think it's sad if a relationship doesn't work out. Yeah. Okay. You mentioned P the drug pee. Oh, I would love if a riding lawnmower just crashed through the garage door right now and drove into frame and then did a 360 Oh.


yeah. Sound could be better in here. Oh, Okay. Well that's nice. You said you talked about p the drug. Oh yes, It is meth. Yes. I, I confirmed that. Okay, great. You looked it up. What were, where was it at? What website tells you the Kiwi name for Well, Well if you Type in new, I knew it was math for sure. Yeah. If you type in New Zealand Street drug P, methamphetamine comes up On media. And did you just put the letter P or PEE or PEA? I just did letter P. Nice. And it is, it is that according to this speed PP Oh Pure Burn.


Gooey crank. And he was saying crank Seth was squire. Yeah. That was the most popular name for meth in the late nineties. Early two Thousands. Yeah. Okay. In California it's gone. By the way, I think I've said this before, that drug was, there was no such thing as that drug in Michigan. Meth. Meth. We did not have meth. Really? No. When I left in 95. Huh. and I left in 94, got here in 95. Soon as I got here everyone did meth. Whoa. It's always been huge on the west coast. Weird. Yes. And it wasn't a thing in Michigan when I, I brought it back a couple different times to Michigan and people were like, what is it? I've heard of this. I'm like, yeah, they have this stuff.


It's kind of like coke, but way cheaper and way worse. Oh my God. It's like fashion, how it starts on, on the coast. Yes. And then makes its way, Yeah. Something to do with the biker gangs and the proximity to Mexico, whatever. It was just huge on the west coast. Okay. Gooey, crank, meth, crystal ice and Yba In Hawaii, it's ice. So I've boughten this locally in enough places that I've had to use, I had to be respectful of the local culture. Sure. And ask If Anyone were to get ice. If I would've been in Hawaii as for pee, I would, they would've been like, what the fuck is this? This guy's a narc. Oh God. You gotta make sure no one thinks you're a narc. Okay. Tom Arnold's book title is How I Lost Seven Pounds in eight years.


It is How I lost five pounds in six years. Still the best title ever. That's a great title. He, we talked about Friday night, I'm sorry, five nights at Freddy's, which is was the movie that Matt was in. That was huge. Oh. yeah. I I was a ashamed, I didn't know what that was. I had heard of it from the youth. Okay. The video game was released in 2014. Okay. So it's a movie based on a video game. Yeah. But he plays Baltimore. What? Yeah. Wait, what? No, really? Yeah. This is the one that he's just filmed the sequel to up in Toronto.


I don't know, are we talking about the same movie? I don't, no, I don't think so. Maybe. Hold on. Yeah. He is in a movie that just did like $300 million. Now they're doing Yeah, that's this. Yeah. He plays Voldemort. Wait, You better look up cast. I I says Boldy On there. I'm, are you allowed to say it? Yeah. We say things here, we don't keep things quiet. And Harry says V more. We don't believe in not saying, oh, we do believe in not saying words that are offensive, but we, we, Unless they're towards white people again. Guinea tea. I have my Guinea tea here. Ready to work out in. Okay.


Matthew Ard. Five nights at Freddy's. Well, no, he plays William Afton. So he plays two characters. It looks like Tough acting in acting. It's American actor and film director who portrays William Afton in the five nights at Freddy's film. I mean, it seems like Vul. Do you think maybe he was telling me he plays like a Voldemort character? Probably. Probably. Okay. Because I did think, what is the intellectual properties? Yeah. That would be insane. Yeah. I just think He's the villain. Also Steve Raglan. Okay. He also plays Steve Raglan. AKA Voldemort.


Okay. No. Do you remember quiz, pop quiz? Do you know Voldemort's real name? Do you Remember Harry Raglan? What was that? Tom Riddle. Oh, I do know that. Yeah. And he's, is he Terrence's dad? No, uncle. He's, he's, no, he's Baltimore. Right? Well, there is a, there's like, they're connected, you know, but they're No His mom's brother or something? No, They're just connected. Okay. Spiritually. But his dad is James and his mom is silly. You need to reread. Yeah. Okay. Now For whatever reason, my retention of that material's low, I have gone through the books.


It is interesting. 'cause you generally have a high retention For nonfiction. Oh. yeah. Okay. I think my mind's like this is fake. I'm not going to use the hard drive space for something that's fake. Wow. Yeah, Fake. Fake is all relative. Everything's fake. Okay. Oh Wait, say that again. Fake Is all relative. Everything's fake. That was my setup for an eye roll. Yeah. That wasn't very good. This was the first time. It wasn't very good. I did, I think that might have been my first time. Can you do it again? Yeah. That was better. It was quicker. Yeah. I milked the first one, didn't I? Well Also You, I was like, I went around the moon. You didn't even No. You went up and then you just moved your head.


That's how you made You This year itself has to move. No, it's like this. It's like, Take three. Tell me everything's fake. Oh. Oh, that was nice. Yeah. See the eye itself moves not your head. And you did like two 70. Oh, all right. Now say it last time. Third take. Okay. Everything's fake. I mean, really everything's fake. Okay. That's pretty powerful. That's really, you should try work that into your repertoire, your arsenal of non-verbal insults. Just throw, roll my back out. Okay. Is the Burt Reynolds going over the railing slash wood pile stunt in the movie? don? Don't know.


'cause I didn't rewatch it. Right. and I didn't know What it look for. It was big enough of you to watch it the first Time. I was excited to watch it. Yeah. Okay. So the people Can tell us how embarra were you. For me, zero to 10 be Please be honest, I can handle it. Yeah. I I wasn't embarrassed for you at all. You weren't? No. Okay. And that, that's sort of what I was telling you when you, I was expecting To be very embarrassed. Not to be embarrassed, but to, to, to feel like he, it's gonna be really different than what I'm used to Give them parenthood. Exactly. Yeah. But, but no, that's why I was sort of surprised. Okay. When you were very much the same.


Except look, I will, yeah, we go, here we go. I will give you that. It's, it's, it's you at a 10 forced, a little more forced. Not as much as I think you saw. Right. Okay. Yeah. I don't think most people would think that. Okay. But I do know, like Yeah, your sweet spot. Yeah. Yeah. and I, it did feel, it did feel a little, It was red lining as we'd say in racing. Oh, what's that? Well, on your tachometer, you have like an ideal range that the motor's supposed to rotate in the engine, and after a certain point it starts rotating. It's not making more power. And, and now it's getting in, in jeopardy of exploding.


I see. So I was like, I was definitely red lined. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But it was still funny. Like it wasn't, it wasn't like, oh, he, that's not funny. Well, except for the Year, the Indian accent. Accent. You're not gonna like this. 'cause I did take a shower in the middle and I was sort of in an, Oh God. So I think maybe I missed You Did a shower in the middle. The middle. Well, I had the shower. We were recording. We were recording. And it was after my, when Was your shower? Like 45, 50 minutes. I did a hair mask. 90 minutes. No, no, no. I don't think I missed a lot. But I was, I was a little in and out. Okay. So you missed that part.


I, I missed it. and I think that was, that was my dad. That was the Sound he gave us. That The only problem is, is that part does happen in one of the funner parts of the movie, which is we're running from bad guys. Right. This marijuana field is caught on fire. So we're running as fast as we can and we're inhaling tons of weed and we're running, running, running. And then all of a sudden we're laughing, laughing, laughing. And, yeah. Funny. That's a very funny idea. That is a very funny idea. Yeah. Yeah. I'll watch it again. No, I wasn't, I'll, I'll forward to that scene and I'll make sure I watch that one. But don't watch the beginning of the scene. I'm gonna watch it. But that's it. All right. Well that was, that was a very heartwarming episode for me.


Yeah, that was lovely. Yeah. I'm glad we did that. And you know, when I was, when I was editing it, I was like, oh, this is like commentary. DVD commentary, DD commentary, which I used to love so much. and I don't remember if we did that. I have a DVD copy obviously of the movie. I wonder if there is a commentary. I know that Kutcher and I did a commentary on like eight hours of punk or whatever, eight episodes. Not a smart idea. 'cause you were on drugs. No, I wasn't. Oh, it just, you're just riffing for hours. You're saying a lot of stuff and no one's protecting you. Oh. And you're trying to make each other laugh and then you're forgetting your, I mean, again, there's podcast and it was back Time also.


Yeah. It Was a totally different time. Like I've, I've not gone back to listen to that, nor would I ever, but I, I can't imagine, you know, that that aged Well. I see. Okay. Let's not, We're probably talking like two horny 20 year olds at times. Yeah. You and which is was your identity at the time back. He and I were quite horny. Yeah. Yeah. We shared that in common. Sure, Sure, sure. I don, I think maybe don't go back. No, totally. Guys, all of us, we don't need to do. Just keep going forward. Yeah, that's right. Let's just keep it Time to go moving back and goes forward. Don't run from the pain. Run toward it. You love. There it is. Jay Lyric. I did it for, and I did it for You all. I love you.


Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at wondery.com/survey. What's up guys? It's your girl Kiki. And my podcast is back with a new season. And let me tell you, it is so good. And I'm diving into the brains of entertainment's best and brightest. Okay. Every episode I bring on a friend and have a real conversation. and I don't mean just friends. I mean the likes of Amy Poer, Kel Mitchell, Vivica Fox, the list goes on. So follow watch and listen to baby. This is Kiki Palmer on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts.