
Calling all 92 Percenters, Jason Kelsey and Travis Kel are football's funniest family duo, and every week they provide next level access to life in the league as it unfolds in New Heights. The two brothers and Super Bowl champions drop weekly insights about their games and share unique perspectives on trending NFL News and Sports Headlights plus entertaining stories from a combined 21 years in the league. Off field interests and engaging conversations with incredible guests like LeBron James, will Ferrell, Adam Sandler, and Caitlyn Clark, just to name a few. Here's a clip of New Heights. Follow New Heights on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to new and exclusive episodes early and ad free on Wondery Plus Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, Apple Podcasts or Spotify. Joining us today, the six nine from Akron, Ohio, the number one pick of 2003 NBA draft 2004, rookie of the year, 20 time, NBA Allstar four time NUP four time NBA champion three time gold medalist and the NBA all time leader in Career Points. That's right, 92 Percenters please him. Northeast Ohio's Finest. Mr. Look, LeBron. Let's go. Oh My God. Yo. Yo, Jason, right? I might. Yo, Jason, that might been the greatest introduction of all time followed at the end with the powder. Oh my goodness. You guys are fucking unbelievable. This dude is just Wearing the powder tape. Right? Right. Have to own it. Who's gonna clean that shit up? Now, Kylie is not gonna be happy about this. We got a list of questions. Again, you do not have to answer, but we do have to answer. Ask him. There's a story about you playing in an infamous pickup game with Michael Jordan when you were 16 years old. What was it like? Is that true? Like, can you tell us how you played? Yeah. So when I finally was able to get on the court, first of all, mj, Antoine Walker, and the rest of those guys did not let young guys get on the court at all. And I was 16 years old. I was sophomore in high school, and it takes a while to get on the court. It's usually when the older guys, they get tired and they don't wanna play no more. They like, whatever. But I did, and I was able to get on the court alongside, I was on the court with Michael Jordan, Antoine Walker, penny Hardaway, legend, Artes Legend, Michael Finley, all these guys. Who guarded you? Nobody. I was un I was Unguardable. Yeah. Listen, I'm was 16. I was 16, Baby. There's a, there's a, was 16 the Baby Pro? Yep. That was the baby from, I was in Chicago at mjs court. It was called Hoops. There's a cliff out right now of actually Metal World Peace, talking about that moment as well. Like, oh man, I gotta check it out. When I finally got out there, I was like, I'm busting ass man. I was nervous it time to show up. I was nervous as hell. Oh yeah. Like being out there with MJ and the rest of those guys. But I'm like, are you kidding me? I was like, oh, I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm about to go crazy. And I, and I did. I did, man. I did. That's awesome, man. I did. That's awesome, Man. I wish I was in that gym that day. That's crazy stuff, man. Well, you see all these shoes behind me, man. You already know I'm a sneakerhead. Oh, I know, I know. I've collected 'em over the years, man. Was it always Nike? I you used to wear the Tmax at St. Vincent, St. Mary. I seen, I think I seen you wear the, the old Iversons. Was it always Nike Trav? No, it was not. It was not always Nike. It was Nike when I was a young kid. When I was a young lad. Obviously, you know, you, you know, I've been in love with Michael Jordan my whole life, so come on now. You know, I saw him Penny Hardaway, you know Ken Griffey Jr. Bo Jackson. Yeah. I watched all these unbelievable sports figures. So as a kid growing up, it was Nike. Once I got into the a a U program, started playing basketball, Adidas took us over. Mm. You know, and it became Adidas. It was Adidas like from seventh, eighth grade to pretty much my junior senior year. They sponsored us every year. We played in all the Adidas tournaments, big time tournament in Vegas and all over the United States of America. So it was a, it was Adidas. And then my senior year, the process began, the recruitments, the, the Nikes came in and the Adidas was still there. Reebok came in. Yeah. And won. You know, all these companies came in and I took on three pitches. I did a Adidas pitch, I did a Reebok pitch, I did a Nike pitch. The best pitch that I got where I thought I was gonna end up was actually Reebok at one point. Reebok. I went to their meeting, I went to their meeting, and I sat down across from their CEO and the guys that was running basketball at the time, I don't know If you guys remember this, but Reebok had the NFL as well. Yes. That's what it was when I first got into The league. Yeah. They had the N as well. So they, you know, they knew, they knew my love for, for football as well. So they had all the NFL jerseys, all the Pro Bowl looking jerseys. That was gonna be the next year. And I'm sitting across from the table, I'm a senior in high school. I actually have to have, I actually, this go to insane, I'm going to back to class the next day. They flew me in. I'm going back to St. Vincent, St. Mary the next day, my senior year, and the guy slides over a check to me at the end of the table. It's me and my mom and Maverick Carter at the end of the table. And he says, if, If you don't go talk to any other companies, this is yours. And I look at it, I look at it, 10 million fucking dollars. Oh, 10 million just right There. As an 18-year-old, I was still stealing change outta my dad's fucking piggy bank to go get some candy And shit. I was a high school senior man. They gave me a check for $10 million and if I promise not to go see anybody else, I told them, I need a break. They stepped out. I need to fucking Can't. Right. I sat there, I need a time out. My Mom looked at it and me and my mom we're living in an apartment and you know, section eight housing in Akron, and I'm going back, I don't have shit, whatever. And my mom looked at me, she said, son, trust your gut. If they're offering you this, then who knows what the other companies may offer you. Okay, mom. Yeah, ma, she's composed. Yeah, she's super composed. She's like, we ain't got shit already. So it's not like, you know, it changes our life at this moment. Yes. Maybe in the future. But I want you to trust your gut and do what you think is right. That's Awesome advice, Man. So they came back in, boop, I said thank you. I will, you know, I would definitely like to continue our conversation, but I will be remiss if I did not take those other pitches from the other companies. I may have cried on the way home because I Had to leave your questioning, man, I hope I just made the right decision. I was like, I could have bought the building and me and my mom was living in with that goddamn money, Man. What easily you already know, Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts.