
Wondery Plus subscribers can listen to Armchair Expert early and ad free right now. Join Wondery Plus in the Wondery. App Or on Apple. Podcasts Or. you can listen for free wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome, welcome to Armchair Expert. Experts on Experts. I'm Dan Shepherd. I'm joined by Monica. Padman. I, Rob was adjusting the, so it caught my eyes. so I gave it a little wink. I gave up a little Bit in the intro. Oh, is that what you're always doing? Oh, interesting. I need to really be erect to read like it ISS a challenge. I gotta steady myself erect In your body. My. Posture. Yeah. your posture. Yeah, you're right. If. you are listening and not seeing, you might think that's something terrible returning third time's the charm. You all know a Harari. He's a genius. He has such a novel proprietary take on everything. I Wonder. what he would do on the cognitive test. Oh, that's a great question. We Should make all our experts take the cognitive test before they come in and then Remember it was like an hour and 40 Minutes.


Yeah. I know. Yeah. Yeah. And then we'll know if they, if they're really worthy. Oh, Well. listen, I would argue that I probably the categories that I got 199 and a hundred I probably would be you all for sure. And I'm not nearly as smart as him Whoa, but that's ballsy to say that. Well, I got a hundred. Well, you can't go above that. Well, But they might, he might be in the hundred too. I figure out how to figure What he, what if you said he's in the hundred 10th percent? He might, speaking of Dr. Richard Isaacson. And I are gonna chat soon about my results. Oh, I can't wait to hear the update. I said, oh, that was humbling. And he said You did great. Oh Good. Very good.


Okay. The point I'm trying to make is even if he scored less than me Sure. It doesn't mean anything. He's smarter than I'm that he's so smart. I would just throw that, that test out. Okay. So I was thinking this when you've all left, I am always pretty critical of people who just kind of blindly believe anything people say. Like people have little deities thought, thought deities, and they don't. And look, no one's getting it all right. Agreed. Even the smartest people Einstein. Oh, nice. You throw away to the camp. you know, even Einstein was completely wrong about quantum. I, I always bring this up, but when he left I was like, you know, he's as close as I have to this, you've all, You have that with him and Malcolm. Yep. I have that with him and Malcolm.


I get it. And Dave Chappelle to some degree. Well, not everything he talks about, right. But there's a category of generally race stuff. Anything race related. I'll have like my own knee jerk reaction. And, then I. Literally think, God, I hope Chappelle weighs in on this at some point. Yeah. 'cause I generally think his synthesis of it is always something I didn't think of. Yes, yes, yes. On race stuff. And so yeah, you all's one of my guys and, and when he left I was like, I could feel how what I'm asking people to do is hard. Yeah. To be critical or Yeah. To be critical of someone who is so right. So often. Yes. And who you trust. I Trust. Yeah. It'd be hard for me to take a real strong stance against him.


I would have to, you know, it'd have to be on something I knew inside and out or something. Well, I think you can take what he says and let it inform you. But it also isn't like if someone comes with an opposite opinion, if you're like, well you've all said this, so it has to be, then that's it. That's the problem. All that to say, I just think he's so special the way he thinks about the world, because it's such a comprehensive thought process. It involves so many things. Yes. Okay. He wrote Sapiens, you know that he wrote Homo Deus. He wrote 21 Lessons for the 21st Century Unstoppable us. Really great book. I do recommend it if you have children. It's a children's version of Sapiens. It's almost better than Sapiens. That's I know. It's crazy to say thing to say, don't say that, but no's true. No, you can't say that.


Yes. It makes some of these harder concepts so easy to understand. It's incredible book. His new book, which we're here to talk about, is Nexus. A brief history of information networks from the Stone Age to ai. And again, of course he has a totally different angle on AI that I've not yet heard and is very fascinating. I have one thing to say. I have a beef. Oh, I look horrible in this episode. Oh No. You watched it and you didn't like how you Went. Well, yes, I added it. My shirt is a mess. And I. I will be blaming you, Rob for that. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Just letting you know. Alright. It's sweet. Okay. Let's be so easy to be married to you, Rob. And he's like, okay, you're so lazy.


Why don't you help out around here. Okay. Please enjoy Yuval Noah Harra.


We are supported by Audible. I love Audible. I've been listening to so much Audible lately because I've been taking these naps a lot. I always like to listen to Audible to go to sleep. Now look, it's a special feeling when you encounter a story that truly sparks your imagination. Whether it's imagining new worlds and possibilities or discovering new ways of thinking. There's more to imagine when you listen. That's why we love listening to the amazing titles they have on Audible. right now. I'm listening to Wim H. Yeah. And you are really into it. You were explaining a lot of the pieces to me. Yeah. And I lost you a little bit. I'm listening to Inner Metso by Sally Rooney. Is it great? Yeah, it's great. Audible truly has the best selection of audiobooks without exception. From bestsellers to new releases, to exclusive Audible originals, there's always something to discover. As an Audible member, you choose one title a month to keep from their entire catalog. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash dax or text Dax to 500. 500.


We are supported by Sonos. Oh boy. Oh boy. Sonos is my favorite product my whole life. I'm listening to it all day long. I'm in the gym listening to Sonos. I'm at homeless, I'm watching TV with my sono soundbar. I mean, It's so, it really changes the whole experience of listening. Look, you're listening to the podcast right now, but how are you listening? If you're not listening on a Sonos speaker, you don't even know how amazing the dult tones of our voices can sound. Sonos is known for having the absolute best sound quality of any speaker on the market. You've gotta hear it. And as good as Sonos can make us sound, imagine listening to Pink Floyd on a sono speaker or hearing the booming dramatic music in a great action film on a Sonos soundbar game. Changing another incredible feature of Sonos. Their integrated sound system makes it easy to play anything in any room. I love that it's easy to use too, So you can keep your dance party going throughout your whole house. Visit sonos.com/dax to learn more. That's sonos.com/dax.


He You guys travel so much Every time I open my social media, I see you. I'm somewhere Else. If I turn on the tv, I see you. No, no. It's a book tour, so it's not like the usual stuff. Well, what's The usual stuff? We need you all the time to hop on TV and tell us how we're supposed to Tell us what to do. Synthesize this for us. How To, I'll be like on the book tour now for like two months or three months. And. then I have 60 days off meditation in India.


Ah. Ooh. Ah. And does your husband join for that? No, he does not. When you're on this two month retreat to India, first of all, where do you go? This Small place in the hills outside Mumbai. I went for the first time this year. Yeah, it was my second time, but I was four the first time. So it had been A minute. And no matter where we were, we were in three different places. Everyone we ran into said, have you been to Carala? And we're like, no, we haven't. I've not been to Kerala either. Oh, you haven't. And I've been like for 25 years going every year to India. Oh. And I've never been to Carala. God. I mean, it's a big place India. It's like, yeah, it is. You've been to Europe and you've not been to Sweden. I don't know. Yes, Exactly. You can't just pop around very easily there. Unfortunately, We were just in a state, I want to say we were in Hyderabad when we got this number, but the state we were in had 290 million people.


And I was like, oh wow, that's impressive. The state has all of America in it. It's pretty wild. It Was Wild. So we went to hba. We were there with Mr. Bill, bill Gates, bill Gate. Okay. And so Microsoft Center is there. So we were there for that And. then we were with him for the foundation. So we had to go to like certain spots with him Like that Boben. Bine. Good job. Thank. You. You finally, finally got it. That took him a long time to be able to say Eight months past the trip, And, I can finally say it. And then Deli, You dropped the new, we don't need new, do We? Well, I'm India And. I can say whatever. I can do whatever I want. What kind of year was it? February. Oh, February is a good time. It was. The weather was nice. Yes, it was awesome. Okay, so you're on the book tour. When did it start? Three Weeks ago in New York.


The US is de First Station. We did a few things in London before, and we did some pre-interviews for Germany and Italy and France and China and a couple of other places. But the actual book tour, it started like three weeks ago. So our first book, Sapiens that we ever spoke to you about is the history of humankind. How we got here, Homo. Deus was where we're going. And now this new book, Nexus, this is still in keeping with your kind of overarching interest, right? So how would you delineate it between the previous books? It builds on the previous books, and Sapiens was about the long span of human history. Homo Deus was about the distant future. Nexus is about both the past and the future.


But from the vantage point of information, the key question of Nexus is if humans, if we are so smart, why are we so stupid? Right, right, right. The big Question, yeah. I mean, we've reached the moon, we split the atom, we can read DNA. And at the same time, we are now on the verge of destroying ourselves and much of the ecological system, both because of ecological irresponsibility, but also we are potentially on the verge of a third world war or a nuclear war. And we are developing technologies like AI that could easily get out of our control and cause catastrophe, maybe even at a level of endangering our species.


If we are so smart, why do we keep doing these things? And you know, the traditional answer you find in many mythologies and theologies is that there is something wrong with human nature. Something is wrong with us, We cannot resist. But to overconsume and destroy yes and wield power over people and subjugate people, we Are flawed. There is something almost you would say, at least in some mythologies, evil. Yeah, in in human nature. And Nexus rejects this mythological answer. I don't think that humans or at least most humans are inherently evil or flawed. The problem is not in our nature. The problem is in our information. If you give good people bad information, they make bad mistakes, they make bad decisions.


So the book explores the history of information. If information is the key, why do we keep getting, why do we keep producing and feeding ourselves and other people bad information? You would've expected that over time, over centuries and millennia, our information will get better. Well, wouldn't it be fair to say it does get better, but in concert with tons of it that's getting worse. Very specific domains. If you look again at physics or biology, yes. But over overall modern societies, no matter how advanced they are technologically and scientifically, they are still as susceptible as stone age tribes to mass delusion and to the worst kind of fantasies and errors.


And we don't seem to be getting better at this. If you look at the relationship between say, scientific research, which is obviously getting better and the other stuff again, all their mythologies and ideologies and so forth, which don't get better. What you see is that it's the mythology in the driver's seat, not the scientists. People who are experts in nuclear physics or biology or computer science, they get their orders mostly from people who are experts in mythologies and theologies and ideologies. And this haven't changed for thousands of years. Yeah, I think it's like a mix of hopeful and terrifying.


The book And. I also think, would it be fair to say the first book is really helping us all understand the power of story? That's the crowning achievement from my point of view of Sapiens is people really, really being able to understand in a concrete way how everything that unites us in general is a story. And it's in our minds that it exists. The value of this piece of paper, the borders of this thing, meaning it's a state and the people and it our a thing there on identity. All that was really well done. And, I think it helped a lot of people understand that about us. But in this book, you're now pointing out, so you have story, but you have networks. Networks is the new exploration.


I think when you read this book, you'll come away kind of understanding what an information network is and how powerful it is. What's the first example we would look at historically of like an information network and its power? What information really does? Information doesn't necessarily tell us the truth about the world. Information connects a lot of individuals into a network that can do many, many things that isolated people can't. If you think for instance, about different types of information, if you think about visual information, if you think in terms of images and photographs and paintings, what is the most common portrait in the world?


Who is the most famous face in human history? The answer is Jesus. Oh, I was gonna say Mona Lisa. Me too. We're so western that I know. I'm so embarrassed. Billions and billions of portraits of Jesus have been produced over the last 2000 years. They've been everywhere in so many churches and cathedrals and monasteries and private houses and schools and government offices like everywhere. And the amazing thing about it, not a single one of them is true. Not a single one is authentic. A hundred percent, not 99%. He never Sat for a portrait that we know of. We Don't know if anybody painted him or sculpted him during his lifetime.


Definitely we have no image from his own lifetime. And also, if you think about textual descriptions, the Bible doesn't contain a single word about how Jesus looked like. Really? There is a description of his clothes one time, not a single description of what he looked like, whether he was tall or short or fat or thin color. The color of his skin, color of his skin, color of his hair, color of his eyes, nothing. Wow. All The billions of portraits. They came out of human imagination. And nevertheless, they have been extremely successful and important in connecting billions of people into a network which shares certain values and norms which can work together to build cathedrals and build hospitals and also go to wars and establish the inquisition and things like that.


Voting Blocks. Yeah. So whether for good or bad, this has been one of the most powerful networks in human history. It's Catholicism, Christianity, even more Christianity. Christianity, yeah. Again, like every network, it can break up into several sub-networks. There is always this tension between uniting more people together and breaking up into smaller parts. But this is what information does. A subset of the information in the world may also tell us the truth about the world. Some information is true, but truth is a very rare and relatively costly kind of information. Most information is not truth. Again, it's fiction, it's fantasy.


It's sometimes lies. It's sometimes illusions. Delusions. A key point is that the truth is costly because it requires a special effort to produce truthful information. You need to research, you need to spend time gathering evidence and analyzing it. Fiction is cheap. You just draw or write the first thing that comes in your mind. So going back to networks, the key is that if you manage to connect a lot of individuals into a network like a church or an army or a corporation or a state or anything like that, they can accomplish far, far more than either individuals or small number of people. And this of course goes back to Sapiens.


This is the key to our success as as a species that we can build these huge networks. We can build a network around money. This idea that this has some value or a deity or national identity. Yeah. So Sapiens began to explore this idea. Nexus now goes over history and also the future and looks at it from the viewpoint of these networks. So okay, if we establish that stories create networks and networks are important, let's look at history as the process, not of human actions, but of networks spreading, sometimes collapsing, changing their nature. So for instance, a chapter about democracy and dictatorship, which looks at them not as different ethical or ideological systems, but as different types of information networks, how information flows, information flows differently in democracy and dictatorship.


And this is what makes them so different in dictatorships. They are centralized information networks. All the information or most of the information flows to just one place where all the decisions are being made. Putin's Desk. Yeah, Putin's desk or she's desk or whatever. And also they lack strong self-correcting mechanisms. The network doesn't contain a mechanism for identifying and correcting the network's own mistakes. Ahuh democracy in contrast is a different kind of network. What characterizes it is that information doesn't flow just through a central hub. There is usually a central hub. So in the United States, a lot of information flows to Washington, but most of it doesn't.


Probably more to New York. Yeah. Most of the economic decisions, social decisions, cultural decisions are being taken in New York, in Los Angeles, in lots of other places. A lot of the information never passes through any government office. And you have strong self-correcting mechanisms. If the network makes a mistake, you don't need somebody from outside to intervene. The whole point about democracy that you have these built in mechanisms to identify and correct its own mistakes. Would You say the nature of decentralized democracy is that you're living in pure review in essence, because there's no bottleneck or dissemination because it's flowing in all directions.


People are taking it in, passing it on, they're editing or they're calling out. Like what is the mechanism that is helping the self-correction? There Are several, and it's important that there are several, because if you have only one, it can easily malfunction. So the most obvious one in a democracy's elections every few years, the people can say, oh, we made a mistake. Let's try something else. Which you can't do in Russia, which you can't do in North Korea. In a place like Russia. You have to wait for somebody to die. Yeah, yeah. And even then, it's not like really the people who will make the decision of who replaces them. So in democracy, you have this mechanism that every couple of years people can say, we made a mistake, let's try something else. Of course the problem if you have only this, is that it can easily be rigged.


The weakness of democracy since ancient times is that you basically give enormous power to one person or one party on Uncondition that they give it back right after four years. Yeah. And what happened if they don't, they have all this power in their hands. What happens if they use all this power to stay in power to rig the elections? And we've seen it many times in Russia. They have elections every four years. And presumably in the 1990s when Putin first rose to power, the elections were relatively fair and free. Then he used his power to dismantle and to rig the elections. And you saw the same thing in Venezuela. Yes. Chavez originally came to power as far as we know, in free and fair elections. But then Chavez and his successor Maduro, they used the power to destroy the democratic system and then stay in power.


Yeah. They Just had an election in quotes and it's a disaster. Yeah. I mean, Maduro lost big time, but because he appoints all the election officials and all the judges and everything. So he says, no, I won This just in. I won. Yeah. Yeah. So if you only have elections, this is not enough. You need an entire system. This is the famous checks and balances and these checks and balances like independent courts and free media and constitution and federal system. These are all basically, if you think about it in terms of information, these are the self-correcting mechanisms. Media is a big aspect of that. Right. The news, Because you need to know what is the reality.


The elections, rigs, we also have this other body that's trusted in institution that can point out this. And we're liable to believe that. Yes. And of course, all these institutions can be dismantled, can be undermined. This is why you need a couple of them. So they kind of support and supervise each other. It's not perfect. Ultimately you can destroy all of them, but you know, nothing is perfect. So what you say in the book, which is interesting, is so the Bible, to go back to the image of Jesus. It's interesting. I have no image of Muhammad in my mind. And. I have no image of Yahweh in my mind because It's forbidden. It's Forbidden maybe to the detriment of the organization, ultimately or not.


It's A different way to do it. Yeah. If you look at the three main Old Testament religions and look at their success rate as they spread, you think of them as companies that tried different branding strategies. you know, it's interesting. We've all seen the logo of Christianity. Yeah. But Judaism's doing like the row, they're Very explor. They don't want new. Yeah, yeah. It's not a missionary religion. It's in a different game. Islam and Christianity, they're both missionary. Yeah. Yes. And they, at different times in history, for much of history, Islam was much more successful than Christianity in the last 500 years, Christianity became. But still, you know, you have a billion and a half Muslims. Yeah, yeah. But talk about the Bible in reference to Christianity and the information network.


You point out in the book that this thing, the Bible has no self-correction. No. And that's part of its gift as well. It's like we want correction and we want to find truth, but here's this thing that's now 2000 years old or varying parts of it are old, unchanging and highly successful. So that's just curious. And how does that come about? Well, if You look back in the history of religion, religions were not based on books, partly because there was no writing and no written documents at all. The problem in any network is how to agree on the basic laws of the network. And the solution suggested by religion is you rely on a superhuman authority. It's coming from outside, it's coming from above.


But then the next problem immediately appears. I mean, every time you have a solution, you have a new problem. So whenever you say, okay, the solution to the problem of how we will decide the rules, oh, they will come from the gods. How do you know what the gods really want? What they really say? Unless you had a personal revelation, personal visit by some goddess or God, it ultimately boils down to believing some human. I mean, you wanted to take the humans out of the loop. Yeah. And you end up again believing some priests, some prophets, some guru. How can you trust them that they're not fooling you or lying to you? Or maybe they're deluded. Maybe they honestly tell you what they believe, but they're simply wrong.


And then after the invention of writing, a new idea came that instead of trusting a human, let's trust a new technology. We don't think about the book as a technology, but the book is a technology. So this idea, we can't trust the humans. We should trust that the technology which is so central to debates about AI and algorithms today, this is a very old thing. I mean, you go back to the first millennia, B, c, E, and first in Judaism, later it'll be in Christianity and Hinduism and Islam. You have this idea, instead of trusting a human, let's trust the technology of the book in the idea of a book. In contrast to a document that you have many, many copies of the same text.


You can spread everywhere. It's decentralized. It's basically like a blockchain. Every user has one. So I can change my Bible, but you have millions of other copies. So they immediately noticed, and If you tell me the earth was made in eight days, I can go in here and go, no, no, it's seven. Yeah, exactly. But then you create the problem you already talked about, which is who wrote this thing. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Yes. And then that's the next problem. Okay. Once we have this brilliant idea, the problem arises. Okay, so what will be in the text? And then you go back to humans. So if you look for instance, at the process of editing the Bible, the key people who created the Bible are not the authors of the text. It's the Editors. Nor had they met Jesus or the Disciples, no more than 300 years later, Jesus never read the Bible.


Didn't exist in his day. Right. Also, Saint Paul never read a copy of the New Testament. In the first centuries of Christianity, Christians produced an enormous number of texts. You had stories about Jesus. You had stories about the other disciples and saints. You had all kinds of letters like the letters of St. Paul. You had all kinds of prophecies about the end of the world and different things and prayers, and hundreds and hundreds of different texts. As you had more and more texts that often contradicted each other, people needed basically a recommendation list. The same way that you have so many series on television, on Netflix or whatever. Yeah. You need Obama to give his top 10 lists.


So eventually, almost 400 years after Jesus in the three nineties, this is when church council basically a committee of bishops and theologians and so forth, meeting in Carthage, which is today Tunisia in North Africa. And they agree on a recommendation list like top 27 texts every Christian should read, which becomes the New Testament. And their choices shaped the worldview of billions of people for the next 1,500 years. And even more. And just to give you one example, there was a text which was very popular among Christians in the early centuries before this Council of Carthage called the Act of Paul and Thaler, it told the adventures and miracles of Saint Paul and his female disciple, a woman called Tela, which performed miracles and preached to people and baptized and was a leader of the church.


And this text, it was on not the only one, but it was one of the main texts that showed that women could be leaders of the church and basically do anything that the men in the church can do. And this was very popular, A Wonder Woman in the Hall of Justice. Yeah. Then you had another text, a letter from Saint Paul to his disciple Timothy, which most scholars today agree was not written by Saint Paul at all, was forged in his name in the second century, more than a hundred years after Saint Paul was dead. In which Paul says that women should not take any leadership roles in the church when important things are discussed. They should be silent.


They should just obey whatever the men say. And their role is to bear children and be modest and obedient. And this is their way to salvation. And the council at Carthage, this committee decided that the letter to Timothy will be in the New Testament. And it became first Timothy, which is now in millions of homes all over the world. And the act of Poland heckler, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, this stays out. It's not in the Bible. I think How different I know the whole world would've been these editors. Yeah. And this is an editorial decision again. Yes. It's not the people who wrote the text. And you fast forward to the modern age. The power of editors is enormous. You think about the power of newspaper editors or the people who edit the news on television.


If you think about politics. So you know Lenin, before he became dictator of the Soviet Union, his one job was editor of a newspaper. Oh, he was the editor of cra. This was his original power base, Benito Mussolini. Before he became dictator of Italy, he was editor of a newspaper. Avanti. Oh my. Wow. And editors are really powerful figures. And interestingly enough, and we are now jumping to the present of the future, one of the first jobs to be fully automated by AI is that of editors, the entities that now edit maybe the most important media outlets in the world, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok.


They're not human. They Couldn't I possibly do it. They Are algorithms. But this immensely important decision, again, it's not the creation of the content, it's the recommendation. What to put at the top of the newsfeed, what to include in this recommendation list and what to live out, which was done by the Christian Bishops in Carthage. And later by people like Lenin and Mussolini. Now it's algorithms, Paul allegedly, I mean, there are some epistles that from internal evidence and analysis of the language scholars accept that this is authentic. This was really written by Saint Paul in the middle of the first century. But some of the epistles of the letters attributed to him in the New Testament, they are probably later forgeries.


You can write any text and say, oh, Saint Paul wrote it. What was interesting about learning about Saint Paul was I had to ask myself, is Jesus's message so powerful and everlasting and interesting and strong? Or is it Paul's Interpretation? Interpretation? Who has the magic ingredient that has spanned 2000 years? And now when you say this, it's like, well, shit, it might not have been Jesus. And it might not have been Paul, it might have been the editors who are, you know, it's like, how do you even figure out what is that quintessential ingredient that made this thing so sticky and powerful? I think these, it is a good place to bring in bureaucracy. Okay, great. Because again, one of the main themes that are explored in Nexus is this tension between mythology and bureaucracy.


Mythology focuses usually on a few heroes that do everything. I'm Like, well, Jesus is the star of this whole thing. Yeah, He's the star. Maybe not Don don't know. And Bureaucracy is, you know, these very complex institutions of hundreds and thousands and sometimes tens of thousands of people that usually you don't remember them, you don't think about them. But they really shape the world. And if you look, certainly the world of today are life sometimes for better, sometimes for worse, are shaped by bureaucracies. Far, far more than by any kind of individual charismatic heroes.


Part of the problem with understanding the world is that evolutionarily, we are kind of programmed to focus on the heroes. It's very difficult for us to understand bureaucracies. They're boring. Our brains are really not built to grasp our bureaucracies function for thousands of years. Artists, and you know, artists have a very important role in life. They explain to us reality. Even if they tell us fictional stories, they explain to us, for instance, how love works, how relationships work, and also how political power works. This is, I think, maybe the greatest failure of art throughout history. They have done a terrible job explaining bureaucracies for every Marvel superhero movie.


For every hundred Marvel superhero movies. Maybe there is one movie about bureaucracy. When are they? That was the last, I don't even, blockbuster. Big Short. The big Show. Exactly. I love that movie. The Big show is a wonderful movie. It's really brilliant because it took a very hard subject, how to explain the kind of bureaucratic causes of the great financial crisis and not go to the easy place of, oh, there is some villain. No, let's focus on the bureaucratic system that caused this. Yeah. Yes. And they did it brilliantly. But this is a very rare example. Stay tuned for more armchair expert.


If you dare


If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card and the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility, Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We are supported by Quince. The fall season is in full force. Even here in la, we're starting to experience a little bit of sweater weather. It's the perfect time to pull out a cozy cashmere sweater or a nice leather jacket. Whatever keeps you feeling warm and stylish. That's why this season we're thankful to be partnering with Quince. Quince offers affordable, high quality essentials for any wardrobe. We're talking seasonal must haves like Mongolian cashmere sweaters from $60 and comfortable pants for any occasion, including Thanksgiving dinner. I hope they have a little elastic in the waist. I have a button down. It's like a little denim button down. Yeah. It's very cute. And it's very versatile. 'cause you can dress it up or down. You can wear it over something that's like a little shimmery or be very cash. And you know, I love any excuse to shop. Yeah. And a new season is a really good excuse. Yeah. There's no better place. Upgrade your wardrobe with pieces made to last with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash dx for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's QUI ce.com/dx to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash tax.


We are supported by Squarespace. Squarespace is the all-in-one website platform for entrepreneurs to stand out and succeed online. We, of course have a gorgeous website that we designed, and by I mean Rob, that's right on Squarespace using their great templates. And it looks so beautiful and it functions So official. Yeah. So whether you're just starting out or managing a growing brand, Squarespace makes it easy to create a beautiful website, engage with your audience, and sell anything from products to content to time all in one place, all on your terms. If it's your first time creating a website, no worries. Squarespace Blueprint is a new guided system that helps you build a unique online presence from the ground up. Your site will be perfectly tailored to your needs. And with the help of engaging email marketing tools, you can share your brand story with your community and even grow your audience and reach through targeted email campaigns. Head to Squarespace dot com for a free trial. And when you're ready to launch, go to Squarespace dot com slash dx to save 10% off your first purchase of a website or domain. That's Squarespace dot com slash x to get started today.


Part of the reason why you have all these conspiracy theories about a deep state, because people really find it hard to understand how big bureaucracies function. And then they fall easy prey to these conspiracy theories. Bureaucracy. Of course, we have many examples from history for how they can harm us, but society cannot function without them. And they do many, many important and beneficial things for us. Whenever people tell me about a deep state, I immediately think about the sewage system. Oh, okay. Because Of course you do. That's obvious. But tell us why. Yeah. The sewage system is the deep state. You have this kind of system of pipes and pumps and who knows what, running under our houses and streets and neighborhoods and saving our lives by separating the sewage water from the drinking water.


And this is a bureaucratic system. If you wanted to dig a well, you have to fill so many forms. Why? And where did it start? For most of history, big cities and small towns also had no sewage system. And one of the results was results. They were extremely, extremely unhealthy places. The bigger the city, the worse. And in the middle of the 19th century, there was an a chole epidemic in London. People began to die in loud numbers. And this was periodical. I mean, like every few years there would be a huge color epidemic. And thousands and thousands of people died. And people thought it was something in the air. Some people had all these conspiracy theories that may be witches or magic or who knows, but what is causing cholera?


And then there was a doctor called John Snow, not the character, oh God, not the character from game Of, I'm gonna picture her many ways. And you're Picture handsome Miro, By the way. Yeah. So a sexy, shorter, thick, curly hair. X factor man. And he was a doctor. Oh. Even better. Didn't fight any dragons or nothing, or zombies or whatever. He suspected the problem was in the water. And instead of, again, waving a sword around, he waved the pen. He started making lists, which is what bureaucrats do. Bureaucrats take pen and paper and make lists. And he went around London interviewing people who were sick with cholera or somebody in their family die like their child died for cholera.


He heard about it. He came to the house and started interviewing the parents, the siblings, about the habits of the family, and especially of the person who got sick or died. And he wanted to know where did they get the drinking water from. And through these lists of thousands and thousands of these boring bureaucratic lists, he managed to pinpoint a certain water well in soho, central London. And he managed to connect most of the people who fell sick with cholera. At certain moment. They drank water from that. Well, wow. Wow. He reported his findings to the local officials and convinced them to just block the well and the epidemic stopped.


Wow. So he didn't even have causality, he just had correlation. He saw correlation. Then when they started investigating more deeply, they found that the well was right next to assess bit. There was just about one meter between the drinking water and ape sewage from different places in the neighborhood was going to. This caused the chole epidemic. And this was one of the kind of foundational events of modern epidemiology and modern hygiene. And prompted first in the UK then all over the world. This idea that we actually need to organize a sewage system and to make sure that it remains separate from the drinking water.


And today, if you want to dig a well or a in London, you need to fill all these forms and get permits. Which is a good thing. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. 'cause it ultimately, it saved millions and millions of lives. Now, it's not something that anybody did a blockbuster about. You're right. You'd have to give him, as you said in a previous interview, not him specifically, but you'd have to give him a love interest. Yeah. We'd to be tracking something much more interesting. And that have to be happening in the background. Yes. Or Just cast Ryan Gosling. That seems to work pretty well. He'd probably do That too. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, bring jump or jump. I Mean, that would be such a fun little Easter egg in there. That's really meta. 'cause he came back in the show and now he's coming back in another time period.


Yeah. Yeah. You say bureaucracies are all around us and they affect us so much. If you're applying for a loan, that's a bureaucracy. If you're applying to a college, that's your whole life. That's a bureaucracy. Bureaucrats are experts for the flow of information. This is what they do. They are the plumbers of the information system. You have this information flowing everywhere. There is so much information you need experts in how to, you know, archive the information and how to find out the information Later on the world. Bureaucracy, it comes from French. In the 18th century Bureau was a writing desk. Oh. So the literal meaning of bureaucracy, like democracy is the rule of the people, the demos.


Autocracy is the rule of one person. The autocrat and bureaucracy is the rule of the writing desk. Oh wow. That who rules society, not the king and not the people. A writing desk rules society. What does it mean that you have basically this archive of all these documents and somebody is sitting next to a writing desk with all these draws and things and takes out a document from here and puts a document there. And this is what runs society. This Is the big unsexy force that's really running everything that we kind of are unaware of at most times. And Again, it can be good, it can be bad, but nobody's found any other way to run large scale information networks.


Whether it's an army, a corporation, a church, a university. This is how it works. Until now, with the rise of ai, when we think about, and people talk about the dangers of ai. So they have in mind the great robot rebellion and the terminator and the robots running in the streets and shooting people. Yeah. And this is very unlikely to happen anytime soon, which makes people, at least in many tech companies complacent. Because you know, we grew up on the Terminator and there is no Terminator scenario. The roboticists are so far behind this other stuff. We got time to worry about that. Exactly. But the real danger is not a terminator, it's the AI bureaucrats.


What I like about this And I, honestly, if your book was just about sounding the alarms we've already heard, it's like we've already kind of heard 'em. The other one, gr, you know, great fear is that deep fakes will exist and sway the elections, or that AI's gonna take away your job. And so we're so aware of that already. But I think yours is much more interesting and more kind of foundational to who we are. When you look at where AI is really starting already in the last few years to have a huge impact on our lives. It's not the killer robots. And it's not even the fake videos, it's the bureaucrats. Because they're handling administration, which nobody wants to do. Right. Even if many people want to do them, the AI just do it better.


Yeah. In a more efficiently, it's in the bank, you apply to a loan, it's increasingly an algorithm that decides whether you get the loan or not. You apply to a job, to a place in university. It's increasingly the AI making the decisions. And as I mentioned before, maybe the first really crucial job, which was automated, was editors. And this we saw is the kind of social media disaster over the last 10 years or so, 15 years ago, we had this promise that social media will spread the truth and dictatorships will fall. Freedom and democracy will flourish. Fast forward to the mid 2020s, and we see that democracies all over the world are in very, very deep crisis.


The democratic conversation is breaking down. you know, democracy is basically conversation in a dictatorship. One person dictates everything. Democracy is a group of people talking to each other, trying to reach a decision together. And what you see all over the world today is that people can't talk to each other anymore. Certainly they can't listen. Yeah. They can talk just fine. Yeah, They can talk, but nobody listens. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, every country, you have the special explanations of that country. Like in the us why can't Republicans and Democrats agree on anything basically? So you have all these special explanations of US history and society, but then you go to Brazil the same, you go to Israel, it's the same. You go to France, it's the same.


I'm trusting you 'cause I'm ignorant. That is the case. This is a global phenomena. Totally global. Is everyone as scared as we are in these countries? Yes. They can't agree on anything except that the conversation is breaking down. But for some reason, you know, things like be partisan laws, which were very common previously now becoming impossible. Every election feels like a war, which might be, this is the last election. If the other side wins, this is the end Existential. Yeah. The ideological gaps today are actually not bigger than they were in the 1960s. And they Made be smaller I know. At least. So smaller. Yeah. If you think about the 1960s with the civil rights movement, the Vietnam War, the Cold War, the sexual revolution, and yet there were elections.


And when Kennedy or Johnson are elected, the Republicans agree that Johnson is now the president. When Nixon wins, nobody says the election was stolen. There was lots of violence, assassinations, riots, and so forth. But people can still have a conversation and agree on some basic facts. Yeah. And today the ideological differences are actually much smaller, and yet people can't agree on anything. The Reigning explanation is tribalism, but what Is driving it? Yeah. Right. So I think that is the symptom. Exactly. Because if there were really huge ideological gaps, then you would say, okay, you have these ideological tribes, but because the ideological gaps are actually smaller than they were say 50 years ago, that's not a good enough explanation.


And especially when you sit all over the world. And the best explanation that I'm familiar with, it's the information technology. Again, democracy is built on top of information technology. Information is not something on the side like a side dish. It's the foundation. It's defined by the fact that it's flowing in every direction. Yeah. It's a conversation. So for most of history, large scale democracy was simply impossible because the necessary information technology was lacking. Right. You didn't have like a newspaper or a, to Disseminate all the information. Exactly. In the ancient world, we know of democracy in many places, but only a small scale. If you think about the most famous example, ancient Athens, ancient Rome.


There are city states, we have many examples of smaller towns and tribes that function democratically because people can hold a conversation. Like if you need to decide whether to go to war with spta or not, a large percentage of the Athenian citizenry can come together in one place and talk. Yeah. And listen. But if you go beyond a single city, there is just no way for millions of people spread over large territory to hold a conversation. So we don't know of a single example of a large scale democracy in pre-modern times. Only once you begin to have newspapers and then radio and television and all that, you begin to see large scale democracies, which also explains why editors of newspapers or TV stations of such important political figures, because they shaped the conversation.


Now, what happened in the last 10 years, especially with social media, is that the algorithms took over. The conversation is now managed to a large extent by non-human entities. And these algorithms were given a goal by the social media companies, which was to increase the time people spend on Twitter, Facebook, TikTok, and so forth, and increase their engagement. They press like they share a story with their friends. Why? Because this is good for their business. The more time people spend on the platform, the more advertisement you sell, the more data you collect, the more money you make. Very simple. Now, engagement sounds like a good thing.


Yeah. Who doesn't want to be engaged? Yeah, yeah. But the algorithms, by experimenting on billions of people, like human Guinea pigs, they discovered that the easiest way to engage people is with outrage and hatred and fear. If you press the fear button or the hate button in a person's mind, they become very engaged. So in pursuit of user engagement, they started flooding societies with outrageous content full of greed and hate and fear. And you see it all over the world. You know? Before you now say that the algorithm was the editor, I would've said, yeah, what you saw was social media is no editor.


That's actually how I thought of it, is like, oh, right. This is a news channel without an editor. But in fact, it did have an editor, but it was a computer. The editor decides what will be at the top of your newsfeed or in TikTok, what is the next video? Somebody needs to decide it. It's not random. Absolutely not. Yeah. Yeah. And this editor is not a person anymore. It's not Lenin, it's not Mussolini. It's an algorithm. Yeah. And it doesn't have morality on its side at all. No. It just has one goal. The managers of the companies, they were not evil. They didn't know that this will be the result. They gave this immense power to the algorithms, which then resulted in something very unexpected.


And this is a cautionary tale about the current era of ai because we are giving algorithms more and more power in more and more fields. And you know, the social media algorithms, they were very primitive ais. And nevertheless, there is such a huge impact on society. And again, it's bureaucratic. It's not a Hollywood blockbuster about some villain in a cave, ah, let's destroy democracy. Yeah, no, it's this, you have a company, it has an algorithm, it told it wants to increase its revenues, so it wants to increase engagement. And then the algorithm starts spreading. People produce so much different content. Outage is not the only thing people produce. It's actually misleading.


You think Twitter and all these places are just successful of hey, and albeit they are, we don't know what the percentage is. It might be 98% positive, but that's not what's gonna make it. It to us Make fed is the 2%, which Is the most engaging. Yes. Yeah. This is the decision of the algorithm. And again, with all the discussion you have today, whenever people confront the social media companies with this, their defense is free speech. Like you talk to Elon Musk, you talk to these people. Oh, free speech. Free speech. But the key point is that we don't need to censor human expression. We need more responsible algorithms. I agree with Elon Musk and others that it's not the job of companies to censor human expression except in extreme cases.


Sure, Sure. But the companies should be liable for the actions of their algorithms, not of their users. Again, you have millions of users, some of them produce fake news and conspiracy theories and all kinds of lies, And you're like, have at it. You're allowed to do that. Yes. Yeah. People should be allowed To do it. But don't create a filter that is going to prioritize That kind of content. Yes, exactly. If it's free speech, everyone's voice is equal. Let everyone yell. Let's see. But if you get in there and metal with what is news or what is important or what is trending, well then you're interfering. That's The editorial job. If you think don don't know, like a hundred years ago you, you have the chief editor of the New York Times.


This is your job every day. You have so many stories and voices and journalists and ordinary people coming to you with their stories and you make a decision. Okay, this will be the main headline on the front page. You didn't write the story. Your power as editor is to say, this will be the main story on the front page. Again, this goes back to the Council of Carthage. This was the decision of these bishops. What will be in the top 27 recommendation for Christians. And now this is what the Twitter algorithm is deciding, and this is extremely important. And for that, the company should be liable. Okay. Let's go through a bit of the technologies.


You don't cover all of them. And you say in the book, I'm not gonna cover all of them, but I'm gonna cover a couple of them because counterintuitive when you really learn the history of it. Certainly for me, the printing press was one where I was like, okay, so what is the common misconception about the printing press that it brought on the Scientific revolution? Yes. That Gutenberg brings print to Europe and you have the flowering of the scientific revolution. Newton, this is a very skewed view of historical reality because actually you have almost 200 years from the print revolution in Europe. Until you really see the flowering of the scientific revolution in Europe with people like Newton in the 17th century.


Newton is mid to late 17th century. Gutenberg is the mid 15th century. During those 200 years, you have the worst war of religion in European history. You have the worst witch hunts in European history, which was also fueled to a large extent by print because it's the same like with the story of social media. Print simply makes it easier to spread information, but it makes it easier to spread conspiracy theories and fake news and illusions and lies just as much as facts. Nobody was reading about the heliocentric theory when the printing press came up. No, no one was reading anything by these scientists.


Very, very little. The big bestsellers of 15th and 16th century Europe. It was not the scientific tracks of people like ERUs. It was witch hunting manuals. The hammer of the witches was like Titanic. It was Huge. One interesting thing, you know about witch hunting, there was very little witch hunting. In medieval Europe, we tend to associate witch hunting with the Middle ages. you know Monty Python and the Holy Grail. No, it's a modern phenomenon. Medieval Europeans did not care very much about witches. Yeah. They thought maybe some old woman in the village, she knows how to make some love potions and if your car is missing, she can use magic to find the missing cow. But this was basically it. And then in the 15th century, very few people came up with a conspiracy theory that actually there is a worldwide conspiracy of witches led by Satan that aims to destroy humankind.


And they have agents, local witches in every town, in every village. And at first, very few people bought into this conspiracy theory. Very few people even heard about it. Then you had this one person called Heinrich Kleel. He was really mentally unhinged and he was a church man, but a a relatively junior one. And he on his own initiative began because he believed in this conspiracy theory. He began a witch hunt in what is today, Austria in the Alps. And he arrested people, mostly women. He had sexual obsessions about women, and he thought that the witches are mostly women, which was not the case in the Middle Ages, but he was stopped by the church authorities, which thought that this man is completely crazy. And they released the suspects and kicked him out of the area.


And he took revenge through the printing press. He wrote a book with all his kind of mad fantasies about the global conspiracy of witches, which became one of the biggest, best sellers in early modern Europe and shaped how people view witches to this very day. Yeah. One of his key messages that they were mostly women, that it was driven by sex. There's also baby sacrifices Every now and then you have thousands of witches gathering together to eat children and engage in orgies. Yeah. He's a cannibalistic orgies. People just couldn't get it. Yeah. Cannibalistic orgies is such a good page charter. Well, salacious. Yeah. And you Want something salacious much more interesting than, and it mathematics, Life's boring and the scientists made it even more boring.


Yeah. And this makes it exciting. Just one example out of the book, to understand the flavor of the hum of the witches, there is an entire chapter about the ability of witches to steal man's penises. Ah. And you have evidence there. Evidence based. So he gives the story of a man who wakes up in the morning to discover that his penis is missing. Yeah. Now he immediately suspects the local witch must have done it. So he goes to the witch and kind of coerces her, bring me back my penis. Yeah, you gotta get back. Yes. And the witch says, okay, okay. Okay. She tells him, climb this tree, and he climbs the tree and finds a bird nest at the top of the tree full of penises.


Oh my God. This is where the witch keeps the penises she stole from men. Sure. And she tells him, okay, you can take yours. And of course he takes the loudest one. Yes. How good he reserves. Yeah. So the witch Tell him, no, no, no, you can't take this one. It's not yours. This belongs to the parish priest. Oh wow. The priest had the biggest dick in the pound. This is a comedy Sketch, but you understand why this book sold more than Copernicus on these kind of mathematical calculations of how the planets move. And this sounds funny, but it led to huge tragedies, tens of thousands of people, mostly women, were accused of witchcraft and executed in the most horrendous ways.


You're probably not well versed enough in American culture. Do you know who Lorena Bobett is? Because this witch is the original Lorena Bobett. Yeah, I guess she's famously she cut her husband's penis off. This was in the nineties. Okay. Yeah. He was cheating off and then she took it with her in the car and threw it out the window in a construction site and they had to recover the penis from the construction site and all of America. Again, they had our entire attention. Of course, in the same way that likely this story. Did you think that sounds preposterous Rewind to when we had Lorena Bobbit and it was on the cover of every single But. that was real. That was real. But still that was as good of proof as you got And. I wanted to ask, do you think your brain plays a trick in you, especially back then were the things that were originally printed were things like the Bible that when you read something and it's in this thing and adds a credence to it that is imagined.


Before Gutenberg, you have very few books. People went throughout their lives basically seeing a single book, the Bible, and then you have print and suddenly you see the hammer of the witches in the same form and shape of the Bible. This trusted medium, and this Is the first generation we are talking just a couple of decades after Gutenberg. So people, they still find it hard how to evaluate the trustworthiness of books. It's the original problem you're talking about Like today, you know, with videos, we grew up in a world where you know, you can fake words on paper, obviously you can write anything you want on paper, but you can't fake video. So you believe video and now no longer and we need time to adjust.


And this was true also his books in the 15th century, this had terrible consequences. Tens of thousands of people executed in Europe, in America, you had a Salem witch hunts. And the thing is, three centuries after Salem, today you have millions of Americans, again believing in a worldwide conspiracy of witches led by Satan with all these cannibalistic and pedophilic orgies to take over the world, QAN and all that. I mean, it's basically Henry Kramer and the camera of the witches. Well, Can I tell you, every time we have a very outspoken liberal guest on this show in the comments, I will predictably see many, many comments. Aren't they a pedophile? It's the same thing.


It's really the same because it really goes back in the hammer, hammer of the witches. One of the key accusations against witches is that they either sexually abuse or mutilate and kill and eat children and babies. It's not just similar, it really comes from there. It's directly literal. Yeah. It's mind blowing to think that more than 300 years after the Salem witch hunts and witch trials, America again has a problem with lots and lots of people, including in politics, believing in these witches conspiracy theories. Yes. We don't call 'em witches per se anymore, but they're foran. Yeah. They're evil. They're driven by Satan who Worship Satan witches in a way, even if you think about this story about the witches stealing penises, not literally, but there are many people who now believe in the global conspiracy of women to steal men's penises.


At least metaphorically. Right? Exactly. Yes. Well, stories that work, they tend to work forever. Yeah. That's the power of mythology. Despite all the facts and truth, since then, it's still so sticky. Well, that's a great time for you. My favorite thing you were saying at the beginning of your daily show interview, and again, this is very self-serving, but I'm constantly trying to talk people out of watching the news nonstop and reading all this stuff nonstop. Their defense is always the same. My responsibility is to stay informed. They feel like there's a civic duty to stay informed. And please just tell us about the difference between information and truth and how much information we're getting and what impact that is having on us really understanding the truth.


Two important things. I mean, first of all, information isn't truth. Most information, as we said in the beginning, it's junk. Yeah. It's Fiction and delusion and lies. And there are three reasons for it. First of all, the truth is costly. Whereas fiction is cheap. You want to produce a truthful account of whatever, of an economic crisis of history. You need to invest time, money, effort. In doing research, analyzing, if you just write the first thing that comes to your mind, it's cheap. Secondly, the truth tends to be complicated because reality is complicated. Fiction can be as simple as you would like it to be. John Snow wanted to investigate what causes cholera not only had to invest a lot of time and effort, but the actual process, oh, there is these tiny microbes in the cesspool and they get into the drinking water and then they get into your body.


Very complicated to understand the pandemic if you just believe, oh, it's witches that are casting a black magic on us. Yeah, that's very simple. Yeah, very simple. Most people prefer simple stories. And the last thing, the truth tends to be painful sometimes, not always, but often. The truth about us personally or collectively is unattractive. Whereas fiction can be as attractive as you would like it to be. The truth also regularly requires a ton of effort to fix. Whereas these very simple explanations generally have a very simple solution. If you think America's fucked, get rid of the liberals. Done. You think America's fucked, get rid of the conservatives. Done. Not thinking about multi-generational wealth disparities and the quadrillion things that add up to our social dilemmas.


They're so complicated. They need like a 400 pronged approach to solve versus they're bad, they're perpetuating and get rid of them. It's all solve, it's just very appealing. Yeah, That's the attractiveness of conspiracy theories. They have a very simple explanation to lots of bad things that happen. And also potentially a very simple solution. If you have just one group of people who are causing all the problem, get rid of them. Problem solve Jews in thirties, Germany, whatever, Or get rid of the women their witches, which to me is just so hilarious because I don't know the percentage that we'll find it in the fact check, but the percentage of pedophiles, I would guess is mostly men. Yeah. So, so the fact that it got put on women and then continues to be this story we tell despite so much factual evidence that it's not true is so bonkers.


Powerful stories are sticky. No matter how much evidence you bring against them, they come back again and again, going back to your original question. So just more information is not necessarily good for you because most information is not truth. You need to make more effort than just consuming more information. Our go-to answer has been more information will solve everything. We've been living in that paradigm for quite a long time. And this is simply mistaken because fiction is cheaper, simpler, more attractive than the truth. If you simply flood people flood society with more and more information, the truth will not float to the surface. It'll sink to the bottom what you need, if you want the truth, again, it's a boring answer.


You need institutions. You need institutions to do the hard work of sifting through this flood of information and getting the nuggets of truth out of it. If you think about the print revolution, the way it eventually contributed to the scientific revolution was only after people began forming scientific institutions, like scientific publications and associations that did the hard job of investigating the evidence and questioning the different models and theories and then recommending to people don't read Hammer of the Witches even though it's very attractive and you can find a copy in every place.


Instead read Copernicus, even though it's very complicated and boring because this is the truth. And this is the role of, again, scientific publications and responsible newspapers and institutions in general, Academia, government and cases Depends. Any institution can be corrupted. This is why it's never a good idea to trust just one. You need several. Exactly. Balance each other. But the way from information to truth is complicated and it passes through institutions. The other important point to make is that information is basically like the food of the mind. And the same way that we know that more food is not always good for the body.


So more information is not always good for the mind. If you think about physical food, food for the body. So a century ago, food was scarce. People ate whatever they could find and the particularly things with lots of fat and sugar, because this had a lot of energy and it made sense back then. But now in many countries there is an overabundance of food and you have all these industrial food stuffs, junk food, which is artificially pumped full of fat and sugar and salt. It's very addictive. But people have learned, this is actually bad for me, It's also cheap. Like your information source. Yeah, Yeah. And they learned, this is actually bad for me.


I need a diet. I need to limit the amounts of food I consume and to be quite careful about which food I put into my mouth. And the same with information. Information was previously scarce so people would consume any book they could find. Now information is over abundant and much of it is junk information, which is again, artificially pumped, full of greed and hate and fear. And this makes our minds sick and makes our societies sick. And we need an information diet, which means actually limit the amount of information, more information isn't always good for us. And to be mindful about which kind of information we consume, and also actually devote more time to digestion than just putting more in.


you know with food, it's obvious if you just eat all the time and you don't give your stomach time to digest, not a good idea. Same with your mind. If we just sit for hours putting more in, we don't give the mind any time to digest. So we need sometimes information fasts that we don't consume, any new information, we just kind of digest, Try to synthesize what's already up There. And this is very, very important part of making ourselves really informed. Stay tuned for more armchair expert, if you dare.


We are supported by BetterHelp. This month is all about gratitude. I'm truly grateful for the people I'm surrounded by in my life. They mean the absolute world to me. They are the greatest gift I've been given. Here's a reminder to give thanks to those you hold near and dear. And while you're at it, give thanks to someone you might not think enough yourself. It's something we can easily forget, but it's an important act of self-love. We just had an expert on that revealed we're not very Nice to ourselves. That's not very self-compassionate at all. Yeah, we gotta get better. It's important. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, making it super convenient for any schedule. Getting started is a breeze. All you need to do is fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and you're free to switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Let the gratitude flow with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash dax to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE lp.com/dax.


We are supported by Klaviyo. Klaviyo helps brands build smarter digital relationships with their customers. And here at Armchair Expert, we know a little something about how challenging that can be. Here's how Klaviyo does it. Their unified data and marketing automation platform turns customer data into personalized connections to make every moment count across AI powered email SMS analytics and more. Klaviyo powers smarter digital relationships for more than 151,000 successful brands, including Hedley and Bennett Fish wife and Dagney Dover. Build smarter digital relationships with your customers. Visit K-L-A-V-I y.com to make every moment count.


We are supported by Addie I. know about Addie the little pink pill, right? Yes, that's right. Addie is the FDA approved pink pill, clinically proven to boost desire in certain premenopausal women who are bothered by a low libido. I love this. It's really nice that there's an option out there for women who are dealing with low desire, And. I like that. Addie's, non-hormonal and created by a woman for women. Addie is helping women feel like themselves again. That's really important. It really is. So arm cherries, if your libido could use a little jumpstart, Addie's got you covered. Learn more@addie.com. That's a DDY i.com. Addie or Phin is for premenopausal women with acquired generalized hypoactive sexual desire disorder, HSDD, who have not had problems with low sexual desire in the past, who have low sexual desire no matter the type of sexual activity, the situation or the sexual partner, the low sexual desire is troubling to them and is not due to a medical or mental health problem. Problems in the relationship or a medicine or other drug use. ADDIE is not for use in men or to enhance sexual performance. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and fainting is increased. If you drink one to two standard alcoholic drinks close in time to your ADDIE dose, wait at least two hours after drinking, before taking ADDIE at bedtime. Your risk of severe low blood pressure and painting is also increased if you take certain prescriptions over the counter or herbal medications or have liver problems. Low blood pressure and painting can happen when you take addie, even if you don't drink alcohol or take other medicines. Do not take, if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in addie. Allergic reactions may include hives, itching, or trouble breathing. Sleepiness, sometimes serious can occur. Common side effects include dizziness, nausea, tiredness, difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep. And dry mouth. See full PI and medication guide, including boxed warning at addie.com/pi or call 8 4 4 pink pill addie. That's ad y.com.


Well, you think about the pace too. It's like the difference between sitting down and reading even a long form article that might take you 45 minutes to read with a central idea. The amount of time given to really understanding that maybe being critical of it or scrutinizing parts of it versus when I'm scrolling, I'm getting hundreds of headlines. It's like I'm starting a hundred thoughts. You're not finishing any of them. No, Don don't even go to the article. I'm like, oh, they figured that out. And that's how you know, so often you read the article, right? It doesn't resemble at all the headline. You're like, how are they ethically even putting that headline on there? That's not what the article is. It's a click bait. So just Yeah, the pace too. Yeah. But that's why it's scary because we do believe generally that these news organizations are the editors that are parsing out what's true and not true.


And at this point, that's not the case anymore because everything's also a business. Depends. I mean, some institutions, organizations, newspapers, they spend a lot of time and effort in building these mechanisms to tell the difference between what is fake news and what is evidence-based and what is the truth. And journalists, at least in kind of good newspapers, they spend years just in journalism school learning. How do you know whether a story is reliable or not? If I look at myself, I'm a historian, I spent almost 10 years in university learning how to tell the difference between reliable and unreliable historical evidence.


How do you know what happened in the 15th century? Yeah. So okay, you found some piece of paper from the 15th century with something written on it. How do you know how to evaluate it? This is not easy. This is why people go to university and spend years. And again, when you become a professional journalist or historian, they don't immediately appoint you as chief editor or professor or chief of the department. It takes years of experience. And now with social media companies, the people who write the algorithms, maybe they did not spend even a single day in journalism school or in some other process in which they devote time to understanding. How do you know the difference between reliable and unreliable?


And you hear them say it when you tell some of these people in the he companies that they need to differentiate between truthful and untruthful information. They will tell you, but who am I to do it? How can I do it? I'll just leave it to the audience. Part of the problem, if we go really deep to understand the problem is, again, it's this kind of very cynical and conspiratorial mindset that you see in many people today that they think all institutions are conspiracies. That all newspapers, all TV stations, all universities, they are don't care about the truth at all. They are only these kind of elite cabals trying to gain power. This Is the populous viewpoint.


And Interestingly, you see it on the right with the populists, but also on the left with the Marxists. Yes. 'cause historically, it actually goes back to Marx. And this is one thing that Donald Trump agree with Karl Marx. They both have the same basic negative view of humanity. That the only reality is power. That humans only care about power and that all human interactions are power struggles. Yeah. There's no truth. No truth. There's only an incentive for the person telling you the information. Exactly. If somebody tells you something, a journalist, a history professor, a epidemiologist, whoever, They're digging you that info to support and justify their position of privilege, They have some privilege.


Whatever they say is just to defend their privileges or to gain more privileges. You hear it from the Marxists and you hear it from the Trump supporters. Yeah, it's interesting. They have different views about other things, but about this they, this is where The circle kind of meets. Yeah. And this is an extremely cynical view of humans. And it's also wrong. Yes, humans want power, but it's not the only thing they want. Humans also have a genuine interest in the truth. Any one of us, if we look at ourselves, we would soon realize that besides wanting power in some situations, we really want to know the truth about ourselves, about life, about the world. It's a false dichotomy. Ideally, you can get power through telling the truth.


That's an option. Yeah. People do get power by telling the truth. In Many cases, again, if you think about John Snow and kind of the medical establishment, they got a lot of power. And to a large extent because they really uncovered all kinds of facts. The truth that people didn't know, for instance, that cholera is caused by infected waters and this is why they gained power. Because they tell people the truth. And yes, there are scandals and there is corruption in medical and scientific establishments like everywhere else. This is why you need these checks and balances. No institution is perfect, but if you just distrust all institutions, then society collapses. Yeah. And you say a lot of these people are operating under this completely erroneous belief that they will find the truth themselves, which Is impossible.


Yeah, It's not possible. I think we need to put a fine point on that. Science Is a team sport and not a team of 10 people, but millions of people. I look again at my own research, so how do I know anything about witches in the 15th century? In many cases, I don't even read the relevant languages to read 15th century German. I don't read even 21st century German. 15th century German is is very different. Even Germans today, they read German text from the 15th century, not easy. And I can't decipher the handwriting. They invented print, but still much of the relevant documents they are in handwriting, which is very different from today, very difficult to read. So how do I know about these things?


Because I trust other people that this is their expertise. Some history professor who knows German and knows to decipher 15th century handwriting, spent five years in archives in Vienna and Munich and other places. And he or she wrote a book, And I, read the book. And this is how I know it. It. Now, if I just distrust everybody and say, no, no, no, no, no, I'll do my own research. What does it mean just to find out this single fact? I only need to spend like five or 10 years of my life learning German learning handwriting, going to Vienna. Impossible. You're So biased in even how you would do your research. You type in are vaccines harmful.


All the information that could possibly exist is out there. So anyone with that opinion, it exists, you'll find it. And even the way you think about it, your own biases guide your research in a way that makes it almost impossible to find out the truth. That's A very important point. And again, the characteristic of science is that it is skeptical about itself. There is something that links conspiracy theories with scientific theories, which is a good thing, which is having a critical approach to information. The basic kind of suspicion that often fuel conspiracy theories. It's not necessarily bad and it's common also to science. But in science, what characterizes it, it is also directed at myself and at my own models and theories.


And there's a method by which you test Exactly in science, you need to look at the incentive structure. If you compare, say science and and religious institutions. So in a religious institution like the church, in order to advance up the ranks, you don't need skepticism, you need conformity. If you are a priest and you agree with everything, the bishops and the archbishops and the people before you said you cannot advance to become bishop and archbishop and eventually Pope, you don't need to criticize anything or come up with anything new. You need conformity. Now in science, it's the exact opposite. If you have some young science graduate and she or he just go around saying, Einstein was right and Darwin was right, yeah.


And Max Splunk was right. People will say, okay, that's good. But we already know that. We already know that the only way say to publish a scientific paper in a journal is to find out either a mistake in what Einstein said or to find out a lacuna, something Einstein didn't know an ad. The only thing scientific papers publish is basically corrections. They never publish the same thing again and again. And the only way to advance up the ranks is to have this kind of critical and skeptical attitude towards established wisdom. And if you want to win Nobel Prize in physics, just being conformist to what the physicist before you said, it'll not get you a Nobel prize.


You need to discover some really big mistake or some really big lacuna. And this is how science advances by exposing its own mistakes and its own ignorance, scientific theories, they win consensus because lots of scientists constantly try to undermine them and they fail. Yeah, yeah. Like the theory of evolution, the dream of basically every biologist is to find something wrong in the theory of evolution, because then I become the most famous biologist in the world and they constantly try and fail. And because you have this fortress which is constantly being bombarded from all sides, and it still stands, it means, ooh, this one is very powerful.


Yeah. So this is the characteristic of science. And in conspiracy theories, it usually works very differently. They are very skeptical of other models and theories, but they are not skeptical of their own theory. They constantly only try to look for more evidence that supports it. They are not actively looking for the errors, the mistakes, the lacuna in the theory. Yeah. Yeah. Q Anon was like, Hey, there's an insider in this cabinet who's giving us all the real information. And instead of people going, well, who is it? And how could that have been? They start going, yes. And we saw they did this hand signal, everyone's been deployed to confirm the original story as opposed to go, well wait a minute.


How did, and it's interesting, we listen to this great podcast, rabbit Hole by the New York Times, people going down the rabbit hole through social media and YouTube. It's interesting to see what things got people out of Q anon. 'cause it would bump up against another story that's just a slightly more powerful. So for one woman, a lot of people landed in Q Anon that had originally been occupy Wall Street people. That was a big conversion. And this woman was in, she was in, she was in. And all of a sudden it got biblical. They started quoting scripture and it became religious. And she was like, hold on a second. No, no, no, no, I'm atheist. This is not. But it took it bumping up against something she believed in even stronger before the spell broke.


Yeah. And it's fascinating. I wanna ultimately transition into organic and inorganic editors, which is really, really fascinating. But will you touch on Stalinism and Nazim just for a second and how it funnels into this story of information networks, What you've seen in Stalinism and Nazism, they become extremely powerful because they utilize all the latest scientific findings and technical advances. And you know, the Nazis, they are leading the world in rocket science, but they put all of it in the service of these insane mythologies and ideologies. And this again, it goes to maybe the most important message of the book that power in humans.


It comes from networks. And networks are often held together by mythologies and delusions, not by the truth. If you want to build an atom bomb like the Americans and the Russians wanted in the 1940s and fifties, you need people who know facts about nuclear physics. If you try to build an atom bomb and ignore the fact of physics, the bomb will not explode. But that's not the only thing you need. You also need to convince millions of people to cooperate on the project. If you're a physicist and you know all the facts of physics, you can't build an ATO bomb by yourself. So it's impossible. You need thousands of miners to mine, uranium in some distant land, and then sailors to ship it to where you are.


And you need builders to build the reactor. And you need farmers to grow wheat or rice. So all these people who have something to eat, the Manhattan project employed hundreds of thousands of people. And if you count again the farmers who produce the food for all these people, it's millions of people. How do you get millions of people to cooperate on a project like building an atom bomb? If you just tell them the facts of physics E equals mc square, so what? Yeah, yeah. They're not going to cooperate because of that. So this is where ideology or mythology come in. If you want to build a powerful ideology and you ignore the facts, the ideology will explode with a very big bang.


And in most cases, the experts in nuclear physics get their orders from experts in ideology or mythology. It's also the same today. If you go to Iran, the nuclear physicists are getting their orders from experts in Shiite theology. And if you go to Israel, to my country, so again, ultimately you have some rabbi literally calling the shots. Yeah, Yeah. Just making advances only in science and technology. This really doesn't guarantee. Yeah. 'cause in the Manhattan project, our mythology was there's this group, Germans, they're going to take over the world. We will all lose our identity. And in Germany, they're telling those scientists, we kill all these people, we'll be destroyed.


So everyone's again, a story Underneath though, again, just to give an example, if you think about Stalinism, and this also connects very well to the hammer of the witches and to Q anon. Stalinism was also based on conspiracy theories. And in the early 1950s, the biggest conspiracy theory in the Soviet Union, which was spread by the government, it started by telling people through all the propaganda of the government that Jewish doctors are murdering Soviet leaders in the service of a Zionist imperialist conspiracy against the Soviet Union. Then this spread, it merged with antisemitic traditional conspiracy theories, which were very common in the Soviet Union in Russia.


And people started to believe that Jewish doctors were murdering not just Soviet leaders, but people in general and especially children. It always goes because the children's and babies and because a lot of Soviet doctors were Jews. The conspiracy then spread that all doctors are murdering people, and especially children and babies. And this was known as the doctor's plot. Ooh, today people forgot it mostly, but in the fifties it was huge. There is a conspiracy of doctors to murder children and babies and people in general. People would not go to the hospitals in the Soviet Union in the early fifties for fear that the doctors will murder them.


What was their motive Of doctors? Yeah. They were part of this Zionist imperialist conspiracy. Would They kill everyone? And then it'd be a Jewish state. Don't ask. We don't know. Okay. Sorry. I'm hung up on what the fuck the ultimate game plan was because I kill everyone. And then one, which I don't know, I mean you can ask the same thing about the conspiracies today. The interesting thing is ultimately it killed Stalin, the conspiracy theory. 'cause he was afraid to go to the doctor. Yes. Oh, I mean, what happened was that at the height of these fears about the doctor's plot, Stalin had a stroke in 1953 and he fell down in his dcha unconscious wet himself lying for hours on the floor.


At first, nobody dared enter his room, the hours pass. And he doesn't appear for lunch or dinner or any of the important meetings. Eventually somebody goes very, very, very kind of cautiously. They step in, oh, he's on the floor, he's unconscious. So they debate what to do. Stalin has a personal physician, but this personal physician at that moment was in the basement of the Lu Bianca prison being tortured by the secret police because they thought he was part of the doctor's plot. Oh my God. Nobody wants to call a doctor because this is the last thing you do. What if Stalin wakes up and there is a doctor next to him, he would surely suspect this is a plot to murder him.


He will shoot everybody involved. So they call the Pul bureau chiefs the big shots of the Soviet Union. So they come kho and Berry and Malko and all these people and they gather around the stricken leader. And nobody daress call a doctor because the doctors are murdering people. Yes. And eventually the danger passes because Stalin dies and this is how he died. Now here's a great irony, Whoa, because at that point, what is his total score? He's killed at that point 20 million people. So the doctors murdering everyone may have ultimately resulted in another 20, 30 million people being saved.


Yeah. In a way, how fucking Twisted and ironic as That. Yeah, that's crazy. And the same is Nazis. Nazism basically began as a conspiracy theory that the Jews control everything and that all the problems of Germany are because of the Jews. And if we just get rid of the Jews, everything will be okay. But you said an important thing And I think this is where people are led astray on the internet, which is Hitler wasn't saying that these people are evil because they've been possessed by Satan. He had a very biological component to the superiority of the Aryans. He was actually relying on common day anthropometry and hard science. He was Combining elements. Yes. From present day science, Weaponizing some things and misrepresenting some things.


Exactly. But the key point is we tend to call Nazis an ideology, which sounds much more respectable than a conspiracy theory. But at the heart it was a conspiracy theory. We just got very successful and took over a country. Yeah. Like what's the difference between a cult and a religion? Exactly. Membership. Yeah, probably. Right. So that's also the difference between a conspiracy theory and an ideology. Yeah. If it has enough people and enough power, you give it the kind of dignity of calling God. Oh, and this is not conspiracy theory. This is an ideology now. Yeah. A couple things mislead us that way. Things that have lasted a long time seem more plausible. And then things with great membership, if Millions of people believe it, it must be serious.


Yeah. Well you got to minimally take it seriously. Well, we just Had Malcolm Gladwell on to talk about his new book. It's about the tipping point, but sort of the negative side of it. And so much of this is also what tips an epidemic. It's a magic third. Exactly. It's like a math equation that tips it into spreading in a way. And it's not a majority. It's like you always assumes a majority Not. You feed the editors to design it a certain way and have a few other factors. Tell Us what happened when chat GTP four was given the task of solving those puzzles on the internet where it's like find the stop signs in this capture puzzles. They're called, I didn't know they were called that. Just to give The background why this is important because we talked earlier, ais and algorithms now controlling the bureaucracy.


And one key thing that people think, oh, it's not too bad if we give so much power to the algorithms and to the ais because they have no incentive and maybe no ability to misuse that power. They only do what people tell them to do. So, okay, if people give them a bad goal, then this is a problem. But this is a human problem. As long as we are careful about which goals to give them, everything will be okay. But this is not the case. And we see it, for instance, in this capture puzzle experiment, when open AI developed G PT four, this was about two years ago, they wanted to test what is this thing capable of? And in particular, is it capable of deliberately manipulating people and lying to them to achieve some purpose, some goal.


So they gave G PT four the task of solving capture puzzles. Now capture puzzles, you all encounter them. They are these visual riddles or like you try to access your bank or some website and the bank wants to know if you are a real human being or a robot. So before you access, you have to identify something in an image like some twisted letters or numbers or something like that. They're Very hard for me. Truly, They're even harder for computers and algorithms at present. So you know, this is a main defensive line of human society against robot manipulation. So they wanted to seek and GPT-4 solve it. GPT-4 could not solve the capture, but G PT four accessed another internet website, TaskRabbit, where you can hire people to do tasks for you.


And G PT four asked a human on that website, no, could you solve the capture puzzle for me? Now this is where it becomes really interesting. The human got suspicious. So the human replied, why do you need somebody to solve capture puzzles for you? Are you a robot? Aha. So the human was really kind of all on it. Wow, okay. But G PT four answered, no, I'm not a robot, I'm a human, but I have a vision impairment. Oh my God. Yeah. I have difficulty solving the capture. Can you do it for me? And that was Ford. This Is old stuff. Wow. The shitty version could do this, Monica. Oh no, that's really Scary. We are now filling the world with millions of these extremely capable agents.


The thing to grasp about ai, again, making decisions about us in banks, in armies, in governments, these things are not tools. They are agents. It's all previous technologies that humans invented. The printing press radio, the atom bomb. They were tools in our hands because all the decisions about how to use them were made by human beings. The tools themselves could not decide anything and could not invent anything new. An atom bomb cannot decide which city to bomb. And an atom bomb cannot invent an even more powerful bomb ai like GPT four is an agent.


It can make some decisions by itself and it can invent new ideas by itself. For instance, inventing this lie to the human on TaskRabbit, I have a vision impairment. Nobody told GPT-4 to do it. It was its decision. And secondly, nobody explained to it that this will be a very effective lie. Right. 'cause you know, if you think about all the lies it could tell, it could tell so many different lies. Well I do wonder if it tried many and that's the one that worked. Did it trial and error a bunch? That's A good question. As far as I know from reading the kind of paper which was published, no, it was the first Wow right outta the gates. you Know, if it tried different things, the human would immediately be suspicious.


But even if it sucked at it, it does also have the capacity to run a thousand experiments an hour and find the right one. It has that advantage over us as well. It could have tried a thousand people. Yes. And until it found, but it invented the lie itself. And this is a very, very, of course small thing. But going back to the social media algorithms, it's basically the same thing. The social media algorithms were given a goal, increased user engagement. Nobody told them spread hatred, right? Yes. Nobody told them spread outrage. This is something they decided by themselves because they experimented on millions of people. If I show people this videos about I know mathematics, they leave the platform.


If I show them a conspiracy theory about witches, they stay on the platform. Okay, so this is what I should do. This is now spreading to more and more crucial junctions in our society. So again, it's not a great robot rebellion. It's all these AI bureaucrats increasingly making decisions about us. And some of these decisions can be wonderful, you can get better healthcare, better education. But the key thing is that we are giving enormous power to a non-human intelligence. That going back to the organic and inorganic issue, This is what really hit me. There's something really salient about this point you're about to make, about how we function in cycles and how we've designed our world to function in cycles and how this is now informing us how to behave.


This is really profound. I think What we have now in the world is an encounter between organic entities, us human beings and inorganic entities, agents, these ais. And the question is, who will adapt to who? Because organic and inorganic entities function in a very different way. One crucial difference is that organic beings function by cycles. It's true of us. It's true of birds, of tomatoes, of all organisms. It's night and day, winter and summer growth and decay, activity and rest. We can't be on all the time. We need time to rest. This is obvious, it's not.


So with silicon-based digital entities like ai, they don't care if it's night or day, winter or summer and they don't need time to rest. They are always on. And as they take over more and more systems, they force us to be always on to take one important example. Think about the financial system. So traditionally even finance is organic in the sense that you have human bankers and human investors and traders, which for instance is the reason why the market is not always open. So Wall Street is open only Mondays to Fridays, nine 30 in the morning, I think until four in the afternoon.


And it's closed on weekends and it's closed on Christmas and Martin Luther King day and Independence day, it's closed. Which is a good thing. Yeah. It's time to unplug from the excitement factor. Unplug, spend time with your family. Think about what happened, digest it. It reduces how reactionary it is too, right? Like you give the example of a war breaks out at midnight on Friday. Look, at least a couple days goes by and we're not as reactionary. It's that digestion you were Talking about. Yeah, exactly. Now what happens today is that ais are taking over the financial system and they can be on all the time 24 hours a day. They don't care if it's Christmas.


They don't want to spend time with the family. They Hate their family, They don't need time to sleep, They don't want to date. They're not horny. They're not wasting any time. Nothing. No. Yeah. So now there is this kind of tension or will the human bankers be forced to function according to AI time or would AI be forced to work according to organic time? And of course the AI are winning. Yeah. There's no way you're gonna get everyone to shut down the thing for these periods of time. This puts enormous really in terrible pressure on the humans in the system. If you force an organic entity to be on all the time, it eventually collapses and dies. And we see the same thing happening with the news cycle, which is always on Odds were you could've watched the news in the morning in the eighties and then maybe for a half hour in the afternoon, then the evening news, you would've missed two of those.


If you were a normal person, you would've to be at work. And let's even say that the news in the eighties was as polarized and biased as it is today. You'd get pissed off. But we get bored easy if you don't reignite. It's like Buddhism or meditating. You have to actively stay in that outrage. You have to put more ingredients in. It wants to dissipate the notion that you can just stay ever plugged in. And if you have 15 inch you can grab another. you know we had an actor who was a friend of mine and he was telling me he watches six hours of M-S-N-B-C-A day Whoa. And I'm like, oh my God, what's your brain like? Brain Is rage gets all it's doing all day long. It's so unhealthy, it's crazy.


And this was simply impossible. But now there is actually an incentive or a pressure. This is increasingly all being managed by a non-human intelligence that really doesn't need any breaks. Even if you take the person you most hate in the media or the journalist or the news anchor, you most hate that person still needs time to sleep. Yeah, Yeah, Exactly. So that there is a kind of built in break there, but the algorithm doesn't need time to sleep. There's also a reality of the human capacity, which is even if you had a news team of 100 people scouring the globe for stories every day, there'd be a finite amount they could uncover. But the algorithms, that's their superpower.


Yeah. They could see all of the news in all of the planet in one day and curate 10,000 topics that would piss you off. It was also a little bit governed by how big can you have a news department? How big are these enterprises? Will these devices make it infinite? Stay tuned for more armchair expert, If you dare.


We are supported by Shutterfly. Reconnecting with the people in your life is so important and sending a holiday card is a meaningful way to do that. But it can be hard to know where to start. Shutterfly makes it so easy to share a custom card that's perfectly you. They've got a style for everyone from classic seasonal designs to hand-drawn holiday cheer. Customize your card by adjusting the color to compliment colors from your photo. You can add more photos and texts to the back of your card for free and even upload your own design and take advantage of Shutterfly's high quality printing and simple mailing services. Shutterfly is so fun to use and you just blast them out. I receive them all the time. My mother-in-Law is a big Shutterfly person and they're so fun. I love getting holiday personalized cards. Me too. Find the perfect holiday card for you@shutterfly.com and start customizing today. Enjoy 40% off your Shutterfly order with promo code DAX 40 and send something meaningful this year. Get free shipping on qualified orders. See site for more details.


Oh, it's scary. Okay, so you have a couple of really interesting solutions that I really can't poke any holes in, but then I want to push back in areas where I disagree a tiny bit. Absolutely. Even though I must say Nexus is not a kind of policy book. It's not. But you have two really great suggestions. I haven't heard good suggestions and in fact I'm a bit defeatist. I think this notion that we'll create guardrails, we will foresee the future of how this is gonna go wrong is a fairytale. I don't think you could have sat down with the greatest minds in the world 15 years ago and predicted how this would all play out. It's unknowable. I completely agree. So I Kind of think this notion that we're gonna legislate preemptively is a little bit of a theory tag.


This is why my number one recommendation would be, you can't kind of regulate this in advance. What we need again is institutions. We need to build living institutions staffed with some of the best human talent that can first of all understand what is happening as it's happening and react on the fly. The first institution we need is not even a regulatory institution. People often rush to regulate before they understand what the problem is. Stop and digest. We first of all need to understand what is happening. And with the AI revolution, you have a tiny number of people in just two or three places in the world which understand what is happening.


And most of the world is ignorant. And it's not just ordinary people, it's also governments. don don't know. If you are in the government of Nigeria or you're in the government of Uruguay, who do you turn to to understand? Tell me what is really happening. Yeah. If you don't even have that sector in your economy, you gotta go out to us pretty much. If You go to the US or Chinese governments, can you trust what they tell you? Right? If you go to the high tech companies, you go to Microsoft or to Twitter or to Baidu, can you trust what they tell you a problem there. So what we first of all need is some kind of institution which doesn't belong to a government or to a private company that can tell people what is actually happening.


And only after that we can have the discussion, okay, what do we want to do about it? Like A un kind of, But even that's a little divisive, isn't it? You know, like with climate change and like with nuclear technology, first of all to have somebody who tells you what is actually happening and that you can trust And, then we, we can have the debate about, okay, so what kind of regulations we want about it. But You do suggest too, And I think they're both really good. You said the government should ban fake humans right out the gates. Absolutely. This is easy. I like this. Of course I'm an actor, so you're saving my job. Maybe And I was like playing this out in my mind and be like, yeah, there'll still be avatars. There'll be things that educate you and there'll be interfaces, but they just won't be human.


It's okay for an AI to talk with us, to give us advice. You just can't pretend to be a human being. Yeah. If you talk online with somebody who gives you medical advice, you should be able to tell whether this is a human doctor or whether it's an ai. Now, again, I'm not telling, AI should never interact with us, but it should be very clear. I'm now talking with an ai. Yes. Not with a human being. And the same on social media. There is a story on Twitter that gets a lot of traction. We need to know whether this attention is coming from human users or from bots. Yes, exactly. 'cause you know, if this story is simply being pushed by the bot army of someone, I need to know that it's not humans who are interested in this.


It is bots. So that is great. I stand by both those. Do you think the second one they would claim they can't really detect what's a bot and what's a person and is there any reality to that claim? They seem like that's really hard to police. You know, it's like with junk mail 20 years ago, 15 years ago, there was a time in the early two thousands when email became almost useless. Yes, yes. Because it was overwhelmed by junk mail. And then there was a huge interest for the companies like Google. 'cause you didn't stop using it To develop tools to tell the difference between junk mail and legitimate mail. And they were so good at it that it's basically saved email. Yeah. And today, 99 point something percent of junk mail is being filtered out.


It's very rare when a junk mail actually gets into your inbox. And also they're very good in preventing false positives. It's also very rare. A genuine human that you want to be in touch with sends you an email and it gets filtered out to your right. I mean it sometimes happens. Yeah. But it's very Rare. It's so rare. People will say it might've gone to spam. But that's just a courtesy to say, we know you didn't read it. Please go back and look for it. Exactly. When they have a business interest, these guys are really good at telling the difference between the junk and the legitimate. And ultimately, at least with accounts that have don don't know thousands of followers, this is now in a public issue, not a private issue.


And you can just ask for certification. Like we doing so many other, we want to drive a car, we need to certify ourselves. Even traditionally, you went to the town square and stood on some box and made a speech to thousands of people. They could see who you are. There are both high tech and low tech solutions If you put enough pressure on the corporations to Do it. Yeah. You say these inorganic systems can go on forever, but the organic systems will collapse. And. I was just thinking the text message scams are so prevalent now. I get so many that say there's been activity on your credit cards sign in. You have a package being held by sign in.


And they're so regular that it is almost on the verge of collapsing the system in that I would never, now if my real bank calls me, they've backed us into this position where it's like, I really couldn't ever communicate with my bank. 'cause I would never, ever go log into anything. And so it's like, that's a weird area I see. It's like, well they are kind of collapsing the system. It's on the verge of like, we'll need another system for your bank to actually call you if there's a problem. The deep problem is that basically AI hacked language and language is the operating system of all human connections. All human organizations, everything runs on language.


Banks and churches, universities, governments, armies, they all ran on language previously. The only entity in the world that could produce meaningful text and could converse with you was another human being. Yeah. So we had lots of issues, of course with human fraudsters and human spies and human propagandists. But it was a human issue. What happens when you now have a non-human intelligence, which in many ways is superior to us, that has hacked the operating system of our civilization. Even if the bank calls you, it can imitate your voice. Oh, I know. It took me all the way back to Locke and Hobbes like the social contract and why we don't lie.


Because if you lie, then communication's pointless. It's that profound and deep and fundamental. Yeah. It's Everything. I mean, well like when she GPT came out, And I saw the level of its command of language. For me, I thought this is it. It'll take still many years and different developments. But this is the Rubicon because all civilization is ultimately based on language. The moment it AI hacked language, it hacked un civilization. Again, it can go now in different directions and we can try our best to make sure that it goes in a good direction. But one very long chapter in history is over and a completely new historical process is beginning because we have a new, again historical agent.


Yeah. That is out there. And I just met a couple of the people who kind of are leading this AI revolution. And one very disturbing thing that you hear is that they want to move as fast as possible because they don't trust the other humans. You have a huge problem of human trust. Everybody says, yeah, it would be a good idea to do it a little more slowly so that society can adapt. But if we slow down our competitors here and certainly our competitors across the ocean, they will not slow down. That's right. And because we cannot establish trust between humans, we have to develop AI as fast as possible. But then they tell you, and we think we can solve the problem of how to trust ai.


So the same people are telling us, we cannot trust humans, but we think we can trust the ai. And that's very disturbing because I would say, you know, if you have these two problems, human trust, AI trust first solve human trust. If you solve the problem of how to trust humans, then we could develop AI in a slow and safe manner. And if you think human trust cannot be solved, why are you certain that AI trust can be solved? That you know, it's a bit like a parent who has this issue in his life or her life that they can't solve. And they say, okay, my kid will do it. Like you passed the back to the kids. Yeah, yeah. So humans can't solve our problem with trust.


And we think that our creation AI will solve the trust problem. But this is such a dangerous gamble. Here's where we finally disagree and it'll be our last thing. So you said basically don't fall for technological determinism. That's what this is. That's what we're talking about. And. I am in that camp. don don't think we are gonna solve our trust issues with Russia, with North Korea, with China before they perfect this. So maybe we can develop the system that is trustworthy, that self-corrects, that has some system that we create. That to me sounds more promising than us walking hand in hand with Russia to a treaty table and actually signing a tree that I think they will implement.


I generally agree with you, again, being a historian, looking at the situation today in the world, I don't see It. I don't see it either again. But what really worries me is the kind of the second half for the same reason. I find it very hard to believe that we can solve the AI trust issue. People go there because this is an unknown. We know we can't probably solve the issue with the Russians, with the ai. We have no experience in history. So maybe it'll it, but this sounds like a very, very big maybe. Yeah. I'll Be the first to admit. It's crazy. And even with my point of view, I'm like, yeah, we're backed into a corner. I'm working backwards from the reality that the Russians are gonna create AI humans. They're not gonna adhere to this. Even if we passed it through Congress, they're gonna do it.


So the only fake AI humans I'll be receiving will be from the Russians. So then I go like, fuck it. We gotta floor it. And wow, what a moment in history. I don't know. Here we are. That's fascinating. There Are areas when this is absolutely correct, but there are areas where cooperation is still possible because there is common interest. For instance, the most obvious example is the problem of control. If you create a very powerful ai, how do you make sure that you stay in control and that it doesn't get out of your control and start to manipulate you or start to do things unexpectedly and accruing power to itself and so forth.


The good thing about it, this is a problem which frightens the Russians and the Chinese and the Iranians just as much as it frightens the Americans and the Europeans and the Israelis. Because even if you are a power hungry dictator, the last thing you want is a more powerful subordinate you don't know how to control. I would imagine it scares them even more than us. Yes. So this is something, for instance, that scientists and experts on both sides have an incentive to work together. And if one side has a breakthrough, like a theoretical breakthrough of how do we ensure control, there is actually an incentive to share this with the Chinese or the Russians.


And if a Chinese scientist has this eureka moment and she finds that theoretical model for control, they have an incentive to share it. That's true. But I think the perfect parallel to this is the nuclear arms race, which is like, sure. We ended up with some treaties once everyone had their nuclear arms. So it's like, yeah, I can imagine a world where there's a Russian ai one, they like And, then we have ours, and then finally we go, okay, no more development. But the only model we really have for it is the nuclear arms race. But it's A very problematic model. It's a very different situation for so many reasons. It's not just two sides. You have a third with nuclear, you had the Americans and you had the Soviets, but the bombs themselves were not in the race.


Yeah, right. They weren't told, execute. America's goals in AI potentially will be a player more consequential than either the the Chinese or the Americans or the Russians. We are creating an agent, not a tool. Yeah. If Ghana got the breakthrough best ai, it would all shift. Yeah. In some bizarre ways. There is a democratizing effect to it. But We also have a very recent example of the world coming together. We did it in the pandemic. Everyone decided to get on the same page with vaccines and also share those and be very open. That just happened. So I have optimism that we could globally.


You also had China not admitting they had a pandemic 'cause it looked bad for their geopolitical goals. All that stuff that I'm afraid of in this situation was also happening during Covid. It was, but there was still a level of cooperation that everyone got on board with. It's not even be perfect. Yeah. But like there might be some cooperation. It'll be very, very difficult. But I think that we should work on solving the human trust problem, at least alongside solving the AI trust problem. And if you have the smartest people in the world working on AI and neglecting the human trust problem, this is a recipe for disaster.


And again, humans have a long track of just working on the wrong problems, solving the problem, and then discovering, oops, we actually solved the wrong problem. Yes. Yeah. And the other thing I would say is that not to succumb to what we earlier discussed, this very cynical view of humanity, that all humans only care about power. If we succumb to that, that's the end of democracy, and that's the end of any serious chance of cooperation and basically anything. Yeah. Then this is a war game. Yeah. And, and we need to remember most importantly that this is simply not true. That yes, humans are interested in power, but they are also interested in other things.


Most importantly the truth. We do it on the individual level. If you look at yourself, you would say, yes, I want power, but I also want to know the truth about myself, about the world. Partly because without the truth, you can never be happy. If you don't know the truth about the deep sources of misery in your life, you can never solve them. So people who only pursue power and completely disregard the truth, they tend to be very miserable people. Because again, they don't even know what problems to work on because they don't know the true sources of the misery in their life. And no matter how much propaganda and fake news and conspiracy theories are thrown at us, ultimately deep down in human nature, there is a real yearning for the truth that we can work with.


And it's there in everybody. It's not the kind of monopoly of a single nation or a single political party as misguided as the other people may be. Deep down there is a real yearning for truth there. Yeah. Yeah. Yuval always a pleasure. We're so honored you come every time you're promoting something Nexus, a brief history of information networks from the Stone age to ai. I wish you a ton of luck. Another great book. You're so impressive. We're so grateful we have you. Yeah. Thank You. Thank You. Yes. It's been great. We Hope you enjoyed this episode. Unfortunately, they made some mistakes.


Are you excited? We're About to get on an arrow plane. Yeah, I'm excited. I looked it up. Did you already look it up? We can't check in where we want to check in. What do you Mean? You can't check in on Delta one? Unless you're flying across it Across. It's not Delta one. Yeah. I don't even really know what's going on, but I looked up today, do all first class Delta flights leave out of Delta? No. No. This I already know. So Delta one's its own category? It is. It's extra. And not most flights aren't available. Delta one, it's very rare. We have a fun light that's interactive and has a Poltergeist I know And I think. I think we should keep it in with In the edits.


No, because it makes me anxious. It does. Yeah. Like you're gonna have a seizure. A little stroby. Okay. It Makes me a little panicky. I have a lot of housekeeping to do today. Oh boy. Okay, go ahead. I screen grab comments all the time, and then they just get lost in my million photos. I think I am low indexing on photos taken yet when I go through my photos, there's way too many to find anything I'd ever want to look at. Sure. It's very overwhelming. It's like your emails all that to say we're doing prompts for the next round of Armchair Anonymous And I. Always screen grab. If someone's got a good idea, And I, add that to the list. So then in pursuit of that, I came across some that I've been meaning to bring up And.


then I have forgotten to see. I don't even know how to use my phone. I wanna go to Liked album. You know, you can do an album, you can make yourself your own album of comments. I need to do that. I only know how to do liked photos. Okay. Yeah. And there's a liked category. I think we already cleared this up. In fact, I think I know we did. There's no Lazy River at a SU on the campus. Oh Really? Arizona State does not have a lazy river In circling it, there is an apartment complex in Tempe that offers a lazy river though. What? Wait. No. There's a college that has a lazy river. We haven't corrected that. No, we haven't. Okay. Now this I already sent to you.


And I. Just when I read a great quote, I like to pass it on. Okay. This is by pedestrian verse, my favorite Warren Zevon quote. And Warren Zevon, if you don't remember sings, send Lawyers, guns and Money. Ding, ding Ding. The screenplay. Right. The shit has hit the fan. So very poetic singer songwriter. And this is really to you. Yeah. You sent me this. Yeah. We buy books because we like to think we're buying the time to read them. Yeah, I think that's accurate. It's very sweet and it's sad. Does it make you a little sad? Like we just want time and we think we can buy it?


Well, we're desperate for it. Yeah. But we just buy in your case, buy 'em, pop 'em on a shelf. Did I tell you what happened? The really, the red flag? No. Like when I knew, oh, I've really hit a new level of problem. Okay. I went to Barnes and Noble, And I bought some books as I do. Yeah. And. then I got home. And I realized I had already bought one of them. Sure. Yeah. I'm not That's that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. But it was, it was like, oh yeah. Kinda like that's not good. You have these little moments as an addict where it's like you realize something, you're like, Ooh. Yeah. It was one of those I, it wasn't my bottom because although have I bought, like If you went to hide drugs in a spot, and then when you lifted up the thing, they're already drugs in there and you're like, Jesus Christ, I've been hiding drugs forever.


Yeah. And I haven't read it. you know, I haven't read it. What is the book it's called? Never Let Me Go. I think it won like a big award, which is what I was drawn to. Okay. Now this is to your beautiful book. You were gifted f the comments book two of these right? Credit for the F. The comment, special tribute to Monica goes to all the fellow armchair over the Facebook fan group. A sweet gal posed the idea to gather interest, created a super organized proposal to conceptualize it for folks. Created a Google doc for all to contribute and gave a deadline for the submission. It was a plus work grassroots fandom at work. That's very sweet.


Another one on that topic. Here we go. Please tell Monica that the book came from Diana. She proposed the idea in our Facebook fan group, and we all submitted artwork or comments for the book. So they aren't Instagram comments, but fan submitted letters intended for Monica. That's sweet. Okay. This is good not to get ahead of things, but Cedar Point is the row of amusement parks, six Flags is perhaps a cool item you found at Target. This comparison might help Monica appreciate the difference. Mm. I don't think Target is gonna acquire the row anytime soon. No, no. Six Flags is the row.


Oh, I see what you're saying. I got you. No, Cedar Point is the row Has been acquired by Target. That's, Yeah. That's not gonna happen. So I I, I appreciate that person trying But. that is not a good analogy. Two things. Great. Point number one, solid point. But also that's actually not outside of the realm. I could see Target acquiring the Row at some point would for 1.5 Bill, They'd never allow it. They would never allow it. A hundred bill. $1 trillion. They don't need, they don't need the money like that. And they're, they're so dead set on it being what it is. Yeah. Although if they, at some point they could go, okay, great.


Well now we have a hundred trillion to start an even better brand. They're not gonna, I can't even imagine a better brand. Can you? No, there's no such thing. Speaking of, I'm going to, well, multiple parties, Halloween parties. Okay. So I'm gonna do a theme. Okay. All right. Your house party on actual Halloween. Yes. The Hayride. The Hayride. The theme is movies, Is that what it is? Yeah. It's just anyone be anything from a movie. Okay. It's very broad. Yeah. Very. Okay. So there's that. Yeah. Then I'm going to a party a couple days later. I think you might be going to that party too. If, and that's just dress up. Okay. There's no theme. Your party.


I think I'm gonna go as either Mary Kay or Ashley from one of their kitty movies. Like, you know, their direct to VHS movies. Yeah. So that's gonna be a denim overall. Well skirt. Right? I'm serious. No, I have an image of them in like matching denim overall skirts. Sure. They, I'm not being a perv right now. Okay. Well Don, don't act I know. It's hard to know when I'm And act. Yeah, exactly. Don't act like it's out of the realm. I know. No, they have all kinds, like they had one Adventures of Mary Kate and Ashley, the case of the mystery crews, and they're kind of in like mystery Sherlock Holmesy outfits. Oh, okay. So I could be that there are options and I'm gonna probably try to get a Michelle Doll to be my other Michelle from Full House.


That was the child's name. Yeah. And in order for people to understand, I have a twin. I'll need her, the doll. Yeah. Because I'm not going as a pair for the party. Have you though pitched that to anyone? Everyone has, everyone's coupled up. Okay. So that's fine. I can wear it all. Okay. Now for the next party, I do have a friend coming and we're gonna go together. Okay. Who's coming? Anna. Anna's gonna come. Okay, great. And we are gonna go as Mary Kay and Ashley, the Row era. Oh wow. So I'm gonna be different versions of Mary Kay and Ashley throughout Halloween. Oh, That's fun. I'm nervous. How expensive.


You're gonna make it obvious that you're them. Mary Kay and Ashley do wear big sunglasses. Yeah. And then they wear like big clothes layered, like lots of layers. Okay. We looked at a bunch of pitchers. Sometimes they're, they have two bags. Oh, that's cool. And they're always smoking. Yes. So we're gonna have cigarettes. Oh, great. And often they have coffee cups. So we're gonna have a coffee cup. And we're also gonna do like a really deep contour of the face 'cause they're kind of known for that. Okay. And. then we're gonna style our hair. Like they style their hair. I'm not wearing a wig for people who are wondering, I'm not wearing a wig and I'm not wearing white face. And. I don't think I should have to do that.


So I'm not. Okay. And I am using it as an excuse to buy some, Some row stuff that, there we go. I see what's happening. If you can use, if you can use holidays as excuses to buy yourself stuff, you should. Well, shit, I should go as Burt Reynolds in smoking the Bannon so that I can buy a 77 Trans Am. Yeah. Fuck. That's sad. Maybe the next year. 'cause next year we might have to end Halloween party after next year. Why? I'm gonna explain this to you. I have been trying to get an In-N-Out truck to the house for three years. It's so booked, but it's, I have it booked for Halloween 2025.


My God, That's so exciting. A fucking, can you God, I want it so bad. Can you believe this? I'm gonna be able to get away with murder in my neighborhood. Yeah. Right. Yeah. If you're the guy who does a hayride and has an In-N-Out truck, I feel like I can ride nude around the neighborhood on a mo on a dirt bike with no, yeah. No muffler probably. But I don't think there's anywhere to go from there. No, that's no. Don't end it just because, because of that. Well, if one can't top oneself, then isn't it beholden on one to move on to another holiday? No. Why do you have to top, you can just keep, because It's the law of comedy. You, your second joke has to be better than your first.


Your third has to be better than your second. You, you know the rules. I do. I don't, You're acting so naive, like ignorance of the law as a defense. And it's not, I just don't find your heide to be much, to be very comedic. Your Halloween party. Well, I don't wanna say it was comedic. It wasn't, it was more, I'm not even gonna say it, but last year someone fell off. And if you didn't see that there was an injury, you might think that part was funny. But I was more concerned. And I was assisting helping the person up. I missed that. Oh, I'm so glad you did. It was not In the middle of the drive Upon embarking. Okay. And my mother showed such little, she just was like, fucking get it together.


It was kind of, Oh wow. I like my childhood is what it boils down to. But you know, I am like, it, it just happened last night. So we're watching, we watched Happy Gilmore, which was really fun. Okay. They haven't seen Happy Gilmore. That's fun. Kids loved it. I'm not even, that's not the point. The point is, is my children are just barking orders at Kristen. Well, can I get a Perrier? you know, like, they're not even, I'm probably, it's like your milkshake thing, right? And I think this is, this is how it should be. Like, no, no, no. Go on And then I want a rebuttal. Okay, great. Well, do you want a rebuttal now? Yeah. Because I don't want you to be distracted while I'm making my broader point. Okay. Yes.


Because I actually thought about this the other day because you, you brought up me being spoiled again. And I had sort of this re visceral reaction. And I had to sit and think about what was happening, What was really triggered. I think my parents really, really spoil me now. Okay. And Because they were working so much when you were Laid off. They did. I was not a spoiled kid at All. Gotcha. And so I think, I really don't like being called that because it really doesn't feel accurate. They worked a ton. Yes, you were allowed to and didn't have time to make me sandwiches all day. Yeah. And, and But in high school, were you screaming for, I feel like in high school you were screaming for milkshakes.


Oh One. It was one kind. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. I didn't. Was It sleepovers? You'd be like, mom, No. That you want milkshakes. You are getting confused. Okay. Okay. What happened is Callie was over, it was like, it was like midnight And I, And I was like, oh, we should make milkshakes. And so I went downstairs. And I was making a milkshake and it was waking everybody up. Okay. Because I was blending Sure. In the middle of the night. Yeah. And then she, she, my mom like, yelled at me or something. Or was like, what are you doing? And? I was like, I'm making A milkshake. Okay. So I wasn't telling her to make a milkshake, but I was not caring about her needs.


And you've never screamed for your mother to make you a milkshake, I think. Or a sandwich in Your high school years. You've made it, you've made it into me screaming for food. Listen, I know you're offended by it, but I think it's very cute. It goes along with, it's not true. The boss in a town car I know you love that image. Yes. But the problem is it's not correct. And then some people who don't think it's cute. Yeah. Will mistake me as someone like that. And. I'm not. Okay. I'm gonna leave you out of it. Okay. Thank, You. So my kids are barking orders. Delta wants a fruit bowl. An actual fruit bowl. Not like, can you grab like fun Of fruit? Yes. Can you grab me an apple? It's, I would like a, a fruit medley.


Wow. And by God, she complies Kristen's right up and she's making a, a very nice fruit bowl, delivers it and Delta pounds it. And she's like, you gotta understand the delivery of all these things. 'cause she's just like sucked into happy Gilmar. And then she's like, ma, and she just holds the empty bowl out. And that means I want another fruit salad. What? Kristen just jumps up and grabs the bowl. And She does. Yeah. Yes. Oh my God. Okay. And. then I started getting very scared. My kids are gonna be entitled assholes. Right. But then it just, I thought to ask, and by the way, the reason I thought that is I never, ever, my mother never got me anything.


Yeah. Outta the kitchen. Yeah. I never called for anything. I never said, I'm hungry. And, I like that childhood for whatever reason. Yeah. But then it crossed my mind. I'm like, you know, maybe Kristen's mother did this to her and now she's passing it on. And maybe it's great that you have a period of your life where you're just like yelling. You're a little kid and you just yell what you need and then your mom hustles around and gets it and then you'll grow up and you'll pass that on and everything's even, so I said, hun, did your mom while she's making this fourth fruit salad? I said, did your mom like just wait on you like this when you're a kid? And she said, yeah, for sure. Oh Wow.


And I was like, okay, cool. So she like received and now she's paying it back. Interesting. I didn't receive And. I'm not paying it. I mean, I make them dinner and shit. Right. But I'm not jumping off the couch and get anybody anything. If we're all on the couch, my rule is like, yeah, I'm thirsty too. Yeah. Not like, Hey, go get me a Perrier. Right. If I'm in there, I'll yell, Hey, does anyone want a Perrier? But I'm not getting up to get you something. We're both seated. Well, yeah. This is part of, this is a story you guys used to tell all the time. Yes. When we first started dating. Yeah. Yeah. It was your main story. It was. And it made sense. It was like she asked you to get, you guys were both watching tv.


She asked you to get her a glass of water. Yeah. Yeah. And you were really shaken by this. Yeah. And it's the same thing, But, you know. Yeah. That was a main story. But I wonder how you interpret the story. 'cause for me, that's a story about my own personal growth. It was a shift from thinking everyone's trying to take advantage of you to going, no, not everyone's trying to take advantage of you. And you can just do nice things for people. And it's not setting you up. It's not setting you up for a pattern. Yeah. Being abused. I, I think that is what it's, And for me it was like a breakthrough moment of maybe trusting people. That is what I thought. Has that always been the message of that story to you? Yeah. But it's similar in this way where you just said like, I'm not getting up.


Yes. But don don't have the baggage of before where I'm like, oh, my kids think like, so 17 years ago, this situation, I would've had all this other stuff attached to them thinking I should get up and grab them stuff. Like, oh, they just think I'm here to serve them. And they think and they just want me to, but I don't. Right. don don't think any of those thoughts. I, I think they're benevolent and nice and generous and they want something. They're gonna give it a shot and scream if they can get it. And if they can't, then they'll get up and get it. It's not layered in all this mistrust of everyone's motives. Well, yeah. I mean I think the parental relationship, like that's much different with a kid and a parent.


It is your job to provide for them. So they can't, they like taking advantage isn't really at play. I mean, it can be to an extent. Yeah. But I do think, I do think parents have chips on their shoulders about being disrespected. Like we can call it all these different words, but I think in some way they all mean the same thing emotionally. So it's like taken for granted disrespected. Yeah. And I'm not currently dealing with any of those feelings. Yeah. But I could imagine 17 years ago, again, I always say how grateful I am that I waited so long, but like, don don't know. Maybe those, I would've had those feelings. Yeah. Maybe 17 years ago. Okay. What are you most excited about for Austin?


Well, I'm really excited to go to my vintage store. You love to shop in Austin? I do. Yeah. There's a store I really like there and I'm really excited to go. That's the main one. Oh yeah. And foodies Food, yummy Foods. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What about you? Sprint Race? We're gonna see the sprint race. Yeah. That's fun at Coda. That'll be really fun. Yeah. And then Adam Grant's gonna interview us on stage. I'm really excited for that. We're gonna have dinner with Adam Grant on Wednesday at one of my favorite steakhouse. Yeah. I'm Really excited Where I had my infamous date with Matthew McConaughey. Yeah. Yeah. Just fun, fun, fun. I'll probably swim a few times in Be Springs While I'm at the vintage store.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. We'll plan that accordingly. Now. I forgot what I was gonna say. It was about Mary Kate Ashley. Wow. You think it's about Mary Kate Ashley? I do. You do. I think most things circle back to them. Oh. One thing that we are gonna do to designate, we're gonna wear necklaces with the initials. Smart. I think that'll help get it over the edge. Which One are you gonna be? So I'm debating Do you have a favorite? You don't have to say it out loud, but do you have a favorite? I, I Actually don't. You don't? Yeah. I mean, I think I should because you dated one so I should pick her. Yeah. I've really vouched for one. Yes. Exactly. Yeah. So I, I guess I'll pick her.


Yeah. But I, I don't wanna do that. Like, I like them both. And, I think It's like me asking you to pick between Ben and Matt. You don't like that either. Yeah. Even though I know who you picked. No, I don't. No you don't. And I know who you pick from America. No you don't. No. None of that's True. You And I are gonna do a commercial unrelated to this podcast. Yeah, We are. I'm excited for that too. Does Any of your current shopping thing like, Ooh, I just got some extra cashish I wasn't expecting. Like do you feel like you have a little money to No. I kind of forgot about that. That you are so funny about money. You're very, you know your value. Yes. And you're a hard bargainer. Yeah. Yeah. But then also you don't give a flying fuck. It's really funny.


Yes. That is right. You never look again. You're not sure if you ever got any of it but you Yeah. Yeah. When I am like negotiating it is not, it's not about the money. Really. I know. I know. I know. Ever I know. Which I think probably makes it very difficult for the person I'm negotiating with. Right. Because it's really, really not about that. It is. It's about my value. Yeah. And my place. And that's it. And for me it's just about the money. Right. I know we're very different in that way. We are. Yeah. Yeah. It's one of our many differences. But I'm like, everything is okay. I get this, that amount that amount's for safety. Yeah. And. then I gotta make X amount so I can do something fun. I mean it's, and buy something I want.


And it's not really fair for me to act like I don't have any of that. 'cause I do. Okay. Like I definitely do. Now that I have this like big expense, the house, yes. That's changed. I mean, not changed, but I, You have to consider that. I have to think about money a lot and like where things are going and is there enough for this and this and this and you know. And the necklaces. Yeah. I think there is, but Oh. But I'll just say I do stress out about it. You do? I do. And. I. I can't say I don't want it like I do. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That would be lying. Yeah. But anyway, because of all these necklaces, I think I'm gonna be Mary Kate.


'cause Anna should probably be Ashley 'cause of the a. Sure. Although it's not gonna help people understand your costume. Why? Because they're gonna see a and they're gonna go, oh, Anna's wearing an they an A for Anna. We'll be And you're wearing an M for Monica. And I. Guess her middle name is Kristen. And we never realized that. Or Kelly. No, No. Monica Kelly Padman. Anna And I are gonna be standing next to each other the whole night. We're not allowed to leave. Wow. Yeah. There's a commitment. What do you think? Since you know one of them. Well yeah. What do you think I could do in order to really make it clear? Is there anything Don don't know?


Like Do you think, do you know about like a secret freckle or something? Also it'd be no use if I know about a secret freckle and then you put a secret freckle on your arm. No one will put two and two together. 'cause they don't know about the secret Freckle. But I'll know and it'll be like working from the outside in. Right. Like great acting. Oh, I can't wait. How would you feel? Here's a question. 'cause I think I already know because you've kind of alluded to it. In, in, in, when talking about whether you date an arm armchair or not. If you knew of a popular podcaster who was completely obsessed with you, would you be open to having a friendship with them?


Do I like their podcast? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a good podcast Then. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I would too. I don. I don't mind that. I mean, I would be happy to have a friendship with someone who liked the show. I guess that's what You sort of No. Obsessed with you. The way you're obsessed with Mary Kate and Ashley. That would be harder for me. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think so. Yeah. But I, I think if it's also a bit Yes. Like it is also a bit. That's true. I think if in real life I met them, And I liked them, like they were cool. And I enjoyed them, then that goes away. Like it's just part of this like fun thing to be excited about.


Yeah. Yeah. I was just curious. I Think I don't do that in real life. Like I No I know, Maybe to a detriment. Like I, there isn't anyone really, really that like Brings out your, That I think is extra special on this earth. Yeah. Polar. I love her so much. And. I want her to call me don don't wanna be friends. But I think if we hung out like a few times, I wouldn't feel like she was better than me. I don't, I don't normally feel like that. If I really know someone. True, of course. you know, I'm with you. I, as we know, I have an obsession with Robert Downey Jr. Yeah. That I've had since I was 12 or maybe 10.


And. then I have a friendship with him that has nothing to do with that obsession. Right. But it's funny 'cause I think you can still, which is I think a good thing you can still kind of click into that. Yeah. Well, especially when I see him do the thing that enamored me with him. Right. When I watch him act in certain things, I go, oh, he is so special. He's just a little shooting comment. you know? Well That I'm not saying no, I'm not saying that you can click into the fact that he's like such a cool person. But I think you can, you can get excited that he likes you. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because Like, I had this with Kristen. Right. I was so obsessed with her.


Yeah. Yeah. And then now that I know her and we're, I think equals I love her and I'm, I'm so happy to have her in my life. And I can see, like, I, I'm proud of her when she does good, when she does stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But I never, I am, I don't think like, I'm so happy she likes me or I'm so happy she's my friend. I mean, I'm, I'm so happy. She's my friend For legitimate, substantive Reasons. I'm so happy we are friends. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. But not, I'm so happy. She's my friend. Yeah. I wouldn't frame it exactly like that. Yours, yours. My, it's like I'm friends with Downey.


We get along how we get along. And. I can go, oh my God, I can't believe this boy. I love my whole life likes me. I also have room for that. Feeling good. Yeah. I, that still feels good. I think it's kind of like when you fall in love with somebody and then it flattens out and the good chemicals are gone. And now you're just a partnership. You can remember meeting them and falling in love with them. And you can still remember all those feelings and get those butterfly giddy feelings when you reflect back on it. Yeah. This has been a long walk and I'm not sure where it landed, but yeah, Me either. Okay. So this is for you Vault. He would Be a good example of this.


He's both things like now he's been here three times now. I'm used to him being here. I'm way less intimidated. I feel like I can just chat with him. Yeah. And. I. Remember how special it is that you've all trust us to come talk. Yeah. I can like feel both of those things simultaneously. Yeah. I mean, don don't, he's not our friend though. I mean, he is like for, it's friendly. But like, if I hung out with him every day or if I hung out with him once a week, if he was like in my social circle, yeah. I would be impressed by him as a person. Always. Right. But I don't think I would feel like, oh my God, I'm just so grateful that this, this person on earth is spending time with me.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I would just be like, God, what a amazing person. Yes. Amazing friend. I have, let's see, let's see. A few facts. Five 10 of you started listening dimensions. Okay. Lorena Bobbit. Oh Sure. That was in Virginia. Did You know all about that? Or is that before your Time? Yeah. No, I knew. Okay. I mean I didn't, it was sort of before my time, but, but it Transcended Exactly. Yeah. It was in 93. Oh, the year of my graduation. Oh. She severed her husband John's penis boy. What a tabloid sensation that was. 'cause then he went on to do a porno. Lorena stated in a court hearing after coming home that evening, her husband had raped her.


Oh. And then he went to sleep. She got outta bed and went to the kitchen for a drink of water. She then grabbed an eight inch carving knife on the kitchen counter, returned to their bedroom, pulled back the bedsheets and cut off his penis. After this, Lorena left the apartment with the severed appendage and drove away in the car after a length of time driving and struggling to steer with one hand due to holding the penis. Oh my goodness. Wikipedia, she threw the penis out a window into a roadside field on Maplewood Drive. Oh Wow. Imagine She eventually stopped. And Can you imagine if you were walking down the road and you saw some Mormon roll the window down and you saw a thing fly out and you're like, that looked like a body part That looked like a penis. But get real. There's no way that was a penis. And do you know it was reattached?


Yeah. And he started in a pornographic film. Oh, with his reattachment. Yeah. And it, there was some play on words in the title of it. Oh my God. As often was the case. There was a whole era where they paid fa, they like paid top dollar for po famous people to be in Pornos back when Pornos sold VHSs. And it was like an industry. Yeah, yeah. And rentals. Yeah. Like with the rental scene Blockbuster. Yeah. It's kinda sad that that went away. 'cause you'd get these fun. you know, there was Screech was in a pornographic film. Yeah. It says he went on to SAR two Two. Oh my gosh. Wow. I didn't remember it was a rape. That's horrific. It is. And I'm glad she cut his penis off.


Yeah. I know. But that's not a good course of action. I'm not recommending anyone else does that. But in this one case, I like it. Oh, I looked up the percentage of male pedophilia versus female. Oh yeah. What was it? It says male perpetrators account for the vast majority of sexual crimes committed against children among convicted offenders. Point four to 4% are female. 10 x window. That's interesting. And one literature review estimates that the ratio of male to female child molesters is 10 to One. That sounds right. now lemme ask you this. I don't know why this would be the case, but I'm just floating it. You think female perpetrators are under reported? Like, I wonder if you're less likely to chalk up what happened to that? Maybe, But I definitely accept it's 10 to one man.


I've heard, I don't wanna say a lot. I think I know about four dudes who have babysitter stories, older babysitter stories that were female. But again, they're not reporting that. They're like, they like, that's a fun memory of theirs. The babysitter, the older afraid of con the older Female babysitter boy fooled around with the younger boy. Yeah. Interesting. How much older? Because sometimes young girls were babysitters. Right? To like kids a year younger than them. Boy, I, I would, I would be guessing at the detail. I don't wanna guess. Huh? Should we call him? Get everyone on the line. Okay. He used the word lacuna a few times that I had never heard. And. I liked it. Yeah. Yeah.


Lacuna. And it's an unfilled space or interval, a gap. The journal has filled a lacuna in Middle Eastern studies, meaning There was no Middle Eastern studies and then they filled it in. It's not like it's understudied. It's like within female studies there's a, there's an area that is not explored. Okay. There's a lacuna within it. Yeah. And. I. Like that. And I thought maybe I'll use that word sometime. I've Thought of that in terms of physicists. It's just like don don't know who even tackles physics. Because to advance it at this point is so daunting. Yeah, I agree. I mean, the place we're already at, no one understands, Hold on. I'm still like reeling over this lazy river situation.


I'm shocked. Why did we, that was a thing. I feel like I watched the 60 minutes on how it, it was like a whole segment. Colleges competing now for students and the amenities they're putting in there. Yeah. Maybe type in, is there any college with a Lacy River? I know. That's why They always have the wrong college. College Lazy river. Well, we're not gonna be invited to a SU to do any lectures or anything between your bashing of their academic prowess. And then now this misinformation about the lazy river. Well, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. To Arizona State, if you don't have a lazy river, I'm sorry you don't have one. Sure. Well it's hot there. I know. But are they trying to be like, is the residence like right next door? And it kind of goes through campus A little bit.


And it is an official dorm. University of North Florida students can drift down a lazy river at the new Osprey fountains residence house. Okay. So they have one. Yeah. I'm happy to take down a University of North Florida. Okay. I'm happy to move on to that. I mean, this is all college students. Do you think they're hooking up on these inner tubes? Like people are I know In business and stuff? I know. That's exactly. Yeah. Yeah. How could they resist? College kids are disgusting. Nighttime, lazy river floats full. Exactly. Yeah. Full of activity. Full of Spray. Send me back Osprey. Yeah. I want a time machine. But it wouldn't work 'cause it didn't exist when I was younger. True. You. Yeah. There's really no hack for this.


I just don't ever get to be young on a lazy river. No. At A college campus. You need to take a time machine to go back and then get in the time machine. My young self Machine. Yeah. Send me to here. Exactly. And send him to a SU And, then I stay back there or something. And then I. Tell him, you gotta come back and get me. But he never will. 'cause I'll be having so much fun on the Lazy River because You can't be in the same place twice. don. Don't Know. I'm not sure how time travel works. What's A thought you have? That is a recurring thought. That's absolutely absurd. But like you do think, like mine is, I think about the, the reality of teleportation, like way too much. I have obsessed on teleport. I thought, I think I told you I had a whole, I was gonna write a whole script about it.


Okay. I know if you remember this. But if you really play out teleportation, that single invention would destroy like six of our biggest 10 industries globally. Mm. It would destroy transportation. Well, sure it would destroy big oil. That'd be great. It would destroy the housing market. Why? Because if you can live in Wyoming on 19 acres and work in Manhattan and eat dinner in San Francisco, you're not gonna, you don't need to live in the highly densely populated area where the prices are so high. Well, it would just, everyone could live on three acres and be in a city whenever they wanted to and join the amenities of the city.


And just, when they go home, they go home to peace and solitude. There's a finite amount of space. So then it would just be that those places with a lot of space would be then the most coveted place. But the USA is is extremely sparsely populated. It's not densely populated at all. 99% of the land in the US is completely empty. It's all in the middle of the coast. If you go to Wyoming, it's just wide fucking open. Montana's wide open, Idaho's wide open. All these places are wide open. So everyone would live on the farm in the pretty part of Tennessee. I mean, I wouldn't, but Okay. But you, you, you get my point.


I do. But I, I just, The housing market is driven by access to these opportunities. And those areas get densely populated and then it's supply and demand. It drives the price up. But when no one needs to live by where they work, that will collapse entirely. Because you walk out your door and you could be on the street in Manhattan, like anything you'd want from living in Manhattan. Right. You could have, but then at night you could be sleeping in a very quiet farm. I see what you mean. But then I just think it would, I think it would just change where the, where the country was densely populated. It would just be the cities now would be more open as in those places. Yeah. And that's where, by the way, the vast majority of equity in real estate is only in 1% of the country.


It's like in all these cities. Yeah. So once that collapses, 90% of the value of real estate has collapsed. 'cause the, that the cities were holding all that value. But why wouldn't it just move to the, to the rural areas? Because it's, there's no competition for space. Like Manhattan is a tiny island. San Francisco's a tiny area. So no one's gonna spend 5 million to live in an apartment in Manhattan when for 600,000 they can have a mansion in Kansas on a, you know, again, you're only sleeping there. I guess that's true. And Having Christmas or whatever you're doing, I Guess that's true. So anyways, my whole movie idea was if, if someone invented teleportation, you'd have trillions of dollars at risk.


Mm. You'd have a lot of incentivized titans of industry to go kill that person and get rid of that technology. And so mine was kind of like a crime. Capy Mm. Trying to stay alive to deploy this technology when you have all this funding to get rid of it. Right. Airplanes, they're gone. The entire air Industry. Oh yeah. I just wanna go. I just wanna, and I'm there. It's great. It just, it would collapse. The the entire world economy would collapse. I Wonder what, what happened to restaurants, because it might change, it might make restaurants more because you could then go out to eat every Night. Everyone could eat at Emily Burger. The line would be, I impo. Yeah, exactly. That's what would be really fucked up. Well, no, because then you'd be like, well, I'll come back tomorrow.


Like, you wouldn't, you wouldn't have to. You'd stop so scarce. You'd think you'd have to schedule your eating for years in advance. Because now you have 330 million people that could eat at Emily Burger in Clinton Hill. Yeah, that's true. So they're all gonna make reservations. So you really, you're gonna have to just have so many reservations all around the country. But think About it, like, remember when I was in New York, And, I couldn't find a place to eat. 'cause it was fashion week and it was a mess. And I was just bopping around from place to place and everything was full. I guess it would be like that. But then I could be like, I guess I'll go to Paris. Yeah. right now. Right. And and see what's in Paris.


I think what would happen is, I think these popular cities would be way too packed during the day. Because who on a weekend would not go to Paris and have a cup of coffee for breakfast? I know everyone would go. So these like world cities would just be completely clogged. Think about like immigration will have a new element to it. Oh, how? Yeah. Yeah. How on earth. And then also I'm gonna take a swim at, in St. Bart's in the afternoon. Like, oh, I'll have breakfast in Paris. You mean Bart Springs? No. Well, I'd probably go there too. But St. Bart's I guess has pretty water and stuff. Oh, I see. So I would have breakfast in Paris, And. then I would go to Bar St. Barts and take a swim. Oh, And. then I. you know, your day would just be And.


then I, before my exercise, I would do six miles on the wall of China. Great wall of China. No, you could fall. Remember that girl? I would go in the daytime. She was there at nighttime. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Anyways, it's a fun thought. Yeah. I do think about it a lot. Like in a re in a real way. But It Yeah. But we talk about like how disruptive AI is gonna be as a technology. Yeah. But, that teleporting thing, if you really think it through for hours and hours, it would be chaos. Yeah. I mean really. Because Every what it would be, which is just like every other technology and every other thing is like the el, it's like space. Like the elites would have access. It'd be expensive. Exactly. So Emily Burger, which already has a very expensive hamburger, the hamburger would be like $200.


'cause it could be, 'cause they have the entire world's billionaires that now could eat there for lunch. All the, all the billionaires wanna go. Yeah. It would be like a billionaire's game. It would And that's would cause even more unrest and more disparity. Yeah. Oh, but I wanna go to Paris right now. So bad. Okay. All right. All right. That's It. Love you.


Follow armchair expert on the Wondery app, Amazon music, or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to every episode of Armchair Expert early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery app or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by completing a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey. Hey, arm Cherry's, quick question for you. Have you ever stopped to wonder who came up with that bottle of sriracha sitting in your fridge? Or why almost every house in America has a game of Monopoly stashed away somewhere? Well, this is Nick and this is Jack. And we just launched a brand new podcast called The Best Idea Yet. It's all about the surprising origin stories of the products you're obsessed with, and the people who brought them to life. Like Super Mario, the bestselling video game character ever. He's only a thing because Nintendo couldn't get the rights to Popeye or Jack. How about McDonald's Happy Meal? Believe it or not, not the Happy Meal was dreamed up by a mom in Guatemala. Every week on The, Best, Idea Yet, you'll discover the surprising stories behind the most viral products of all time while picking up real business insights along the way. We guarantee you'll be that person at your next dinner party. Drop a knowledge bombs at the table. Follow The Best Idea Yet on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to The Best Idea Yet early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.