
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Well, this very official sounding music means Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me. Is at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago, Illinois. For some reason, they gave us press credentials. I'm Ian Chila, I'm a producer on the show. Hi, I am Emma Cho. I am also a producer on the show. And I am Peter Segel, who is usually not trusted to produce anything True. Emma and I are from out of town. We all arrived here barely in time for the day. One gavel drop. There were a number of travel snafus. I'm gonna bring up some tape here. This is Emma talking to the person next to her on her flight from Boston. What's going on?


Well, we're on the plane and we've already had a few delays when we were leaving Boston, but now we were just told that we cannot land because there are politicians coming into the city for the DNC. So we're just circling around like Michigan, it looks like. But yeah, he said basically that we can't do anything about it and we're stuck up here. Yeah. Emma, I, can you tell us what, how did you on the plane become aware of the situation that that's why you were, we're circling? Because The pilot came onto the intercom thing and I was expecting him to be like, we're landing now in Chicago. But he said, so the DNC is this week folks, and just wanna let you know that we're holding because there's some politicians planes in the area who are corrupting the airspace.


So we'll be holding for about 20, 30 minutes and the whole plane went, oh boy. Is that the technical term for it? Corrupting the airspace, Or, I will never forget that phrase. That's what he said. And I'm, I've never heard that phrase before. It I, you know, I'm going to look up here Corrupting the airspace. I want the next time we go through turbulence, I want the pilot to say, sorry we had some corrupt airspace. I, so I'm Googling if this is an air traffic control term. It's not. Okay. Okay. Dammit. You, I just got jiggy with it. It just went crazy. That's so funny. So we, we finally, we've made it here. We are so excited. We go over to the United Center and we get to the line. That Was amazing. It was the longest line I've, I think I've ever been in.


Took my timer. It's a really long line. It's a very long line. And it's one of those long lines where we can 13 minutes, 55 seconds so far, put in 13 minutes and 55 seconds. Wow. This longer. But it's important to note that as long as the line is, people behind us have been, we'll be waiting even longer. We're not even, we haven't made a lot of progress. How long have we been in this line? 26 minutes. 26. 26 minutes, 10 seconds. We have moved. Yes. And we can see up ahead where the line, what if the line, what if we get to the end of the line and it's just the back of the line walking a circle. Oh, look at that one short story. That can't be it. 32 minutes. Okay. 32. 32 minutes.


So the first straightaway took us 32 minutes. Oh, it's a paper time. Oh, It's become a thing. By the way, many, many reporters from the convention started by talking about the line, the daily, it was a crazy line. 'cause we could, we didn't know where it ended. I mean, so we heard some, some people were saying that it, the line was long because there was a protest blocking one of the other entrances. So everybody was sent to one place and that was the problem. It just seemed kind of disorganized. Yes. They, they were kind of rushed for this DNC, you know, they changed, they changed out the candidate a month ago. But I read that the platform, the Democratic Party platform, which they released on Sunday night, it mentioned a second term for President Biden 19 times.


Oh, they Finding replace is not that hard. I mean, So easy. That's proofreading, ladies and gentlemen. Damn is so important. Especially in contemporary American Politics. It also predicted Australia would dominate the women's break dancing competition at three. And that's true. These Are, these are easy mistakes To fish. I understand. It's just, it's just looking at the odds going in. You know, I mean, she was a professor of break dancing. It turns out this is that the other story coming outta the big night, the first night is how long it went. Yeah. It went so long. Is it turns out I had this strangely relevant conversation earlier in the day. There's a guy named Jeff Nusbaum.


Jeff is a long-term political speech writer who had worked for democratic politicians for every convention from 2000 through the last one, which of course was a virtual convention. I, I asked him about preparing the speakers. And I found out, and this isn't a surprise when you think about it, the VIPs, the big names like Hillary Clinton or President Biden on the first night, they get to do whatever they want. It's the, it's the mid-level politicians. And, and the biggest problem with them is keeping them to time. And he, and he told me about like, how much of a struggle that is.


That's where you run into folks who will say, this isn't me, or I'm not doing this, or I can't do this. And then you find yourself in a position where you beg, right? And then you plead, and then you escalate, and then you bribe, and then you threaten. And the bribe is, you can have one more minute and the threat is, okay, do what you want. You're gonna do it at 5:00 PM instead of 10:00 PM Oh. So I, no, I I would never have imagined that there was like negotiation down to the last minute like that. Yeah. And Apparently some people resist. He told me this story about how, I think it was in 2006 when he was working that convention.


Al Sharpton went through the whole process. And then he get up, he gets up on live TV at the convention, and he pulls out a completely different speech. Yeah, that sounds about right. From his pocket. Just like, totally cool. Like, now I'm here. You can't stop me. And I noticed last night Sean Fe was reading from a piece of paper I did too. Did he do The Cards? Yeah. I I thought he was, I I read that as just like, man of the people. I'm not using a teleprompter. I'm using my note cards. Yeah. But we could see the teleprompter too. And I, he was following, I mean, he said everything on the teleprompter. I was really, and Emma, you were probably annoyed by me because when we were watching Hillary Clinton's speech, where we were sitting, like you said, we could see the teleprompter and you could see the little edits.


Hillary Clinton was making her adlib in the Speech. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And they were, they were tiny things. Like, so there had been this thing a few minutes before where we heard about Kamala Harris's mother. And, and someone had said, you know, I wish she was here to see, to see what's happening. And in Hillary Clinton's speech, which was, you know, we could see on the teleprompter, there was a line that she had written earlier, or her speech writer had written earlier about wishing her mother could see her. Now you could see that line. And she changed it to, I wish my mother could see me now. And I wish Kamala Harris's mother could see me. Now I'm paraphrasing, but like, she just, she sort of like, okay, I have a little callback that just happened five minutes ago.


And me as somebody who writes things that you Peter Reed sometimes Yes. That's not most of time of the things. It was really, I really loved seeing those little edits. And I was elbowing Emma every time. Did you see? She said they instead of them. And I was like so excited about It. But that's like, that's the thing I learned the most last evening too, is the difference between a politician and a really great speaker. 'cause there's some people like a OC Hillary, like electrified the cloud. And like, I was like, it was like how many people were in that room? Like tens of thousands of people. Yeah. It was incredible. And then my favorite woman of the night was a book report lady with the huge, first of all, to bind a copy of anything is to glorify it a little bit.


She didn't have to bind it that night. This was A giant bi bound copy of Project 2025. It's A sign of, it's the kind of book that Gandalf would open dust Absolutely. To find the lore of the ring. My other favorite part of the night was, I think, more fun than the candidates and the people on stage were the people at the convention that were so freaking weird and awesome and specific. Like, we met so many cool people, Super fans, Ian. I mean, for example, we were just walking through the hallway, finding our way in. And Ian, you, you, you found this guy who was, who was quite dressed up. Hey, what's your name? Hey, my name's Angelo. And where are you from? Angelo? I'm one of the delegates from Northern Maria Islands. Okay. And can you tell me about this outfit?


I'm dressed like, where's Waldo? Because why sh Every conference should have a Waldo in the audience. Am I right? Basically we're at Dem Con. Right? Okay. Yeah. I mean, it's like, I, I go to conference. I, I like, I'm sitting in big conference rooms. It's like celebrities are walking around. I'm, you know, taking selfies with people. It's like a comic book con conference. But for politics. He was from the northern Mariana Islands. Yes. And The newest, the newest US territory. But like, he flew such a long time to be here. That's crazy. And he had more costumes planned for the rest of the week. Yeah. Yeah. He said this was like the least, least exciting of his outfit. We should try to find him every night.


And where are the northern Mariana Islands on the floor? We have some, He said he had a coconut tree costume for tonight. Yeah. Really? Yeah. That's what He said. Oh, I missed that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The, the, I was so ex I was, this is such a good idea. 'cause you're, you, you know, if you're there and you're a delegate, your friends are at home watching on CSPAN or whatever to try and see you and you're like, you know what, I'm gonna address this Waldo. Yeah. I I was on a group chat with my family. Yeah. And I was like, I just talked to this guy who's dressed as Waldo and my wife Emily, five minutes later screams to the group texts. I saw You answered the question of where he was. I think that's so exciting.


People's fashion choices. It's so interesting when there's different people, people chose business. Like people weren't wearing suits. People chose comfort. Like we were wearing sneakers and then there are people there to be looked at. Yeah. Wearing like heels wearing like tight, tight, tight stuff. How Was that per, that was an amazing person we saw just when we were walking in Who had that perfect Kelly Ann Conway costume? Yeah, we, We did see our first celebrity sighting was Kelly Ann Conway. Oh, That was her. Oh, that, okay. That explains, that explains how good the concept was. It wasn't quite, it was quite good. And She was being escorted. I don't know. She was walking out with a, a coie of people. Yeah. And it agreed to me later she being escorted out. No, I don't know. I think it was her producers. Yeah. I think she was there for something. Yeah, she Was, she was chatting amiably with the person next door. Yeah. She wasn't complaining.


And it, it is true that all the, I thought this was kind of cool that the big networks all have what I guess are normally luxury boxes. Yeah, Yeah. Right. Where, you know, people pay big money to sit and watch concerts or sporting events, and they all have their, you know, their, their logos out. And so, like, Fox News is twice as big as everybody else. NPR has a, a standing desk in the corner. Yes. And NPR has what they call an Apple box. It's just a small wooden box that you can sit on. And they were swapping back and forth. No. And NPR is up in the, up in the radio area. Apparently. Another thing the press is complaining about, in addition to the lines, are the poor facilities. And they're saying the RNC did this better, Let me say, but I, because we should wrap up and get back in there. Right. The facilities.


I think Emma found the best part of the Democratic National Convention. Do you wanna talk about the pub that you found? Oh my God. So, you know, it's in, it's in the United Center where the bulls play basketball. And so there are, you know, there are all these little areas in concession stands. Excuse me. Hi. Is this, is this a bar only for mayors? Yes. It's called the Mayor's Pub. I love mayors. It's only for mayors. There's a thing called the Democratic Mayor's Association. There Is a bouncer. There's a bouncer. There's two Bouncers. Who to see if you're a mayor? If you were a mayor. Yeah. Do you have to have like a, like a sash and top hat, like on a Paw Patrol? We couldn't get in. None of us being mayors.


Yeah. This is the most exclusive club in America. Like, it's not just who you know in there. It's, you have to be elected by general election to get into this pub. I love the idea that tonight after his speech, former president Barack Obama will need a beer. We'll head up to the mayor's pub and they'll say, sorry, sir. Sorry sir. Have you ever been or will be a mayor? I Was a community organizer. I'm sorry, this is the mayor's Pub. I was president. Sorry. You overshot it. Oh my God. You have to just get it exactly right. The mayor's pub. It's pretty cool. I don't wanna get in so Bad. Well, presumably the mayors can bring a plus one, right? Yeah. It's for mayors and their guests. So my one goal for this convention is find a mayor, become their friend, and get into the mayor's pub.


They'll be there always. Lets, Let's make that our goal. So we're, we're gonna head back into the convention and try to get into the mayor's pub. We have a couple more days of this. Another question I wanna answer. How do you prove you're a mayor? You get special id That's like a golden Id. Yeah. A badge. Do mayors get a badge? You have like the key to the city that you hold onto before you present it to people. That's, That's collateral. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. All right. Well, these are questions we're gonna answer. We're so excited to spend a little more time at the DNC meeting, these dignitaries and weirdos that make our country great. That's, I'm gonna call that a sign off. I'm just gonna, I, I I would just go far as to say is they make our country. Okay. Okay. Thank You all. Thanks for sitting through this.


Peter Emma, Godspeed, U-S-A-U-S-A.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit. So the card's purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling the Venture X business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.