
Hey guys, it's Peter and I am a wife guy. It's really true. I'm not just going along with the whole Tim Walls tread. My wife Mara is great in every way. I am the luckiest guy in the world. One of the things that's so great about her is her enthusiasm. For example, you should hear her talk about her favorite comedy podcast from NPR. It's called How To Do Everything, and it's made by two of the producers of, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Mike Danforth and Ian og. Sadly for her how to Do Everything went off the air a few years ago, but despite certain promises made to me by NPR executives, it's come back. Mike and Ian will be bringing you new episodes as well as updates on some of their classic episodes right here on the Wait, Wait feed. If you would like to get a taste of what makes me stare at the ceiling at night and wonder what I could have done better, listen to this preview. Hey there, it's Ian and Mike. We are the hosts of How To Do Everything From NPRs. Wait, Wait. Don't Tell me We're the podcast. That is gonna change your life for the better. That is over promising, but we are going to take your questions about how to do everything and we are gonna find people to answer them because we are incapable of helping you ourselves. You have no fear. We are not the ones who are gonna offer you advice. We are gonna find very qualified, overqualified people to answer those questions for you. We know nothing. I can barely make it through a day. I have no executive function. All You have to do is send us your questions, send them to us at how to@npr.org, we do know how to check email. My email password is password, and I'll be using that to open the email Box. My social security number is password, No question is too big, too small, too ridiculous, or too dangerous for us to attempt to answer questions like, how do I reheat cold french fries? Or, how do I get out of the way of this rhinoceros currently charging at me? Is this an infection? In any event, how to do Everything. The podcast that is Half Advice Show, half Survival Guide, half Advice show can be found every Wednesday right here in this feed. How to Do Everything is also available without sponsor messages. For supporters of Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me. Plus, that means you get to hear both shows. Sponsor free Supporters. Also get bonus episodes of Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me. Featuring exclusive games behind the scenes content and more. For more info on how to sign up, visit plus.npr.org. Once again, that's P-A-S-S-W-O-R-D, But the O Is a zero.