
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey guys, it's Peter. This week we are back with another episode of How to Do Everything Made by Waitwait producers Mike Danforth and Ian og. And I have to tell you, honestly, this is one of my favorite episodes so far because I am in it now. Longtime listeners may remember that back in the day, Mike and Ian used to drag me in to eat usually some terrible food. And this is no spoilers, food related. And it really was one of the more fun things I've ever been able to do. Once again, listeners remember, this show will not be in this feed forever, so be sure to get out of here and go listen to how to do everything on their own feed and enjoy this latest episode of How to Do Everything with Peter Segel.


About 10 years ago, the town of Espo, Finland had a problem with thousands of young people gathering on the beaches and committing crimes. Some of them very serious crimes. Inspector Hannu Vannin had an idea to stop it. Can you tell us about that? Yes. In Finland, in Central Finland, they had used classical music in a, a shopping mall. The, the youth, youth didn't like the classical music, so, so they evaded it. And then I, I'm, I'm a little odd in, in this police station and I, I, I suggested to the, the superiors that should we try to play the classical music at the beach.


And we, we played it, the youth, usually they gathered there around 6:00 PM or 7:00 PM until the 1:00 AM the whole night. And we started the music at four or 5:00 PM So there was, it wasn't youth already there. And, and the youth, they did come in a small groups, but they started to move one by one, one step, two steps, three steps away from the music. They, it wasn't loud. It was, they could talk there, but I, I'm not sure what's, what's the, the, the problem with the classical music. But they, they did move. It, it, it sounds like you just kind of changed the vibe of the beach to a place Yes.


They didn't think was cool anymore. Yes. I, I something like that Is, is the, if I'm, am I right that the, the vibe there that, that the scene at the beach with the classical music would almost make it perfect for a romantic picnic? Well, yeah, if you like za or Pan flute music, then it's okay. And the people, some of the older people came and they enjoyed like a pizza and wine or something with the classical music, I guess. I guess. I guess that would be a danger that you would, by playing the classical music, you could be attracting too many old people. Well, well, they warned us about that, that my superiors also warned me about that. But that, that's not the case yet.


Yeah. Do you, do you, in your, in your private personal life, do you listen to classical music? Not much. Sorry about that. So it kind of had the same effect on you, didn't it? Well, it might have. It might have. This is how to do everything. I'm Ian And I'm Mike on today's show, how to Fix the Net at your basketball game. But first We got an email from Brian, which he sent from his seat at a minor league baseball game, said he needed some help. Brian, what can we help you with? Yeah, so right when I was watching a mascot race at the Lehigh Valley Iron Pigs baseball game here in Allentown, Pennsylvania, they do a mascot race in the middle of one of their innings.


I just thoroughly enjoyed it and I was like, how can I do this? And how hard are these costumes to run in? What, who are the, what are the mascots that are racing? So it's all pork based characters. My favorite is Crisp Pea bacon P period bacon. Okay. That's a slice of bacon. Diggity is a hot dog. Sure. Ham bone is a slice of ham. Ham bone always loses. Okay. There's barbecue. That's a pulled pork sandwich. Okay. And then they added somebody recently rib, it's a rack ofri. So they're five. Well, that actually raises a question that I have Brian. So for hand bone, what is the shape of hand bone if ham bone always loses, is that an issue?


Because aerodynamically ham bone is more, has more surface area? That is, that's a good point. I mean, ham bone is kind of what you would think. It's like a hock of ham. The har harder to move in that than say like a vertical hot dog. Although, yeah, I mean you could argue that the hot dog could be hard. 'cause it's what it, it could be very top heavy. I, I've always wondered if it's rigged. Like if somebody at the top of the, the organization says, you know, today it's, it's you crispy bacon. Really Like to what end do you think though? Is it just like to give crispy bacon his do or her do? Yeah. You all think that it's a real fair contest? I think there are occasions when it's fair, but now that you say it, I mean, with the rise in sports gambling, you, you have to wonder if there's like an underbelly here.


Well, Brian, I think we have somebody who can help us here. The most treasured of all the mascot races is the Johnsonville famous racing sausages race at Milwaukee Brewers games Online with us now is their Italian sausage. And we've been told being completely serious in no uncertain terms, we've been told not to reveal the human identity of this sausage. So Italian sausage. How long have you been doing the sausage race? Ooh, I've been doing it for close to 15 years. So I've lost track of how many races I've run. Yeah. Wow.


Yeah, I mean I'm, I'm typically the Italian, I I I'm partial to the Italian. It's, it's the costume I, I won my first race in, but we switch it up. Oh. Sometimes I'll hop into bratwurst or the hotdog. We also have the polish and the chorizo. Hmm. So is it, it's always you and is it the same three or four other people in the other sausage costumes? No. So we actually have anywhere from 30 to 50 people that Oh, wow. That do it. Yeah. I mean it would be crazy to to commit to every, every home game like that. Yeah. Yeah. But no, yeah, we do mix it up. You know, one of the most common questions we get is, well, is it, is it fixed? Is the race predetermined? And I can tell you that a absolutely not, we try it is, it is legit.


It's, it gets competitive. We are out there racing our butts off. And it is, it's exhausting. It's a, I don't know the, how long it is, but it's, you know, we go from the opposing dugout to all the way past the home dugout on the camera. Well, well into the outfield and it's, yeah, in the summer months it get, it is hot, it is sweaty. It is a physically demanding experience. What, what Italian sausage, which of the sausages has an advantage? Generally, we would say the four that are not chorizo because the chorizo has the rero.


Oh, okay. And that, that adds some extra weight. Yeah. And some aerodynamic implications that, that you have to factor in. Sure. If you had the power to animate, I'm sorry. If you had the power Italian sausage to animate all five sausages, you were given a gift, which of the five sausages, real sausages would win a race? I would have to say hotdog because it's the most slender. Yeah. Not a lot of extra, you know, weight to it. Now our, we, Mike, a second ago accidentally said your name, which we've bleeped out, and it, it was very clear as we were setting up this interview that we were only to refer to you as Italian sausage.


We are to protect your identity, which we're happy, we're happy to do. I am curious why though, why that's important. Are they afraid that somebody is going to try and influence the sausage race by finding you in your human life, or, I think it goes back to just sort of mascot code in general. Yeah. You know, you go to Disney Parks and, and they're always in character. That's, that's sort of how we look at it. Do you, do you have a rival, either a rival sausage or a rival human inside of the sausage costume? Like, is there, is there somebody you always want to beat? Yeah, there have been some rivalries. I, I had a run in with, with the chorizo once, so it was the gosh 20th anniversary of the sausage race or something.


It was, it, it was, it was a landmark day. It was a big deal and tried to take an aggressive turn around, around home and Charissa is, is kind of in the same line and we bump and I fall and still manage to get back on my feet and finish third. But I happen to make it on SportsCenter not top 10 for, for this. How'd that feel? You know, it felt like something I wanted to share with everyone. Like it didn't matter. You know, it's like, and I ask people like, okay, I'm the not top 10. Do, do I want to be higher or I was number eight. Oh Yeah. If I'm gonna be on the not top 10, don't, don't I want to just go all the way for number one, right.


Like Yeah. Yeah. Additionally, they had me fill out an injury report because I scraped my knee a little bit. So I had to fill out this injury report for, you know, the club policy. Yeah. And, and there're these, this questionnaire, it's like, you know, was another employee involved in the incident? And I said, yes. Incidental contact with Teresa. I mean, I I have to just, I have to ask, how can Mike and I get in a sausage race? How can, how do we do it? We will be there at the drop of a hat. Yeah. You guys just say the word and we'll, we'll get you booked.


I gotta be honest, I didn't think that last part was gonna work. But we are going to Milwaukee to be sausages. You'll know we're there when we start speaking in hushed tones. Alright. We're at, at American Family Field where the Milwaukee Brewers play baseball. We're starting out at the tailgate. I, and I should say we invited Peter Segel to join us here in Milwaukee. He is of course usually our, our taste tester. I figure climbing into a sausage costume that has been worn by countless hot, sweaty people running as fast as they can.


That counts as a, a taste test. There will be a flavor within, it's Definitely a sensory experience. Like you're going to sense things and smell things probably, and maybe even taste things depending on what you're doing in there. I am extremely excited about this. This is, this is in fact, I'm so, I'm so excited about it. It's almost like a weird thing that you invited me to do it because usually my attitude is dread. But I'm very excited. You Think we're gonna trick you at some point? Oh, I, I, yes. Yeah. I mean, it can't be this great. I mean, there has to be a catch. Okay, We'll, we'll find a way to meet your dread, I think. Okay, so we're about to go back there.


We've, we've sat through three innings of this game, looking at the field on which we're about to run. What are, what are you all feeling about it? Growing? Anxiety. You feel nervous? Well, yeah. Not just because of the game. There are a lot of people here and you'll note that during every sort of interstitial moment, everybody's paying a lot of attention. Like they had that, you know, find the coin or the whatever, the ball under the baseball hat. Yeah. Animation. Everybody was playing. Everybody was shouting out their answer. They're gonna be watching us. But here's the thing. And if you don't, if you didn't know this already, they're not gonna know it's us. Oh, I'm, I'm well aware of that. They won't. No, but I think, But you still might fall Down. I, that's exactly it. What if I as whatever sausage ended up being fall down, people will be telling for years, they'll say, oh, did you see that night?


The polish fell down. I was there that night. What do you guys think? I Am not nervous. I have no expectation. I just, I just want to finish. Nina, how are you? How are you feeling? Yeah, yeah. Grow, growing anxiety. I'm just like dancing in my chair a little bit more than I used to be. There are a ton of people here. The sausages also are like everywhere. Like, so what Sausage do you wanna be? Not chorizo anything but chorizo. What do you wanna be? I, I i I anything but chorizo, which probably means I'm gonna end up being the chorizo. Peter, Would you like to be the chorizo? I would not like to be the chorizo. Well, I'm sorry. We Can edit out where he said. Not Of all. We have some bad news, Peter. Well, I figured, lemme show you a text that I sent to my friends.


I was told to avoid the chorizo because you can't see them from under the hat. So I'll probably get the chorizo. I don't wanna be the Chorizo. Okay, let's, let's get to it. They take heena, Mike, Peter, and me, they take us all down beneath the stadium to get our costumes on. And this guy gives us this big spiel about the rules. A lot of it has to do with the mascot code. Yeah, apparently. And, and I hadn't really thought about this in retrospect, thinking back about my encounters with mascots. It makes a lot of sense. The thing they're, they're most concerned about is breaking the illusion that the, in this case the sausage is in fact a sausage rather than a person in a sausage suit.


Well, I think we should reveal, so we, we are about to go out on the field here and, and actually do this race and see which of us triumphs. It's the four of us. And somebody from the Mets, who was he, he took the role of hot dog. I was Italian sausage Ian. You were brought worse. I was polish And that means there was only one person left to be chorizo. Could we let the, can we let the listeners guess who that was? Just for a moment. Should we do that? Alright, fans. Time now for the Johnsonville famous racing sausage race wearing number one, it's the Johnsonville bur ruts. Number two, we have the Johnsonville poll is sausage wearing number three, the Johnsonville Italian sausage wearing number four, the Johnsonville hot dog.


And number five, it's the Jensen Chorizo. All right, sausages on your mark. Get set, go. They're often racing the hotdog, taking an early lead with the chorizo to the inside. And second, it's the Polish. A third, the brunt horse moving up now with the Italian trailing the field, they make the turn and they're heading down the stretch. At least the hot dog is, he is all by himself tonight. It's the hot dog all alone at the wire. Obviously the hotdog, the one of us that was not the one person who was not one of us, jumped out to a huge lead. If you're watching it on the jumbotron, after about five seconds, none of us were even visible because he was so far ahead of us.


I was like, is that a false start? Did I miss the start? Because it just seemed so unlikely. Yeah, exactly what I thought. Yeah. Yeah. You saw him too. Oh yeah. Saw I, I could focus on anything. Saw him running so quickly that I was like, there's just simply no way that they actually said go. You know why I don't think I saw anybody? Because I was in last place. I just saw you guys. All I saw was Heena and I just knew that I, I had to beat. I couldn't be last. Ultimately that's where the drama for that the crowd was, was was who was gonna be last between Mike and Heena because it was neck and neck for the bottom. And I think I've seen video and I do think we tied hotdog guy smoked this Completely.


We were smoked sausages. Hey, and if you have any questions you want us to answer, you can send them to us at how to@npr.org. That's our email address. And we promise we look at every email we receive. If your question is that you are currently stuck inside of a Braw costume, I'll just tell you right now, just bend both of your elbows the other way. Unlock your hips and rotate your head 360 degrees.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR At Planet Money will take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum from A quality standpoint is the best in the World. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart.


Don't worry About Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts. Wanna know what's happening in the world. Listen to the State of the World podcast Every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we are already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR. Hey, we got, we got some B listener mail, some correspondence from you all that we would like to acknowledge. First up, we got something from Madeline or Madeline just wanted to report back that I have never seen the movie The Champ.


And when I heard the short snippet from the movie you played in the archive episode, I didn't cry. But when I heard Mike start crying, I unexpectedly started crying with full tears. I also have young kids, so maybe that's it. Madeline, I feel your pain. I inspired your pain. You caused Caused your Pain. I caused your pain. I caused your pain with my pain. I have not watched the Champ in the years since we recorded that episode. Have you Ian? Well, no I haven't, but I'll say listening back to our podcast episode in which I did not cry. Yeah. Which I was completely stonehearted. Yeah, I cried when I heard you cry. Did you? I did.


I've had, I have kids. I didn't have them when we recorded that episode. Yeah, but you also caused my pain. Oh, Well you're welcome. Here's another one. This is from Oliver and he's responding to our recent episode about things that are world famous. He's writing from Australia. He says, I will preface that I'm from the east coast of Australia, but here we call the event of a hotdog sale, a sausage sizzle. Okay. And we call a hot dog itself a snag. Okay. I don't think I would ever do that. I don't think I'd be comfortable ordering a Chicago style snag. I will say, I can say that I was just moments ago completely humiliated by a very fast snag.


Yeah. See when you said that, I was sure, I wasn't sure if we needed to mark this episode explicit or not. Oh, we also, we also wanna point out one of our reviews on Apple Podcasts. This is from Hydro Flask Water bottle. Who asks, do you guys actually read these? I think the answer is obviously yes. We are currently doing so. Yep. Hydro glass water bottle. The Cocoa Beach High School basketball team was playing a game and the net went up through the hoop and got stuck. The players kept jumping up to try and knock it down, but nothing was working. The game was stopped, the game could not go on.


So Bella Hailey Jatana from the Cocoa Beach High School, cheerleading squad C. Can you tell us what you did? Well, we Were just sort of cheering like we would normally do and then the game just sort of stops. It's like we were just watching them struggle for like a fat minute until we sort of realized like, wait, when we do pep rallies and stuff, my head goes past the rib. So we decided to, you know, show off one of our skills and solve the problem at the same time. You know, it was easy peasy. Okay. For Mike and I who don't know a lot about cheering, can you describe what you did? So There was three of us. We had a back spot and two side bases.


Okay. Those are fresh, that's fresh vocabulary for us here. Back spot, side bases. So the girl that is the back spot, she is behind holding ankle. Okay. So basically what they're describing here, none of the boys on the basketball team could fix the net. So the cheerleaders did, you know, we've all seen it kind of a basic cheerleading pyramid with one of them way up in the air and she untangled the net. Yeah, It looks awesome. It Was like actually tangled up in there, but they got me high enough so I was able to clearly be able to untangle it. What, how did the crowd react? Because it, you know, it looks like you're just kind of doing your thing. I think for a second they didn't like, some of them didn't really realize what was like going on and then like you heard one kid from the other like side go like, oh.


And like then like people started like laughing and stuff. So we were like, oh well this is fun. Did the, did the boys on the team, did you sense that you had bruised any egos when they were unable to help and you were, I mean they just sort of went back into their game and sort of just let it go. Yeah. Sweep it under the rug like it never happened. Yeah, there you go. A funny piece of information is Bella's brother is actually on the basketball team, so his sister had to come out for the rescue. Pretty, Yeah. Oh, he Was just standing there. Helplessly Bella. Does your brother feel bad that you can probably dunk better than he can?


I don't think so. He's actually, actually, he's pretty close to Dunking right now, so I think he's fine with it. How many side bases does it take for him to dunk? Maybe one or two. There you Go. There you go. Have you all, any other time in your, in your life when you're not at a game cheerleading, have you used your cheerleading skills to help out in other ways? I actually use it sometimes at work. Instead of there being like, you know, three bases, it's just me and the person that needs to, you know, grab something from the top shelf. I just kind of make the same hand motion and just like lift them up a little bit. Wow. It's still works like to help them up. Awesome. Well this has been so much fun. Thank You guys.


Thank You guys for having us. Thank You. Thank You. Well that does it for this week's show. What'd you learn Ian? I learned that the mascot code is very real. Yeah. And, and people take it very seriously. Did you, let me just ask you, was there ever a point when we were on the field, we're giving high fives or we're doing our best to give high fives? Because the fact is because we have no peripheral vision and because I didn't feel comfortable turning, I couldn't actually turn to look at the people. I was giving high fives in the stands. So there were a lot of, it was like, there were a lot of phantom high fives. I there, you know, all the fans are leaning through the netting that is up to catch foul balls.


I was giving every high five I could. I got very nervous that my costume was going to become entangled in the netting. I saw it all happening that, that then it would tear the costume from my body. Yeah. As my human self fell to the ground. Children everywhere, the mascot code would be broken. Yeah. Children would see that there was a man within, there would just be tears. That's not a real bratwurst. That's what people you think, that's what people would say. He's Not the bratwurst we thought he was. How to do everything is produced by Polish sausage. Hena Seva. Technical direction from Lorna White. Our intern This week is the hotdog that beat us in the sausage race.


Congratulations hotdog. Get us your questions at how to at NPR dot org. I'm Ian. And I'm Mike. Thanks. Thanks. So did you watch the sausage race? Yes. What'd you think? It's pretty funny. Yeah. Who was Your, who was your favorite sausage? The chorizo has always been my favorite. Yeah. So this guy right here was the chorizo. Oh Really? Yeah, I was work. What happened? What happened? You asked me what happened. I came in third. Look, I know you're good. I won my age group.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms apply.