
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Indeed. You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. Indeed, sponsored jobs helps you stand out According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash NPR. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Hey, it's Peter. So, a while ago, two of wait weights, producers Mike Danforth and Ian Schlock told me they wanted to add something new to our relationship, a new podcast they would be doing on the side called How to Do Everything. It wasn't an easy adjustment for me to make. I, I thought we were all committed to mono podcasty. But one of the rules of healthy relationships is you have to let your partners move on and grow. So sure enough, they created how to do Everything, a younger, more exciting podcast in which they could express themselves in ways that just seemed closed to them in the podcast that I thought had been enough for all of us. Well, it ran its course as these things tend to do with young people.


And we had settled back into our happy routine when they told me recently, well, they had been thinking about podcasting again, but this time they wanted to make it part of one big blended family. So how to do everything is back. And new episodes will be in your Wait, Wait podcast feed for the near future, and you can follow their own feed and submit questions for them to answer at how to@npr.org. It won't last forever. These things never do. But in the meantime, enjoy the first episode of how to Do Everything. It's hard to clean a tutu. We've all been there. You Can't just throw it in the washing machine. Eddie Grundy is costume production supervisor for the Dutch National Ballet.


Eddie, you've got a tip for us. Tutu. Obviously you can't, like you said, you can't throw it in a washing machine. A lot of what we do during a run is we'll, at the end of the performance, we spray it with vodka and that's basically to kill the bacteria. The alcohol kills the bacteria in the costume. You Use vodka? Yeah. It's an, it's an old trick actually, that comes from Russia. Funnily enough, they used it in all their companies and it's been taken over basically through theaters all over the world. So all you do is you take a spray bottle to each two Two. How many squirts? Like three or four? Yeah. I mean, it depends. It's, it's, so you put the vodka into like a plant spray.


Sometimes we mix it with a little bit of water. Depends how much they've been used. Used the soloist costumes at the end of a ballet, they're soaking wet. So you have to really drench them in the vodka and it, it evaporates so it, it kills the bacteria. Have you ever used vodka on your own? Non non ballet clothes? I've used it for, for suits. If I've, if I have premiers here at work sometimes, then I'll come back. If it's sometimes in the theater, it's, it is hot and you come back and you're getting changed and then I'm, I'll put some in my suit before I hang it away. For sure. Yeah. Really. And there's no smell with, with vodka, right? No, that's, that's right. One of the reasons we use it because once the, the alcohol evaporates and then it doesn't leave a smell behind.


You can't really use gin for this. No, no, no, no. I think, I think, I think vodka is the one that doesn't have any scent really with it. Yeah. But we don't use the blueberry vodka or raspberry vodka or anything. Oh, that's Good. Yeah. None of Those. Does anybody, does anybody who uses this technique? Does anybody do like one for me, one for the tutu? We've had, we've had, not recently. I mean, I've been working in nearly 20 years now, and when I first started, we had a couple of Russian girls that would say, oh, can I just have a shot before I go on? So in the end we had to tell them, oh, but we mix it with a special chemical so it's not drinkable. Yeah, yeah. You have, we have to guard the bottles of vodka.


You never know. Otherwise, This is how to do everything. I'm Mike And I'm Ian, and we are here for you. Whatever question you have, send it to us and we will try to answer it. Whether you're a listener of Wait, Wait, don't tell me and you found us that way, or you accidentally clicked on this show, intending to listen to something else. Yeah. Thanks for listening and thanks for sticking with us. Even what, through these four minutes so far, Might as well just keep going. Send us your questions. We look at all our emails. That email address is how to@npr.org, We literally have nothing else to do, but look at your emails On today's show, how to tell if you smell.


But First, When astronauts, Sonny Williams and Butch Wilmore arrived on the International Space Station back in June, they were only supposed to be there for eight days, But due to some problems you may have heard with their spaceship, they're gonna be there much, much longer. Last week, NASA announced they won't be coming home until February, 2025. Frank Rubio holds the record for the longest time in space 371 days. We're gonna see if maybe he can help Sonny and Butch out. They probably, for instance, weren't counting on needing a haircut up there. Frank, for starters, how do you get a haircut in space? You know, we, we plan for everything, right?


And so for cutting your hair, we actually have a, a pair of electrical shears and, and we connect that to a vacuum system. And basically the vacuum just suctions up the hair as, as you're cutting it. It's not a pretty haircut for sure, but it's functional. I say that my hair, you know, my wife and I have this ongoing argument. I, I say I was starting to get some gray hair before I launched and it all turned black again when I got there. I think that's because of the fluid shifts. Wow. That happen. And the increased blood flow to your scalp. That's my theory. I don't know if I'll ever be able to prove it. That's amazing. I would think, you know, you're wearing NASA gear up there the whole time. I imagine for 371 days, you wanna do something to maybe spruce up the outfit just for variety?


Well, we, we do get a variety of shirts, t-shirts, workout gear, and unfortunately we haven't developed a laundry system in space yet. And so we have a periodic replacement system, basically where you just fly new things and as things kind of come to their wear out date, you just replace it with another one. What do you do with the dirty clothes? Yeah, so eventually, along with all the other ways, we basically refill the resupply ships with all the trash and waste that's produced on station. And then once that undos, it does not have a heat shield and it'll burn up on reentry. Fantastic. You incinerate your dirty laundry. Well, yes.


Yeah. Do you, do you still do that today, Frank, now that you're back on earth? No, I have never incinerated laundry here on earth. Okay. You at 371 days, you must have spent a birthday in space. I imagine it's a huge hazard to blow out candles. What is a, what's a birthday party like in space? Yeah. Your crew mates do a fantastic job of doing things like celebrating your birthday. We basically put some yellow tape on top of a flashlight and that becomes your, your candle. Oh, wow. And so turning it, turning it off is a lot easier than blowing it out, but it is really important to just be each other's family while you're there. And so we try to do that for each other throughout the year.


So we have a couple astronauts who are gonna be in space longer than they want to be. They're not gonna have laundry. They're not gonna miss, they're gonna miss haircuts. Yeah. What's one tip you would give them? Well, you know, they are trained astronauts and they're experienced astronauts, so they've been there and, and done that, right? And so from that perspective, it's nothing new to them. And they're doing really the one tip that I would give them they're already doing, which is just stay as positive as possible and focus on the mission. Super proud of them, super proud of how they're handling the situation. And I can't wait to have 'em back home. Maybe you're stuck in space.


If so, send us a question, send it to us at how to@npr.org and maybe we can help you out If you're stuck in space and we're, we're the best. You've got, things are not looking good, but we're still, we are still gonna try our best. Again, that email address where you can send us an email is how


to@npr.org. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna, and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You looking for? The stupid guy here? They're all smart. Don't worry about Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter. She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


Hey Marcy, what can we do for you? Well, here's my question. I'd like to know, how do I get someone to tell me if I smell and like smell in a bad way? So, okay. Do do you think you smell? I do. Yeah. And I think no one has the heart to tell me. Wow. Why? What makes you think that you smell? Well, I guess like, I use natural deodorant and I figure okay, that's problem not doing the trick. And you know, no one's just gonna tell you. And even if you ask them, they're not gonna wanna tell you. 'cause they don't wanna be rude. Yeah. And it's also uncomfortable for them. Have you had the experience of asking somebody if you smell Yes.


Yes. I, I have. And they always say, no, you don't. Let me flip it on you. Have you ever told somebody that they smell My husband? Yeah. And my children. Okay. Anyone outside the family? No. Yeah. Only do you smell good. I was on an elevator once in a hotel and I just said, somebody in this elevator car smells really good. Well, that guy actually, he, he liked it. He was, he was like, yes, it's me. Oh. And I'm wearing, and then she announced what he was wearing. Does was the guy in the elevator who smelled good, was he wearing natural deodorant? I don't, that's a good question.


I don't know. I can answer that. Yeah, he probably was not. All right. I think we have a way to help Marcy. We need an objective measure of whether or not she smells. And our producer Hena has got her hands on something called a Nasal Ranger. A nasal ranger is an industrial caliber device. It looks like a megaphone and you hold it up to your nose and point it at whatever smells, and it gives you a quantitative number representing how bad the smell is. And this is not something normally used on people.


City inspectors use nasal rangers when they get a complaint about smell pollution. Yeah. These are, this is the assumption we're making about Marcy, that she might be the kind of thing someone might call 3 1 1 about. She might be producing a suspicious odor. Mike and Heena are going to take this industrial disaster smelling tool and point it at Marcy, but first they're gonna go to Mike's house to calibrate it. We Are at my house. We have a cat, and the cat is named Stinky. And that is a name that the cat earned. I'm just gonna bend over into his litter box and sniff. So first I have to smell it without the nasal ranger bear nose. If I can get a reading bare nose, I can get a reading with a nasal ranger.


I really feel like a city inspector. Okay. It's definitely a cat's litter box. A hundred percent. Smells like a cat's litter box. Okay. I'm gonna stick this thing on my nose and I'm gonna give it a big whiff. I'm doing my first reading at 60, And when Hena says 60, that is the highest possible setting of the nasal ranger. The worst smell in the world is gonna hit 60. How it works, the nasal ranger has multiple filters in it and a dial that you shuffle through them. So when you're using it, you start with the highest setting, the thickest setting, that's the 60. And if whatever you're smelling can make it through that, you, you give it a 60.


If you don't smell anything, you dial it down to the next, setting the lighter filter and see if you can smell it there. And you keep going lighter and lighter filters until you can smell the smell for the first time. And that's the rating of the, of the thing you're trying to smell. A person should be in the two to seven range. You know what, I'm gonna give this one 30. Okay. So that's actually good for us to know before we smell Marcy, that a cat's litter box came in at 30 out of 60. Can we just, just real quick, can we just smell me real quick? Now we know what smelly is. Let's see how I do.


So the people at St. Croix Sensory who gave us this wonderful nasal ranger, they recommended that we're smelling humans. I have to put a Dixie Cup to your armpit in order to funnel your amazing odors into the nasal ranger. Oh man. I took a pair of scissors and I cut the bottom from the cup. Okay. So that if it, if I stick this on your armpit, it'll funnel the smell straight into the nasal range. All right, let's go, let's get in there. Are you Okay with this mic? I, I am. It's not me. I'm worried about It's you. All right, here we go. Fine. Oh, this is, I feel so bad.


Yeah. Nine at seven. Oh, alright. Alright. Reading you at four. Oh, I kind of got a reading at four. Let's try you at two. Okay. Almost Deep breathing makes me feel like I'm in a yoga class. That's a hot arm pit yoga. Yeah. I would say you're between a two and a four. All right. When I won't even ask if I smelled good, I'll just say, okay. You Smelled like a human being. Thank You. Thank You very much. Can I jump in here? How did you learn to use the nasal ranger? So I had to take a two and a half hour training sent to me by the people who make the nasal ranger at St.


Croix Sensory that all city inspectors take to get trained up. The, this is like a mandatory, you ca you are not authorized to use this tool unless you do a training. You are not authorized to use it. And I actually got a certificate at the end of the training that certifies me as a nasal ranger inspector. Did you frame it? I didn't even print it out. It's just a PDF that's saved on my computer. And now I feel like I'm missing an opportunity to really celebrate my greatness. Well, I think in order to get something better, you'd have to enlist the services of the certificate Ranger. Have her shoes. Hi there, Marcy.


Hi. It's Mike and Hena. It's so good to meet you. So to meet You, I'm Keena. Hi Tina. I'm Mike to you. Thanks for welcoming us into your home. I am so glad to have you here. And You see, we asked Marcy to do just what she would do on a normal day. That means she was wearing her natural deodorant. And I just wanna take a second to give Heena some credit. You made Marcy feel so comfortable. You took a second to make sure she knew what she was getting into and she even at one point reached out and held your hands. Yeah. And we, we held hands for quite a while. Should we do like a, do you just wanna smell Marcy kind of bare nosed first?


Yes. Okay. So this is my first time meeting you. Let's hold hands and I just wanna say that we have no boundaries here. I am just going to smell your armpits and I am so okay with that. I'm glad to be here. I I immediately feel connected to you. You have the most welcoming eyes. Thank You. And I just feel like you're the kind of person that people would be on the street and be like, it's gonna be okay. Like, let's just get it all out there. Oh, wow. And so I, the energy I'm trying to give up in the world. Yeah. Alright. Okay. Let's get into it. Do you want me to No, no, you just lift your armpits and I'm just gonna take a whiff. Okay. Perfect. Oh yeah. Now I can definitely smell you.


Is that lavender deodorant? What is that? Yeah, it's a, it used to be called Primal Pit Paste. Now it's called Frank something. And it's, it's very, like, there's nothing bad in it as far as I know. Primal pit paste is quite the Name. Primal Pit Paste sounds like it's like an industrial strength. Oh, it feels like Gorilla Glue. Yeah. 30. Okay. Now this is 30. This is FYI 30 was how smelly Mike's cat's litter box was. So It's cat's, cat's toilet smell. I don't wanna be there.


Well, you're not. So think that. Okay. There's like a moment of dissipation that's like I know I'm you're pregnant. That's what it feels like. I'm about to tell you either. Whenever we find out, there's gonna be no judgment about it. Okay. Yeah. I, it's just a news. I'm back. I I'm looking your eyes, I'm back there. Okay. All right. Okay. I'm still glad my eyes are doing this for you. That's great. Okay, so now we're going to 15. 15. Okay. What is 15 pretty smelly for a human being. Okay. Yeah, I just, Can we, this is such a suspenseful moment. Can we bring in a little suspenseful music as we get the verdict on Marcy here? Oh, Okay. Well let's do it.


Okay. Okay. Alright. So we are doing 15 right now. Okay. Nope. Cancel you at 15. Alright. This is seven. Okay. I can't really smell you. I think that's Good boy. Hold on. You said you can't really smell. I can't really smell her. Does that mean that you got a, a little bit, I will say I feel like I did get a little bit Yeah, if you got a whiff. Hey, Lavender.


I think in between a seven and a four. So Marcy, after all this, between a seven and a four. That's right. That is basically a normal human Being. I think that's something Marcy basically she, well, I think Marcy can go out into the world feeling better about her smell now, even if she does smell thanks to her primal pit paste. It's a good smell. If anyone ever complains, she can say, you know what, according to the nasal ranger, I'm between a seven and a Four. That's right. I'm nothing like a, an industrial accident. Well, that does it for today's show, Mike, what do we learn today?


Well, I, I learned that astronauts hair, if they have gray hair, it starts to go back to its original color when they're in space. I feel like this could be an expensive cure Yeah. To gray hair also, I think maybe keep going with it. And if you stay in space long enough, you return a baby. Oh, you think it's, it's every, every part of your body regenerates. I guess if you were a baby, you couldn't do the spacewalk. You would have to do space crawl. Yeah. You space tottle. What'd you learn Ian? I learned that astronauts don't do laundry. They just burn up all of their dirty clothes. It does raise the idea in my mind though, that maybe sometimes when I see a shooting star, what I'm actually seeing is somebody just burning up their pants.


It's so beautiful. Those are technically sudden. Those are shooting slacks. How To Do Everything is produced by Heena Srivastava. Special thanks this week to Lindsay McKenna, Emily Koslow, Maddie Bauer. And everyone on NPR R'S Project Management Team. Our intern is Andrew Hillman. Keep It up. Andrew, you're doing great. Whatever it is you do, it was great. I'm Ian. And I'm Mike. Thanks. Thanks.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Spark cash plus terms apply.