
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey guys, it's Peter here with another episode of How to Do Everything Hosted by Wait, Wait. Producers, Mike Danforth and Ian Schlog this week just ahead of Thanksgiving. The guys ring up hospitality icon Martha Stewart, to help a listener pronounce the word that is spelled P-E-C-A-N, so popular in your Thanksgiving meals. Now, now I Peter Segel, pronounce it like almond almond, but you know, whatever. Martha probably has more authority on this topic than me. Now, If you like what you hear, make sure to get outta this feed and go over and follow them on their own. How to do Everything. Feed. Now, enjoy the latest episode of How to Do Everything.


What can we help you with, Alexa? So, Okay, my, my mother is a born and raised Texan, was taught from a very young age that the proper pronunciation of a certain nut is pecan and not pecan. And this is important because the state nut of Texas is the pecan. And I recently moved in with some new roommates in New York to of which are from Texas, and I assumed they would also understand the importance of the pronunciation of pecan.


And one of them does, however, the other does not. So your roommates one says pecan and the other roommate both from Texas, the other roommate says pecan. Yes. Have you ever been corrected? Have you ever said pecan and somebody corrected you? No, but I am quick to make my feelings known if someone says the other pronunciation. It does almost, I, I'm just gonna say this, Alexa, you almost sound like you might be a little bit pedantic when it comes to pecans. I mean, the fact that you're throwing out it is the state nut. I wasn't, I wasn't until I moved in with Texans.


Yeah. Because I, my belief was that every Texan knew the correct pronunciation and I could be forgiving about o other people from other states where the state nut is not a pecan, but it's now come to my realization that some Texans are wrong. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You do keep calling it the correct pronunciation. What is your question there? I should, I should, I should roll it back. My question is, what is the correct pronunciation? And I, I will surrender if I Am proven wrong. I think. Yeah, it sounds like your question is right.


This is how to do everything. I'm Mike And I'm Ian on today's show, how to Light up the Dark Winter Days. But first to Alexis pecan pecan question. Now, when I make pecan pie, I use Martha Stewart's recipe. It's The gold standard. Martha, are you there? Hi Mike. And you have Martha Stewart on the line. Hello, Martha. Hi. Good morning. Okay. Martha Stewart, how do you pronounce? P-E-C-A-N? Pecan. Pecan. Pecan. Okay. Not very southern because I have a lot of southern friends and they all say pecan and mine's pecan. You know, pecan, it's not pecan.


I don't say pecan. If someone does say pecan, do you correct them? Do you just accept It? Absolutely not, but my granddaughter does. Oh, how does she cut? How does she correct them? Pecan. Pecan. Yeah. Okay. And She and she's 13. And, and you have to, you know, you have to, then you have to look it up with her and, oh God, it's so annoying. People say Ko tomato, who know who, who knows. Do people really say tomato? Oh, Yes. I have lots of friends who say tomato. One of my aunts used to say tomato, but she's not around anymore. Yeah, okay.


She, she probably died early because she said tomato. Well, Martha, Thank You so much for helping us out today. This has been great. You're Welcome. Martha's new book is her 100th book. It's 100 favorite recipes, lessons and stories from my kitchen. You know, there may be an even higher authority than Martha Stewart to ask about this. I need Hello Dr. Sullivan. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. Where Are we? Where are we reaching you? Right now I'm at Lac Coterie Ojibwe Reservation in northern Wisconsin, about one hour south of Lake Superior.


Dr. Michael McGee Sullivan is an Ojibwe linguist at LCO Ojibwe University in Wisconsin. So Dr. Sullivan, we understand this word has its roots in the Ojibwe language. Is that right? Yeah, I think the, the general sort of agreed upon assumption is that it derives from an algon language, which is the bigger, bigger family to which Ojibwe belongs. Okay. In that language, how do you pronounce this word? Right on? I thought you'd never ask. So we say bgan, bgan, Bgan, bgan. Yeah. So we spell it in Ojibwe, we spell it with a B, you know.


Oh, okay. Now, being that the Europeans call it a pecan, I'd say would be the closest in the colloquial English that matches an indigenous pronunciation, bogan pecan. So the, the kind of most correct would be bagan, but if, if you were forced to accept an anglicized version of the word pecan would be better than pecan. Yes, very much so. Yeah. Yeah. Well, one thing, you know, as a, as a linguist, sometimes linguists are kind of like language police. Yeah.


I'm not really one of them, you know, like language is beautiful and all of its variation. Right. So if there's multiple pronunciations and it's like the tomato, tomato kind of debate, you know, that people say whatever. So I don't even really engage in being the correct, but if, if somebody wanted to be historically correct or cared Yeah. Right. Then boon would be the proper pronunciation. Pecan sounds really American to me. Yeah. Alright. Yeah, That's okay. So maybe Alexis should know that she could tell her roommates that Dr. Sullivan is laughing at you when you say pecan.


Yeah, there you go. Yep. Yep. You sound really Anglo when you say pecan. Okay. Bagan is where we, where we're going for. Yeah. So as, as somebody who cares about this language, these languages, if you're, you know, if you are faced with a, a pie with these nuts, are you like, oh, Thank you for the pecan pie. Or do you say pecan pie When we speak English, you mean? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Well, well, yeah, if you're, if you're, I guess if you're hanging with Anglos, Yeah, I would probably, if I was hanging with Anglos and it was in the, the English speaking setting, pecan, pecan, pecan, I'd probably say pecan.


I'd probably use the English pronunciation just to fit in. But I might launch into a sort of teachable moment. Right. Yeah. Eating my pecan pie with, with other Anglos. Yeah, definitely. Teachable moment. Well, Dr. Sullivan, Thank You so much for talking to us about this. Yeah, it sounds like a really, really cool, fun show, man. I think I might have to tune in. So keep up the good work. Michael McGee Sullivan's book is plums or Nuts Ojibwe Stories of Anish Nabe Humor.


I wanna do something here, which is I have tried over the past several years to stop saying you guys the phrase you guys right Mike, I think you and I are both guilty of this. Yeah. I will write that in an email, a group email, and then I will take it out. Then I have to scramble to come up with something else. And sometimes I'll hear it come out of your mouth, which you can't take back. You've already hurt people. You're right. You can't unhear that. I apologize to anyone I've said that to, I apologize. So both of us would like to stop saying it. So we're gonna establish a little accountability. We're going to do a, you guys fast and you people out there, we'd love for you to join.


If you also want to stop saying, you guys send us an email, let us know you're taking part. Keep us apprised of your progress, your mistakes, the times you hurt people, just as Mike has. Wait, how so you people, that's the solution. You're Right. That doesn't sound great either. You Yeah. You've Our fellow, our fellow humans out there. If you would like to join us in this, you guys fast, let us know. This is a real story that I have a relative who's a pastor who was baptizing a kid, a baby, and he forgot the baby's name and he just said, child of a God. And that was his solution in the moment in front of everybody.


That doesn't work. That doesn't quite work in an email. Well, I think if, if any of us embarking on this fast, and let's say it's a a 30 day fast, if you find yourself about to say, you guys just try you, children of God and see where that gets you. Hey y'all, that works. Hena, that was what you did, right? That's what you've, we talked about this and that was a solution that you came up with. Yeah, I went to a very PC high school and we like actually couldn't say guys until I started saying y'all. And then I went to college and everyone thought I was from the south And where are you from? I went the Chicago suburbs. There you go. Well, if you children of God have a question for us, just get it to us at how to at NPR dot org.


No matter what your question is, no matter how big, no matter how small, we will do our best to find an expert to answer it that email again, how to@npr.org


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't tried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. Okay, I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the Conversation.


This Message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential Power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline podcast from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work.


So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR. The town of vi vanilla Italy sits in the shadow of the Alps such that the town got no sunlight for three months out of the year for centuries. In 2006, the Mayor Pier Franco Modally was overseeing the rebuilding of the town square and he came up with an idea. Pier Franco is on the line with us now, along with his daughter Fabiola, who's translating. Okay. So he was working with a friend of him who is an architect for the square for the rebuilding of the square. And they were also working on a sand dial to be painted on the wall of the church.


And while speaking about this, he, he told his friend, this sand dial will be useless for three months in winter because there will be no sun. And his friend told him, are you joking? No, I'm not joking. So they decided to try to find a solution to, to solve the problem of the shades for three months in winter. So they realized that the tops of the mountains around the town did get sunlight and that that might be their solution. Okay. So they decided to build this giant mirror, 40 square meters at the top of the mountain opposite the village to reflect the sun directly on, on the village.


It's one kilometer far from the village on the top of the mountain and it is able to light 750 square meters. Wow. Wow. So the full square and a bit more maybe some houses too. So during the winter months when there is no sun, the mirror creates sunlight in this Otherwise Yeah, it's a fake sun. It, it's not like real sun because it's, it doesn't warm up. Oh, it, it's it simply, yeah, it's sun, it's light. NoCal. No, it, yeah, it doesn't warm up, but lights.


So we, we can see the sun on the square, which was something unbelievable because for the people who live in vi or the whole life, it was strange. Yeah. Yeah. And if you wanted to, could you stand out there and get a suntan? We have no suntan. Oh. Do you wanna show them? Yeah. He's a bit tan. Only a bit. Yeah. Yeah. So Can you remember, can you remember what it felt like the first time the sun bounced out this mirror and lit up this place, which had been dark?


Describe the scene if you, if you remember He told us that even before the construction of the mirror, lots of people were skeptical about it. They, they, they didn't believe that it would be possible to build such an invention. So he carried on his shoulders a giant mirror and he went to the, the top of the mountain and he tried to show the people how it would be like to have the sun even in winter because lots of people didn't believe him. Wow. Yeah. They thought he was crazy that in, in a kinda way that that's true because he, he's a bit crazy.


Yeah. I guess you'd have to be kind of crazy to, to think that putting a giant Yeah, of course mirror on a mountain would work. You must be crazy to, to come up with such an invention. Yeah. With such an idea. I agree with you. Well, that does it for this week's show. What'd you learn, Ian? Well, I Learned that you, you can actually, you could use a mirror to light up an entire town. It seems like such a simple solution, but an incredible solution at such a huge scale. Like that's such a giant mirror. I think that mirror also up on top of the mountain. Yeah. It's useful for any of the animals that need to see how they look.


You know, you maybe do a little preening, do I have something in my teeth? But could you imagine though if you're down there in the square and you're like, you know what, I'm tanning. I'm just gonna get a quick tan and then suddenly a shadow goes over it because a bear is like checking its its teeth. You'd be like, Hey, hey. Yeah. Really trying To get some sun. Yeah. I guess like a bear could actually cause a solar eclipse just because it wanted to do with eyebrows. How to do everything is produced by Heina Seva with technical direction from Lorna White. Our intern is Ed Brown. Ed, we're glad to hear the Hiccup Cure worked.


Stay strong. Ed, get Us your questions at how to@npr.org. I'm Ian. And I'm Mike. Thanks.


Thanks. This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Spark Cash plus terms apply


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the Pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.