
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey guys, it's Peter. We are back with another episode of our sister podcast, how to Do Everything. This week, Mike and Ian host television icon, Maury Povich, to help a listener who needs some guidance. Well, telling someone something they do not want to hear. Speaking of not wanting to hear things, if you in fact do not want to hear how to do everything in the Wait, Wait feed. Hey, you came here for limericks and poop jokes. You don't want this useful advice. Well, not to worry how to do everything will not be in this feed forever. So if you do want to listen to it, well then make sure you go over to their separate feed and give them a follow there.


And if you want to hear both how to do everything and Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Or just one of them. Were none of them. Well, not none of them without sponsor messages along with exclusive games and behind the scenes content, make sure to sign up for Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Plus at plus NPR dot org.


And I just wanna say before we get to the episode of Question they ask Maury Povich for help with, I could have told them how to do it. I have some experience here. Anyway, enjoy the show. Hey Billy, what can we help you with? Well, There's been a sort of an ongoing thing between me and my wife now for 29 years, going on almost 30 about how to make the bed. When you have printed sheets, do the, the printed top sheet, does it go printed side up or printed side down. Hmm. Yeah. Okay. So you and your wife who's on which side?


She is the one who thinks the printed side of the top sheet should go down on the bed so that you're sleeping between the pretty, as she's always told me, Between the pretties and I'm the one who, the printed side should be up on both sheets just because they match that way. So, okay. So you said you, this, this has been a debate, a crisis in your marriage for 29 years? Correct. Wow. Wow. Well, first of all, congratulations. 29 years. That's no small thing.


I appreciate that, Especially with tensions running high as they are. Billy, we're gonna do our best to save your marriage and get an answer to this question. I would be most appreciative. Alright. I think we have the perfect person to decide this for us. I, I feel like there is an objective right answer here. Grant, what's the best way to identify you? A lot of people just say, I'm Grant Howard, former Butler to King Charles and Queen Camilla. Normally That is Grant Howard, the former butler to King Charles. And we figure if anybody would know the proper way to make a bed.


It is, it is Grant. So, so Grant, what's the verdict? So Basically the first thing you would do is, is the actual first sheet that would go in the bed and it would all get tucked in and you'd do the hospital corners, nice, crisp hospital corners. And then what you'd have is a next sheet. And that would be quite as, as your listener was, was his wife was saying it'd be the other way round. It would be with the pattern down and just to be really exactly with this. And the pillowcases would always make sure, you'd always have the opening towards each other. So they'd all be facing in, into the bed. Oh, and that's how you'd make your perfect bed technically. Wow. So I'm just gonna say by Royal decree, Billy's wife is correct.


Yeah, she's she's absolutely right. And he's completely wrong in this one. Well, I feel like we should just clarify though. Grant, specifically King Charles sleeps between the pretties. I can't confirm. I deny that. But if he has had it done the way that I was taught, then he would sleep in between the pretties. I have to ask, does King Charles sleep in a king-sized bed? His beds just occur. I can't give the details of it, but it's just a normal bed. I fucking say that. Let me say this though, grant, because I mean, be Do you one better. It's a normal bed for him. He's a king, therefore. Exactly. It's a kings size. What a Exactly. Well that's good. Yeah, that's very good.


That's very good. Yeah, a king goes in a kings size bed. That that'd be the perfect, that'd be the perfect scenario. Can I ask this question? So when you make your bed, do you grant sleep between the pretties? Oh, yes. Yeah. A hundred percent. Think thinking about his, his sleep and, and that part of his life does, does, does the king have an alarm clock? I don't know. But on saying that, queen Elizabeth and he now has this, so this is pretty cool. What I do know for a fact is that every morning in the morning they have a piper playing bagpipes outside the window. Really's Her. So that's, that's the, that's the al alarm clock, basically.


So you have a piper outside playing bagpipes in the morning. That's, that's the al alarm clock. Could could she snooze the, so she had a, I don't think, I don't think you could. I don't think you could shut the window. Tell the bagpipes to stop. Yeah. I think it would just gone on for five or 10 minutes. Wow. What song does the Bagpiper play? I'm actually not, I I don't really know. I think it's just a Scottish probably Lament or something, or a piece of Scottish music. Let's be honest, they all sound the same, don't they? Grant? That's what I Well, I'm, I'm Scottish and that's what I was thinking. I wouldn't be able, I I don't really, it all does kind of sound similar when you're, when you, especially when you've had a few whiskeys. Well, grant, Thank You so much for helping Billy.


My pleasure. Helping save Billy's marriage. Well, hopefully we save This marriage. This is how to do everything. I'm Ian. And I'm Mike. On today's show, how to remember to change your toothbrush Or your toilet brush, even some things that are, are not brushes. But first, Hey Jack, what can we do for you? Well, I had this long ago problem that cropped up about how to tell someone that their fly is open. Ah, This came up when I was in graduate school. I happened to be in a class that was about medieval theology and it was taught by a priest.


Okay. And he came in to lecture one day, and not only was his fly open, but some of the shirt tail was hanging out of it. And I, I had this visceral recollection of all the students kind of looking at each other and what should we do? Should we say something? Or how do we, how do we bring this to his attention? And of course, we did nothing. And at the end of the lecture, the priest remarked that he had never had a class that had been so enthralled with the topic of original sin before.


So Jack in that class, and I imagine, how long was it? Like hour long? Yeah. And was the lecturer the priest behind lectern or just all out in front? No coverage. I seem to remember that there was a lectern, but he was clearly visible. Yeah. Well, so we're gonna try and find somebody to help you. In the meantime, I think Mike and I would like to absolve you of Thank You Telling somebody they have their zipper down. That is bad news. It's embarrassing news. We have just got somebody on the line with a great deal of experience delivering bad news.


Hello? Hello. Morrie? Yes. Maury Povich. You have told maybe more people embarrassing news than anybody else in the world. Do you have any advice for, for Jack, what we should do when we need to tell somebody their zipper's down? Well, I, I I, I have an alternative solution in, in the most polite way. I would look at the professor and I would just stare slightly below his belt. Oh. Hoping, hoping that he would say, is there something wrong? And I would just point down there, make him look at it, and then he would be on his own.


And that if that did not work, I would be a little more forceful. I would say, sir, can you turn around? I'm going to go over there and just look at me. No one else. And when it comes to your open zipper professor, zip it Just very direct. Yeah. That is direct. Well, as you know, on my show, it's always been, when it comes to the case of six month old Samantha, what are you gonna do? What are you gonna do? You are the father or you're not the father. That's another case where maybe zip it would've been the best advice. Am I right, Maury?


Yeah. Would've told the guy zip it before other things happened. Are you in your, in your personal life, outside of the show, are you good at at being direct with people, tell, telling people things? Maybe That would be hard to say, Unfortunately, around most of the people who know me, that's correct. I mean, it's Do you have any moments in your life when you look back Maury, that are like jack's where you were facing a situation and you had one choice, you could do the right thing, and then you're like, I don't think I can do that. And then you've lived to regret it. I I, I'll give you one example. I used to be a sportscaster and I used to cover the then Washington Redskins football team.


And I was a sportscaster for a long time and, and for a while. And then about for 10 years. And I went to the coach of the Washington Redskins one time, and, and it was in the locker room and there's this bottle of pills. I mean, it could have been salt pills, who knows? And I said, coach, what are these pills? I think that maybe they're uppers or downers or whatever. And the coach looked at me and said, Mari, are you with us or against us? That's when I, that's when I decided to get out of the sportscasting business and go into news. Wow. Nobody would ever in news say things like that about whether you're with us or against us.


Oh, that's great. Well, I think I'm thinking that for, for somebody like Jack or any of our listeners who might be, might come upon somebody with their zipper down, it would be helpful to have Maury Povich telling them their zippers down. Could could you just, just record? I don't know if you wanna speak directly to the person with their zipper down. Okay, so sir, I I I'm looking at you Sir. Sir, would you do me a favor and just turn away from, from anybody who's watching you right now? 'cause I want to tell you something, sir. When it comes to your open zipper, zip it, That was riveting.


Thank You, Mori. That's terrific. I want to tell you something. You don't think that's happened to me. And now that I'm, now that I'm in my ninth decade, guess what? It happens more often. What was, have you, do you have a memory of somebody telling you that, that your zipper was down? No one? No. It it, it's not that. Yeah. You know, my wife has told me that on occasion. That's the only person I can remember. Well, let me ask you this. When your wife, who is legendary journalist, Connie Chung tells you that your zipper is down, what does she say? She says, Mari, zip it up please. Well, Maori povich, Thank You so much for helping us out. I appreciate it, gentlemen.


Thank You. Hey, if you have a question for us, whatever it is, get it to us at how to@npr.org, We look at all our emails, we read all our reviews, and they're so great. Everybody has nothing but positive things to say about us. Joined the crowd at how to@npr.org. It sounds like you're being sarcastic, but I actually haven't seen anything Bad. No, I wasn't being sarcastic. Did it sound, did it sound like I was being sarcastic? You did. You sounded like you were pointedly talking to somebody who had given us a bad review. Hena, I'm Here. Did Mike sound sarcastic to you? I think he sounded a little sarcastic.


Whether or not Mike is being sarcastic, I feel like he was. Get us your questions at how to@npr.org and remember, we love you. We do. That sounded sincere, right?


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on while getting ready, making de sa know or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, she's Really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR,


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR, a show that focuses not on the important, but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, Brent, what can we help you with? My question is, how often should I replace my toothbrush? Okay. Every six months or so, I go to the dentist and they give me a new toothbrush, and I was told I should replace it every three to four months.


But sometimes when I'm at the store, I see that there are new kinds of toothbrushes, which are available, which seem to have more advanced materials, and the bristles seem to be stronger and stiffer. And so I just got curious. One day I was brushing my teeth and thinking about your show. And, and this just occurred to me is as a question I should ask. Sure. Brent. Brent, let me ask you this question. How are your teeth, what kind of condition are your teeth in? Oh, Thank you for asking. Well, thanks to decades of my mother and father paying for dentists and orthodontists. I'm okay. Okay. Teeth, teeth wise. I, I have a mild keso gingivitis, which I'm trying to get rid of.


Okay. So yeah, I think So. I think there's also, there's a, there's a kind of secondary problem with this question, which is like, you know, if we were to figure out, get the authority that says it's every three and a half months, I maybe not necessarily gonna put that in my calendar. I'm not gonna have the date of, I, I'm not gonna remember when I got the toothbrush. And I think about like with replacing your smoke alarm, your smoke detector, there's that thing when you set your clocks forward or back for daylight savings, replace your batteries and your smoke detector. So that's like, you just have this reminder that is part of culture. Yeah. So I think it would be helpful for something like this to also have, like, whenever this thing happens, replace your toothbrush.


I wonder if we could, if we're gonna be able to track down something like that too and possibly get rid of the mild case of gingivitis. I appreciate that. Thank You. I wish you good luck. Alright, Brent, we, we have a solution. We've done a little bit of research and we, we have that sort of mnemonic guide, like the smoke detectors that will help you remember when to replace your toothbrush, but also some other household items when we can replace those. And Hena our producer is, is joining us. Hi Guys. Hey Hena. So Brent, here we go.


Here's a little, I think a little music. Okay. Okay. Brent, you should replace your toothbrush every three months. And because you know, you're unlikely to remember every three months, you need to replace your toothbrush every time somebody named Thro is born in America. Thro. There are four th four th Rons, that's T-H-R-O-N like Ron, but with a TH in front of him. T-T-H-R-O-N, like the word throne minus E. Yes. Or the word throne minus W. Two things can be true. Keep your eye on the demographic data. Every time you see someone named Thro born, go ahead and toss out your toothbrush and get a new one.


Okay, that's a good one. What else? What else can we use? Mascara. It's important to replace mascara. Okay. For, for your eye health. And you should do that every two to four months. What? And according to one source, that's typically how often the average person gets sick. So, oh, every time you get sick, replace your mascara. Can I ask, can I ask you, Heina, do you wear mascara? I'm Currently sick and I've never replaced my mascara. I think I've had it. It might be why you're sick. I think I've had it since I was like 15 years Old. The same one. The same one. No, I think, yeah. Are you sick with pink eye by any chance?


No. Okay. I'm not, huh? Okay. So I think every time you get sick replace your mascara. And I think we need to go get Hena some, some new mascara. New Mascara. I think that's a good idea. And some DayQuil. Okay. Surge protectors need to be replaced every three to five years because they lose their surge. Protect. Well, they still work as, as, you know, an outlet. They lose their surge protection, really capability. So what you wanna do, that's the same cadence as whenever the USDA publishes new data on llama farming. Okay? So keep your eye on the new, on the USDA website.


Whenever you see new data on llama farming or mink farming, you're gonna wanna replace your surge protector. So a surge protector, the whole thing, the whole purpose of it, it's gonna save you from overloading of the electrical circuit, right? That's Yes. And that just kind of on its own breaks down sometime between three and five years. If you're at five years, every day is a gift. Your computer is about to explode. Yeah. Wow. I had no idea. And I'm sure I've never done that. A lot of people don't realize you have to replace your plastic cutting boards. Oh God. Every This makes sense to me. I've Been hena How old is your cutting board?


Since I was in college, I should use the same cutting board. Okay. Scale wise, I don't think that actually is that crazy? That's, let's be honest, that's six years maybe. Yeah. That's still okay from the beginning of college. All right. So you, you need to replace your plastic cutting board every two years. Okay. And The best demonic for that is there are 28 Barry Manalow fan clubs in the country. Okay. But every two years, those 28 clubs get together and have a convention which Barry Manalow attends. Really? So keep your eye on that calendar. Whenever the Barry Manalow fan Club convention meets, you're gonna want to throw out your cutting board and get a new one.


Do they have a name like Jimmy Buffett? Fans are called Parrot Heads. I'm looking it up. Looking it up. Yeah, that's right. Oh, okay. Wow. I I'm glad you asked because yeah, fanau, they're called Fanau. I Thought you were about to say like fan. They were called Berry Cudas. Okay, Here's a good one. A lot of people don't realize, and this is serious, you have to replace your sunscreen. Sunscreen goes bad and loses its effectiveness every three years. Okay. So what you want to do to remember that is subscribe to Model Railroader magazine. Okay. And every time Rod Stewart appears on the cover, you're gonna wanna replace your sunscreen because Rod Stewart appears on the cover of Model Railroader Magazine every three years.


Wow. Good for you, rod. That's fantastic. I mean, it's crazy to me that Rod Stewart, the guy who's saying, if you think I'm sexy, is that deep into model railroad cars. Do you not think model railroad cars are sexy? I don't. All right. To each their Own, the rest of that line, if you think I'm sexy, well, that's where you're wrong, bud. All right, Brent, thanks to Ian's hard work. I think we've now saved you and your mouth from any future catastrophes related to your old toothbrush.


Well, that does it for this week's show. What'd you learn, Ian? Well, I Learned that whatever bed a king is sleeping in, by definition, becomes a king-sized bed. So even if it's a, a tiny cot, maybe for some reason he's sleeping in a twin bunk bed. Yeah. That it's, it's like Air Force One, you know, whatever plane the president is on, even if it's not the official Air Force one, if the president of the United States is on a plane, you have to call that Air Force one. It becomes Air Force one. Wow. Let me ask you this question. What if there was a king who was a twin, who had a brother? Does that bed that he's sleeping in, become a twin bed?


If the king sleeps on the floor, does then the entire world become a king sized bed? And then are we as the human race all in bed together? Well, I learned that the queen doesn't have an alarm clock, but instead she has a bagpiper outside her window. Do you think if you had the option for an alarm clock that was a musician playing outside, what, what would you choose? Queen has a bagpiper. What would you have? I think it would be very interesting to wake up to have a harpist out there. Somebody with a harp. Yeah. Because they would make the sound that we typically associate with beginning a dream to wake me up.


So I would lose my grip on reality, because I would never know what was a dream and what was real. Yeah. And I would slowly become disconnected to the rest of humanity. Losing my mind. How to do everything is produced by Hein Seva Technical direction from Lorna White. Our intern is Kelly Cook. Keep smelling Kelly. Get us your questions at how to at NPR dot org. I'm Ian. And I'm Mike. Thanks, Billy.


We have a, we have a verdict. We've, we've gone out into the world. We've got some, we've done some research and we're ready to tell you who's right. You, you or your wife? Well, she's here with me, so. Oh, she is. We'll see how this goes. What's your wife's name? Karen. Karen, Okay. Hi, Karen. Hi. How are y'all? All right. So according to the Royal butler, the proper way to sleep is between the pretties. Yes. So Good. Congratulations, Karen. Yay. And Billy, how do you feel now? I have a feeling there's a little bit of humble pie in my future Future. Well, we, we hope we wish you all many excellent nights of sleep and a peaceful marriage in the future.


Thank You guys. Appreciate it. Bye-bye.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms apply.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency At the NPR Politics podcast. We're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together over on the NPR Politics podcast.