
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey there. Wait, Wait. Listeners, it's Peter. We have a new episode of how to Do Everything hosted by our very own Mike Danforth and Ianello. Today, Mike and Ian recruit some of the biggest names in literature to help a listener with the perfect Christmas present for his wife. Oh, the things we do for love. If you like what you hear on that show, make sure to follow them at their very own feed, but in the meantime, enjoy the latest how to do everything.


It's December and it's cold. Which leads to the question, how do you stay warm, Burn something. Ed I Stone just coached the BYU cross country team to a national championship in freezing cold temperatures. And he has a tip. Yeah, We have a little bit of a hack prior to the start of the race. There's that five minutes where you will strip down, take those sweats off, and you're just standing there shivering in your short shorts and your singlets. So the little hack that we found, and it's very old school, our trainers and coaches will just coat the runner's arms, expose shoulders and legs with a thin little layer of olive oil. Oh, wow. And that tends to give them a little buffer from the cold.


And particularly if it's a windy day and if the temperatures are, you know, freezing, it just kind of bridges that gap until the gun finally sounds and then they are on their way. And is this this like a special sports performance olive oil? Or is this just go to the grocery store? Yeah, no, it's just you, whatever's on sale that day, that particular day or whatever our, whatever our trainer comes back with, you know, comes. And it's interesting though, because I've been contacted from a olive oil company out of New York. I won't give you the brand name because we haven't inked the deal yet, but they, they wanna be our sponsors. So yeah.


Kind of funny, if I were to, if I were to go back and watch this race, the footage, would I say, you know what, BYU looks shinier than all the other runners on the start line? Well, I, I don't know that that would've been that dramatic. I think more than anything, it's interesting because I've got a couple of mechanical engineering majors in my program that actually ran. One was, in particular, they said because of the viscosity of the oil, it can kind of trap a thin layer of air between your skin and the oil itself. So it's kind of multiple layers there. And that, and that provides some insul insulation from the convection of the, that you would normally have from the cold air.


Wait, so Ed, did any of the other teams that were competing that say anything? Did they notice and react? No, and I don't think it's really that unique. I think the older coaches had probably seen it done before and made many of them, if they were runners in a previous life, had may actually experienced. I, I was a runner before going into this coaching gig, and I actually won the NCAA championship back in 1984. So that's, I think that was a 40 year anniversary. Wow. The race was in, in Penn State, and we had a little snow flurries that morning, and my coach had me dawn to olive oil and, you know, I crossed the finish line smelling like a plate of spaghetti or whatever.


Stay greasy Ed. All right. Hey Charlie, what can we help you with? Yeah, so my wife is really good at telling bedtime stories to my boys. Well, just out of nowhere, she'll just kind of make a story and they'll give her really good ideas. And I've tried, I just can't land it. Okay. I am trying to figure out how to kind of write an ending to a bedtime story that I wanna give my wife for Christmas. I've got the story idea that I wrote with my boys, but I, I do not know how to end it.


And every time that they try to help me, it always ends in just like little boy humor about like ghosts or ninjas or zombies or farts. And I'm hoping to get a good ending. A solid ending. That means something. Yeah. If a nja farts on a zombie, that's not the ending you're looking for. That is literally one of the endings. Oh, is it? That my boys made up for this book. Well, what's, can you, can you give us a synopsis of what, what you do have, I guess, of the first couple acts? Sure. It's Bella the umbrella, and she's a happy umbrella who loves being outside and loves stormy skies and rainy days.


But then her family doesn't like the rain, so they go on a vacation and then that's where it kind of diverges. In one version, they go on a vacation to the desert and then she gets lost and then zombies attack. That's what the boys made up. Yep. With that setup, the zombies, it really that it is de sx Mina. I think that's, It's a real twist that that's true. Okay. So Bella, she's an umbrella. She likes the rain. Her family doesn't, they go on vacation. And Is her family also umbrellas, or is it a human family she lives with? Great question. So when I'm writing it out, it's literally just an umbrella with a human family.


But you don't see the humans. Oh, I don't think the humans know the, I I clearly have not thought that through. Well, no. Our job, Charlie, is not to poke holes in the story. Our job is to help you land the plane. And we are here to do that. Yeah. Okay. I think Charlie, I think we can help you. What we're gonna do here is we're gonna go to two of the best selling authors of all time. First up, a writer who's written some incredible endings, incredible twists. Gillian Flynn. Gillian is the author of Gone Girl, sharp Objects, dark Places. So Gillian, you have the story, you've got this umbrella, this family that doesn't want to go outside.


Where, where does this take you? Okay. They don't like going outside is like, they're agoraphobic or they just don't like, Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if it's a pathology, but they, they definitely pre wants to be outside. They don't Just wanted to check for, for plot purposes. And he sort of doesn't know where to begin. Do you, do you begin with an ending or do you begin with something, you know, where, where does it start for you? I never ever begin with an ending. I never know what the ending's gonna be. And personally, I think that's the best way to write. So I think he's onto something right there. I think you start with who your character is. Like, you know, I, I write character based books that happen to be mysteries, but I think the initial conflict is beautiful and it's there, which is Bella, an umbrella obviously needs to get outside.


I mean, that's only to her nature. It's almost cruel to keep an umbrella inside for too long. When you put it that way, it's sort of, it's almost as if Bella is a prisoner in this home and there's something dark about this family actually, It's, it is dark. Yeah. It's like, you know, telling a captain he can't go to sea. I'm sorry, I get seasick. You gotta stay home. But I'm a captain. But no, stay here. So we're moving this from like a children's story now it's maybe become a young adult novel. Maybe. Maybe might be, yeah, I think I would, you know, go with your idea of she's being sort of kept prisoner and here's this family resisting and actually rejecting who she is innately, I mean, that's, that's a horrifying thing that you're trapped with people who really dislike who you are inherently as a umbrella.


And, oh, sorry, I'm from Kansas City. I say umbrella. Umbrella. Yeah. You really do, huh? Umbrella. And you know, does Bella, you know, what do you think? Does Bella start getting a little angry? Is she she's got that pointy end that most umbrellas do. I mean, I don't want to end with something too dark, but you know, she could really hold them by umbrella point and, you know, force them to take her outside. Also, I'm sure Bella is aware that opening an umbrella inside is terrible luck for the humans. I love that She could curse them by just opening herself.


Oh, they have a hu a series of really unlucky and unfortunate events and they can't figure out why it is. And then suddenly they realize, they see the, this umbrella that they've previously neglected in the corner mysteriously opened. I love that. Oh, that's fun. Not entirely holiday spirit. No, I feel like we've lost it completely at this point. Oh, I like it though. I mean, I really do like the idea of her hopping up the stairs one night, or unsuspecting family flapping umbrella arms.


She's like a furious bat and she just takes them by PO points them, you know, at right at the throat, her little pointed umbrella. Yeah. And says, take me outta here. You're getting me outta here. And, and out they go. And then, you know, then maybe they get outside and they're, you know, they sort of see the rain. And if you want a hopeful moment, there's kind of like, well Thank You Bella. You know, you did use force, but ultimately I'm less scared of rain, so I've learned my lesson. But also, you can't have a rainbow without rain. So maybe there's a happy ending that happens where there's a rainbow.


They've never seen a rainbow. 'cause they've never gone out. Yes, they've Never gone out. I do like that. I do like that. And she's like, you know, that goes maybe back if we want them agoraphobic again, that they really never Leave their house. I think umbrellas are like women and erotic thrillers. They're both beautiful and scary at the same time. Remember that, Charlie? What? Okay, now we're gonna move on to our next bestselling author, James Patterson. Oh my God. It's National Public Radio. Is this James Patterson? Am I Being punked? His new book is The House of Cross. It's out now.


Are you Gonna gimme the prompt or did I just rock and roll? I'll, I'll bring you in. Yeah. Okay. James Patterson, you heard what Charlie has. You heard the the beginning? Yeah. And we understand you have taken this on and, and written him some endings. Can you walk us through them? Well, they Just came through, you know, I have this, you know, prolific or prodigious imagination or whatever the heck it is. I call it a sickness. So number one, I want to go with Charlie's kids' ideas. I know he wasn't keen on, but this is called Bella and the farting ninjas. Okay. Oh, perfect. Okay. Bella is on a boat from Japan. She's with her person and she calls her person her hold me. Okay. Ah, and they meet the farting ninjas on board.


Bella thinks they're vulgar, uncivilized, juvenile, and stinky. Of course, months later she's, she's very lonely in New York. She's being kept in an umbrella stand more than she'd like to, and one day her hold me, pulls her out of the stand and outside a New York cop has turned on a fire hydrant in the street. What's this? The farting ninjas are dancing in the hydrant spray. It looks like stinky fun Bella Hener. Hold me, join them. Bella dances with the farting ninjas. Maybe they become briefly hold mes for her life is good, but stinky. Okay. Number two, this takes Place. Well, hold on. That's fantastic. What a beautiful story.


We're Gonna keep going. This, this takes place in Brooklyn number two. Oh, All right. All right. Heavy Accents. Bella, the umbrella and Bella's person, her hold me in this one is Luca. So we got Bella, the umbrella and Luca. Okay. And Luca's grumpy and gloomy because it's a rainy day and they walk the gloomy streets of Brooklyn until they end up in, in Coney Island and they see hundreds of kids there and all the kids to hold mes have umbrellas and they all dance and sing in the rain on the beach at Coney Island. So that's number two in Brooklyn. That's Not, Or number three. Okay. A hundred percent Bellas hold me, dies. A sweet old lady. Beautiful death. Okay. Her time was up. Bella goes to the funeral, she goes with her, her new hold me, the old lady's granddaughter.


She's already liking this. Hold me. So, so much life goes on until, of course, Bella's canopy or metal ribs start to break down. But we won't go into that. Okay. The fourth one, and this is the one I would do as to feature movie. Okay? It's a beautiful rainy day. Bella couldn't be happier. This is heaven for her. Carson trucks are coming by and splashing Bella and her hold me, her hold me is not as happy about this as Bella. Then suddenly out of nowhere a heartbreaker for Bella, the sun is coming out. Oh, blue skies sun. Bella doesn't know what to do, but her hold me heads to the beach. What's this? Suddenly Bella has a new purpose. She's what comes between her hold me and the damaging rays of the sun.


Beautiful. Bella. Just beautiful. Now I'm skipping a few, I'm skipping Bella and the blizzard Bella and the two tsunami and, and Bella and the Deadpool episode. But there's so many ways to take this story. Wow. You know What I'm saying? That's incredible, James. Alright. We, I that's what we do. That's what we do here in the little workshop. Oh my goodness. I understand how you have written more than 200 novels. That is, Yeah. I could write another a hundred about Bella. We could probably do this about Bella. Every, every week we could come on And tell story. Do think we have a series here, The whole Yeah. They, they, the the Deadpool. I I I want to do that one's a tsunami. Big one. Blizzard. Yeah. Big unexpected.


So maybe, maybe we should, well, Charlie now has, Charlie's got a choice. So many rich ideas. Yeah. Alright, Well good for Charlie. Would you ever, like you have worked with some incredible people. You've co-authored books with Dolly Parton, bill Clinton, you're working on, on one with Viola Davis. Yep. Which is, which is great. I love, I love working with her. How does that process work? Just like this? I just do all the work and they, they take credit on their cover. No, really, it, it varies with, with whoever I'm writing with. Would you, do you ever work with, so like Charlie is working on this work. I'm not gonna work with Charlie. No. Okay. So With all due respect, Well James, Thank You so much for helping out.


Yeah, Thank You Charlie. This is great. Okay, we look, yeah, Charlie, good luck and keep coming up with those wonderful ideas and yeah, Stella, the umbrella is her Si her sister, you know. Okay. Be good. If you would like us to answer your question, send it to us at our email address, which is how to@npr.org. It's where we get email from you when you write in to how to@npr.org. And we should say we are coming up hurdling towards the end of this season of how to do everything. Just two episodes after this 1, 2, 2, 2 Episode, two episodes, two Episode.


So if you have a pressing problem, now is the time to get it to us. We will be back for season two. But if, but if your question is urgent, get it to us quickly. Get it to us now and we, we can maybe if oof I think we could prob we could we'll do our best. Your welfare between our seasons, between seasons of this show is not our responsibility as much as we would like it to be. Once again, that email is how to@npr.org,


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR On this week's Wild Card Podcast. Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't quite yet. I Guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him.


I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards control the conversation.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more@inter.com slash NPR.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like npr, a show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


We are still in the midst of our you guys fast. We're attempting to eliminate you guys and hey guys from our vocabularies, all of us here at how to have been failing. It's well, we've had mixed results. Yeah. But I think we've each, yeah. We've each at least had one failure in front of the others. Yeah. Which has been humiliating. And we've gotten several emails from you out there. And here's Alyssa. Alyssa called in with a different take on this whole concept. My thoughts on the you guys fast, I appreciate the good intentions of you guys fact to be more inclusive, but my feeling is that the unintended potential consequences of it may be worse by eliminating you guys from our vocabulary, we reinforce the notion that only male persons can be guys, which could lead to an increase in the use of the traditionally used female equivalent term girls to refer to adult women.


Mm. In my view, any reference of adult women as girls is far more harmful and offensive than being included in you guys, moving you guys to a more gender inclusive term. Sure. Might, may be more helpful. It's a, it's a really interesting point and it, it, it's, we sort of neutralize it by using it more. Yeah, exactly. Is that the solution to this? We kind of hinted at it in the last episode that maybe what we do is we go on you guys fast for 30 days or for a month, and then we follow that up with a, you guys rampage Maybe, maybe that's the solution and see what, what works better. Yeah.


Yeah. Jeff called in with a tip to help eliminate you guys from your vocabulary. Yeah. So I use the text replacement feature on my iPhone, which lets you type in, you know, whatever word or phrase and then it just auto corrects into whatever you want it to be. So yeah, I have guys in there and I have it auto correct to folks. Oh man, that's great. How, how long have you had this set up like this? Probably about three years or So. And how often do you think it auto corrects for you? Well, it's less and less because the, the other great thing is that it, it's kind of like a gentle reminder anytime I do it, it's like having someone, you know, kind of following you around, reminding you.


Yeah. Has it ever, has it ever caused problems? Have you ever written something where you needed it to say, guys? Yes. All of the time, Right? Yeah. So like, you know, like proper names of things is challenging. Like the five guys, I don't know if you have those. Oh Yeah, yeah. I love a Five Folks Burger. Personally. I remember Ian, do you remember when I changed your autocorrect on your phone? So that he is, this is, this is a true story. Jeff. Years ago we learned that you could do this and Ian would sign his emails. I feel like I'm revealing too much. Ian would sign emails.


He would just say Hugs. Ian and I cha I went into his phone and I changed it. So every time it said hugs, it would say, I love you Ian. And did what? Did it ever, it happened once right? Where it almost In my memory. Yeah. You didn't change hugs until I love you. What was it You changed whenever I typed Ian? Well, that does it for today's show. What we learned today, Mike. Well, I learned that next time I have trouble writing something, all I need to do is ask James Patterson. He, he came ready with like five, four or five different ideas there.


I, I like the idea that James Patterson could just help you with anything. Well, like a holiday card, like that's always a tough thing to write. Like that's the kind of thing where I do feel like, yeah. All right, James, what You punch this up, Mike, this is boring about your job. Let's have it where you're kidnapped. How To do everything is produced by Hena Seva with Technical direction from Lorna White. Our intern this week is Suzanne Weiss. Suzanne, look out. There's someone with a plate of very sharp knives behind you. Thanks Suzanne. Thanks for all your hard work. Get us your questions for this season while you still can at how to@npr.org.


That's Ian. And I'm Mike. Thanks.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Spark. Cash plus terms apply


These days. There is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR.