
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey, Wait, Wait. Listeners, it's Peter and I am here with Hena from the How To Do Everything Team. Hello, Hena. Hi, Peter. The last time we were together, I believe we were both sausages at the Milwaukee Brewers Ballpark. Yeah, we were. And you beat me. Well, yes, I beat you. Ian beat me and we were all beaten by that damned hotdog. Oh my God. Who still haunts my dreams, but today that's not what we're doing. I am here to tell you about a new experiment from How to tomorrow. They're gonna be having another study break, and that is when they host a Zoom call with 10, just 10 lucky listeners. And This week they have a very special guest for their study Break.


Hena, do you want to sort of tell everybody who it'll be? Yeah. So This week I'm really excited for this one. We're gonna be joined by Jason Isaacs, the star of The White Lotus AKA Timothy Ratliff. The season finally just dropped this past weekend, and I know that I have a lot of questions. So make sure you come to the study break with the full season watch, because we're definitely gonna talk about spoilers and then We can all hang out together. Can I tell you what I would ask him about if I were there? I would absolutely ask him about Lucius Malfoy because as I'm sure you all know, he plays Lucius Malfoy, dad of Draco Malfoy in the Harry Potter movies. You wanna run something so embarrassing, Peter? What? I didn't figure that out until the season finale. Really? I was watching with my friends and they referred to him as Lucius.


I have no idea, because that's how good Jason Isaacs is at playing multiple Characters. He's a very good actor. People can ask him about Lucius Malfoy. They can ask him about anything they want if they're on the Zoom call. So can you tell people how to do that? Definitely. So check the show notes of this very episode. In your feed, you'll see a link to a Google document. Click that Google document, save it, bookmark it, keep it in your stash. And then tomorrow at 1130 Central, 1230 Eastern, the Zoom link will appear. And if you are one of The first 10 people to click on it, you can join Jason, Mike, Ian, and I, and We can all hang out. Wow. Join us. This will be fun. The How to Guys and Jason Isaacs.


This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card, you earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Spark Cash plus terms apply.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast every morning in under 15 minutes. We cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting ready, making DEO, or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.