
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey guys, it's Peter here to tell you that you are about to listen to yet another episode of How to Do Everything. Our sister podcast from Waitwait producers Mike Danforth and Ian og. It's a very special episode today because they're featuring Secretary of Transportation, Pete Buttigieg. Now, some people credit Pete Buttigieg rise in national politics to his appearance on Wait, Wait, don't tell me in 2017, by some people, I mean me. Now, if you hate hearing this show in the Waitwait Feed, I've got good news for you. Pretty soon it's gonna disappear from here and people will have to go over to its own feed on how to do everything, to listen to how to do everything. And if you love hearing the show, I got great news. It's got its own feed. You don't have to worry about my dumb show. Just go listen to them whenever you want. So enjoy this week's how to do everything.


Election day is just days away. Maybe your mailbox is full of election mailers. Maybe it's even overstuffed with mailers. Maybe, Maybe you're considering just setting fire to your mailbox so you don't have to deal with it. But there's a better way. Douglas Herman is a political strategist. He was lead mail strategist for Barack Obama's presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2012. So Doug, we hear there's a way to cut down on all these mailings. Can you tell us about it? Absolutely. There's a way to do this and it actually works in your interest and in the campaign's interest, I'll tell you how it works. These campaign mailers are expensive and you get on the list by registering to vote and the campaigns are gonna communicate with you because you're a registered voter.


The way in which you can get off the list the quickest and the easiest is to do your homework and vote early. Because when you vote, the campaign's gonna stop talking to you. It's in their interest to stop spending money. So they're gonna wanna not send you any more mailings, just as badly as you don't want to see any more of those mailings. So the bottom line is do your homework and vote early. Wow. So, so it, it both stops me from getting more mail than I want. But if, you know, if I'm passionate about my candidate I'm at, it's kind of like making a donation to them. 'cause they don't have to spend the money to send me something. I'm just gonna recycle.


Absolutely. Because it costs them a lot of money to do that. And they're doing it time and time again. So your little bit is a little personal contribution. That's right. I, I once got a letter from Barack Obama and instead of a stamp, it just had his signature where the stamp would go, because I guess once you've been president, you can just mail things that way. Right. Federal elected officials have, by virtue of their signature, it's called Frank Mail. They're able to send out mail under their signature, basically in, in lieu of a stand. Wait, What's it, what's it called again? Franked Mail. The congressional members use it often.


F-R-A-N-K-E-D Frank. Okay. And they have congressional franking privileges, which is what they're given as part of their office to communicate with their residents, the voters. Can I ask a question, Doug? When else can you use the word Frank as a verb? I've never used it as a verb except in this instance. Wow. I think, Ian, have you ever heard of it? Franking? No. It, The term is congressional franking and there's rules about it. Very clear rules. Congress drives them about how you can use all that stuff. And what it's for can only be done for straight up official purposes. So it would, it would be a campaign finance violation for an incumbent candidate to just sign every election mailer themselves to save their campaign money.


Yes, it would. That's kind of what took Dan Roski down. Okay. He was catching in ster cash. So, wait, so when he's in jail, they could be like, what are you in here for? And he could be like, illegal franking. I franked wrong. Yeah. Doug, do you think that people would pay more attention to these mailers that they got in their mailboxes if maybe they were sticky? You know, folks have said a lot of things about ways to gather more attention and peak more voters' attention. The scratch off. Yeah. The leave an odor doing the lottery. There's been every, every trick in the game has been played. Did you say leave an odor? Yeah.


Let's say you're having a, a, you're trying to say, this guy's spewing Farm Motors for their campaign promises. Wait, But like, are you saying that's something somebody proposed or It's been done. Really? Yep. Well, Doug, Thank You so much for talking this through with us. Thank You. This is how to do everything. I'm Mike and I'm Ian. On today's show, we go to the highest offices of government and ask them for something. But first, Roxanne, what can we help you with? Hi. Yeah. So my toddler is obsessed with Gaston in Beauty and the Beast, and everything is Gaston in our house, but especially the song, and I just get this stuck in my head all the time and I was wondering how we can get a song out of my head.


Hmm. This Is the, like, no one fights like guest on No One Bites like guest on. That's the, that's what we're talking about. Right? That's, that's the song. You had that pretty quick. Ian, is that a song? Are you singing that song in your house? I'll Just be honest. I also have a 4-year-old who is obsessed with this song. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Oh, that's perfect. When you say your toddler is obsessed with guest, Don what's, sorry? What's your child's name? Yeah, his name is Marco. Marco. Okay. Does, does Marco think Gaston is the good guy in Beauty and the Beast? Kind of. I mean, the Beast is bad for a lot of the, the movie.


I don't really think the Arc does the story justice, but yeah, he, he doesn't really understand that guest on is the bad guy. He just likes that guest on jumps off of tables. Oh. And he Always wants to jump off of tables and jump off of roofs. And Is that Marco in the background that we can hear? Yeah. Yeah. Marco, do you wanna say hi? Hi. Hey, how are you? Hey, Marco. I'm good. All right. We should jump in real quick here. There's about to be a spoiler for those of you who haven't seen Beauty in the Beast. Oh, After a while the Beast is bad and, and then, and then he turns into a pimp. Sorry. He turns into a what?


A prince. A prince. Okay. So what can, how, how can we help? What would you like us to resolve for you? So when I'm not listening to Gaston, I don't wanna be repeating the lines in my head all day long. Okay. We have probably listened to it at least 10 times this morning so Far. Is that true? Yeah. Wow. So what can I do to get the song out of my head when it's not being played? Alright. The, the guest on the song, it, it is catchy and with the risk of getting it in your head, those of you listening, let's hear a bit of it. So we all know what we're talking about.


No one, no one's next says Incredibly, but there's no man in town of his. That voice you're hearing there is Josh Gad. Maybe he can help. He's the person who sang the song in the first place. He also is the Star of Frozen in the Book of Mormon. Josh, any advice? Okay, I got, I got a couple of tips here. For starters, I think that you need to take out all speakers from the house immediately. Okay. And then I would just start singing other really catchy melodies.


Maybe do a Taylor Swift, throw in a chaperone, get a little bit of Beyonce in there, and just sort of like, you gotta, you gotta get 'em off descent. I wish I had stronger suggestions. The truth is, is I couldn't get that damn song out of my head. Well, I was gonna ask Yeah, a year you had to rehearse this song to get ready to perform it. Yeah. You were just living with the same problem. I Was literally living with that problem. Unlike Marco, I, I was getting paid to live with a problem. Yeah. So it was slightly better. So, but it was still very problematic. 'cause I would like walk around humming it all the time. But I was, was like, you know, clockwork oring it into my brain just nonstop listening.


And it was, it was tough. Yeah. It's a good song though. So it's like, it could have been worse, could have been like a garbage song that I had to, you know, oh, get that I couldn't get outta my head. And to be clear, not the band garbage, but a song that isn't good cor. Correct. Okay. Not the, not the James Bond garbage theme song from the World is Not Enough. Which one did they do? That's all I remember of Garbage that they, that they randomly did a James Bond song that was like in sandwiched in between Tina Turner. Yeah. And Madonna. That does feel random, doesn't it? When you have that and like Adele is up there. Yeah. Doesn't seem quite right. Yeah. You got Adele.


Yeah. Madonna and Garbage. Yeah. One of these things is not like the others. Well, let me ask, let me ask you, you this, one of These things is literally called Garbage. Well, Josh, let me ask you this then. So, like, Roxanne, an adult, a person who knows how the world works, has agency, is in control of her own life. How did you, like, what were you, what else were you listening to when you also had that song stuck in your head? I, so I, I have a playlist. Okay. That is, you know, I want to tell you it's really diverse and cool, but it's like, here's the sad part that I'll only tell you in all of the listeners to NPR.


Yeah. Is it's, it's s really strictly eighties for the most part. There are exceptions, but it's like an eighties playlist. That's my happy place. Can you pull that up right now? Wherever it is. If it's on Spotify, I, apple Music, I'm doing it. Tell me I'm doing it right Now. What is the first song on that playlist? The top song, oh, we're not Gonna, I'm not gonna Like this game most Recently added. Okay. Well, first song Yeah. Is what have I done to deserve this? An apt question for this conversation by Pep Boys and Dusty Springfield. Oh, that's a good song. Yeah, sure. Now The, the most recent song that I added was Somewhere Only We Know Remastered by Keen.


Oh, I don't know that song. I'm gonna write it down. Yes, you do. Yes You do. Do I know it? It's, it's, it's okay. Oh, Simple thing. Where have you gone? I'm getting old and I need something to rely on. So tell me when you're gonna let me in. Don't you remember that song? It's so good. I think I do remember it. That is, I gotta say that Rendition was fantastic. It was. Thank You. Very high falsetto. Can I ask you this? You have two, you have young kids, right? I Do. When Frozen came out, kids everywhere were talking about it. They were dressing up as Elsa, as Olaf. And for Halloween. Were your kids like, oh yeah, that's my dad.


Oh, it's, it is really interesting. I can vividly remember my oldest was three. My youngest wasn't born yet, but I, I vividly remember taking Ava, my oldest, to go see her first movie in the theater, monsters University. And they showed a teaser, a teaser trailer for Frozen. And it was just alt it was original animation that was done exclusively for the trailer. And it was just Olaf. And he didn't have any lines. He just laughed. And my daughter immediately recognized my laugh and she goes, data, more data. And I started bawling. You love me. You love me.


Oh, that's terrific. Well, Josh, Thank You so much for helping Roxanne and Marco. My pleasure. Do you know what's really unfortunate about what you just said is now I have the song Roxanne stuck in my head. I know that it couldn't be avoided, but so you've now infected me with the same purse. Wow. Oh my gosh. It's Revenge. This is, yeah. Maybe that's, maybe that will be Roxanne's solution. Maybe that will be like the, the trigger that we can plant in her brain that will jar it loose then jar it Gaston loose. Roxanne. Yeah. She's So turn off Gaston. No. Yeah.


If at this point Roxanne or anybody out there, if you still have a song in your head, there is a, a way to get it out. Dr. Phillip Beaman from the University of Redding in the UK has studied this. Dr. Beaman, you have figured out that actually Chewing gum will help get a song out of your head. Can you tell us about it? Okay, so I've got a, a friend and colleague who'd done some things on chewing gum and short term memory. And he discovered that chewing gum is actually not good for your short-term memory or verbal short-term memory. And that makes a lot of sense actually, because when you're trying to remember things, you're repeating them to yourself normally.


So my reasoning was that if you've got a song stuck in your head, then whether you're intending to or not, what you're really doing is singing it to yourself. So if you then interfere with people's ability to sing to themselves by getting them to do something else, and especially something else to do with the, the lower part of their face that they would normally be using for planning movements to sing, then that should interfere. So basically if you keep the singing parts of the face busy doing something else, which is chewing gum, you're less likely to ha have the song stuck in your head.


Yeah. I mean, of course it's not really the chewing parts of the face, it's really the brain regions that are controlling the chewing parts of the, the, the face that, that you're keeping busy. That's amazing. Well, Thank You so much for talking to us about this. Oh, are you Welcome. If you have a question you'd like us to answer, go ahead and send it to us. Send it to our email at how to@npr.org. Maybe you have a question about Halloween or another upcoming holiday. There are many, I won't name them all, but if you have a question about a holiday coming in the next six to 18 months, send it to us and we will answer it for you as best we can.


Once again, that email address, no matter what this season is, how to@npr.org,


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the Best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast. From NPR,


Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in. We're a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter. She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


I had this idea, Mike and I work in two different time zones. We both are producers on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. And we work with producers in three time zones. Sometimes four, occasionally even five time zones. As you might expect, scheduling meetings is annoying. So I was thinking, wouldn't it be easier if we had our own time zone? So I could just be like, let's have a meeting at noon. Wait, Wait time. And that would be that This sounds like a crazy idea, but we wanna see if it's possible. The person in charge of time zones is the Secretary of Transportation.


Pete Buttigieg, you're in charge of time zones, right? True. Yeah. So can can you help us out? So the answer is probably no. However, I should point out that we, we administered the time zones, but a lot of it actually comes through the states. And I, I know a lot about this from lived experience because I grew up in the state of Indiana at a time when we didn't do daylight savings time. So in the, in the summer we were central and in the winter we were eastern. Right. We just never changed our clocks, which was perfectly fine by most of us. But then there was a change in leadership. The governor wanted to make sure we were like the rest of the country except Arizona, I think, which was the same.


Yeah. And then we started to have a big debate over which time zone we would be in. 'cause if we're gonna permanently be in one time zone, which one are you gonna do? And for about two years there was a kind of a rebellion where counties had their own individual preferences over time zones. I remember I was volunteering on a campaign at the time and I showed up. I, I looked up online the, the time zone of the county that I had been asked to deliver some, some items to before a parade. Made sure I was half an hour early, got there clearly was half an hour late. Oh man, when did the nearest government building I could find, which was the library, and said, what time is it? And she kinda laughed at me and I said, no, really?


What time is it? And she pointed to a two clocks on the wall behind her, one of which said central time and the other said commerce time, which is what they called it around there. Wow. If you weren't on the, the official federal time, they also sometimes called it fast time and slow time. And then she started explaining. She said, now if, if you go to Walgreens, they're gonna run on, on on central time. But if you go to the, the corner drug store on Maine, you know Billy never did like the governor. So they're sticking with cops time. It just, that's kind how it works. Secretary, are you just filibustering and it so that you don't have to give us a time zone. I'll tell you this, be glad that you're only dealing with four or five time zones.


See, the reason our department, the Department of Transportation has some jurisdiction on time zones is because obviously it's very important for transportation that everybody be able to agree what places. At one time before the railroads, it was commonplace to have hundreds of different kind of micro time zones around the country. Like an individual state might have dozens of different local times in different places. 'cause you know, you went by the sun, like you didn't, you weren't sinking to an atomic clock. It didn't particularly matter. Right. And then it was because of the railroads that they came up with this kind of system of the four different zones. Wow. So if it's any consolation, if you don't get to have your personal time zone, which I can tell you from experience may cut both ways.


Yeah. The point is, the point is no, you can't have your own time zone just because you Asked, Can I ask, when have you gotten as Secretary of Transportation? Have you gotten a speeding ticket since you've held this position? I have not since I held this position. Has any other buttigieg gotten a speeding ticket? Ooh, I can't remember if that's happened to Chasta or not since I got this job. I'll plead ignorance. Yeah. I wonder if, if it were to happen as secretary of of transportation, do you get ex like are you exempt from that? Can you decide at that moment what the speed limit is?


That'd be a bad look. You know, you know, there's a story of Ulysses Grant was pulled over while president, he was speeding in his carriage. And Really? Yeah, I I I think they booked him and, and he had to pay a fine, you know, he paid up. He, he like did the right thing. So if that were to happen, you definitely would not be a good look for me to do anything but the right thing there. But I will say, Chasin his joke that I should carry around like a notepad of little citations. If we see like whenever we're like walking and we see somebody like going right over a stop bar and, and stopping in the wrong part of an intersection or just generally being a bad driver that I can just, I can just peel off my post-it and just say, as your secretary, I need to let you know that you are being a bad driver.


Right. I do feel the temptation sometimes. Well, that does it for this week's show. What'd you learn, Ian? I learned that when you vote early, you actually stop the election mailers from coming to your house. And and also you help your candidate. You're saving them money. Yeah. Is there somebody out there who absolutely loves, loves like cardboard photos of politicians and this would be the greatest season ever for them because every day they go to their mailbox and they get a new prize.


All you have to do to get pictures of a person you like or a person you don't like is remove yourself from participation in America's democratic process. This is also an easy way to wallpaper a small room in your house. Yeah, no, we, we've redecorated the bathroom and now we're going with a Jill Stein theme, How to Do Everything. It is produced by Heena Srivastava. Our intern is Khan 7 8 6 Khan. Sir, this is what, this is Technical direction from. Lorna White. If you have any questions, you can send them to us at how to at NPR dot org.


I'm Ian. And I'm Mike. Thanks. But you know what, Ian, no one thinks like Guan Every time we mention the segment, which we worked hard to produce to help Roxanne. Every time we mention that segment, we undo the hard work we did. But here's the truth. No one produces segments like Guan. We apologize Roxanne. You're welcome, Marco.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit. So the card purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling the Venture X business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash venture X business.


Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like npr, a show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.