
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey guys, it's Peter, and you are about to hear the latest episode of How To Do Everything By Wait. Producers Mike Danforth and Ian Chillo this week, they talk to Tom Hanks and about Monkey Butts, but they do not talk to Tom Hanks about Monkey Butts. And hey, this is something for the obsessive how to do everything. Fans that are upset that in order to get the episodes of their favorite podcast, they have to endure this weekly news quiz thing that keeps polluting the feed. While I am so happy to tell you guys that you don't have to put up with it anymore because how to Do Everything Now has its own feed. You can find it in your favorite podcast app and listen to it without being afraid that somehow your enjoyment will be ruined by hearing my voice. Except of course, when the guys, Mike and Ian ask me to endure something repulsive to capture my reaction, which is a thing they like to do. So every week, Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me will be right here on the Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me Feed. And also every week, how to do everything with a new episode every week and archives over on the how to Do Everything. Feed Ain't Life Grand.


It is film festival season, and all reports say that standing ovations are out of control. The room next door filmed by Pedro Almodovar got 18 minutes at Venice last week. How do you handle that if you're the one everybody's clapping for Tom Hanks, you've experienced this, right? I think you got a 12 minute standing ovation for Elvis. Yeah, yeah, I do. Yeah, yeah. Well, that was at Can Okay, lemme tell you a story, please. Okay. We went a little jaded show business story. Okay. The first time I went to Can was many years ago, I was with a film by the Cohen Brothers called The Lady Killers.


Okay. Joel and Ethan are highly revered filmmakers in France. Sure. It was a marvelous movie, had a great time doing it, and it did absolutely no business in the United States of America. I mean, you're talking literally, literally all. But no, and that happens sometimes. Okay. That's fair enough. But that was the first movie I ever went to camp with Can to went with to Can now, because it was the Cohen Brothers, I'm gonna say we got probably an 11 minutes standing ovation after the end of the screening. Wow. In the, in the Grand and the Grand Pal. And it was a whole bit, man, the limousines and the red carpet and the screaming fans and the photographers and the, the swooping television coverage as you're walking up the grand staircase, the tuxedos, the whole bit.


And the movie played marvelously well and received a lengthy, I'm gonna, I'm gonna give me 11 minutes here. Yeah. It was Got it. It was about that long of a standing ovation. Yeah. To, to a movie that did absolutely no business in the, the second time I went to camp was with the Da Vinci Code. Okay. We Went there, we promoted the movie by getting on a special train in London, and we came through the tunnel. We, we blew across France doing press all the way we arrived. It was the big deal and had the same thing, limousines, red carpet, screaming fans.


The, that didn't, that not only did not get a standing ovation, but by the time the movie had finished playing, I'm gonna say two thirds of the audience had left. Really? And so as the score was playing over the, the closing credits, you actually heard the sound of the seats folding up as the last few few people went on that and that movie went on worldwide to make about a billion dollars. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, so there you have yin and yang of what a standing o Ovation 10 is. So, so you're there, you're, the movies ended, whether or not it's Elvis or the Lady Killers, what do you do for 11 minutes?


You stand there. That's, there's nothing else to do. But I guess like everybody's looking at you, they wanna see how you're reacting. Do you have to think about, like, do you go through all the faces you have? What do you, what's going through your mind? Well, I've only got two faces. You know, one's the honest one and one's the liar. So you go back and forth between those two. You know what you do, you, you know, you nod your head Yeah. A lot. You, you look around, you turn around and look at the, you know, you wave and nod your heads, Thank You to the Yeah. To the balconies that are above you. And they're, by the way, they're not moving either. They're all standing there looking, looking down at you. Wow. Is there a point where you start wanting it to end when it's going on that long?


Or do you, is it just like, I love it. No, it's honestly, three minutes. Thank You. Let's, let's keep, let's keep going. Look, I mean, it's, it's, it's nice. Sure. You know, the attention is great, but after a while that, that much attention is, you know, look, I gotta tell you, it comes at the end of an exhausting experience. Yeah. It, it takes an hour and a half just to get from the limousine, the car up to the stairs, you know, and then it takes about another 45 minutes to get from the stairs to your seat, and then it takes another 20 minutes for the movie to begin there. So it's a, it's a, you know, you, you've been on your feet getting ready for this thing for the better part of six hours.


Would you ever consider wearing sensible shoes, knowing you're gonna be on your feet for 11 minutes, maybe? Compression socks? Oh, I have, oh, believe me. Yeah. There's a, there's a whole sensibility that goes along with that. I know there's some women who make sure they wear long enough flowing gowns so that they do not have to have crippling shoes on their feet. Really? Oh. So they can have something, they can have something sensible underneath there. Yeah. You know, what we should do is we should make this episode exactly the same length as the, the longest standing ovation there is.


So that, just so, so all of us can experience what that span of time Is like. So we can imagine standing up and clapping for the entire length of this podcast. Yeah. So, looking it up here, Pan's Labyrinth holds the record. They got 22 minutes at at Can, 22 minutes Con. Alright. We're at minute five right now of this podcast. It's gonna be a great 17 remaining minutes. This is how to do everything. I'm Ian, and I'm Mike on today's show, how To Tell Chimpanzees Apart. But first, Phil, what can we help you with? Yeah, I was, the other day, I was driving down the interstate and I saw a sign for a world famous jbs, world famous foot, long hot dogs in Stateville, North Carolina.


And I, and I've been to JBS probably 30 years ago. I don't, I don't remember at that time whether they achieved world fame or not, but they, they were good hotdog. But it just got me wondering, how do you, how do you become world famous and how do you validate that, that claim to fame? Yeah. I wonder if, I wonder if the way to do it would be to find the city that is, or the town that is the furthest from the town where the establishment is on the opposite side of the earth. Yeah. Find the closest place with any people to that point. Call them up and ask, have you heard of this place?


Have you heard of these hot dogs? And if they say yes, I feel like you can legitimately say you are world famous. I Think you're onto something. What is the name of the, the town that this place is in? It's the one Statesville, North Carolina. Okay. Statesville, North Carolina. Okay. All right, Phil, we're gonna dig into this and we'll get back to You. Thank You both. And again, welcome back. So glad to have you on the air. Hey there. Can you, can you first identify yourself for us? Sure. I can. My name's David Gonzalez. You can call me David. I'm one of the elected counselors at the City of Perth. What time is it, David?


You don't want to know? It's, yeah, it's about 3:00 AM. 3:00 AM Oh my gosh. You caught me at a very interesting time because I'll be, I'll actually be attending a conference in the US and I was literally preparing for that. Oh, okay. Well, it's either that or you're a vampire. So I feel like this is of the two, this is the right, this is better for us. Yeah. Yeah. So the reason we're calling, we spoke to a business here in the United States. They are located, they're the antipathy of Perth Australia. They are on the opposite side of the earth of Perth, and they claim to be world famous. So we figure if that is true, you as a representative of the city of Perth would've heard of them.


Hopefully. Yeah. Okay. Have you heard of j B's Hot Dogs in Statesville, North Carolina? No, I don't think so. No. Oh, shoot. Have you heard of Statesville, North Carolina? Have you heard of North Carolina? I've heard of North Carolina. Okay. I didn't realize it was the exact opposite end. There's a little bit of wiggle room. You, you are the closest city with a hundred thousand people or more to the antipathy of, of Statesville. Yeah. Oh, that makes sense. Yeah. David, do you like hot dogs And you Yeah, I guess so. In New York or somewhere.


Sure. Where you can kind of get the craving for that. Otherwise, I don't, otherwise, probably not. Can I ask this as a question? There's a lot of Australian slang for things. That is fantastic. What do you call hot dogs in Australia? Oh, I'm just, actually there is, there's a, you'd get your sausage roll, A sausage roll, you Get your sausage roll when you, when you go to vote. So on election day, it's a bit of a tradition here in Australia to get your sausage roll on when you go to vote. Really? And that's usually part of the kind of community tradition outside polling booths. Wow. Okay. And what's voter turnout like? 'cause it feels like that would help.


It does help, but it also helps that voting in Australia's compulsory. So what's better than having a hot dog in your hand and then going to determine the future of your country? I feel like I am always skeptical when I see world famous. We should just, I think, why don't we just call, find a bunch of places that claim to be world famous and see if they, they actually have a legitimate reason. Yeah. Thank You for calling F Fred's. Our business hours are nine 30 to 4 37 days a week.


Hello. Welcome to the world famous clown Motel Tone. Pawn Nevada USA. Thank You for calling World Famous. This is Taylor. How can I help you? Can you tell me when you guys became world famous? So we've been world famous for over 50 years, but I think it's been like around 30 years that we were in this location. And what happened that made you world famous? I'm not sure. World famous monkey. How help you, Can you tell me how you became world famous? I don't know. Hello, Famous lunch. Can I ask you, at what point did you become world famous?


Well, shortly after World War ii, a local was stationed over in Russia and he missed his, his Troy hot dogs. Okay. So what he did is they got together and they packaged a bunch of hot dogs up in dry ice, and they sent it overseas to her. So we became from Famous Lunch to World Famous Lunch. Wow. Thanks for calling the barbershop. This is Josh. Hey Josh. Can you tell me when you guys became world famous, I think it was in 1964, he was born and John became one of the most famous barbers out the womb. What happened that made him so famous? So I believe it, it started around the first time he discovered he can rip a phone book in half.


What? So he was the first one to rip a phone book in half, and then he was arm wrestler, and he would challenge all the clients to arm wrestle, and he became real famous like that. Wow. Is he still around? Yeah. And is he still cutting hair? Does he cut your hair? Oh Yeah. Oh my gosh. Have you ever arm wrestled Barbara, John? No, not at all. But you're welcome to try Mike. I have to say at this point, I, I personally am surprised how many of these places actually have a legitimate claim to world fame.


Yeah. I went, I went into this believing that none of these places, or no one is actually world famous. And I think my takeaway so far is that I need to be more trusting and that people are good, people are honest. The problem is with us. We are too cynical. And maybe if we believed in, in world fame, maybe the world could heal. All right. I think, I think it's time. Let's do this. Let's call jbs in Statesville and see if, see if they truly are world famous. I can't tell you how much I need this. Thank You for calling JB Hey, can I ask you a quick question about your store?


Yes. Can you tell me how you guys became world famous? Well, I've been here 42 years, and I've just had people from all over the world come in here to eat. I'm not saying every country. Yeah. But a lot of people. What is it about your hot dogs that brings, brings people from all over the world? Well, What it is, is we use our hot dogs, especially made for us. They have no filler. They have no internal organs in them whatsoever. They're, they're whole meat. Oh, Wow. I, I imagine people from around, you know, hot dogs are, they're such an American thing. I imagine a lot of people that are visiting your place from other countries, it might be the first and only hot dog they've ever had.


Could be. Well, I'm just happy to be where I am, bud. All right, sir. You Know, Thank You, sir. Thank You very Much. All right. I think let's, let's see where we're at in this, this standing ovation clock. So we're now 14 minutes into this standing ovation. Imagine you've been standing and clapping since you first heard Tom Hanks. Or Baby You, you misunderstood what we were doing here, and you have actually been standing and clapping while listening to this podcast the entire time. Which case, Thank You first, but also we're sorry. And please sit down, but keep


clapping. This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney Plus season one of, and or had critics calling it the Best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, from A quality standpoint, is the best in the World. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's Very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart, don't worry about It. Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you.


Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


This message comes from Instacart. If you don't know about flyer deals on Instacart, they're like strolling through your favorite store looking for deals, but you're scrolling your phone and maybe you're in bed. Because getting delivery doesn't mean you have to miss deals like you'd get at the store. Like the one creamer that doesn't make your stomach hurt, or the pasta sauce you can't not buy when it's on sale. So download the Instacart app, shop flyers and never miss a deal on one of your favorites. Plus get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR, a show that focuses not on the important, but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals and ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to Nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called, wherever you get your podcasts. So Ian, you and I are both humans. We're human beings. Oh, Thank you. And we recognize each other by our faces. Dr. Mariska Kret has been researching how chimpanzees recognize each other.


Dr. Kret, can you tell us about that? Yeah, sure. So in our experiments, we found that chimpanzees are really good at recognizing each other from their behinds, From their, from their butts. From their butts. Yeah. They have a, a very fast butts recognition system. Yeah. So we humans, we are very good at recognizing each other by the face. We recognize each other instantly. And chimpanzees also have that when they are looking at other chimpanzees, buts, could it, sorry, I can't say the word, but anymore. Yeah, it's Okay. And humans do not have this ability.


No. Humans to your knowledge, cannot recognize each other by their butts. No, no, no. They don't have that very fast recognition system. So I imagine for your research, you would've had to test your human subjects Exactly. To see if they had the butt recognition ability or not. Yes. Actually we tested, yeah. Chimpanzees and human participants. So we presented them different pictures of faces and behind, and some control images. Wow. To have to indicate which one matched the one that they saw before. But you did this with with butts too, right? Yes, exactly. Yeah.


So for the humans, how many butts would a, a human subject look at for you to be able to determine what you needed to know? Oh, they saw a lot of butts. Not that many different ones, actually. Because I also had to collect those photographs. Right. So, Oh, sure. Wait, the, these images, the buts, was it stock photos or was it other people? You know, were you taking pictures of, of buts You really want to know. I do. Oh, okay. So of course I needed to have at least three.


Right? Because in a match or to sample task, you have one, but of person A, and then another picture of the, of the same, but person A and a person B. Oh, okay. So I had to have three buts, so I asked two of my best friends. Wow, Okay. And the, the remaining, but wa was you And the remaining buts. But yes, nobody ever asked this question. So you can, you can, you can ask yourself who's crazier.


What did you tell your friends they were giving those pictures up for? Did they know? Yeah, Of course. They know. Okay. Yeah. For the science. For the science. Everything. For the science, right? Yeah. Well, Dr. Kret, this has been fascinating. Thank You so much. And Thank You for all you've done, and we do mean all you've done for science. Yes. Thank You. Well, that does it for this week's show. What'd you learn, Ian? I do wonder. I think there are people who are good recognizing faces. Yeah. And there are people who are not, I wonder if the same is true with chimpanzees.


Are there just, are there chimpanzees who find themselves? I'm so sorry. I'm really bad with butts. Oh, yeah. Did we, have we met? Have we met Before? I have to confess, I'm a little butt blind. What did you learn today, Mike? Well, I Learned that a lot of the places that say they're world famous actually are world famous. Yeah. The thing that, that I would worry about though, is a place that's infamous. I don't want to eat an infamous hotdog. No hotdog should have a reputation for infamy. It's certainly not international infamy. How did you become infamous? Well, I, I don't wanna say a lot, but it was before the Muck Maneuver was invented.


How to do everything is produced by heinous Seva, technical direction, by Lorna White. Our intern is Sadie Puente. Sadie, Thank You for all that you did this week. We wish you the best of luck and the best of gum health in your family. You know what? We still got a few more minutes in this standing ovation. Wait, where are we at? 20, 20 minutes. Hanks, are you still here? Man, this is like, this is like back during the Soviet Union when you, you weren't allowed to stop clapping, you know, for whoever was running the country else, you'd be sent to a gulag. Yeah.


It wasn't safe. Gotta keep, Keep, keep, keep, keep clapping, keep smiling, everybody. Keep waving. Wave. Wave and smile. Wave and smile. Tom, if you're in this situation, at what point do you turn and clap for the audience to acknowledge their effort here? Oh, that's a good move. Yeah. Oh, By, by by minute 19. You've done that three or four times. Oh, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think we've pretty much done it.


We together, Tom, Mike, we have endured 22 minutes of this episode. Tom, you've been through this before, but if, if I may, I'm going to, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna do it right now Where I'm up here. Oh, look at that. Oh, he is standing. Oh, wow. I'm gonna stand. Thank You. Hey, you guys are great. I'm applauding you. Wait, w don't you need to stand up at some point because you wanna acknowledge us? Oh, yeah. I, I, yeah, because you do have to stand. So, all right. I'm standing two. Yeah, man. What a podcast. What a podcast. Thank You, man. Oh man. These guys, I've seen good podcasts, but these two guys, yeah, Del Toro would not have as good a podcast as my good friends.


Mike and Ian, Thank You so much. Thank You. Thank You, Tom. What an honor. You're welcome, guys. All right. Good luck with it all.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Spark Cash plus terms apply.