
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hello and welcome to our third dispatch from the Democratic National Convention in Chicago. Peter, Emma, how you doing? I'm, I'm feeling absolutely energized because I left early and got some sleep last night. Yes. Mainly that was the secret. Yeah. It's not a restful time. No. DNC. I'm so tired. Me Too. And I heard like Terry McAuliffe, the old DNC chair and the Governor of Virginia, he's out like every morning till 3:00 AM And I'm like, how can he do that? Brag. He's older than I am and I cannot make it. We're at the DNC and there are so many people going on tv. There are these places where, you know, that are set up for the major TV studios.


There are people who are doing things for their own channels. And Emma, you, as I understand, infiltrated yesterday, the area where people are getting their makeup. Yeah. It's so weird. It's Media Row and NPR, you know, the classical expression got a face for radio, so It's kind of weird. No one's ever said that to me, Emma. I don't know why you need bring It up. You're so beautiful, Peter. Yes. No, because I, it's like all these radio hosts are getting their makeup done because I think NPR is like filming A lot of the interviews now are broadcasting it too. But yeah, it's just like a booth in the middle of the floor where these people are getting their makeup done.


Media row, just as a term. There's something very intimidating. Like there's, Yeah. What's your last meal on Media Row? Yeah. Yeah. He's, that guy's been on Media Row for decades now, waiting for his appeals. Emma, you talked to one of the makeup artists. Hannah Marie, she's a makeup artist, contracted through NPR. So we used her for the RNC too. So you work with a lot of NPR hosts, right? Yes. So what do NPR hosts usually ask for? They ask for more natural looking makeup, and I can kind of tell, like, I got their pictures sent to me so I could kind of tell the vibe already that they weren't gonna want a lot of makeup, just them, but a little bit enhanced.


I caught up with Osma Hol and Osma was getting ready for, I guess it was some kind of live broadcast. But it's fun because Osma likes getting her makeup done. So I just kind of like asked them questions while she was getting her her stuff done. What's, have you ever been told, do you have a face for radio? A face for radio? I have not been told that. And I wanna take that, I guess is a good sign. I don't Know. I think it's a good sign. Do you normally wear makeup often? I am wearing zero makeup right now. Natural Queens? Yeah. I tend to wear makeup if I have to go to the White House. 'cause I televise those briefings, you know. What's Your White House makeup routine? My White House makeup routine.


Oh gosh, guys, now y'all gonna look. So I, I wear like a heavier foundation if I know that the, that the briefings are gonna be televised sometimes, because I do think, you know, I think you want to appear in a positive light. So when You're recording from home, like what Do You, what's your makeup routine? We got for like Morning Edition Up First. Okay. My morning edition Up. First routine is set five alarms between, we had a four 30 and 4 45. Oh. That's to ensure I wake up, roll out bed. And the sad reality is, look, I love my family, but my husband is like one of those people who cannot fall back to bed if he hears alarms.


So I sleep on the couch usually if I'm doing Morning Edition so that I don't wake up the whole family and yeah, roll off the sofa, maybe put a robe on top of my pajamas. I'm sorry. I know we're supposed to be talking about the DC, she said she sleeps on the couch. Yeah, when she does Morning edition. So she doesn't wake her family That it's just crazy. And she, she says she doesn't do any makeup. She throws her glasses on and then she just does it. I Feel like if that were bosses at NPR are listening, we have to, can you just send some melatonin over something to this household? Wait, it looks like we're making good progress. Yes, we are almost finished.


We have the brows to do the mascara and then my favorite part, the list. So, so you mentioned thinking for the list, you, you mentioned Emma, that this person, Hannah. Hannah, she was NPR, hired her to do makeup at the DNC and the, she was also the person at the RNC. Yeah. Yeah. Hannah, what do you think, do you think the makeup was, was different at the RNC and the DNC? Yeah, I would. There was a lot more makeup being worn at the RNC for sure. And even like I saw like pageant girls walking around. Yeah, they were, they were all dolled up. What do you think the vibe is here at the DNC? It's a lot more, maybe a little more basic.


Just, Peter, can I ask you a sensitive question? Yeah. When have you ever held back? Go for it. You've done, you're, you're a radio guy. Yes. For the most part. But you have done tv. I've seen you on CNN. You look great. Thank You. Again, sensitive question, but I amm, genuinely curious. Do they put makeup on top of your head? Yes. Like half a pound of powder, just all the way back, because they have to powder the top of my head. Otherwise the glare will back, will actually burn out the camera lens. And so yes, I They Make your head matte? Yes. A matte finish. They pretty much do. And I end up every, I do occasional TV appearances and I end each one in a bathroom scrubbing my entire head and ruining multiple towels with all the powder that has to come off.


That's true. So I, I found one thing about the DNC, but I will just say I am a, I am a fan of track and field, international track and field, that that is the sport that I follow. And there is something so fun about going to, like, I went to the world championships a few years ago and versus being like an NBA fan or an NFL fan, there's something so fun about being a track fan because you are literally next to you. You are just walking around and the people who are the best in the world, the people who are famous in this context are like in front of you in line at the concession stand.


Is this because No, no one else goes to track meets. That's exactly what it's because nobody Cares. They exist in the context. Peter. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. The elbow rubbing equivalent. It would just be like if you were an NBA fan and then when you were on your way home, LeBron James was standing there and was like, do you wanna share a cab? Like that's the kind of thing that happens at track meets. And I, I love that feeling. It, it feels very familial. And I've the same feeling at the DNC, like if you are a fan of politics and government, everywhere we walk, we're just walking, we're in security behind David Axelrod. And then two seconds later, Emma and I walk by Al Sharpton and we're like, yes, tugging each other's sleeves.


Al Sharpton, Al Sharpton. And then like Chris Cuomo walks by. I thought it was John Cena at first, but you're right, it Was, but it doesn't make any sense. It was Chris Cu I happen, I happen to find myself standing next to Chris Cuomo on the convention floor, and I thought of that. And he doesn't look anything like John Cena. I guess they both work out. They do. There was one point on the NPR Slack. We got a message. Michael Cohen is by the hotdog stand. Yeah. Which is not something, I mean, it's like a Mad Libs. It's like, It is like a Mad Libs insert minor political celebrity locale. Well, something I've loved this week is that I've been pushed aside by so many powerful female politicians, security groups. Like on the way here, I ran into a OC and I was holding a bunch of maul lattes and her greeting to people was like, get outta the way, get outta the way.


And it was only me on the sidewalk. They were talking to me and I was like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. And then I like run and then a o C's behind me and I'm like, what? And then yesterday I was making my way through press row and then someone was like, ma'am, I I gotta ask you to wait here. And I'm like, what the heck? And then Gretchen Whitmer is right there and then there it's a very narrow hallway. But then she's like, GLING or whatever. And I'm just like, I I gotta get through. I'm so sorry g you know, it's crazy. I, I got in a situation I've, I I've never been in before and I think I'll never be in again where I was at a urinal and I had the thought, you know, my peripheral vision, am I peeing next to Alaska Governor Mike Dunleavy right now?


Were you Well, I didn't wanna turn my head, but, well obviously I might have, I might have been. Peter, you got to talk to one of the celebrities. Yes, yes. I realized Later on, at, at a certain point, point of our experience, wait a minute, we work for NPR, we can actually talk to these people. And, and I knew I'd have one chance, so I asked to speak to Jasmine Crockett. Yeah. She's the congresswoman from Texas, and she went viral with this moment she had with Marjorie Taylor Greene. What happened was, is that a hearing Representative Green had insulted her appearance and due to circumstances that aren't worth getting into, she had a chance to respond.


And she called Representative Green, she referred to her as a bleach blonde, bad built butch body. Oh, that's the one. That's the one. It went in a hugely viral moment. So much so that when I met Representative Crockett yesterday. Oh yes. Hello. Hi, nice to meet You. Thank You so much for being to do this. Absolutely. Oh my gosh. Oh, you okay? Oh, these chairs are Awesome. It it actually sabotaged me. She was wearing a t-shirt with that phrase on it. Oh my God. You have a T-shirt? I do. And I went to the trouble of making sure that I got the language right. So, well, you'll be able to read off my shirt if you, if you have a problem. Well, let me just, such a bold move to wear a piece of your own me.


It is pretty cool. And she said that she and her staff refer to that moment, that incident as B six B six, is that what we call it? B six and B six stands for the six Bs? Yes. In the phrase Yes. The famous phrase. Yes. And, and when you talk about B six, you're talking about the phenomenon like, oh, before B six they wouldn't have gotten me a reservation at this restaurant. Is that what you mean? Sure. We can use it as that. Yeah. Okay. We're we're recording this before Emma. You're gonna, you're gonna go in and watch the final, final night. So yeah. So the rest of us have to do this radio show this, this will probably appear in your ears after Kamala Harris's acceptance speech, which I am, I am missing because our executive producer who directs Wait, Wait, don't tell me which Peter host has come down with COVID.


And so I was supposed to go watch a historic moment tonight. Instead I'm going to, I am gonna be telling Peter we need that limerick again. Yeah. And so I did actually, I emailed Mike's supervisor at NPR this morning. I'm just gonna bring Colin, bring this up, Colin. Yeah. Can I also just say you were disappointed when you found out you had to miss Kamala Harris' speech. You were more devastated when you realized you might be missing Beyonce. Yeah. There's been a rumor that there will be surprise Beyonce by the time you out there are hearing this, you'll know whether or not it happened. But I did, I wanted to email Colin. I said, I just need to know if Beyonce shows up tonight, and I miss it because I'm directing Waitwait, do I have your permission as my supervisor, his supervisor to murder Mike Danforth.


And Colin, to his credit, wrote back murdering Mike gets you a bonus whenever you choose to do it. A Grateful Nation will Thank You for your service. So that's, that's the sort of support that's producers at NPR get. Oh, my boss is my enemy, but my boss's boss is my friend. So this, this, this may have been it for our DNC dispatches and it's been such a great journey watching, watching this with both of you. It's been pretty fabulous. Emma Choi, It's been, I feel like we have bonded and we now share memories together that we can never separate from each other. Yeah, I Know we'll all have been. Let's meet here four years from this day, which would also probably be, And if we're not married by then, I know


This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card, you earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Spark cash plus terms apply.