
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Okay. There is the official music that we downloaded royalty free. We are once again at the DNC in Chicago. This is our second dispatch. How's everybody's DNC step count looking? Mine was excellent. Just, just, just because I Well, got lost. That'll Do it. You did. I did in fact get lost. I, I actually ended up, and I should say the United Center is of course an arena, meaning that it's sort of oval shaped. Yeah. And it's symmetrical on all axes almost. Right. So at one point I was desperately trying to find the NPR booth, and I realized I couldn't find it.


And I was like, why can't I find it? Why did they hide it? I was here the night before and I realized I was literally on the other side of the building from That's tough. From where it was you as far as possible from you could be. Exactly. And still be inside the building. It was, well, I, I guess technically in three dimensions I could have been in the basement. I was at least on the right level. Speaking of the United Center, yes, there's something that happened yesterday. Imagine that you are in the United Center, which is, you know, it is a profe, it is a NBA arena and an NHL arena. It has a capacity of 25, 20 3000 people, something like that. It's full. And everybody is so excited. They have traveled from all across the country, all these territories to fill this place.


The energy is amazing. Everybody just wants to party. There's music playing. The vibe is really good. And then at a certain point, someone comes on the PA and, and makes an announcement. We are about to take the official 2024 National Committee panoramic photographs at this time, Which sounds like a great idea. Delegates and guests. Then they say, no one can move during this photo. There are tens of thousands of people who are vibrating and they say, we're gonna need you to be still for this photo. Then they say the camera is 110 years old.


And the, this is a, it's a fourth generation photographer who has taken many a panoramic photo. They turn on his mic so that he can direct the crowd to be still. Please listen to a boss who is located in the center. Blue press stand in the center of the hall. He keeps telling everybody to stop moving. He is talking on a microphone to 20,000 people. Yes. Some moving In the hall. Please, wherever you are, stay right there. You're gonna make other people glare. Please hold it right there. I greatly appreciate that. And then he begins singling out people who are moving.


There's some movement. Please, please stay right here. You are. He's begging, he's negotiating. It's so funny. Do not move. You can hear. Do like, listen to the frustration in his voice Said, please keep your hands down. I appreciate that. This is your photo. So af after all of that, listen to this. Here goes the real camera operating By hand. He just said, here goes the real camera. No, everything up to this point was not the real camera. So extremely Sensitive camera. There's this feeling in the room that it's like a class photo and everyone was wrong in it. And you're gonna have to write a note to the photographer later apologizing.


And Your mom will be mad because from when she gets her packet of photos she paid for You're blurred. Yeah. How could you have been blurred after I, I'm gonna say five minutes of trying to get everyone to be still? We, we got here. I congratulate all of You. Thank You for your patience. And people clearly were very happy, I think, to have this moment over with. Yeah. Was that as the joy you're hearing? Did you guys note? So this is one of the things I noted when I was lost and wandering around. So people should know that everybody at the convention has credentials, but not all credentials are the same. Each credential gets you just into a certain level. There's like one credential that only gets you into the perimeter outside the building, and another credential that gets you inside and another credential that gets into a certain level.


And what that means is, is like everybody was desperate to try to get into someplace where they could sit, that they were allowed to sit. And when I was walking around, there were people who were, who were standing in the back and, and angry about that. People who had given up. A friend of mine who was also up in the rafters, a volunteer at the DNC, actually said that a fight broke out between people vying for a seat in his section just after Bernie Sanders called for community and cooperation. Wow. Wow. So it, it, yeah. Things got dicey up there toward the end.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus. Season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney plus.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


I'm Jesse Thorn this week on Bullseye Fat Joe. On being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, she's Really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR


These days, there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum from A quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To The labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's Very rare for people to go Inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


Emma, after the photo, you got a text. Do you wanna talk about what happened? Oh, Yes. So yesterday we talked about the mayor's pub, right? Which is a bar and it's only for mayors. And earlier I had just loitered around the mayor's pub waiting to see if I could catch a mayor to bring me into the pub. Yeah, You and I went down there and we decided we would stand there. And anybody who looked like they might be a mayor, we would go up and ask them if they were a mayor and if we could, if they would escort us in. Define looking like a mayor. Thank You for the question. I was looking for top hats and sashes. Not a lot of them there, but there was this one guy wearing a very nice suit and a yellow tie on his phone.


And I thought this guy might be Mr. Mayor. Excuse me. Hi. I work for NPR. Can I ask you a question quickly? Are you a mayor? No, I'm not sorry. What are, what are you doing Here? I'm a chief of staff to a mayor. Wait, really? Who's your mayor? Kathy Shane from Albany, New York. Okay. Do you wanna talk to her? Well, I would love to get into the mayor's pub. I'll text My mayor right now and see if She'll come up. I love it. Okay. See you soon. Thank You. See you soon. First try. I got a big bite. And so anyways, later after the roll call David, the chief of staff, texted me. He is like, me and Mayor Shehan are headed down to the mayor's pub. Meet us there. And so I book it. Hi. Hi Emma. Nice to meet you. So nice to meet you. Am I allowed to come in the pub?


Just for a second? Pub is like any bar, but it's all, all the decoration around the room is mayor themed. There's a neon sign called Mayors Matter and people are just milling around. It's like pretty busy. And there's one thin velvet rope separating it from the outside hallway. Oh my God. I just stepped over the rope. You're fine. Are you gonna, are you gonna get me in trouble? I'm not the boss of the rope, but you can come over the rope. Well, If this rope was in Albany, I feel like you'd be the boss of the rope. Oh, I would 100% be the boss of the rope with the rope. Wouldn't be there actually. So true. There would be no rope. Well, can you introduce yourself quickly to Us? I'm Kathy Sheen and I'm the mayor of Albany, New York. Do you have best mayor friends? I have lots of mayor friends. It is a really great group of people.


And I will tell you this, it is the most bipartisan group of people that you could meet anywhere. Yeah, we say all the time there are not Republican potholes and democratic potholes. There are just potholes. I'm a little bit disappointed that I don't see anyone in this pub wearing a top hat and a sash Wearing a what? A Top hat and a sash. Do you guys, where, where are they? Yeah. I don't know where those mayors are, but these mayors are dressed to get things done. Do you at least have a key to the city in your pocket? I do not have a key to the city in my pocket here she hands. I'm sorry. I, I I don't Do you, is there any mayor friends here right now that you can introduce me to? Sure. I can introduce you to a, another mayor who is doing a lot of work for the campaign.


Let me just grab Sharra Jones. She's mayor of a, she's mayor of St. Louis. Hi, I'm Emma. Nice to meet you. Nice to Meet you. I'm Mayor Sharra Jones from St. Louis, Missouri. Such a huge fan of your city. Do you have a key to the city on you? No, I don't carry Them. Nobody has them on them. What's your top hat and your sash? I don't know. My, I don't carry those around, but I do carry my cell phones. Yeah. Coral? Yeah. Poor on. I'm India Concannon, the mayor of Knoxville, Tennessee. Do you have a key to the city on you? I do not. They're, they're sort of heavy. I'm sorry. I have a business Card. How big are they? Oh, well beyond your imagination.


Sorry. Can you introduce yourself quickly? Yeah, my name's Mayor Brandon Sund. B-R-A-N-D-O-N-S-A-K-B-U-N. I'm the 28-year-old mayor of Terre Haute, Indiana. Oh my gosh. Youngest mayor of, are you the youngest mayor of your town? Youngest mayor in Terre Haute history. Yeah. Do You have a key to the city on you right now? Do I have a key to the city on me? With all due respect, I'm a millennial. I don't use a lot of keys or cash. What mayor do you think we should talk to next? Ooh, have you chatted with Miss Mayor Angie Nelson from Michigan City, Indiana. Hello, I'm Emma. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Okay. Every other Mary I've asked this has said no, but do you have a key to the city on you?


No. No one carries the keys to the cities. You Know what? I was scared to bring my keys, period. So I'm only about an hour away from Chicago. Yeah. So I left my keys at home so I wouldn't lose them. Okay, Fair enough. And then I, no one the one, oh, this is, this man over here is the first man I've seen. Mayor I've seen hopefully wearing a sash. That's my guy from Sheboygan. Yeah. My name's Ryan Sorenson. I'm the mayor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin. And you guys are pals of course. Yes. You are the first mayor that I assume, I assumed every mayor wears a top hat and a sash. Yeah. You are the first mare who's wearing a sash. Well, of course we gotta look the part us MAs gotta represent. There have been other mares with sashes, but really not right here right now, but okay, we're Around.


I'm looking for 'em. Yeah. Oh, where'd you, do you wear the sash every day? Not every day, no. Just for parades. Festivals and keg tappings. Oh, what Keg Tappings. You know, when you tap a keg to celebrate an event, Do you do an official mayoral keg stand? Not, not officially. No. Off the record. Off the record, maybe. Yeah. Peter, you, you went to a party. Yeah. Apparently much of the action at this sort of thing happens at parties. So I felt I had to go to a party. I'm not a party guy, but I got an invitation to the Axios party because I have friends, right. Who I know Well, they're friends of the Chicago Acts. I don't think there was ever a party for, not a party guy. It's the Axios Axios party.


Yeah. But it, it had the whole party experience. That was an event space. They had a range of speakers. They had Kathy Hoel plus Gina Raimondo and Bill Daley, who was the brother of our mayor. So that's exciting. And there were a number of small fraction of people paying attention to what they were saying. And 70% of the people were going after the free food buffet. Like, like lions, as they should. At a carcass of a wildebeest. Which one were you? I I, I, the line for the food was so long and I had just gotten in. I didn't wanna immediately go into it, so I decided to wait until the line died down and I waited too long and they just broke down the whole buffet and it vanished. But, so I I, I felt a little bit at sea at this party.


I'm not a party goer. I'm certainly not a political party goer, but I happen to run into Molly Jung fast at the convention. Now Molly is an interesting person. She's a, she's a political socialite. Her main thing is she has gathered all these political people who she's invited to her house for parties. So I said to her, you know, as a political socialite, what is the key to a successful political party Is pretending you remember everybody really. This is a DC versus New York thing in New York. You go to school with someone, you know them your whole life and they pretend they don't know you because they don't want to deal with you or whatever. In, in DC you may or may not have met the person a hundred times. You pretend you know them because people hate being forgotten and you just try to sort of on the fly.


So how do you do that? Do you go up to somebody and you say, oh my God, it's so good to see You. The most important thing is they look at you, you look at them, there's some flicker of recognition, and then you say, so great to see you versus so great to meet you. And this is the difference between DC and New York as far as I can tell. That's it. Really. That is so true. I've lived, I grew up in DC around DC I just lived in New York. That is so true. Especially like something I noticed in DC someone will be like, I like your outfit. But in New York, they'll say, where did you get your outfit? I feel like this just tells me the only party I want to go to is a mayor party. It feels like that's where Mayor, mayor party was the party at Kind. Were there any mares at the Axios Party?


There were just a lot of, have you not had to fill MAs mares at this point? Well, at this point though, I'm beginning to believe that if there had been mares, it would've been a better party. You Know, the thing about mares is that they're not focused on clout. Right. You would think maybe because There's, we're gonna fade down Emma here. 'cause I, I have the, i I have a feeling that this isn't gonna stop. So, and we need to get out of here and get back to the DNC. Yes. Peter, Thank You so much for exploring the DNC with Emma and me. We're gonna get out there and see if we can find more stories of, what did we say yesterday? The weirdos in dignitaries that make our country great. Yes. That make our country what it is.


And some mayors, apparently more mayors at the Democratic mayoral convention. D-M-C-D-M-C, DM C. Yeah. Run Emma to the DMC.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit. So the cards purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash venture X business.


Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like npr. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.