
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Forget pumpkin spice latte season. I'm all the basic bitch you need. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Stude Maker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You everybody. We have a great show for you today. Later on, we're gonna be talking to actor John Leguizamo about his new documentary series for PBS. The man has starred in 100 movies and TV shows, but he's finally made it to the Promised Land Public Broadcasting.


Well, you can skip right to the front of the line and be on the air now. Just call us to play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Kevin Chi from Des Moines, Iowa. Hey, how are things in Des Moines? Kevin? Very nice for the summer. Heat wave's gone, so we're getting ready for Call. That's good. What do you do? You sound like you're from Iowa and I love it. What do you do there? Currently retired, working down that bucket list of things everybody does when they retire. Okay. And I Have to say, being on the show today is one of those bucket list things. Great. Okay, great. That's great. Well, We're honored to make that list. Let me introduce you to our panel, Kevin, first up, she's the host of the trivia podcast.


Go Fact to yourself, which now airs Weekends on Southern California Public Radio. LA is 89.3. It's Helen Hong. Hi. Next. He's a comedian headlining the Ann Armour Comedy Showcase. October 3rd through the fifth and the Atlanta punchline. October 17th through the 19th. It's Hari Knda Blu. Hey Kevin. And A humorous and woodworker who is the founder of Hatch Space Community Wood Shop and school in brothel of Vermont. He can make one hell of a spice racket. It's Tom Bodett. Hello Kevin. Hello Tom. So Kevin, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is now gonna read for you three quotations from this week's news.


If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you, you'll win our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose for your voicemail. Are you ready to go? Ready To Go? Okay. Your first quote is from Baltimore Orioles. Play by play broadcaster, Kevin Brown. The White Sox have just gone full White Sox. Brown was reacting to yet another Chicago White Sox loss as they approach the major league baseball record for what? Most losses in a season. I think 1 0 7, 1 0 8 right now. You are very good. Yes. And they of course are not. The Chicago White Sox are on track to end the season if they go according to their current pace with a record of 36 wins and 126 losses, which would be the worst record in baseball's margin era.


Now for decades, the White Sox have tried to get just a fraction of the national attention. The Chicago Cubs always get and congrat guys, you found a way, I love this team, Peter. I love this Team. You love. Tell me the things you love about it, Harry. I love the fact they make regular people feel like they too could play major league. Yeah, I, That's exactly, that was my, my impression. I was like, I could be on that team. I could do just as Well. You know, if you say that one more time, you might get a call from them. These are things that really happened to the White Sox this season. A player was hit in the face by a warmup, throw a game against the Braves was delayed because they couldn't find their first base coach.


What? It's possible, he defected and just This week in Baltimore, three players ran into each other trying to catch a ball. They did not catch the ball. And three runs scored. I could play on this team hard. I could, The three of us could play on this team. Yeah, I mean it comes from the top down. You know, like the manager, Grady Sizemore, you know, he's been asked a lot of questions about this, about all these losses. He said quote, it's not about wins, it's just about competing and playing together as a team. Nah bro. It's about wins. Yeah.


Oh, exactly. Totally about wins. There's no participation trophies to the major league. Well, some traditionalists are against it, but the league will be letting the White Sox hit from a tee for the rest of the evening. Alright, Kevin, here is your next quote. Bloody Hell. My 44th birthday is in a few days. That was a social science researcher reacting to a new study that discovered we rapidly do what at age 44 and then again at age 60, I'd say mental health decline, Everything declines. I'll give it to you. We Age rapidly at those two points.


A new study by scientists at Stanford has shown that most people don't age gradually, as you might have thought. Instead you have basically aging spurts. The first big wave is at 44, and the second is when you realize that all of your favorite child stars are on TV doing commercials for prescription drugs. Wow. I'm 41 right now. So does that mean I have like three more years of youth before you fought the cliff? Can't, this is the time to go full on Rum Springer. Absolutely. This is the time. Yes. No, This is when you start working on your delusions. When I was 44, that was still four years before I decided to have two more children.


So I mean that's delusion. Yeah. That Was Poor decision making. And the other milestone was what? 60? Apparently it happens again at 60. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What I really noticed there is like before 60, like you still have your strength, you know, you could still do things and, and if something wouldn't like go, it would stuck. You pull harder and it would go. But after 60 you pull harder and something and you go, you know, Yeah. You still have the strength, but it's not connected to anything. Yeah. Anymore. It's, it's not the jar that opens. This all has to do, by the way, with the biochemical markers of aging, rather than, say your appearance scientists analyzed thousands of stool samples and nasal swabs from people at various ages.


And the results suggest that there's a significant leap in aging at age 44. Because that's when people realize, oh my god, I have grown up to be somebody who analyzes stool samples for a, I think I'm, I'm 69 this year and I think there's another milestone. It's a mental thing. Like, you know how you, you you, you're going around the house, you have your phone or something in your hand, you're doing something, you set it down and then you just can't find it. Yeah. Where did you set it down? You know, and that's your whole life, right? You know, north of 60. Yeah. But something happened This week where it was a Popsicle. Oh, that's problem. Oh no, because then there's a, now you're on a timer. There's yeah, there's a clicking, there's A clock that really raises the space.


Oh, Sorry. And you can't call Siri to a Popsicle? No, there's no like find me beeper or anything. We just know it's making a mess somewhere and you can't remember where. Wow. And did you get to it in time, Tom? Yeah. And it was on the bathroom sink, so it wasn't a Horrible thing. Alright. Your last quote is from a New York TikTok design influencer named Lindsay Judas talking about her latest innovation in home decor. I feel like I made a very unintentional rage Bait. Ms Jus worries that she might have gone too far when she helps spread the trend of decorating the inside of your what?


Kitchen. It's in your kitchen. People decorate their kitchen because normally you can see the kitchen, but this is like taking that to the nth degree. I'll give you a How about Refrigerator? Yes. The inside of your refrigerator, it is called fridge scaping. Not to be confused with fridge scraping. When you remove whatever has been stuck to the bottom of the CRISPR for the last year, fridge scrapers will decorate the inside of their fridges with matching containers, elegantly arranged vegetables and mood lighting, sometimes including candles. Miss Juda even does themes inside her refrigerator, like a British royal theme.


She calls Friton, which is great 'cause no one will disturb the display because now they're too nauseous to eat. But I do this. No you don't. I do. I have VAs in my fridge. And by VAs I mean old jars of spaghetti sauce that I forgot. Were back there. Yeah. And they're something growing in them, so they're like vases. Right, right, Right. It is. That's our fridge. It's more like gardening than decorating. Yeah. Are there, are There little paintings in there too? Like what is what? Well, I mean if you can look at pictures, look in TikTok where there are, you know, all kinds of these trends. They're basically like, you know, like still lifes and, and you know, like there's some carrots next to some beautifully arranged asparagus.


It's nice. Other theme, people do it in themes. Other themes include enchanted forest, edible flowers and mushrooms. Or perhaps the recently divorced guy theme, which is eight soy sauce packets, half a bottle of flat beer and an IKEA Allen wrench he's been looking for for a month And a half melted pops And a half melted Popa Bill, how did Kevin do on our quiz? Kevin Was so good. He got three in a row, which gives you a perfect score. Kevin, Thank You. Well done Kevin, Thank You so much for playing. You're welcome. Take care.


Right now panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Helen, the Chicago Sky, WNBA team recently announced that they'll be replacing their current mascot. That's because their current mascot is a, what Is it? A cloud in the sky? No. Although that's All about it. Is there current mascot, a white sock? What are the chances? Can I have a hint? I can give you a hint. What's interesting about this mascot is that he would not be allowed to play in the WNBA Oh a man. It's a Man. No. Yes. The Chicago Sky, WNBA team is finally getting rid of the mascot they've had since the team was founded in 2006.


A masked and muscly man named Sky guy because nothing says female empowerment like an unidentified male watching women exercise. Wow. Isn't that kind of revenge of the cheerleader stuff though? I mean like man sports they have on you. I guess so. Well, I mean, everybody does love his halftime show where he comes out and explains to the woman how to play basketball. The guy has unveiled his replacement. It's a new mascot Sky. The lions whose uniform number will be zero zero representing we assume boobs. This is also just like typical male management thinking, being like, all right, we gotta get rid of the guy.


Do we go with a girl? Nah, an animal. Let's just pick an animal. Pick An animal, a predator. At least that it's based on the lions, the famous lions at the Chicago Art Institute. The two mascots will share duties through the end of the season, at which point Sky the lioness will eat Sky guy alive and coming up clean up in aisle nine as our bluff. The listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Twos winner. Report more at enter.com/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Tom Bodett, Haron Debo and Helen Hong. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. Thank You so much. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr. You'll find all the information you need there. Hi, you're on Waitwait, don't tell me. Hi, this is Rebecca from Grand Rapids, Michigan.


Hey Rebecca. How are things in Grand Rapids? They're okay. It's almost fall. I'm just gonna comment that was not overly enthusiastic. You're not With the Chamber of Commerce, are you? Yeah. Are are? Are you, are you from Grand Rapids? I grew up here, but then I spent a long time in Philadelphia and San Francisco. Yeah. And that's where I left my heart. I understand. As is traditional. I understand. Okay, well welcome to our show, Rebecca. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Rebecca's topic? Trouble At the grocery store, Supermarkets have all kinds of problems. There are supply chain issues.


There are milk spills. The guy who keeps squeezing the other customers and yelling. Not ripe yet. This week we heard about another problem plaguing a grocer somewhere in the world. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the real one and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to apply? Yes I am. All right, let's hear first from Helen Hong. A grocery store in Italy is dealing with a mafia shakedown that's way more adorable than Goodfellas. The Sicilian town of Bente has been plagued by a gang of street dogs that are menacing shops into paying them protection fees in the form of deli meats.


A pack of about 20 dogs marad from shop to shop. And if they're not tossed at least a few slices of salami, they block the entrance growling and barking at potential customers. Back in the day, we used to have to pay off the mafia. Now we have to pay off. The mafia complains the owner of the only grocery store holding out exclaimed one of the gang members, Which Probably means why is this guy being so stingy? We just want to wet our beaks. We'll even take bologna. Thank You. You're Welcome.


Grocery store in Sicily, getting threatened by the paa, A pack of dogs who demand cold cuts as tribute. Your next story of something mucking up the mart comes from Tom Bodett In the Spanish city of Bilbo. Police responded Tuesday to a flash mob of hopeful romantics packed inside a mead food store looking for love. Singles have been drawn to the supermarket chain across Spain after a TikTok video gone viral claim. They can find romance if they visit between 7:00 PM and 8:00 PM and put a pineapple upside down in their trolley. Other items in someone's trolley provide clues about their intentions.


Chocolates are sweets mean the person is looking for long-term relationships or something more serious. A wobbly wheel means you are not paying attention at all and probably came in for pineapple and dates to actually eat, which is the problem. But it's a problem. Rival grocery chain Lidle would like to have, they've launched their campaign to encourage customer hookups in its stores, but with watermelons, eggplants. Watch your six. A grocery store in Spain, overwhelmed by people who come in not to shop, but to signal to each other their willingness to mix using upside down pineapples.


Your last supermarket snag comes from Hari Knda Blu Indian supermarket chain Reliance. Fresh supermarkets are dealing with protests around the country after rumors of the return of classic Indian soda. Gold spot proved to be false. Gold spot was a hugely popular orange soda that was discontinued after Coca-Cola entered the Indian market because you know, capitalism, older Indians ranging from 35 to 80 lined up to be the first to receive new bottles of gold spot holding banners reading you kids don't know what's good, which is actually quite funny. When translated into Hindi, the stores attempting to pacify the angry mobs gave away free cans of orange Fanta, which were instantly thrown back, exploding like Molotov cocktails and drenching employees with an inferior orange soda.


Coca-Cola released a statement saying they quote, stand behind Fanta during this troubling time. And though it's notable, it's a shame Pepsi would stoop to this. So one of these things happened at a supermarket or supermarkets somewhere in the world. Was it from Helen Hong, a supermarket in Sicily being well held for hostage by a pack of wild dogs who demand their daily cold cuts from Tom Bodet, a supermarket in Spain that is being overrun by hut. Young people interested in meeting each other, which they're signaling with pineapples. Or from Hari Klu supermarket, beset by protestors demanding the return of their favorite orange soda.


Which of these is the real story of supermarket travails in the news? I think I'm gonna go with Tom. You're gonna go with Tom's story about the supermarket singles scene. Well, we spoke to someone who knows all about this real story. You would grab a pineapple, place it upside down in the cart and bump into the cart of whoever you're interested in. That was Grace Snelling, a reporter at Fast Company who reported on the Pineapple takeover at the Spanish grocery store. Congratulations, Rebecca. You got it right. Thank You so much. You're into point for Tombo de, but more importantly, you have won our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose for your voicemail.


Congratulations and well done. Thank You so much. I'm very excited. Thank You. Thanks Rebecca. Take care. And now the game where we ask people to answer questions about things they know nothing about. It's called Not My Job. John Leguizamo came up in the theater and standup scenes of 1980s New York. But his first big film role was as Luigi in the movie Super Mario Brothers. And according to him, after three decades of film, tv, theater and activism, he is just about made up for that. His latest project is Vase, a American historian of the untold history of Latinos, which premieres September 27th on PBS.


John Leguizamo. Welcome back to Wait. Wait, don't tell. Tell me. Oh, so good to be back. It's Great to Have you. It's been Too long. I know. We've just waited for wondering when you were gonna call. Man, it's so good to talk to you again and we're so excited to get you now because we've been following your career obviously for many decades. And we're so excited you have finally reached the pinnacle of achievement. Public broadcasting. Yes. An overnight success after 40 Years. I know, but was it weird? 'cause I, I, maybe I'm wrong, but everything you've done has been in Hollywood and TV and New York theater and, and and touring theater, public broadcasting fans tend to be a little more passive aggressive. So expect people to say to you, so John, what did you think of your series?


And and don't worry, I'm an actor. I'll tell 'em exactly how much I love myself. So the series, the series, American Historian of the Untold History of Latinos I understand was inspired by one of your many one man shows in this case your own personal examination of Latino history, right? Yes. You know, it, it was based on Latino Latin history from morons because I, I learned my son was being bullied and I wanted to give him weaponize his knowledge and his history of his people. You know, I, I didn't know we finished building the railroads. I didn't realize we were the first fighters to create unions in the 1930s. And then, you know, we, we've been persecuted, but we've also contributed so much.


We just reached a milestone last year. We contributed $3.2 trillion to the GDP yearly as a Latino culture. Wow. So I want some that I understand My son is a huge fan of yours. And by that of course, I mean because of your Ice age movies and TV shows. Yes. I'm so happy to hear that. He's, Thank You. We're about to do ice age six. I, yeah, I six. Wow. You, you are, as you just reminded everybody, Sid The Sloth. First of all, I gotta ask, did did your kids love that growing up? 'cause they were just about the right age, right? Based on I think when the movies came out.


No, They were weirded out by their father, you know, the way I look and then doing that voice and they're like, they were too young. It's, it's weird, you know, a lot of parents come up to me, they go, oh, you know who this is? Sit the slot. And I go This, sir, it's not gonna work out son. And they go, no, do the voice and I do the voice shit. Hi. And the kids are like freaked out. 'cause they see this face, they don't get it. They don't get it. Yeah. I remember Ray Romano is in the show and I told 'em the same thing. Oh, my son's a big fan. 'cause of the mammoth. He's like, yeah, don't tell your son you talk to me. It's just gonna mess him up. We read Ruin them. Yeah, we read. So you play for those unlucky not to have seen the 4,000 Ice Age movies and TV shows and video games. You play Sid the Sloth, the prehistoric sloth.


And we read that you actually got really deep into the research for his voice. Is that right? Well, you Know, yeah. 'cause I did, I did like 50 Voices for the director Chris Wench. And he wouldn't, he said that that I, I just want you to do your voice. I go, I don't wanna do my voice. I want do a voice. I, I'm, I'm an actor, so I did, you know, Southern voice for the slot. 'cause he's slow. Then I went a little more ghetto on him. Come on, come on what you want, what you want? And he goes, nah. So then I, I got Discovery channel footage and I saw that slot start food in their cheek pouches and they, it would ferment and they'd get drunk. And so I started eating the sandwich and I put my cheek pouches and I walked around the house waiting for, to ferment. And it didn't, but was, then I got fluffy, fluffy in my mother.


And I called it right to Chris, guess who this is? And he's like, I have no idea. Shit. The sloth I found myself. And that's how I did this. Wow. That's amazing. You do, You Do belong on PBS. Yeah. Next time I'm sitting watching the movies with my son, I'm, I say, you know, that's historically accurate. You, you, among the many, many things you do, you've done these one man shows where you play all these characters and as you just demonstrated, you're really, really, really good at voices. Have you ever used that power for evil? Yes, of course. I mean, when I was much younger it was great 'cause pe people, you know, when the school would complain, they would call my house and I would, I would answer my mom and I go, oh, he, he, he what?


No, he's, he's fantastic. Oh, you, you you want to expel him? Well expel it for me. And I would mess with them for hours and they wouldn't be able to expel me. Really? They Tried to expel me. Yeah. Did your mother know you were doing that? No. But now she knows now because you blabbered You, You mentioned your mother. We also read that like your mother to this day sees like everything you do and offers a critique afterwards. Yeah. My mom's very judgemental and I think I get it from her a little bit. We both watch PBS too much. Yeah, I know, man. I'm telling you. And she does, she comes to every show and like she sits front row and, and then she comes afterwards.


Oh Joan, that was fantastic. But I didn't really like the punchline. It didn't really hit the way I thought it would hit. It didn't murder. And I was like, mom, please stop criticizing you. Just my mom just be unconditionally loving for once. Wait a minute. I mean, you're, you started as a standup. You've been doing that this for a long time and your mother actually critiques you in like standup. She always does. She's like, oh man. Yeah, I mean, Like, I go, mom, you're not a director, you're not in the business. Stop giving me, you know, notes. I don't need your notes. Really? Does she? I'm 60 years old. Stop giving me notes. Does she, does she like pitch you jokes? I I think she'll be, no, she Doesn't pitch jokes. She just, you know, wants to change this, change that, fix this cut that trim kill your darlings.


Is Is, is she gonna critique this? Is she gonna listen and go, oh, I don't think you talked about me enough. I'm not Gonna tell her about This. Okay. Yeah. Alright. That's fine. That's The only way to keep her away. Well John Leguizamo, it's such a pleasure to talk to you again. And this time we have asked you here to play a game that we are calling. Can we fix It? Yes we can. So this year, as I'm sure you know, because everybody's been celebrating this year, marks the 25th anniversary of Bob the Builder. Oh wow. The beloved kid show about a British contractor whose trucks are alive. So in honor of that, we're gonna ask you three questions about, I guess we'd call him Mr. Builder, get two outta three. Right? You won our prize. One of our listeners, bill, who is John Leguizamo playing for Nora Wing of Ithaca, New York.


Alright, here's your first question. You ready? Nah, go for it. I'll do my best. Bob. The builder is popular around the world, but some changes needed to be made internationally for, to show there, including which of these A in France, they had to add clocks to the background to prove that no one goes over their 35 hour approved work. Week B in Canada, Bob always includes maple syrup as a construction material in his projects Or C in Japan, they had to add a fifth finger to his animated four finger hand. So that kids did not think Bob the builder was a member of the Yakuza. Oh shoot, that's, that's, I'm gonna go with Canada and maple syrup.


'cause it sounds ridiculous, but possible. So you think that Bob, the builder in Canada, they just cut in things as in now to like, to make sure this sticks. Here's some maple syrup. That's, and They go A sorry, eh. Oh wow. I thought I was in, that was, that was amazing. I thought I was in Toronto. No, the, the answer was actually C You see, as is well known in Japan, if you're a Yakuza member and you displease your boss, they cut off one of your fingers. So a four fingered animated character would have unpleasant connotations. Oh, So that's dark. It is, it really is. I didn't wanna go that dark. Alright, Here's your, your next question, John, you have two more chances. Bob de Hilder is more than just a very popular kids TV show. Which of these is another example of Bob's cultural dominance?


A he once went to number one on the UK singles charts with a cover of Mambo number five B. Alexander McQueen had an entire runway show of Bob the builder inspired designs. Or C he had a bestselling cookbook called, can you Bake It? Yes you can. Oh man, I'm gonna go with a You're good With a you're right. Yes. He did a cover of, oh, finally Mambo number five. What did we leave? Alright, You have one more question. If you get this right, you win Bob the builder popped up in a surprising place a few years ago when people browsing the on demand menu of Britain's Channel five. Saw a picture of Bob as the image representing what show A the season premiere of Britain's Got Talent BA documentary about nine 11.


Or see the movie Eyes Wide shut, Eyes Wide shut, sort of the, the, the sexual All the Sexual, yes, I know. Yes. Just Bob. You know, just imagine Bob the builder wearing one of those weird masks that Tom Cruise was having. You know, I'm, I won't picture that. So I'm gonna go with a again, You're gonna go with a, again, Britain's Got Talent, the idea of like, oh, this guy's got talent, he can build stuff. Yeah. And he can build things, right? Yeah. I mean, Yeah, sadly the answer was B, a documentary about nine 11. I mean, Wait, no, I meant BI meant B. You meant, Oh, we meant B. He meant P Bill. He meant p Let's take give it to him. Yeah. Okay. I'm sure. I mean, I, I thought I misheard you.


I, and of course you were right. I have an accent. I have a New York City accent. Exactly. Yeah. And IAB Yeah, exactly. B No. Apparently if the way it worked was if Channel five, you know, and this is how it works, you turn on your streaming service, there are these icons indicating the shows you could be watching. True. And when Channel Five, they didn't happen to have a picture to go with any given show. They just plugged in a picture from Bob the Builder. So Bob was the image for this nine 11 documentary and also something called Murdered by my Daughter. So Bill, how did John Leguizamo do in our quiz? Two out of three. Yay. Two outta three. Now You did good. I'm Amazing. I'm I'm brilliant.


I drawn on PBS. John Leguizamo was an actor, writer, and producer whose new series, vce American historian, the Untold History of Latinos premieres on PBS September 27th. John Leguizamo a great thing to talk to you again, Thank You so much. Good Luck with the show. We'll see you next time. Thank You. Thank You. So fun. Thank You. Thank You. Bye. In just a minute, the one word you cannot say in church that's in our Listener Limerick challenge, call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me. From NPR pr, When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline.


We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you.


Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Hari Kondabolu, Tombo de and Helen Hong. And here again as your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel, Thank You so much. And just a minute, bill finally gets around to watching the hit movie op in Rhymer.


If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel, some more questions for you from the week's news. Tom, office workers around the world are suffering from a new condition. Dead what syndrome? Dead ass. Yes. Dead butt syndrome. Yeah. Yeah. Yep, Yep. Dead butt syndrome is a condition where you sit for so long that your butt doesn't just fall asleep. Your butt muscles actually forget how to work. What? Yeah. It's technically called gluteal amnesia. What? But that does not mean that you have forgotten that you have a butt. Imagine that. Imagine if that were the case. Every time you'd sit down you'd be like, oh, what's that thing?


You know, this is a real thing. Apparently. If, if this happens, your, the rest of your body starts trying to compensate with your like, core muscles and that can cause lots of pain. What happened to Tiger Woods for real weird time? Right? How does the rest of the body compensate for what the butt does? Apologize. I mean, how would your shoulders step in there, Be like they just get more bulbous and Yeah. I don't know. I dunno. Helen, according to a new study, one third of people in Britain think that if asked they could do what? Get with somebody really hot think they could.


That's probably true. Put Out that, I'm sure that's probably far more than a third of people think that I cannot have a hint. You what? You need a hint, Sherlock. Oh, they could solve murder. Yes, exactly right. They think that they could solve a murder. Well, of course, Of course. British pe British people can solve a murder. 'cause if you watch any British crime shows, They always get solved by British people. Exactly. And, and the technique, if you watch enough, it's very simple. What you do is you look around town, you check with the people who knew the victim, and if any of them have ever appeared in a Harry Potter film, that's the culprit. But if you think about it, given how many murders that seem to be happening in like every little small parish and seaside town in Great Britain, it's more than likely that a third of Britain's are actually murderers.


I mean, it's, it's a, it's an old country and they've been cooped up on that island together for they have a long time and they probably have a lot of murder fantasies 'cause they're constantly, And so they're confident. Like, I know how I would do it. Yeah. So what you're, what they're saying is, yeah, I could solve the murder. It would probably be me given the way I'm feeling. But I can't blame them for thinking they can do whatever they see people doing on TV after watching the Olympics. I definitely think I could break dance. Tom, if you're an employee in Japan, you can now pay a company to do what on your behalf If you're an employee to quit.


Yes. Wow. To quit your job. For you, What did you just Guess that I did? It's a New company. It's A new, I'm trying to think, what's the worst thing as an employee that you have to do it. It's like, Let me explain it and lemme ask you a question. So this is a new company called Exit and, and frustrated workers in Japan can pay to have someone else call up and quit your job for you. The standard service costs 200 bucks, but most employees recommend adding the a hundred dollars, making a scene, bonus package. Hello. I am here to relay a message on behalf of Julie specifically to screw you, mark and screw, especially you, Linda. Finally, will someone kindly direct me to the conference room where I have been instructed to take a dump?


It's, That's a, that's an awesome service that says So much about the Japanese culture and how different it is from American culture. I, I, I totally get that. But Tom, you said you would pay for someone to do that, but isn't like quitting your job. Like something that we all look forward to? You know, I never really had a job. Well, that Is all hypothetical. Yeah. So I would've thought it'd be really difficult, you know, because you're letting somebody down, you know, and No, taking the dunk part is the best part. Right? Right. Yeah. Maybe I've been, I've tried to be a really good employer when I've Employ vehicle. Oh no, this is, no, this is what you do. You, you go directly into the office kitchen.


You put a whole fish in there in the microwave. You've set it on like 14 minutes. Ah, So when my, when my former office manager did that, she was sending me a message. Yeah, I get it. Your people are the worst. People are the worst. You ruined my life. Ruined my life. I hate you all. You all I hate you all. You all, yeah. People are the people are the worst. My life. All my life. You all, you all Coming up, it's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first, it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at 1 8 8.


Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. For tickets and information for all of our live shows, just go over to NPR presents.org and be sure to check out our new sister podcast, how to do everything. Hosted by our producers, Mike and Ian. This week they try to help the astronauts stranded on the space station look their best. Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Alex from Jersey City, New Jersey. Hey Ali from Jersey, What do you do there? I am a former teacher and now I am a stay-at-home mom with two boys. Oh, a stay-at-home mom with two boys. How old are your boys? Three and a half. And one and a half.


Oh my god. Wait a minute. Are you my wife? Because I also have a three and a half and a one and a half year old boy. How, how are your, your guys doing, You know? No, I do. Well Alex, welcome to the show, Bill. Curtis is now gonna read for you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks will be a winner. You ready to play? Yep, I'm ready. Here we go. Here is your first limerick. Wearing Flip flops to play is a fickle call. This new upgrade from Reebok should tickle y'all for this old people's sport on an undersized court.


These new shoes are a must to play Pickleball. Pickleball. Yes. If your 40 yard dash time is of course not, this is the athletic shoe for you. The Reebok x recess nano is just the thing you need to dominate the court built where children used to have a place to play. These new shoes, we are told by Reebok are specially made for a pickle ball's constant side to side movement. It's amazing. I was having such a hard time playing in my forward only Nikes. I mean, I I I would buy that just because I don't, I was playing pickleball like a year ago and I tore multiple calf muscles playing it.


And, and then two elderly gentlemen had to carry me to the other side of the gym and, and one of them had a life alert bracelet on. And so if, if, if that those shoes can help, then maybe What was your choice of footwear at the time? Just sneakers, you Know. Oh No. Can I give you some advice about that? Never tell that story again. Here is your next Limerick. Our worship groups left in the lurch for new congregants. We are on a search, but episcopal terms make most modern folks squirm. So our church will not call itself Church.


Church, yes. Very good. Good. The Church of England is dropping the word church. No. Yes. It's part of their new initiative to bring more people into the fold by tricking them. Oh, They just call it now they just call it England. Something like that. Yeah, I mean, I'll go They, they've built 900 new branches, which is what they call their parishes in the last 10 years. And not one of them has church in the title. What? Yeah. Can't, can't wait to go get some knee time down at the local Jesus hole this Sunday. Wait, so what did the sign out the door say? They call it like Of England? Yeah, it's like religious center or community center. Just not the word church. People don't like the word church if they're really serious about bringing in more people.


I have three words. Pumpkin spice Eucharist. Alright, here is your last limerick. Not all movies are major sensations made for overly long adulation. The festival crowd is just endlessly loud. Please stop with the standing Ovations. Ovations. Yes. After a movie got a 17 minute standing ovation at the Venice Film Festival, the guardian published a plea for people to just start being normal. I mean, yes, we all love Tilda Swinton, but there are limits.


A standing ovation should not itself need an intermission. Apparently the film festivals are, are suffering from ovation inflation. People are saying, for example, that the new George Clooney movie, which premiered there must not be any good because it got a standing ovation that only lasted four minutes. What? Right. Which is like practically nothing. That is really, That's like, you know, at the end of a regular concert when you know the encore's coming. Yeah. That they pretend that the encore's not coming. Right. And they're like, Thank You goodnight. And people are like, yeah, even those are like three minutes now. Yeah, I know. And they're terrible. And they come right back out and they're like, psych Yeah, we're not done. You're like, well, we know. 'cause you didn't play your biggest hit Bill.


How did Alex do in our quiz? Alex, tell your boys you won three and oh, Congratulations. Thank You. At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very Rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District.


What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about It. Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us. Wherever you get your podcasts, Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR Cell Phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags?


Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU. Now onto our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Helen has two. Tom and Hari each have three. All right, Helen, you're in second place. That means you're Up First. The clock will start when they begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, a, b, c News officially released the rules for next week's presidential blank debate. Right? On Tuesday, a bad economic report led the blank to drop 600 points.


The Dow Jones. Yes. This week officials in Paris said they were considering making the Olympic rings on the blank, a permanent feature On the Eiffel Tower. Right on Labor Day. Over 10,000 hotel workers across the US went on blank strike right This week. A Dutch woman had to leave her zoom meeting after her cat blanked on camera. Pooped No dragged a live pigeon into her living room. According to a new study, better eye health could prevent 20% of blank cases. Eyeglass wearing Cases, no dementia, believe it or not. Oh, on Tuesday, a new study revealed that one in 20 people got food-borne illness from not properly blanking their vegetables. Washing Right This week a house in California was listed for half a million dollars, despite the fact that it had been blanked, Slid down a landslide, No chopped in half by a falling tree.


After the tree fell on it, the house was left with loose wiring, no ceiling and missing walls. Or as a real estate agent actually put it an open concept floor Plan. The listing says potential buyers could start demolition immediately, or if they wanna save some money, just wait a while and see if another tree does it for them. Bill, how did Helen do in our quiz? Good. Helen. Five. Right? 10 more points. Total of 12. And the lead. All Right. Good job. Well done. I I'm arbitrarily picking. Hurry to go next. Here we go. Hurry, fill in the blank. On Tuesday, foreign minister DeMiro KBA became the latest member of Blank's cabinet to resign his post Putin No Zelensky. That's Monday.


A former aide for the Governor of New York was accused of acting as a spy for blank China. Right. According to officials, the deal for a ceasefire in blank is 90% complete. Does it? Right. On Tuesday, the Vatican announced that the blank had started a 12 day trip throughout Southeast Asia. The Pope right This week, a British man arrested for grand theft Auto was banned from blanking for the next two years. Driving, no, not just driving. Banned from touching any automobiles. On Wednesday, NASA confirmed that a dangerous blank had burned up in the atmosphere over the Philippines. Meteor. Right? An asteroid last week, a Navy commander was relieved of duty after a photo was released of him firing a rifle without noticing, blank. It, it was turned the wrong way. I'm gonna give it to you. He did not notice that the scope was turned the wrong way.


It wouldn't have been that big of a deal unless the ship was under attack and the commander kept saying, we don't have anything to worry about. I checked through the scope and the enemy is really, really tiny. Bill, how did Hurry doing our Quiz? He got five, right? 10 more points. His total is 13, which puts him in the lead. All Right, so how many then does Tom Bodett need to win? Five to times, six to win. All Right, Tom, where's my pop signal? Here We go, Tom. This is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, seven Republican LED states filed lawsuits seeking to block the Biden administration's latest blank relief plan Student loan.


Right? On Monday, the Justice Department seized the plane of Venezuelan president, blank Maduro, Right on Thursday, blank pled guilty in his tax evasion case, hunter Biden. Right? On Wednesday, the Department of Labor released a report showing that US blank openings were the lowest they had been since 2021. John, Right? The German Navy said the British should not look for a quote deeper message in their recent decision to blank. I don't know, shell London. No. The German Navy said that there was no deeper message in their decision to send a worship down the Thames River through the center of London blasting the Imperial March from Star Wars. That's, That's what I said.


That's what I said. Kind of On Monday, Joey Chestnut broke his own world record by eating 83 blanks in 10 minutes. It's a hotdog. Yes. On Swiss, the official airline of Switzerland is modifying their new planes because their new first class seats were found to be blank. Two square. No. So heavy. They'd make the plane nose dive. Oh God, Swiss. I think the Swiss would've thought of that. You'd think. Think Swiss was forced to add balancing plates to the rear of their aircraft because their new hyper LX first class cabins made them to front heavy to fly. What? And that's just the way of the seats also weighing down the first class passengers, of course, are the chains they forged in life Chains.


Comedy Hell. Bill, did Tom do well enough to win? Tom got five riots. 10 more points, 13 ties with you. Well done. That was hard. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict how will the Chicago White Sox celebrate becoming the worst team in the history of modern baseball. But first, let me tell you all that Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WB Z Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goer writes our Limerick, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane O'Donnell. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studio Baker Theater, BJ Leaderman composed our theme, our programs produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Nobos and Lillian King.


Special thanks This week to Monica Hickey and Blythe Roberson. Peter Gwynn took the week off to decorate his fridge. Emma Choy is our five curator technical directions from Lorna White. Her CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouses. Our senior producer is Ian og and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel? How will the White Sox celebrate having the worst record in baseball history? Hurry, come to Blu. They're headed to space in a shuttle designed by Boeing Helen Hong. Well, they're definitely not washing their socks And Tom Boeck, they Won't have to because they're gonna turn management over to the Chicago political machine and somehow win 32 of their last 20 games.


And if that happens, we'll tell you about it. On Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis, thanks also to Helen Hong Tombo at Harry Kolo. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at Thete Bakker Theater in downtown for capital Illinois. And thanks to all of you for listening wherever you may be. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms apply.