
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Forget your silver bells. I'm your silver fox. Woo. Bill Curtis. And here's your host at these two to Bakker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thanks everybody. Great to see ya. We have A great show for you today. Later on, we're gonna be talking to Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone, part of a pantheon of Hollywood power couples like Bogey and Baal Ben and JLo, Leonardo DiCaprio in a series of women who cannot legally rent a car, you can play our games alone or as part of a power couple.


We don't care. The number to call is one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Melanie Morgan from McKinney, Texas. McKinney Texas. I don't know where that is. Can you tell me? It's a little north of Dallas. Little North of Dallas. And What do you do there? I am a legal aid attorney and an adjunct professor at a community college. All right. What do you teach? Okay. What Do you, what do you teach there? Yeah, I say I have the two lowest paying jobs in the legal profession. Congratulations. I teach family law and mediation. Wow. Well, welcome to this show, Melanie. It's a pleasure to have you. Let me introduce you to our panel This week.


First up, a comedian and correspondent for The Daily Show who will be performing standup at the Philadelphia Punchline at December 27th, the 28th. It's Dulce Sloan. Hello. Hi Dulce. Nice to meet you. And he's a comedian whose newest special vacation baby is available on Hulu and YouTube. It's Harri Klu. Hello. Hi Harri. And he's a writer and humorist whose delightful Substack is. Take another little piece of my heart. Now. It's Roy Blount Jr. Hey, hey. How you doing? Welcome. So, Hey Roy. Melanie, welcome to our show. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize.


Any voice from our show you might choose on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? I hope so. I've been avoiding the news since the election. Really Interesting Way to break your fast call into Newsquest. Let's broadcast nationally. Alright, now your first quote comes from Senator Chuck Schumer. What the heck is going on? Senator Schumer was, was one of many people asking that question about what? Mysterious things in the sky over New Jersey. Oh, the drones. The drones for weeks now, people in New Jersey have been seeing what they say are car sized drones, sometimes by the dozens floating in the sky and people want answers and after many, many demands.


Finally, president Biden said quote, there's nothing nefarious apparently. Hey, quick thought. If you're trying to calm people down, don't use the word apparently As a, as a New Yorker. I find it hilarious and very cute that New Jersey thinks that aliens in the government are interested in its matters. Right? Like the idea that they think they're that worthy of attention right from outer space or the Major league. Baseball's not interested in New Jersey, the NB a's not interested in New Jersey. The Jets and Giants play in New Jersey, but they don't even want to be associated with them. And you're telling me aliens and the government are putting jobs out. Maybe. Maybe the aliens have a particular interest in New Jersey.


Maybe like for respiration instead of oxygen, they breathe hair gel. I think. I believe that there is a tour that you can take to all the houses and sites of the Sopranos. Yes, you can. There was that. So If I were a an alien being, I would want to check that out first. Are these aliens? Do aliens have drones? I thought they had spaceships. Well, you never know. I mean, maybe they have drones. Maybe they disguise the spaceships as drones. Maybe We think they're drones, but they're really spaceships. Who knows? This is too Long for us to not know. Yeah, well that's the thing. Well, but no, 'cause we would've shot these down by now. I don't. As an American, I know. We shoot first ask questions.


Never. Now what happens is, is like people saying, well, all these drones and the government says, no, there aren't. We've looked, they're all perfectly reasonable explanations for all of it. And the whole thing might be this kind of mass hysteria of this is all true. A Pennsylvania state senator tweeted a photo of what he said was a drone that had been shot down. See, It was a, it was a tie fighter from Star Wars and the former governor of Maryland, Larry Hogan posted a footage of drones that he said were floating above his house for hours. And again, true. It was the constellation Orion.


Okay, fine. I, Well, I flew here on one, but maybe that was just a plane. Yeah, I know. You never know. Yeah. Alright, Melanie, here is your next quote. Let's look back at some delicious Memories. That was a message that appeared on people's Starbucks app. Starbucks is one of many companies copying Spotify wrapped this month and offering users what? Like a summary of everything they've done all year. Exactly right. A year in review. Right? Everybody's doing their own version of Spotify rack. So for example, we mentioned Starbucks tells you what you bought, what your favorite drinks were. The Washington Post has a summary of all the articles you read that year.


Strava of course, gives you a summary of all the exercise you did. And I personally loved Boeing's flights. You survived 2024. No one. No one asked for this. Like, no. Like there's an expression like, you know, if you feel like you're about to die, you're like, I saw my life flash before my eyes. Yes. When did that become a good thing? Right? Nobody wants this information. Yes. Also, it's just like Target shouldn't do this. Like target the target story. No, because then you can look at all the times you went to Target and was like, I just need toilet paper. And then you spent $200. Right. You know who actually did this?


Tinder. Tinder. Oh, that's awesome. Offered their users at end of the year swipe report. Because what everybody wants as a Christmas present is this statistical breakdown of all the people who rejected you. So your top genre was unavailable guys with glasses. That's why I got rid of date naps. Every time I would open it, I'd be like, man, a whole city doesn't wanna sleep with me. Lemme put my phone down. See, the whole point of these summaries is they give you the illusion of having accomplished something with your time. Right. You're still just like, you know, then the same old drudge you were in January 1st, but look at all the songs you listened to. I know. I listened to Megan Thee stallion the whole time. I don't need nobody to tell me that.


There you Are, Melanie. Your last quote today is actually a punchline to a joke that was written out in a New York Times op-ed This week. All I can tell you is that it's the Pope who is driving him Who told this joke among a few others about the Pope. Oh, the Pope? Yes, the Pope. What? Of course it was the Pope, or he would say is the me Catholic. Ooh. Pope Francis wrote an op-ed in Tuesday's, New York Times entitled, there is Faith in Humor in which he went on to basically tell a bunch of jokes. Great. Another old white guy in comedy.


How many popes does it take to do something? Now he says that what this is about is like how humor is important in coping with life's travails. It's a part of faith that we should embrace humor. Right. But what's going on is that pretty late in life, the Pope obviously wants to start doing standup, which is fine, but it will be shocking when he starts his sets with, so I've been dating again and he'll do crowd work like, oh, what do you do for a living? Yes. And what are your sins? I mean, it is hard when Betty White has raised the bar so high for elderly people in comedy.


That's true. And then you got like, 'cause honestly, if it wasn't the Pope, would they let him write a thing about comedy is good. That was the the major Yes. Point of the article. It's nice to laugh. Which I think in the 14 hundreds would've been groundbreaking. Right, exactly. Well, he's really interested in comedy as, as you may have heard Jim Gaffigan talking about on our show a few weeks ago, he invited a whole bunch of comedians and humorists to the Vatican to meet them. Not me. Well, are you Catholic? No. Oh. Oh, you had to be Catholic. Apparently. I don't. Not true. Well, most of these comics are heathens. That's true. Was the Pope Catholic?


Shut up Bill. How did Melanie do in our quiz? She deserves a win. So we're gonna call her a winner. Good job, Melanie. Thank You. Hey Roger's. Melanie. Bye bye. Right now panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about the week's news. Don't say question for you. DOL say there's been another breakthrough in pickles. Now the hot new online trend in pickles Yes. Is to cover pickles with what? Let's see. Okay, so you could take, the one they're doing is a fruit rollup rolled into Tahe.


Then you could do it with Chao or you could put a little glitter in it. I'm Glitter. You got it. Yes. You knew all of them. We glitter TikTok has come up with yet another way to torture a pickle so far as you, I think we're trying to tell us. That Was I I love tortured a pickle. Go ahead. You did. Yeah. So far the TikTok tiktoks have wrapped pickles and fried cheese. They've stuffed them with Taki chips and now they're dumping edible glitter into pickle jars to make a tweet called a glick. Oh, it's the glitter edible. Yeah. Yeah. They make edible glitter. They did? Yeah. Where you man?


Now does Glitter Pickle sound like the name of an all male strip club in Reno? Yes, of course It does. But that beside the, And GLS apparently are perfect for people who like sparkly things and literally have nothing else to eat. See, I feel like you're judging Peter. I Am. For why Glitter pickles That ain't none of your business. I guess you're right. If people want to eat their pickles with glitter, it's they, you know it's a free country. They Can. It's a vegetable, Right? Have you eaten glitter pickles or Glitter? No. I'm a grownup Coming up. Our panelists go adventuring in our Bluff Listener game.


Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait. Dons on me from


NPR. Hey, it's Peter Segel. The year is almost over and now is the time when NPR and I come to you hat in hand and ask for your support. Now interestingly, the idiom hat in hand does not refer to say a street performer walking around holding out his hat for people to put in money. I always thought it was No, it is actually referring to an old tradition when Knights would remove their helmets and show humility. So it's really more about my attitude of supplication than it is about asking for money, even though of course I'm gonna be asking for money. Now if you heard that and you said to yourself, wow, that's fascinating. I was also under that misapprehension as to the idioms meeting, then you my friend, are one of us. That means you enjoy our show where we do trivia and jokes for smart people, dumb jokes for smart people to be sure where we give you a break from the week's news where we make your breakfast on the weekend with your family or your walk with your dog or other interminable tasks bearable with our goofy dumb. But we always think smart humor. Now if you heard me say that and you said to yourself, well, I know that everybody knows that, then you are our ideal listener and you should donate even more. You know what you should do? If you're enjoying this little riff on idioms, you should join NPR Plus a small recurring donation gets you special perks for more than 25 NPR podcasts, like sponsor free listening and bonus episodes, even discounted items from the NPR shop. It only takes a few minutes to sign up. And you can do it right now at plus dot NPR dot org. And if you've already donated to your local station or joined NPR Plus the Hat and I Thank You, we'll be waiting for your donation with Baited breath and that's baited B-A-T-E-D short for like a baited IE We're holding our breath. But come on, you knew that


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming Tonight only on Disney Plus.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me. Yes. That is what it is called wherever you get your podcasts From. NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Hari Klu, Dulce Sloan and and Roy Blount Jr.


And here again is your host at these two Demaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You everybody. Thank You so much. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air. You can always check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. Npr, the information you need is there. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Kelly Cullen from Pittsburgh. Hey, I love Pittsburgh, one of my favorite places. What do you do there? Well, for the next two weeks I'm gonna spend as much time as I can with my family, including my son who's home from college in London. That's great. I I have to ask only 'cause it's so typical, did he come back from college in London with a pretentious British accent?


Yes. He won't stop telling me how brilliant I am and I will take it every day of the week. Yeah, that's great. Well, welcome to our show, Kelly. You're gonna play the game in which you have to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Kelly's topic? Yep, me too. REI. There's so much you can do in the great outdoors. You can kayak, rock, climb, get malaria. Our panel is gonna tell you about a whole new kind of outdoor activity that's becoming popular. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I Am Ready. Well, let's do it then. Let's hear first from Dul, say Sloan, In today's installment of, Hey, get Off my lawn. The growing phenomenon of urban wandering based on the British tradition of wandering through fields in the countryside called rambling.


Americans have started taking back their environment by walking aimlessly through businesses and people's yards. Rambling in the UK is protected by the right to Rome law, allowing enthusiasts to access publicly and privately owned land because of centuries old footpaths that predate modern property lines. Urban wandering, on the other hand, is a bunch of white people trusted passing through a neighborhood they don't live in by jumping fences, walking through rose bushes and then descending upon a Starbucks. The leader of the Wandering Society of Eagle Colorado stated It's alright to enjoy the world we live in. Property lines are fictional, nature is real.


And so was the trespassing citation Her group received after trudging through a gated community, Urban wandering in which people just barge their way through whatever they want because I guess they can. Your next word from the wild comes from Roy Blount Jr. Adventure Catting it's called. And it's a full blown trend complete with special cat harnesses and social media feeds. People are taking their cats hiking, paddle boarding and mountain climbing as if they were dogs or people, anything but cats. One adventure Catter told NPR quote, taking them on adventures is such a good bonding activity, I wouldn't want to leave them at home.


The cat had no comment. It breaks the stereotype of cats. We are told, well, I guess it does. Our cat Jimmy is adventurous. All right, when it comes to climbing way up behind a motel room sink or yowling with wildlife at 2:00 AM But can I see him swinging along a sylvan hiking trail with us, much less paddle boarding and all the other distinctly non feline sports that adventure cats, we are told get up to. What I can see is Jimmy taking one look at the little Nike snowshoes. Somebody got him and laughing his little ass off.


Adventure catting the new trend of taking your cat with you. When you go out into the great outdoors, your last inside scoop from the outside comes from Hari Kada Blu Golf. Some would call it a pastime, others a lifestyle. And if you're under 30, boring, very, very boring in response to golf's declining popularity with young people. Some country clubs have introduced a new variation of the game called Combat golf. A golfer tees off and then has a two minute head start before the other members of the foursome give chase. The three attackers are allowed to do anything. They like to hinder the golfer outside of injury, at least intentionally.


Wink, wink. The inventor of combat golf goes by the name of pain. Stewart Pain spelled PAIN. He says, quote, my daddy loved golf more than he loved me when it was his weekend to have me. He made me caddy for him. Oh, the destruction I imagined causing with his golf clubs, who knew my revenge fantasy would turn into a legitimate team sport. Alright, so here are your choices. One of these things is going on somewhere outside, is it from Dolce Sloan Urban Wandering, where people just sort of wander through people's property and yards just because you know, it's there from Roy Blount Jr.


Adventure Cadding, where people are doing the typical outdoor things, hiking, paddle boarding, but bringing their cats or from ha Knda Blu Combat Golf, a new variation on the ancient Scottish game in which you can try to keep your opponent from hitting the ball, by hitting him first. Which of these is the real story of a new outdoor activity? Well, although I love the UK tie-in and I am a dog person, I'm gonna go with Roy's story about adventure catting. Adventure catting. All right, that is your choice. You believe Roy's telling the truth? Well, here is someone who has firsthand experience with this particular activity. I think we were doing adventure cadding before Adventure Cadding was a thing.


That was Nicole Alca talking to Oregon Public broadcasting about her experience at Adventure. CADing funny, they never get the cats on tape talking about it. Congratulations Kelly. You got it right. You're in a point for Roy. You have won our prize, the voice of your choice and your voicemail. Thank You so much for playing and enjoy the holidays with your son home from England. Take care. Thanks, bye-bye. And now, the game we call Not my job. Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone have been married for 19 years and in that time they have written, produced, directed, and or starred and six films together, including The Boss and Thunder Force. And that is apart from the other movies Melissa has starred in like Bridesmaids and can you ever forgive me?


And yes, also, they produced two children. Their latest project is a podcast called Hilde, the Barback and the Lake of Fire. Melissa and Ben, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Thank You. So lemme start here. I always wonder this, you guys have been at the height of Hollywood fame and power. You have your own production company, Melissa, you've been nominated for two different Oscars. Why throw that all away to do a podcast? Well, was Ben's, Ben's idea. I mean, Ben, Ben as a child, when I was like, God knows what I was doing, would just constantly read all of the Lord of the Rings.


So this is very much in his DNA, it's kind of a, a middle earth comedy. And Ben, well, you you explained it, it sounded brain. Yeah. Well, while other people like Melissa were probably dating, I was playing and you know, reading these books. And so a friend of ours, Steve Mallory, who co-created the podcast with us, came to me with this idea of just doing, you know, sort of, you know, that style, fantasy style of a podcast. Because one thing about these worlds is, is that women are very rarely featured. So we wanted to do a a, a show where men mess everything up and funny women have to come to the rescue.


Yes, Of course we read this, that when you perform this thing, this fantasy thing, you're wearing costumes even though no one can see you. Is that true? I I, I I would wear a costume to brush my teeth. So if you put me in the middle ages, I'm gonna have some kind of armor and helmet on no matter what because you so there, that means I'm definitely not a nerd. That's true. Def Definitely. Do you, do we read that you have a, a remarkable collection of costumes and wigs in your home? Is that the case? Yeah. Does. I thought everybody had that. That's not I do. She Thank You. Thank You. I was like, like our Christmas parties are costume parties that have nothing to do with Christmas.


So do, do the costume parties have like a theme that's a non Christmas theme? Y Yes. I mean, it comes like, we did a, what was the Christmas, a Christmas flock of seagulls. So it was eighties hairbands with a but with a kiss of Christmas. Yep. And then we did Hollywood Bears and what was that one called? We did, we did Hollywood bears and other woodland creatures. So woodland Creatures. Right. So you could come as a Hollywood bear, which is a, a super cute gay hunky guy from West Hollywood or a squirrel. Right. I I I read, by the way, and by the way, I read a lot of this in a incredibly elaborate people magazine chronology of your entire relationship, which I guess is a cool thing to have out there in the world.


Does That exist? It does, it does. It starts when you were both teenagers in Illinois and it extends to the present day. And one of the things it mentions is that you, both of you once went to an Oscar after party wearing velour tracksuits and people got mad. Yeah. I mean, I flipped off a lot because everybody, so many people change and they're in yet another kind of beautiful, but maybe not the most comfortable thing. Or someone's in like another pair of high heels. And then Ben and I came in in tracksuits and like, you know, shell toe Adidas shoes and people were, can I, can I, I don't know if I can throw fingers, I'll keep it clean.


But literally you just see people that you hadn't met yet. But I was like, oh, I can't wait to meet that person. And they were just like, Really? But I do it again now. I'm like, oh, I crack. I felt like I cracked the code. Sure. Speaking of that timeline of your relationship, you guys met as teenagers here in Illinois, right? You both grew up here? Yeah. I, so I'm from Carbondale, Illinois where SIU is. Yes. Hey. All right. And I remember I was sort of like, you know, so this is the eighties and I had like the swooped haircut and the earring and a clockwork orange t-shirt and you know, that vibe.


And a lot of my friends all had that sort of similar vibe. And we saw these people walk across the strip we call it down there, and they looked, you know, very goth and very cool. And I remember one of my friends going, I wish my mom would let me trust like that. And and it was, it was Melissa. It was Melissa, Yeah. And it was probably, I probably had a full length cape on and God knows what else. And it was probably like in southern Illinois, like 98 degrees, pure humidity. And I, I'm sure it was like a real clam bait going on in the right. Moving on the People magazine timeline of the marriage of Ben and Melissa.


You, you saw each other, or at least Ben, you saw Melissa, but you actually met doing like in an improv comedy group in LA famously the Groundlings. Do you remember Melissa, if, like, what caught your attention about Ben? I, I actually do the, the first class we had when we, he, we all had to do like quick monologues and everyone was so loud and we were all trying so hard to be funny, but it was just loud and crazy and obnoxious. And then Ben got up there and was super quiet, super creepy. He was a prison inmate and he was welcoming his new cellmate and he's like, I just think we're gonna get along so well. And it was so quiet and I was like, and for some reason when I say it out loud, I realized, I'm like, boy, this guy's super creepy.


Maybe I'll get to marry him. Yeah. Well Melissa and Ben, it is a real pleasure to talk to you and we've invited you here to play a game. We're calling Melissa and Ben meet Melissa and Doug. Melissa and Doug since your parents, you might know that that is the company founded in 1988 by Melissa and Doug Bernstein to sell traditional wooden toys. We're gonna ask you three questions about this company and its products. Answer two of them correctly. You'll win our prize. One of our listeners, the voice of whomever they like from our show Bill, who are Melissa and Ben playing for Jeff Spray of Anderson, South Carolina. Alright, here's your first question.


Although they eventually became very famous and successful for their wooden puzzles and play sets, their first big product, Melissa and Doug was what? A a half hour long VHS videotape that encouraged kids to make friends by playing the kazoo. BA blank block of wood and a chisel sold with the name Imagination Play set Or CA quote, anti-war toy that was a flower you could stick in the barrel of other kids' toy guns. I want all three of these to be real. I think maybe it's the a first One.


A I would say a too. Oh, That was very collaborative. Yes. A you're right, it is a, the video is called you on kazoo. It did not sell well. So they moved on to actually making toys. But you can see it online because it went viral in the two thousands and it is terrible. Here's your next question. In 2023, Melissa and Doug sold their company to a billion dollar toy conglomerate called Spin Masters. But even that giant company had humble beginnings. What was Spin Masters Very first toy a a box of cereal rebranded as a food fight kit.


Be a short yo-yo called yo that all with a string so short with a string so short it just dangled. Or C Earth buddies, which was a nylon socks stuffed with sawdust and grass seeds. Earth, Buddy. I, I find myself drawn to sea. Yeah, me too earth buddy. You're both drawn to sea and you're both correct. It was really successful. They sold thousands of them and went on to great things. Alright, here's your last question. These days their most popular products, Melissa and Doug include playset that allow kids to pretend they're doing adult things, including a get well doctor activity center that is so realistic.


It even includes what? A, a real working X-ray machine BA credit card swiper for when your insurance doesn't cover the visit. Or c an exam table with stirrups. What? Inclusive. Inclusive It is? Yes. Very much so. I want it to be C, but I think it's B. What do you think? I think maybe, maybe A, but now it's gonna be B. 'cause I've, I did I I'm wrong. I'm gonna say C. We're parting ways. Alright. This is fascinating. I I think it's an amazing sort of glimpse into your working process. So Ben, you're picking a, which was the real working X-ray machine.


Melissa, you're picking C the example? No, I'm Gonna switch. I'm switching to C. You're switch to C. Oh, wow. Alright, now we see how the movie gets married. Made. All right, so you're both, you're both choosing Ben, you're following Melissa's lead and going to see the exam table with disturbs. It was actually B, the credit card swiper the detail. You choke Me out of it. The detailed medical place it is supposed to quote, ease kids fears of doctor's visits, including the part where the insurance company refuses to cover the visit. I guess, bill, how did Melissa and Ben do in our quiz? Well, they Did great. Two out of three means you're a winner here.


Congratulations, You've Won. You can now change into your tracksuits to be comfortable at the after party. We don't mind. Ben Falcone and Melissa McCarthy are the husband and wife duo behind the Lemon's Hit podcast. Hilde, the Barback on the lake of Fire. You can listen to all of season one, wherever you might get your podcast. Melissa and Ben, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me what you Gonna like to meet you. Take care. Bye. Home. How you guys byebye? Nice. Start In just a minute. Bill offers a delicious beauty tip that will give you that medium rare look in our listener Limerick challenge.


Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait for join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me. From NPR


At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our Rum from a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To The labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for? The stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


Cell phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award. He praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


This message comes from stamps.com. If you run a business that requires a lot of mailing and shipping, use stamps.com. You'll save time and money by printing, postage tracking packages, and scheduling free pickups all in one easy to use dashboard. More than 4 million customers have relied on stamps.com. Let stamps.com do what they do best so you can spend your time doing what you do better. Go to stamps.com/npr to sign up for a special offer. No contract, cancel any time. That's stamps.com/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Roy Blanc Jr. Harri, Klu, and Dul say Sloan. And here again is your host at the Studebakers Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thanks so much everybody. In just a minute, bill wants you to simply have a wonderful Christmas rhyme Aw and our listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. But first it is time for a game. We call Doctors thought The news was filled recently with stories about doctors thinking they had the diagnosis right, only for it to turn out to be something else.


So we're gonna ask you to fill in the blank rapid fire style on some of these headlines about what doctors thought. Get yours right, you get a point. So what we'll do is we'll just ask you to take your best guess as what the blank is. Here we go. First one's for you. Hari. Fill in the blank on this headline from the Telegraph Newspaper. Doctors thought I blanked a koala. I Birthed a koala. No, it was doctors thought I got chlamydia from a koala. No, they have it. Yep. I thought they got vaccine. Didn't they come up with a Vaccine? They did did, but the koalas is so, got it. Turns out that this particular patient just had pneumonia. Apparently, as you indicate, chlamydia is very common in koalas. It's really easy to catch it from them.


That's at least that's what that koala told me when she turned me down for a date. I don't say full in the blank on this headline from the Washington Post. Doctors thought she had a deadly disease, but she was just allergic to blank Talking to men. No, The real headline was doctors thought she had a deadly disease, but she was just allergic to her own tattoo. Roy, fill in the blank on this headline from the Telegraph. Doctors thought she was pregnant with twins, but it was blank. It was very small triplets. No, You went the other way. The real headline was the doctors thought she was pregnant with twins, but it was just one giant baby.


Ooh. Yeah. Thank You for playing doctor's thought. Because remember, malpractice makes mal perfect. And now some questions about the rest of the week's news. Roy. This week a new study found that what has five times as many germs as toilet seats. It's a food thing, right? It's Not a food thing. It's not a food. It's a, it's a thing that a lot of people have in their homes on a seasonal basis. And this is the season. Christmas tree. Christmas tree, something on your Christmas tree. Oh, Well a little bulb. Yeah. Christmas ornaments. Ornaments. What? Yeah. Oh, It's the most filthy time of the year because they are handled so often and never washed Christmas ornaments can be one of the germiest things in your house.


Huh? So for a safer holiday, you can either disinfect the decorations as you put them on the tree or go the easy route and start putting all your presents underneath the toilet bowl. Ah, yeah. But they're not handled that often. They're only handled once a year. It's true. But then you never clean them. So over years, you know, all that grime and hand stuff gets all over them. So there's a whole civilization growing. Yes. On the ornaments over the course of a year. Yes, exactly. What do, How? Where's this Pixar movie? Hurry. A group of entrepreneurs in Russia is offering to take some of the work out of the holiday season offering what? For sale to anyone who wants it on the internet for up to $50 a pair.


There's two. That means there's two of them. There's Two of them. Okay. Shoes. No shoes. Hands, feet. They rep eyes. You, you, they represent hands and arms. Hands and arms for a specific purpose. This sounds gross hands, I'll give you a hint. Some of them come in a package deal with a carrot and a corn cob pipe. Oh, A-A-A-A-A-A. Frosty the Snowman kit. Well, I'll give it to you. Snowman. Hands. That is sticks. What There's selling snowman hands. Russian online marketplaces are flooded with ads for artisanally plucked natural snowman arms with prices ranging from about $5.


And basically those are just sticks to $50 for Well those are also just sticks. The ad for the $50 pair of reads. We have a super offer, new shiny, creative hands for your snowman. Your snowman will become a star and your neighbors will definitely envy you on quote. Is this for other Russians? Presumably? Yes. They're gonna get killed. How are they gonna get killed? Because They, they're gonna realize I can go outside and get sticks. Well, no, no they won't because the last thing you wanna do is cross Russian arms dealers. Oh, Coming up.


It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the gamer. You have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago and come see us on the road. Check back in the new year for upcoming road shows near you. For tickets and information, go to npr presents.org and you can also check out our sister podcast, how to Do Everything. This week, Mike and Ian make me taste some new eggnog recipes and I barely escape with my life. Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is Becky from Madison, Wisconsin. Oh, Madison is great. A beautiful and cultured town.


I love it there. What do you do for fun? Oh, For fun. I guess I I Jigsaw puzzle and read and go hiking and walk around the lakes. Oh yeah, they have those there. Does she take her Cat? Do Do you take your cat when you hike around the lakes? I wish. I think that will be a goal in the new year. Sure, absolutely. For you. If not the cat. Well, welcome to the show Becky. Bill Curtis is gonna perform for you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly and to the limericks, you will be a winner. You ready to go? I'm ready. Here's your first limerick Brushing Fidos. A bit of a s slug, but as pet owner, I go whole hog.


First I taught him to sit, now I use him to knit. I spun yarn with the hair from my Dog. Yes, from your dog. Dog. Fur knitting is back baby. According to a new op-ed, after its initial heyday in the nineties, people are once again collecting their dog's hair, spinning it into yarn and knitting it into disgusting little sweaters. Why stop there? You know, why not collect all your dog's drool and throw it in your Brita? People Advocating for dog hair garments argue it's warmer than sheep's wool.


And also animal shelters just don't have any sheep. You can also collect all the material you need by sitting on any dog owner's couch. Wait, this was a, A trend in the Past. This is a trend in the nineties and it's come back making sweaters out of your dog hair. You take the dog hair, you collect it, brush it out, whatever. You have to spin it into yarn and then you knit a sweater and nobody will know that you're wearing clothing made out of dog fur unless of course you wear it in the ring. Y'all wear it. You mean to tell me that There's people in here that act like that they wouldn't wear a dog hair too good for your own dog.


Here is your next limerick. Hot men aren't hard-edged or futile and rodent dudes pack your caboodle A modern, cute jet A He's barely aldente. He is skinny and limp like a Noodle. Yes. Noodle. Move over rat boys. The new Hollywood heartthrob archetype is noodle boys actually stay there. Rat boys. A lot of you're the same people. We're talking about these floppy haired, wispy armed Hollywood stars like Timothy Chalamet and Thin Wolfhard, who I refuse to believe is not a character from the Flintstones. According to the New York Times, our pop culture fixation has moved away from men who look like they spend hours in the gym to men who look like they've just coughed up blood into a handkerchief.


I don't like this man. I don't like this man. I've never liked this man. Which man? A wisp of a man, A wisp of a fellow Girl. I don't want a man's gonna fall through a crack in the floor. I'm a whole woman. Wait, So the rat Boy craze, who? Who was in the The rat Boy that was last summer. Timothy Last summer. We were told that all the guys were into rat Boys Who were these sort of vaguely fal or I guess looking guys. So Timothy shaman. Yeah. Basically whatever till Timothy Shaman looks like. Now that's the trend, right? I can't wait till that boy hits puberty. Here is your last limerick. From this tallow. My skin gets relief, but the Internet's giving me grief.


The fat from a cow makes a wrinkle free brow. So I'm rubbing my face with some Beef. Beef, yes. According to the New York Times, more and more people are turning to beef tallow. That's beef fat is a cheap and natural alternative to commercial skincare products. So stop shopping for skincare at Sephora. Start shopping at the dumpster behind a Ruth Scri Steakhouse. Users claim slathering pure beef fat on their faces, makes their skin look nourished and gives them that fresh off the grill glow. So it's dog hair and beef. Tell Basically. Yeah. So basically we're just England in the 15, Right?


Bill, how did Becky do in our quiz? She Is a champion. Becky, good job. Congratulations Becky. Well done. You still cheer for Becky? Is this okay? No cheer for Becky. Congratulations and thanks so much for playing. Thank You. This Was fun. Bye bye. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you.


Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast At NPRs pop culture happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


Now it is time for our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Dante And Ro each have two. Yes. And ha has three. Alright, so why don't we do this? Since Dlce and Roy are in second place, DLCE, I will start with you. Wow. You ready to play? 'cause you were eager to go. Here we go. Dlce, you're Up First. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Monday, doctors in Louisiana confirmed the first severe human case of blank flu in the US bird. Yes. On Tuesday, the Supreme Court agreed to hear a case that could effectively ban social media app blank. Right?


This week, the Biden administration set new pollution goals to help combat blank climate Change. Right? On Thursday, the Teamsters launched the largest ever strike against online shopping. Giant blank Amazon. Right This week, a man in Singapore who drove directly into a guarded military camp said he did it because he wanted to blank get no, he just wanted to see. He said how security would react. On Wednesday the CDC confirmed that US blank had risen to 78.4 years Average age. A life expectancy. Life expectancy, right? According to a new study, moderate blanking may be healthier than tea.


Totaling what? Oh, drinking. Right. 80 people got food poisoning at an LA Times event celebrating blank Food. Good enough they got food poisoning at an event, celebrating the best restaurants in la. A norovirus outbreak linked to oysters, poisoned 80 people who paid $159 to get into a celebration of the finest cuisine in the city with the people who paid 350 for VIP tickets. Getting VIV. Very important vomiting. Yeah. Yeah.


Well, oysters are worth it. Are they? Yeah. Yeah. Bill, how did Dulce do in our quiz? Dulce got seven, right? For 14 more points, a total of 16. Dulce has the lead. Alright. Alright, Roy, you're up next. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, a house panel voted to release the ethics report on blank. Matt, great Gate. That's Right. On Monday, Olaf Schultz, the Chancellor of Blank, lost a no confidence vote. Sweden, No Germany This week. This week, the Federal Reserve cut blanks by a quarter point. We got the interest rate Right on Wednesday, the FAA reported that over 100 blanks had been hit by laser pointers this month. Ooh, planes right, Airplanes.


This week a woman in California sued her parents because she claimed they gave her blank Chlamydia. No, They gave her all of their ugliest genes. On Monday, US entomologists confirmed that the invasive blank Hornet threat had been eliminated. The Bandit Hornet, the Outlaw Hornet, the illegal Hornet, the You're So close. No, it's the, it's the Murder Hornet. Murder Hornet. This Week a criminal in Massachusetts was caught by police after he got stuck trying to blank Get through a miserable round of questioning. Whoa. No. He was caught while trying to escape down a family's chimney.


Ah. After evading police by jumping from roof to roof, the man made a huge mistake when he got stuck trying to escape down a chimney. There's the nice list and there's the naughty list, but it's so rare we get somebody on Santa's. Stay in your lane list. Bill, how did Roy do in our quiz? Three. Right? Six more points. Total of eight for Roy. All right. How many then does Hurry need to win? Seven to win. Seven win. All right, here we go. Hurry. This is for the game. On Thursday, Luigi Mangione agreed to be extradited do blank for his trial. New York. Right. On Wednesday, open AI announced that you can now use a one 800 number to call Blank Dominoes. Nicole Chat, GPT.


This week NASA confirmed that the two astronauts stuck on the blank will be there till late March. Spaceship, right? Well, space Station. On Wednesday, Taylor Swift threw a huge party to celebrate the end of her blank tour s tour. Right This week, a report revealed that the owner of the New York Jets is s Scuffled to trade for Star receiver Jerry Judy, because blank slept of his wife. No, because his player rating in the Madden video game was too long. In a possible link to climate change, researchers warned that some blanks had become carnivores. Her herbivores, No squirrels. A squeamish man whose wife was in the bathroom sick with food poisoning, was able to comfort her and keep his distance by blanking, Hiding under the bed. No.


He comforted her from a safe distance by rubbing her back with a Swiffer mop. Well, His wife cradled the toilet. The husband was hiding in the hallway and rubbing her back from about four feet away with her Swiffer. It was a gesture runner just around the corner from Sweet. It was so nice. He also sent the Roomba in when he had to step away. So there was somebody there at least to repeatedly bump her. Bill. Did Hurry do well enough to win? No. We got three, right? Six more points. Nine is the total, but guess who won? Don say, Coming up, our panelists predict what would be the best Christmas present of the year.


But first, let me tell you that. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. It's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircare Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ker writes our Limerick. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Leaderman composer at Theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Vinny Thomas and Monica Hickey Santa. His little helper is Peter Gwynn. Emma Choi is our vibe curator, technical direction from Lorna White. Our C ffo is Colin Miller, our production managers Robert Newhouse, our senior producers, Ian Schlock and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Michael Danforth now panel? What will be the best present received this year? Hurry, come to Blu. The Earth is one year closer to getting these pesky humans outta here.


Roy Blount Jr. Jimmy Carter will get heaven with a high five from a blinker. And don't say Sloan, Mr. Scrooge is gonna wake up on Christmas morning and save TikTok. Well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it right here on Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks also to Roy Blount Jr. Dul, say Sloan. And hurry Come to Bulu. Thanks to all of you for listening. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at the Studebaker Theater. Happy holidays. From everybody here, I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week.


This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark. Cash plus terms apply.


I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur, so she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR DR.