
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the voice that puts the fun in Defund Public Broadcasting, COPI, Anderson. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Oke. Thank You everybody. We've got a fabulous show for you today. Later on, we are gonna be talking to Amber Maykut, known as the taxi derms to the Stars. Now, among the many things we have already learned from her, stuffed animals are not actually stuffed.


No. They're just trained to stand there. Very still. We are always eager to hear your tricks of the trade. So Give us a call. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you on Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hey, this is Matt calling from Auburn, Alabama. Hey, how are things in Auburn home? Of course, of the university, right? What do you do there? I actually work at the Southeastern Center of Robotics Education. It's an outreach office where we work with teachers to help them get comfortable incorporating educational robotics into their classrooms. Oh, okay. Now I was worried because I thought that meant you taught robots and I think frankly, they're smart enough. You are not the first person I've said that to, that responded with that concern.


Really well. Welcome to our show, Matthew. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First. She's a standup comedian, peacock special Love Joy is now available on JetBlue flights. It's Joel Nicole Johnson. Hey Matt. Do you fly JetBlue? I I, I I promise I will. Starting now. Yes. Hey. Okay. Get your mentor on Next. He's a writer for stage screen. It's something called books and is also the cohost of the podcast. Nobody listens to Paula Poundstone. It's Adam Felber. Hello Matthew. Hey Adam. And finally making her debut on our panel This week. She's a TV writer who also plays Dungeons and Dragons on Dropout.


She's making a feature film even though nobody asked her to. Please welcome Raker Shankar. Hi Matt. Hey Raker. So you're gonna play who's Cheki this time? Chi Ayon filling in for Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from the week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose on your voicemail. Are you ready to go As ready as I can be? Here We go. Your first quote is somebody celebrating a supermarket purchase. I just got approved for financing on a dozen. That was Buzzfeed actually talking about the record. High price of, what Is that? Eggs. It is eggs. Eggs have hit a record high price.


They're expected to rise by at least 20% more this year. This makes grocery shopping so difficult. You have to go to like stop and shop for everything else and then hit Sotheby's For the egg auction This week, the average price for eggs hit $7 a dozen. Well, you know what they say. If you wanna make an omelet, you need generational wealth. I would just like to say that this, I don't relate to this because my boyfriend is a bougie egg buyer, so we've been paying like egg dollars. Oh really? Yes. Have you guys seen the Vital Farms eggs? Yeah. Oh, okay. A couple people know what I'm talking about. You must not have kids either. So those are at $11 now.


Well, what makes them worth $11? It's Like orange yolk. Oh, the yolk is Orange. As opposed to the sad gray yolks that We've been getting. Exactly. The sad yellow yolks Prices are up because was a big shortage. It's due to bird flu. A lot of other things, and this is true, a lot of grocery stores are limiting each customer to just two cartons of eggs. And even worse, some are just selling loosies, I feel like is, am I nuts? Two dozen eggs per person seems reasonable As a little bit, yeah, we, we were wondering, it's like people who walk in and go just 24 eggs and one day, how Am I supposed to get through till tomorrow with only 24 eggs?


But, but a admit you want 'em more now than you used to. They're Valuable. They're valuable. Exactly. You just buy 'em and hold them and I'm sure in a couple of years they'll be worth even more. Alright, Your next quote Matthew, is from Timothy Shaima. I put on 20 pounds because believe it or not, I was thinner than the guy Shaima was talking about how he prepared for his role as what famous singer Nobel laureate Bob Dylan. That's Right. Bob Dylan. Despite appearing in the movie a complete unknown as Dylan with the physique best described as when he took his shirt off, I was worried about him.


Timothy Chalamet says he gained 20 pounds to play Bob Dylan. How can that possibly be? Where is it? Maybe he has like this amazing dump truck. He's never turned toward the camera. Well, He's not special. 'cause I did the same thing to prepare for the role of me in the pandemic. There you are. Yeah, And everybody appreciated your dedication to the craft. The thing is, who thought you would have to gain weight to play a young Bob Dylan? His favorite food back then was cigarettes. Oh, you missed his fat period. Yeah. When he was singing Tangled up in Stew, like a rolling scone. The pants sizes. They are a change in Lays Lady Lays stuck inside the mobility scooter.


Memphis Blues, again, Blubber on the tracks. Anyway, this Is the story of the Dairy Queen. Hurricane. Are you freestyling right now? Yeah. Crazy. Oh my goodness. Whether or not he did it. Isn't this like a thing to get an award? Because isn't it true right, that you, your, your odds of getting an Oscar are always increased if you had to make yourself either older or uglier to get the role The Hollywood, Right? Yes. Instead of hiring someone with the body type, they're like, no, Christian Bale must alone lose 4,000 pounds in one year and then gain them back the next year.


Yeah, exactly Right. And instead of hiring an ugly chick, they was like, char Wrong. They're like, they're like, monster Must be Char Sarah. Yeah. Give trolls work. Come on. It really, really, when you think about it, it does seem unfair to the homely community. We are thriving and we just need work. Alright, here is your last quote. 51% of Americans suffer from peaty. That was from a recent study that finds peaty is a growing problem. That is the anxiety that you're gonna miss something when you do what When you go to the bathroom. Exactly right.


According to a new survey, 51% of people put off going to the bathroom for fear of missing something fun. This is why if I'm in the middle of like a great conversation, but I gotta use the bathroom, I say, Hey everybody, let's take this to the toilet. Missing something fun. And is that based on experience? Like people coming back from the bathroom and being like, now they're having more fun. Like if you come back from the bathroom and people are having more fun than when you left, you are the problem. That's true. And people start plying you with more drinks, right? Yeah. Can make you go again. Yeah. Yeah. I have a terrible bladder. Shout out to the terrible bladder community and yeah. Okay. I feel seen and I'm just, I hate how long movies are now, right?


Like there should be intermissions because like I had to pee right before Defying Gravity and Wicked. No, like holding your pee during that song is very terrible. Yeah. Which, and she hits that high note. Everything releases, that's like ah. Absolutely. And they stalled a good 20 minutes before that song actually got sung. So you were, you were in pain on Babe. Absolutely. Ain't that much Kegels in the world. I feel like, I Feel like I have the opposite of anxiety. What? Noie? Yeah. Pe i anxiety. I'm more, that's, you Know what? I'm gonna stop. I wanna hear a story, but anxiety is better, is better. It's a better name. It is better. It's better, It's better. I feel more confident when I go to the bathroom. That's my chill zone.


That's where I do my connections or my wordle. I'm like in the zone, in the bathroom, I gain strength. It's, it's like, it's a confidence, right? P confident, p Confidence. Right. So you, you, you, you're not having pe anxiety, you're having like pee yearning. Yeah. I Yearned to pee. You're like, this movie stinks. This party is awful, but soon I will be urinating. Yes. That's how you're and That's what I'm looking forward To. I understand. I understand. And besides, you don't need to stop a conversation when you go to the bathroom. That's what FaceTime is for. Alright. Jokey. How did Matthew do in our quiz? No zeros. Just ones. Hey Matthew, Get all three. Right? Congratulations Matthew. Thanks so much.


Oh, Thank you so much for having Bye-bye. Thank You. Right now panel, it's time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Joelle, bad news for people who want to take advantage of the low fares and clean austere aesthetic of Spirit Airlines. Ugh. A new policy says they won't let you board if you appear to be too What? Pretty, I don't know. I don't Close enough. I'm gonna give it to you. The answer is sexy. Yes. What? That's why I don't fly Spirit Period. Exactly. You know, And that's why I'm on spirit All the time.


Spirit Airlines, this is true, has announced a, you're not leaving the airport wearing that policy. You cannot board if you have a bare midriff or exposed breasts or buttocks or are wearing see-through clothes. This is unreasonable. If I could afford clothes, I wouldn't be flying Spirit. What's, what's the downside? Why don't you want sexy dressed people on a plane? What, what happens when that happens? They have not explained that, but they believe it's distracting to other passengers. What are The other passengers doing that's so Important? And here's the thing I have, you're sitting together in a, in a tube Having flown Spirit Airlines. The one thing you very much want while flying Spirit Airlines is to be distracted from the fact you're flying Spirit Airlines.


Yeah. You know who I think should be banned? What? People with open toed shoes on the airplane. Really? Dad, it's gross. By the way, you're also not allowed to have lewd for vulgar tattoos On Spirit. On Spirit Airlines. Oh, 'cause I've seen it on Delta. I'm too sexy Coming up. Our panelists make some beer money in our Bluff listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more And Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bour Identity Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in. We're a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR


At Planet Money will take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for? The stupid guy here, they're old, smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson filling in for Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Adam Felber, Reka Hunker, and Joel Nicole Johnson. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You G Yoki. Thank You everybody. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi around. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, Peter. Hi. Who's this?


Alexis from? Chicago. Chicago All. What are the most of the amazing things to do here in Chicago? What do you like best? Oh, my favorite place is the cultural center. Actually, it's that Tiffany dome that does it for me. It's fabulous. That free museum right in the middle of downtown facing Millennium Park. Gorgeous. What are the many always an art installation there. Yeah. Oh, It's fabulous. What are the many jewels of our city? For those of you who don't know, what is the city paying you, Peter? Not enough. Well, welcome to our show, Alexis. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Chokey. What is Alexis's topic? Every day I am hustling.


Every day I am hustling. Every day I'm hustling. Good. Go. It's nice to make a little extra money in your side hustle. You know, like a lemonade stand or tax evasion? Our panelists are gonna tell you about a unique side gig we read about in the news. Pick the one who's telling the truth and win the wait waiter of your choice in your voicemail. Are you ready to apply? Heck yeah. Heck yeah. Let's do it. Let's hear first from Joelle Nicole Johnson. Elaine Smalls of Decatur, Georgia is royalty in her social circles. She's been adept in her life at an odd talent returning anything, an ability that has earned her the moniker, the takeback queen. Now you can hire Elaine for anything from returning an old laptop that ConEd out past its warranty to furniture your child destroyed.


She doesn't even need a receipt. Final sale isn't in her vocabulary. Her most popular service is her send back special for $20 and the price of an Uber, she will come to the restaurant you're eating at and send the food back that you do not like. She'll even teach you how to do it yourself. Baby steps. First you learn to send back a dish because you didn't order it. After just a couple of weeks, you'll be comfortable sending back dishes based on vibes alone. None of your friends will go to dinner with you anymore, but at least you're getting what you want. Her disclaimer, I only do this for large corporations. Mom and pop stores are safe from my cordial indignation. When asked if she feels bad about taking advantage of corporations, her pos eat the rich they can afford it.


A woman Who is paid to return or send back. Things you don't want when you don't have the gumption to do it. And your next story of a little something on the side comes from Adam Felber. You're a nerd on a date with a woman who's way outta your league. Who knows why she swiped right on you. But here you are Worse as you come back from the men's room, your date is being harassed by a huge scraggly haired ruffian who is nearly twice your size. You act quickly putting yourself between the interloper and your date. You yell at him, warn him off, make karate hands and give him a firm shove on his meaty shoulder. And somehow miraculously he backs off your date looks at you with newfound admiration. You are the hero. What she doesn't know is that her harasser is a 28-year-old Malaysian named Shali Suleman.


And you hired him for exactly this moment. Yes, Shali is a self-proclaimed villain for hire and he recently started advertising his services on Facebook with the pitch line. Are you tired of your partner thinking you are weak for a reasonable fee? I can help you prove it wrong. Although there are some obvious public disturbance risks involved, our entrepreneur insists it's all harmless. Quote, it's all an act like WWE. No one gets hurt. I am the only loser. A man who rents himself out. So you can beat him up and impress your date. Your last bit of business comes from Reka Shankar.


Every night is fight night for Ellen Walkman. In Conshohocken, Pennsylvania school teacher Ellen Walkman is channeling her skills into a nighttime gig as a family judge. Someone who can come to your family's house and hang back on the walls like a chameleon until a fight breaks out. And then she will say who was right. Like many teachers, she has a rigorous preparation process Before arriving to this job as a family judge, she asks the clients what color their walls are so that she can buy a shirt that blends into the walls to the point that she's unnoticeable to the family. At one recent gig, Walkman explains how Uncle Joe and Aunt Doreen were having a pig roast, but no one wanted to clean up the carcass.


When it was time for her to settle the fight, she did what any good judge would do. I made them wrestle. Walkman says her new side gig has become quite lucrative and outside of the odd brawler two, she can decide any fight in 60 seconds or less. The secret always side with the mom. Alright, these are your choices. Somebody has come up with a pretty lucrative side hustle providing an unusual, but it turns out much needed service. Was it from Joel, Nicole Johnson, a woman who will come to wherever you are and return the thing that you bought. But now you do not want including restaurant dishes from Adam Felber, a man who will show up and pretend to threaten you. So you can pretend to beat him up.


So your date will be very impressed with your manliness or womanliness, whichever, Or From Kar, a woman who works as a family judge who will be at your house. I, when fight breaks out, she will leap in to decide who is in the right. Which of these is the real story of a side hustle we found in the news? Well, choice B does just sound like dating in Chicago. And as a single person I, I understand, but I think I'll have to go with Joelle. Oh Wait, Wait a minute. Okay. You thought that choice B, that was Adam's story, right? You thought like that sounded like dating in Chicago. Does this happen to you all the time? It sounds very plausible.


Like somebody would do it. It sounds like it's already a a scheme, but I will have to go with Joelle. Alright, you're just gonna pick Joelle's story. Okay, Joelle, of course, that is the story of the woman who will come to wherever you are and return what you do not want no matter what they say about it. Well, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to someone who knows a lot about this real story. Most women would agree that it would be a huge turnoff, if not a deal breaker to witness their boyfriend beating someone up. No way. Yes. Way. She gasped. Yes. Way. It turns out Adam was telling the truth as I tried to indicate He didn't want me to get a point.


Oh, she's A Chicagoan. I was on her side, but none. I also wanna like, I think your reaction to like the idea of like somebody hiring somebody to beat them up was like, oh, that's old hat. I've seen that a million times. I can't be the real, no, I've done it. It's no big deal. Not a new thing. It's All right. Well anyway, you have not won our prize, but you did win a story. Not only did you win a point for Joelle, but I think you have endorsed a brilliant business idea. Yes. 'cause as I heard you describing it, I was like, I want to hire that woman today. Absolutely. Absolutely. Thank You so much for playing. Take care. Bye-bye. Alexis Hero.


And now the game where we ask people about things they know nothing about. We call it not my job. Amber Maykut grew up as a young woman in New Jersey with an odd interest taxidermy. They thought she was crazy, but after years of work, she has now become quote the taxidermist to the stars. We're delighted she's joining us now. From her, not at all. Creepy studio. Amber Maykut, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hi. Hi. It's, it's, it's great to see you. You're, you're appearing on our screens from your studio surrounded by some of your work, which is very impressive. Thank You. First of all. Thank You. What does, we saw that you were called Taxi Dermis to the Stars. What exactly does that mean? How did you earn that title?


I guess that a lot of celebrities have bought stuff for me or commissioned work for me, or I go to their houses and fix their taxidermy and hang it up for them. Can you describe, without breaking any confidences, what the kind of work you've done for some of these people? Let's see. So for Drew Barry Moore, I did some framed butterflies to hang on the wall and then to, for Amy Saris, I did a pheasant. And then for Adam Jones used the guitarist of tool. I did a ram head with four horns on it and a goat head for the band Slayer. I'm sure, I'm sure the goat heads are very popular with the whole heavy metal genre.


Right? They all need the goat heads. Yeah, definitely. Could you, I, I mean, I think people should understand this, that when we're talking about your taxidermy, for the most part, we're not talking about the what they're thinking of, which is like, I don't know, a deer head, you know, mounted above a bar or in a cabin somewhere. Could you describe your work and what makes it special? Sure. A lot of what I do is called anthropomorphic taxidermy. So it's kind of giving life a human characteristics or activities to the taxidermy. So behind me here, I have like a raccoon cowboy. So it's a raccoon wearing a cowboy hat and a red bandana around his neck. And he is doing finger guns with his paws.


You know, I, I didn't look closely before, but I'm gonna say that's exactly what that is. Yeah, Yeah, It is. And that one's actually for Justin Long and Kate Bosworth, that's shipping to la and then the one next to it is actually a squirrel riding a horse, waving a cowboy hat, cowboy theme happening here. And that one's for Maura Tierney, who's an actress from the show. Er Yes, yes. So that One was actually part of her personal collection. And it was an antique that was really like worn down and the fur falling out. So I repair, I remounted the whole thing. So it's a fresh mount on the original horse with the original hat. So I have so many questions.


I, yeah. Let, let's, let's, let's just focus on Justin Long's raccoon with the cowboy hat and the finger guns. Yes. So that one is, was probably one of my best sellers that went viral online. I made one once and then I put it online in my online shop that people could just click and buy it and then I just, Right. So, but so that was like your idea. It's like Justin Long's like, God, he saw that he was, I must have that and so, so he could just stand in front of it in his own presumably palatial Hollywood home and just make little pew pew noises, right? I guess so. Yeah. So you came up with it. Where did that come from? Were you like thinking about raccoons and going, you know, what would make them even better?


Oh geez. I don't know. I write down things in the middle of the night sometimes that make no sense at all. So who knows? Do, do you have a a, can I ask, some people come to you now with commissions, right? They say we want this. Yep. Can you tell us the weirdest thing you've been asked to do? Oh geez. I don't know. Nothing seems weird anymore. Right. Sometimes I have to pause and wonder if I'm getting trolled or people are messing with me or if this is a serious request or not. But sometimes people will send in photos of people or be like, can you make a mouse look like my boyfriend? And like, send photos of their boyfriend. Can you make a mouse look like their boyfriend?


Yeah. Like make different, you know, their outfit basically. And like records that they, like they're holding and stuff. It was Rat Boy summer recently. Is there, like, do taxi dermis have like their own aesthetic? Like what, what makes a great taxidermy? What do you, what do you even call it? A great work of taxidermy. Yeah. Amount. A good mount. A good mount. Thank You. So taxidermy is, if you see like the mannequin behind me on the one side. So this is a Himalayan goat on one side. Yeah. That's mounted with the skin on it already. And the one on the other side is just a mannequin with just a form. So it's an anatomically correct mannequin to that specimen.


How do You get anatomically correct models of animals? Or do you make them? So there's taxidermy supply companies, dozens of them in the US where you can order, you know, your deer mannequin or skunk mannequin. And then you basically, it's kind of tailoring in reverse. You whittle down your mannequin or build up your mannequin to custom fit it to your skin. And then you use glass eyes that are also anatomically correct to the specimen, to the millimeter, a wire for the tail. And then you do, you know, you kind of clay for musculature and sculptural work and sew it up, do your hair and makeup, do your airbrushing painting. So there's a lot, it's a lot of sculpture. Yeah. This is how I get ready in the morning too.


Yeah, You're just basically a poly Core. There's like tons of molds. Your thing, I mean, obviously you're so deeply invested in this. I myself, growing up in a different part of New New Jersey, I, I have a problem with stuffed animals because I'm one of those people who, if like for example, you're in a room right now where there are a bunch mounted on the wall behind you heads and eyes looking. Whenever I look away, I assume they're moving their heads to stare at me. And I turn and I look back and they're immediately still again. I find it, I find it discomforting to be near all those completely still animals. It's creepy. Do you ever, do you ever, well Thanks for having me on then.


Oh, you're welcome. It was, It was an active courage in my part. Well, Amber Makeup, we have invited you here to play a game. We're calling, They're alive. So as we have been discussing, you specialize in putting deceased animals recreated in people's homes. So we thought we'd ask you about three instances of live animals getting in there. Get two to three, right? You will win our prize for one of our listeners. Are you ready to play? Sure. Alright. Cki, who is Amber Makeup playing for Larry Gold of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Alright, Minnesotans here. Here's your first question on Australian family was surprised when a koala got into their house, especially because it took them a little while to notice it.


Where was it? A on their couch next to a throw pillow with a koala printed on it. B hanging on their Christmas tree as if pretending to be an ornament or C sitting on top of their ceiling fan until that is they turned the ceiling fan on. No, all of the above. No. Yeah, They get around, I'm gonna go with a, you're Gonna go with a, that was on their couch next to a koala throw pillow. And they were like, oh, I guess we have two koala. Oh, you Pick it up. 'cause you're choosing B hanging on their Christmas tree. I guess so. That's right. Oh, Wow. Right. It was like hanging on the Christmas tree.


They like trees. It makes sense. All right, good. Alright, next question. Some people actually welcome wild animals into their homes, including some surprising people. Like which of these? A Britain's king Charles, who not only lets red squirrels into a Scottish estate, but leaves jackets hanging on chairs with nuts in the pockets for them to find B Jamie Fox, who has a deal with local animal control, for them to bring any captured foxes naturally to his house. Or c Peyton Manning who learned to imitate six different mating calls so he could attract animals to his patio. I'll go with a, you're Gonna do it with a Britain's King Charles. You're right. Yeah. He loves those red squirrels. He says, sometimes when I leave my jackets on a chair with nuts in the pockets, I see them with their tails sticking out as they hunt for nuts.


They're incredibly special creatures. I Just, I just, I just thought of a great gift you could send him Not Yeah, yeah, that's true. Alright, Last question. You're doing very well. It's not just houses that can have trouble with wildlife. A high school in Little Rock had a bat infestation, but dealt with it quickly and decisively just by doing what? A, changing their mascot from the running rebels to the fighting bats. B. Rolling the bats as students, which allowed them access to state funds to get rid of the bats. Or c, just seeding control of the school to the bats and making all classes remote for a while.


C. Yes, exactly right. It took them about four days to clear out the bats and clean up everything and bring the students back jokey. How did Amber do in our quiz? Amber Got three taxidermy finger guns. She is a winner. That's great. Do you ha I'm not, before you go, do you have any projects you're particularly looking forward to? Oh, I don't know. I'm looking, I like them all. I love them all. You do. You, you have no, no, no favorites among your many, many animal friends. Amber Maykut is a taxi dermis to the stars and the founder of Brooklyn Taxidermy. You can see her work@brooklyntaxidermy.com.


I recommend it highly. Yes, Amber, well Thank You so much for being on. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Take care. Bye-bye. In just a minute, chokey puts on a chunky cable mid sweater and steals your heart. In our listener Limerick challenge, call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. From NPR, When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential Power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time.


Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term.


From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Shichi Ayson filling in for Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Reka Shanker, Joelle, Nicole Johnson and Adam Felber. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Chichi. Thank You everybody. In just a minute, we try out the hot new thing Everyone is talking about limericks.


If you'd like to play, Give us a call. One triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Adam, an Iowa lawmaker introduced legislation to protect citizens of that state. From what? Grave? Danger. Tidal waves. You're close. It's A, it's a coastal phenomenon. It is a very much a coastal phenomenon. Oceanic phenomenon. Usually Tsunamis. No Big waves. No It So it's something you find in the ocean, not the ocean itself. Sharks, yes. An 18 inch shark bit. An employee at a private aquarium in Des Moines. So some legislators reacted by trying to make petting sharks illegal.


It sounds like victim blaming to me. Yeah, he's going to arrest the shark. The new law would've made it illegal to allow a member of the public to pet a shark and also incurred steep fines for allowing your shark off leash when you're not at the Shark Park. Oh, I agree with that last part. Yeah, I Know. I hate it when you go to like a, just a public park, regular place where kids are and people don't letting their sharks just run around. Just run around everywhere. Come on. Yeah. They let their shark go next to your shark without asking, is my shark friendly? Exactly. Yeah, Exactly. 'cause maybe my shark isn't friendly. Maybe my shark is the one that needs to be on the leash and there. Yeah, totally. By The way, if you're curious, what kind of shark is only 18 inches long? It's called a fish. Sir, you got bit By a fish.


No, no dude, it was a shark. It was crazy. It Was heart so big. It was like, oh yeah. Oh yeah. Reka. This week we learned an effective and new way to flirt that scientists claim is very effective. All you have to do is go up to someone and do what? Give them a little wink. Nobody ever thought of that before. No. It's a good guess though. Ask for a hint. Can I wait a minute? I have a novel idea. Yeah. Can I have a hint? Oh, you're asking me. You're asking me for a hint. Are you flirting with me? Oh, Which is a hint because Okay. Asking a question, I'll give it to you. Asking for help. That's, That was an evil laugh. It Was. Well I thought, I'm like imagining like I'm like, fall fell down bleeding.


And I'm like, can you help me? And they're like, you're flirting. Could you get me Out of this? Well, I am married. No. Apparently they say the best way to flirt with someone to attract their attention and possibly their interest is to ask for help. That's why they made jars so tight. People. You've gotta pick the right question though. The right request for help. There's a difference between, oh hey, what's the way to the subway and what's the best way to keep my two wives from finding out about each other? Mm. There are kinds of asking for help that probably don't work with that. Like, like what? What wouldn't work? Is This a rash or something else? That's the first thing I thought of was like going to a doctor's office.


Yeah. Do that at the dog park. Yeah. All The time in the dog park when I'm walking my shark. Yeah. Shark, can You help me hide this body? Adam, the world monuments fund lists historic sites that are endangered by development or climate change, things like that. This year they added what surprising place to their watch list. Mount Rushmore. No, I'll give you a hint. Maybe they think it is really made of cheese and it will go moldy. The moon. The moon. The Moon. Good news. They're trying to protect the moon. Bad news. We're about to screw up the moon. Wait, what? What? Oh, is this so that we can't run little missions there and build domes And stuff specific?


Well, sort of the idea is yes. Space tourism is getting closer and closer to reality and it's not the world Monuments fund is worried about the moon itself, but we, they wanna protect the sites on the moon. That memorialize human activity. You know, that we left there when we landed, that includes footprints, of course the famous footprints of the moon, the abandoned equipment we left there and even the astronauts trash and yes, their poop. Right. We Wanna preserve that we do is fossilized. Oh no. It's just pretty much, I believe because of the lack of, you know, organisms and such. Exactly as we left it fresh as a daisy as It was. Oh wow. So if we ever need to clone buzz alternatives. Yeah, pretty Much.


I see you tonight. Big mood Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it is the game where you have to listen for the ride. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago and come see us on the road. We'll be at the Walt Disney Theater in Orlando, Florida on March 20th. For tickets and information to all our live shows, go to npr r presents.org. Hi everyone. Why everybody don't tell me. Hi, this is Claire Een from Tacoma, Washington. Well, how are things in beautiful Tacoma? I've been there. It's a great place. It's great. It is very cold.


Oh, I'm so sorry you said Yeah, but I'm seasonably dry, which is maybe. Okay. That's okay. Now. It's a beautiful place. I'm assuming, I'm assuming you spend a lot of time outdoors. Everybody does there. What sort of things do you love to do? I've got a 1-year-old, so keeping busy with him and I'm trying to get back into running. I See. You know what's fun to do is just give them a little headstart. Yeah. Well Claire, welcome to the show. Hansen is gonna read you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks will be a winner. You ready to apply? Yep. Here is your first limerick. Dino up. Chucks more rare than a comet. It's so ancient. We ought to embalm it.


Food from the sea floor. Were wretched up on the shore. We have found some old dino sharks Vomit. Yes, Vomit. Museum officials in Denmark announced This week that an amateur fossil hunter has discovered 66 million year old vomit scientists say that the petrified puke dates back to the time of the dinosaurs. Most likely a freshman dinosaur during orientation. Welcome to Jurassic Barf. This fossil consisted of parts of an animal called a sea Lily and scientists were able to confirm the sample was in fact vomited out because it was found next to two other fossils.


A predator and another predator that held the first one's hair. That makes sense. That's, that's a good friend. Look, I I, I've got two kids. I've seen a lot of vomit. Yeah. If You petrified that, I don't know how I would be able to distinguish it from any other rock. No. They found the little parts and they were able to examine the parts and realized that those parts Oh I see. Been digested. There were chemical Signs. Some of the parts. Okay. Exactly. Gesture. The chemical signs. Of course. Yeah. Chemical signs. Chemical signs. Alright, here is your next limerick. Billy Crystal seems Mary and Pally though. In romcoms he Terry and Dally wheel channel. His passion by aping his fashion. The look from When Harry met Sally.


Yes, Indeed. Very good. According to fashion experts, the hot new look for winter is the bulky sweater worn by Billy Crystal in the movie When Harry met Sally. Because what says I am young and trendy like something a 76-year-old man wore 37 years ago. Okay. So I went, my friend was on snl. Yeah. And she took me there to go see an episode. Right? Yeah. I had to go to the bathroom and she comes in, she was like, you have to leave the bathroom 'cause Billy Crystal needs to use the bathroom. And I was like, what? And then he opens the door and my pants were half down and he was like, I'm sorry, I gotta pee. So Billy Crystal saw me, my pants down.


Okay, it should go. Yep. Now that's a way to flourish. Exactly. It's, I don't Think of that sweater as a good look, But apparently people do. It's come back. That's that Sweater was the look of like, okay, we are gonna have him play a romantic lead. But look at that guy. Listen, I think ugly is like in now. Let's hope. But I'm gonna tell you as a regrettable, heterosexual, it is very sexy when men wear chunky sweaters. Really? Really? To me. Yeah. I like a man who's practical so I like it. Yeah. You know they're safe. They, they look warm. You know, cuddly. Our focus group of two agrees, Peter. They're ready to go lobstering at any moment.


Here is your last limerick Though. My losers a trusty work steed. Its soul has more torque than I need. It's flexing its muscles. These tassels can tussle. It's made for endurance and Speed. Speed. Yes. New balance. Puma and Hoka are all offering the hottest new trend in footwear. Speed loafers. Basically the shoe is a loafer on the top, but a running shoe on the bottom. It's not athleisure, it's ath business. It's a look that says this guy is ready to run but he physically can't. It's An oxymoron. Speed. Loafers. It's an Oxymoron. It is.


It's Like a pillow with wheels. Why make up your mind? Are you loafing or are you moving? This is for the people with passie or whatever. 'cause they're peeing and they're like, Wait a minute, I gotta go see what Doug great British bake off right now and walk from back out of their Bathroom. Yeah. They're loafing at speed. Yes. Jokey. How did Claire do in our quiz With all three, right? Claire has got the rhymes. Congratulations. Well done. Yeah. Claire, Thank You. Thanks so much for playing. Take care. Thanks so much.


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the human cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water.


That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR. Cell Phones. Cars, coffee. How did these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU. Now onto our final game. Lightning Fill in the blank. Each of our players love 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can Each correct answer. Now worth two points. Jokey. Can you give us the scores? Joo and Adam have three. Reka has got two.


Okay, So that means Reka. You're in second place all by yourself. So the clock will start when it begin. Your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, electric car company blank announced it fell short of earnings estimates. Tesla. Right This week, coffee, giant blank began taking steps to eliminate 30% of its menu. Folgers. Starbucks. Starbucks is what I meant to say. Don't pick Up a person. This week, This week, officials in Uganda confirmed an outbreak of blank in that country. Oh, bird Flu. No Ebola. This week, a 71-year-old man in Japan who robbed over 60 houses explained to police that he only did it because blank. He was bored. I'm gonna give it to you. He wanted to look cool. According to a new study, frequent blank use affects your memory.


Vape. No marijuana. On Monday the Louvre announced they were creating a dedicated room for Da Vinci's Blank. Mona Lisa. Yes. This week a man in Georgia was trying to get a refund after he ordered a drill online and instead received blank. A a, a Toaster, a piece of paper with a picture of a drill printed on it. Incredible. Yes. The mammal shock when the drill he ordered from Ali Express arrived. And inside the box there were just a piece of paper with a printed picture of a drill on it. And if that weren't bad enough, all the little printed pictures of the drill bits it came with were in metric. Oh, Jokey. How did reiki do for the first time on our quiz? Reiki got four, right? For eight more points. Thank You so much. She now has 10 points and the lead.


Ew. Wow. With no one else going. I don't the leave. We can end it right here. Perfect. All right. I'm gonna randomly pick Joelle to go next. Here we go. Joelle, fill in the blank. On Wednesday the confirmation hearings began for blank Trump's pick to lead the Department of Health and Human Services. Ugh. RFK Jr. Right. According to officials in Massachusetts, blank flu is now widespread in the state bird. Right. So on Tuesday a White House spokesperson confirmed that the blanks seen over New Jersey were in fact normally approved by the FAA. The diners? No, the drones. But they do have diners. They have diners in New Jersey, but they're not floating yet in what they're calling quote, a bold new identity. Athletics Australia announced they were changing their name to blank. The Koala bears Australian Athletics.


Okay. On Thursday, Fox confirmed it was charging up to $8 million for ad spots during the blank Inauguration, The Super Bowl. Oh. On Thursday it was announced that Stevie Wonder and Billy Eilish had been added as performers at the Blank Awards, the Grammys. Right. This week the Johnstown Flood Museum in Pennsylvania announced they were closing indefinitely due to blank Shark poop Flooding. Okay. A tur, a burst pipe led the Johnstown Flood Museum to announce they were closing down indefinitely. Fortunately, most of the artifacts and historical documents were unaffected by the flooding, which mainly caused damage to the carpeting and drywall. But you can learn all about that at the newly opened Johnstown Flood Museum.


Flood Museum. Jokey. How did Joy El do in our quiz? Joy El ga three. Right? Ew. For six more points. So with a total of nine, Reka still leads. There you go. That's crazy. I threw it to you for the Jones one. Thank You. Alright, so how Many I did that for her. I know. How many then add, does Adam need to win four? He's going to win. No. Here we go. Adam. This is for the game on Tuesday, stocks plummeted after the release of deep seek the new Chinese blank platform ai. Right. On Wednesday, Donald Trump announced plans to detain 30,000 migrants at Blank Guantanamo Bay. Right. This week, eight hostages were released from captivity in blank Gaza.


Right. On Monday, a new lawsuit alleged that one of the wildfires in blank was started by a spark from a utility tower, California, right in Los Angeles. This week, a woman in Alabama won free donuts for a year from her local Krispy Kreme by blanking, Eating a dozen donuts at Krispy Kreme. No. By giving birth in their parking lot on Monday. That's all I gotta do. That's a really, that's all I'll take on Monday. Done. The city of Osaka in Japan announced the citywide ban on blanking, hugging Smoking on Wednesday, NASA warned of a new blank that could hit the earth in 2032. Asteroids, right after a homeowner in China refused to sell his house so the government could build a highway, the Chinese government compromised and blanked. Built the highway around him. Exactly right. Yes. They just built the highway on both sides of his house.


So his house is like on this little tiny median. Apparently the guy wanted more money for the house, so he refused to sell and the government said, okay. And they just built the highway around him. Four lanes coming up, splitting in two, going around his house and rejoining again. It's a classic case of my way. Is the highway Convenient? Yeah. Jokey. Did Adam do well enough to win? Oh yeah. He got six, right? 12 More Points you fancy. With a total of 15 points. Adam, is this week's winner? Yes. Thank You. Thank You Adam. Well done. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists, now that eggs are too expensive, what will be the next surprising breakfast staple?


But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goer writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at this Studebaker Theater. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Blythe Robertson and Monica Hickey. Our tiny Tim is Tiny Peter Gwen. Our Jolly Good fellow is Hannah Anderson. Emma Choi is our vibe curator. Technical directions from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian og and our executive intern is Colin Campbell and the executive producer. Wait, Wait, don't tell me that's Michael Danforth. Okay. Panel. Now that the eggs are so expensive, what will be the surprising new breakfast food?


Nicole Johnson. It's A delicacy in our home state. Peter, a knuckle sandwich when you get knocked out for thinking a billionaire cared about the price of eggs. En Reka Shankar. Yes. The new breakfast staple is Beanie Babies. People thought they were gonna be worth a lot and then they were totally worthless except now as your breakfast food. And they're pro tenacious too. And Adam Felber. I don't know how it hasn't happened in this country already, but Cadbury egg McMuffins. Yes. And if any of that happens panel, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me.


Thank You. Gia Hanson, thanks for filling in for Bill. Curtis, thanks to Joel. Nicole Johnson, Adam Felber, and thanks. You reckon Shankar for a great debut. Thanks to all of you from listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast. Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't cried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I caught him. Okay. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card. The show where Cards Control the Conversation.