
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Joshua Johnson, filling in for Bill Curtis. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, Joshua. Wow, Thank You. I appreciate that. We really do have a very fine show for you today. Later on, we're gonna be talking to Tara Dower, the ultra runner who just set the record for running the entire Appalachian Trail. But first, we wanna welcome Joshua Johnson filling in for Bill Curtis This week. Joshua, you were of course with NPR for a while, the original host of one A.


So what is it like coming back to NPR just for the day? Did you miss this? It is fantastic. Some of you know I went over to television for a while and it's just, it's not the same. They don't give away tote bags. They can't do an 11 minute interview to save their lives. Amateurs, it's amateur hour over there. This is where I'd really rather be. Yeah, We're glad to have you back. You out there are always welcome on our air. Wherever you have gone off to. The number to call is one eight eight. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, Peter. How are you? I'm well. Who's this? This is Molly Prospect from West Hartford, Connecticut, West Hartford, Connecticut.


I know where that is. It's just west of Hartford. What It is. Very clever. What do you do there? I am a stay-at-home mom. You Are? How many? Two boys. Two boys. You have two boys. How old are you? Two boys. So Patrick is two and a half, and Connor is 11 months or almost Seven. Oh, wow. You're just a little bit behind me. Peter's of a thousand months. How old are you? I am, I am. I am more than that, Peter, actually. Well, anyway, Molly, welcome to the show. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, it's a contributor to CBS Sunday morning. It's Faith Salie. Hey Molly. Hey, faith. Next, the comedian and host of the podcast, fake the Nation. It's Nain Farad.


Hey, And finally, an actor and writer who can be seen in the acclaimed improv show Two Square at the UCB Theater in New York on November 20th. It's Peter Gross. Hi. So Molly, we got everybody assembled here for you to play. Who's Joshua this time? Joshua Johnson. Filling in for Bill Curtis, who's gonna read you three quotations from the week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose on your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I'm ready. Okay. Now, your first quote is a one word headline from the German news site, Zeit online on Wednesday.


That was in fact the English word. You know, it starts with an F that they used to describe what event? The results of the election. Yes, indeed. Yeah. It's all done. It's all over, including the counting. It's fair to say that the whole electoral process that we went through was incredibly traumatic for Americans of every side of the aisle. Well, good news. We won't ever have to do this again. So Kamala Harris, her last moment of grace and patriotism, she of course conceded on Wednesday, but you know, of course she's still a vice president and she is a job to do, including, of course, presiding over the certification of electoral votes on January 6th.


And you know what would be really funny, Fun. You know what my first feeling was when I found out the news? I was like, my literal first feeling was like that same feeling you get when you see an ex-boyfriend who's doing well and you're like, oh no, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna start eating broccoli and exercising and I'm gonna get six pack abs. This guy does not get to be president and I'm not gonna be hot. No, Thank You. It's like, it's like having a revenge body, but like a revenge democracy. That's how I, that was my first day. Wait a minute, hold on. So You're, wait a minute, wait a minute.


I'm, I'm a little confused about the metaphor. Are the abs, actual abs or the abs represent like a committed, They're like a civic commitment. I understand the apps are a civic commitments. The Apps are like being on like a local school board. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Exactly. I, my thought was about self-care. I was like, I'm just go get some Manny Petties and some abortions and just, just Do It all right now. Well, you can, you know, Can I say something that I feel is that I remembered that I, that made me feel very hopeful, which is that like he totally responds to flattery. Like he'll be like, I am racist and xenophobic.


And then you'll, you'll flatter him and then he'll be like, well, I guess you can have that funding. You know what I mean? Yes. He's just sort of easy to manipulate. That's fun. That is fun. Alright guys. Right, right guys. You know what we have to do. If he divorces Melania in like a super young, very pretty young liberal. Yeah. Marries him. He, he falls for her. And it'll be like, I was listening to Stephanie and everything she says about trans rights is exactly how I feel. Yeah, It's impossible. Yeah. Alright, Molly, here is your next quote. It is from the musician Jelly roll Marijuana. And I'll have a cocktail every now and then.


He is part of a trend that was outlined in the Washington Post This week. He's one of the many people who say that they enjoy certain drugs and alcohol, but they still say they are what? Sober. Yes. Sober. According to the Washington Post, more and more people are describing themselves as sober, even though they drink regularly or even use some drugs making sober the new vegetarian. So some of them you might be familiar with. There's California sober. That means you only smoke weed. And then there's Florida sober meth only. And this one is real, apparently nose sober. You just abstain from any drug you snort.


Right? What? What? Really? That's, that's a thing. Oh yeah. No, I'm nose sn. No cocaine as you take another shot. Yeah. I mean, at a certain point, As you take cocaine and rub it all over your tummy, also At a certain point it just gets ridiculous. You're not nighttime sober, you're just sleeping. Wait, this is, so this is like a sober curious movement. Well, yeah. There are people who I think want to identify as being sober because what it says about your commitment to self-improvement, but they also like to smoke a little weed. So they're California sober, you know? And then There's dry January, right? Yeah. There's dry January where, or sober October where you don't drink for that month.


Give it a try. But then there's also, and this is true, damp January. What? Where you drink just not so much. Right. And you do not get credit for that. You can't be like, I, I only cheated my wife a little bit. I'm damp faithful. October sober is one. October is, that's just, I'm sorry, reverse October. It only because it rhymes. That's, it wouldn't be like I'm, it's like gay May I know I'm just gay in May. There's so, and Then I'm straight the rest of the year. Hey, that's how some of us started. We weren't ready. There's so there's so, but you committed and you followed through. Finally got there. Wait. But I also just think this is how everybody's been living from for like centuries. And now we just name things more.


We're like naming obsess. Yeah. I mean there, there's different kinds of sober, apparently there's also different kinds of drunk. For instance, right now I'm NPR drunk. That's where I can't get completely lit without your support Call now. Alright, Your last quote, Molly, is from the ap. It's Bigger than a king size Bed. Forget, Forget. Forget your puny. 55 inch. A new report says there's a tenfold increase in the number of people who are planning to buy extra large watts starting on Black Friday Television. Yes. TVs, they are bigger than ever.


And American consumers are snapping up. They've given up in the little 55 inch TVs. Now they want 80 inch, 90 inch, 97 inch wide TVs. That's about eight feet. A TV can be too big if you have to walk several steps to the side to see which friend Chandler is talking to. That's too big. But it's, yeah, Any head movement, I feel like is makes a tv. TV. If you, if you don't wanna spend all this money on this enormous tv, you don't have to. They're actually available secondhand this very week. CNN is selling three 500 inch touch screens on Facebook marketplace. But they all come with John King. Exactly. They do. Joshua, how did Molly do in our quiz? She could Not have done any better. Three for three. Way to go.


Congratulations. Very good. Molly, Thank You so much for playing. Thank You. Good luck with those boys. Took myself down to the TV store, replaced the set. I smashed on the floor like a lover's coral gets. I lost my head upon it on that sucker till I knew it was dead because me on my tv, we had a little fight me on my tv. I could watch you every night Right now panel. It is time for you to answer some questions about This week's news.


Peter. Hotels are always adding new amenities for clients. But now some modern designed hotels are removing something from rooms to create what they say is a more intimate guest experience. What is it? Beds? No Toilets. You're getting closer. I am. I It's actually usually between the bed and the toilet. The bed And the toilet. Oh, you Run in the toilet. The ironing board in the closet. No, the little thing you put your luggage on in the closet. It's, it's Sort of like, it's sort of like an open concept. The the wall. What's in the wall that usually dry wall. The door. The door. Yes. The bathroom Door's, the wall. Okay, sorry. Insulation. More and more modern hotel are doing what they say saves money and space by designing rooms without bathroom doors.


Right. It began when a designer said, what do people staying in a hotel room really want to be able to see from the bed straight to the toilet? And no one else was in the office that day. So they're facing criticism because it turns out some couples strangely do not want to watch each other poop. I'm in a strictly, we don't even admit to after like 10 years, we still don't admit to each other that we either poop or fart. And I'm very proud of that. Thank You. Wow. Yeah. Well, not to be competitive, but my husband is so thoughtful that when we stay in a hotel and he, I suppose has to do that. He says, I'm gonna go off campus and he goes to the lobby bathroom.


That's how loving my husband is. I don't wanna steal your thunder, but I've been dating this woman for three years. I have not pooped once, not once. Out of respect for her. That's a horrible idea. It's Disgusting. Yeah. That's the thing. Yeah. But one designer of these rooms explained that given you know, space and budget constraints and modern construction quote, sometimes privacy is just not going to happen. Adding you got eyelids, use them. That's the door. God gave you two doors on your eyes. Close the doors close your eye doors Coming up.


The truth is out there. It's our bluff, the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns to Night follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna, and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in. We're a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


From NPR, NWBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Joshua Johnson. We're playing This week with Nain Farsad, Faith Salie and Peter Gross. Here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Joshua. Thank You all so much. Right now it is time right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air. You can also check out the pinned post on our Instagram page, which is at Wait, Wait. Npr, all the info is there. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Dalia calling from Waltham, Massachusetts.


Waltham. I know it well. Waltham, What do you do there? I am a politics and psychology student at Brandeis University. Brandeis University, a famous institution of higher learning there, the alma mater of our friend Josh Goleman. Well that's cool. What kind of career do you look for when you have that degree? I don't know. We'll see. There you are. There you are. Classic college student. I think that's great. Well, Dahlia, welcome to the show. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Joshua, what is Dahlia's topic? I want to believe Certain things def fire, understanding UFOs, psychic powers, people who clap when the plane lands.


This week we heard about something new in the paranormal world. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you will win our prize. The wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Yes, I am. First, let's hear from Faith Salie. Alexis Movahill is an Albuquerque based medium. People pay her to place her fingertips on her Ouija board and receive a cult. Messages. Messages. But it turns out spirits prefer palms to fingers. During a recent deep clean of her home, Alexis came across her old Palm pilot from 1999. You know those handheld personal digital assistance that helped you schedule when to buy your live in La Vita Loca tour tickets?


Well, Alexis happened to place her PDA near her Ouija board. And that during her next reading, it turned on spontaneously. Alexis's right hand was forced to grasp the stylist, which then told her client that the client's dead father needed her to vote for Al Gore before was too late. Paranormal researcher, violet cogs Reuben explains the spirit's preference for the Palm pilot. In today's world, the dead have shorter attention spans. Letter by letter on a Ouija board is lame. Spirits don't want smartphones, though they like the turn of the century technology to hang onto a retro vibe.


Alexis now has a six month waiting list for her palm readings. A medium goes from Ouija board to reading palms palm pilots. That is your next ex file comes from Nain Farsad. The Lochness monster has long been cited in the Scottish Highlands. The fact that the Scottish people also have the highest reported level of drunkenness is unrelated. Hmm. Lochness monsters are big, they're slimy, they've got incredibly long necks. But in a recent report from paranormal experts who specialize in maritime creatures, it turns out they have a horrible anatomy. Years of inbreeding have left them with genetic problems.


You know, like how pugs can't breathe because of their short, flat faces? Or how chihuahuas shiver when it's 80 degrees out, or how cats behave like cats. The Lochness has a trove of weird inbred ailments, including hip dysplasia, elbow dysplasia, and most painfully lochness monsters can't really lift their necks because they're missing the necessary number of vertebrae to make it comfortable. You thought it was because they were being tactical, staying hidden underwater. But no, it's because they literally can't lift their heads. If you're ever drunk in the Scottish Highlands in the distance, you'll hear a lochness monster stay. Ah, My neck, my sciat is acting Up.


If any Of these people knew I could barely keep my head up, I would lose all my monster credibility. And that's how they talk. That is the Lock Nets monster is discovered to be suffering from centuries of inbreeding. Of course, it's stuck on a lake. Your last paranormal parable comes from Peter Gross. If you live in a haunted house, great news, your ghost could die soon. That's right, the dead or dying twice. Brian Sterling Vet, who heads up a research organization called Project Half-Life, told the daily Star quote, many of our once famous ghosts could be literally dying unquote.


He claims ghosts are subject to the second law of thermodynamics, which says that energy will disperse and degrade over time. So they're essentially dying again. They're being cooked twice like a paranormal baked potato. He also believes that the ghosts currently haunting us are likely under a hundred years old, which is good because nobody wants a hundred year old ghost. By the time ghosts turn 40, they're just complaining about how lugging their chains around is aggregating their hernia 80 disc. And then when they hit 70, they can't stop talking about the show. Yellowstone, It's Costner's best performance since dances with W. At 80, they lose their hearing and at 90 every other word out of their mouths is some kind of slur.


So maybe them dying before a hundred is just for the best. Alright, so we heard some interesting news from the world's beyond sort of, was it from Faith Salie, a medium who found that her palm pilot was in fact an even better medium for communicating with the spirits from Nain Farsad. The discovery that the Lochness monster Nessie is suffering from inbreeding or from Peter Gross, a discovery by a prominent paranormal researcher that the ghosts who are already dead are dying. Which of these is the real discovery from the world of the unusual, I think I'm gonna go with Peter's story about the ghosts who are dying again.


The ghosts who are dying again. Alright, so your choice is Peter's story about ghosts dying. Again, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to someone involved with that real story. This begs the question, what is a year of ghost time compared to a year of human time? If ghosts have a lifespan, what is their afterlife? That was Brian Sterling Vita, founder of Paranormal Rescue, the first ever paranormal emergency rescue service who was the guy who has determined that the ghosts are dying out. Congratulations, Dalia. You got it right. Thank You.


And now the game where we ask people about things they just don't know anything about. It's called Not My job. The Appalachian Trail is about 2,200 miles long. And every now and then people see how fast they can run the whole thing. This September, Tara Dower set a new record for men or women of 40 days, 18 hours and five minutes breaking the old record by 13 hours. We are grateful. It's quite a thing. And we are grateful that after doing that, she was still able to stay awake long enough to join us. Now. Tara Dower, welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me Thanks.


I'm so excited to be here. We're very excited to have you Speaking as a runner myself, I am not nearly of that achievement. I'm extremely impressed. First question, did we get the numbers right about 2200 miles end to end Maine to Georgia and you did it in 40 days, 18 hours, five minutes, is that right? Six minutes. Oh, Excuse me. Oh, you are Scrupulous. So break that down to travel that far. In that period of time, how far did you have to travel per day and and how much time did it take to travel to run every day? The least amount of miles I did in a day was about 35. And the most I ever did was 62 in a day. And I was every day. I was moving for about, on average like 17 and a half hours a Day.


17 and a half hours. Okay. That's kind of amazing. And and how much were you able to sleep On average? About five hours. And at what point, I mean, I guess you ran from Maine to Georgia. So at, were you by, were you starting to hallucinate by the time you were in New York say? Yeah. Well, the compounding exhaustion came around. I would say Maryland. It got pretty bad. I remember some like little hallucinations. I had like little devils sitting on logs. Oh my god. And I saw white cat and a lion, and I saw my friend sitting on a logs. Oh my gosh. So the hallucinations were getting pretty bad around like the middle of the trail. Maryland is about halfway through.


Well, I wonder, I wonder if there's people who have hiked it and they'd be like, no, that's just Maryland. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, what do you do When you know you're hallucinating? Like what do you do about it? You just kind of, you go with it, you gotta just go with it. You talk to the devil, there's nothing else you could do. Just keep going. Right? Well, it's kind my must be comforting knowing like that's not real. There's not a cat and a devil here. Like, I might as well just keep running. There's no threat, you know? Yeah, You're, Well, you know, I've had hallucinations during a hundred mile races that I've done, and some of those have been really concerning. Yeah. And I think, You know, oh, give us an example. I'm lucky there was like a hunter with a huge, huge ginormous gun and he was like asking me where I was going and what I was doing and I was like, oh crap.


Like is this real? And it was in the middle of the night. It was at 2:00 AM on a trail by myself. You know, if you ask a hallucination, if they're hallucination, they have to tell you. That's A rule. Do you eat While you run? Yes. Yeah. I, I mean that's, you have to like be utilizing, you have to eat wherever you can. I mean, I'm eating, oh, I think it was like eight to 10,000 calories a day. So I mean, you just have to like eat and run. You have to do as much as you can when you run. And do people Bring You, the only time I stopped during the day was to use the bathroom. Yeah. They have have bathrooms in the trail. That's nice. And so, so when you say you're eating, so you're just like, people are, she Thought it was a bathroom.


You may have been hallucinating a bathroom in someone's car. You can't guarantee that was a bathroom. There is a bear in Virginia that is awfully angry. So you're run. So I'm, I'm trying to figure out, you're running along and like you're friends are with you, you have a lot of support I know in order to do this. And they run up to you and they give you, hand you a banana or whatever it is you're eating and you just stuff it in your face and you keep running. Yep. Yep. That's, that's about it. Yep. Just keep moving. Eat. My favorite was gummies and I like rice crispy treats and goldfish. I loved goldfish. Right. Wow, That's so unhealthy. Yeah, it's the calories though, right? I was just like, I was expecting you to be like broccoli and then other Forms of broccoli.


Let's, let's back up a little bit. So this is, this was, as we've said, quite an accomplishment. 40 days of running whatever, 18, 19 hours a day. Why in the world did you decide you wanted to do this in the first place? Oh yeah. Yeah. I threw hike the Appalachian Trail in 2019 and that's just like five months and 10 days. I was just, I just look at that experience and I just, I love that experience on the Appalachian Trail. So You took five months and you threw hike the trail. You went from one end to the other five months. Amazing experience out there in, in the woods and the wilderness and the towns and the people. And you said, what if this, but with nothing enjoyable, what if I were to do this whole thing but doing it so fast I couldn't meet anybody and insane stop anywhere, see anything or eat anything other than handfuls of garbage.


You said what if that, that's What you did. Yeah. Yeah. That, that was kind of the experience I was looking for, honestly. It's cool. We, a couple more questions. First of all, I understand that you said once that you are, you have decided after, after lots of experiences, negative, positive, but you've just decided that you're done with toenails. Oh yeah. I got my, I got four toenails permanently removed before I went out on the trail. And that was the best decision I ever made. Wow. You just were like, you were done with them. You were like, you were tired of them getting bloody and and coming off. Yeah. How did you would fall off off all the time. Were you playing this little piggy and You were like, This little piggy goes, This little piggy gets slaughtered.


Yeah. That that was it. We did any mey, miny mo? No. So my big toenails are always the ones during these FETs they always like fall off and it's very painful and they get infected. And so I was like, that one's coming off. And then, you know, I asked the podiatrist if we could take 'em all off and he was like, no, but we can do, we can do two at a time. So I decided I just, it's so with toes, What's next? What's, what's the next achievement? And, and when are you gonna be ready to do it? Yeah, I guess tonight. And to see how fast I can get through, you know, a pint of ice cream. There you Go. Now we're talking.


Now we're talking. Well, Tara, we are delighted to talk to you and we have asked you here to play a game that this time we are calling Try a stroll down these Appalachian tales. So you ran the whole Appalachian trail, but you went through it too fast this last time to hear any of the myths and legends of that particular region. So we're gonna ask you three questions about folk tales from the places you ran through. And if you get too right, you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they like on their voicemail. So Joshua, who was Tara playing for? Sarah Odell of Redmond, Washington. Okay, here we go. Here's your first question about Appalachian Tales in West Virginia, they still celebrate the Moth man.


That's the mysterious creature that first appeared in 1966. Near Point Pleasant West Virginia. What was the headline in the Point Pleasant Register newspaper The day after the Moth Man's first sighting. Was it A Insects seemed to be rather large this year? B Couples C Man sized bird creature something or C, annual Rummage Sale draws record crowds. Oh, I'm gonna have to say B, You're gonna go be couple C man sized bird creature something. You're right. Yeah. Yes. To be fair, it it, it was something.


And there is now an annual Maman festival in Point Pleasant. If you wanna go down there and find out all about it, that's so cool. She's like, it's all hallucination. Yeah. Alright, here's your next question. Now, while Moth Man is probably the most famous Appalachian crypted, he's not the only one out there. Next time you run the trail, you might also run into which of these, A, the phantom trucker who stopped to use the bathroom itself of the border had never returned. B, the lost hiker, an angry ghost who died of starvation and demands trail mix from every passerby or see a Bigfoot like creature called wood booger. Oh, oh man, I'm gonna have to say B.


You're gonna it for the lost hiker. That ghost, that demands trail mix from every passerby. No, it was the wood booger. Yeah. Yeah. He's called the, he's called the wood booger because he's, he's like the boogeyman that not, he's not because of his, you know, texture. He's boogieman. Okay, last question. If you get this one right, you win. You've heard of Sasquatch, right? There are stories of Sasquatch in the area, but in West Virginia there is a terrifying beast that unlike Sasquatch walks on all fours, right? Sasquatch stands up, what do they call this mysterious creature? A. The sheep Squat B. Big Feet or C Independent. Senator Joe Manchin.


What? What were the first, first one was squat and big Feet seat squat, big feet or independent Senator Joe Manchin. I would say A, you can do it for a sheep squat. That's right, Tara. Yay. It's called the seat. It's called Sheep squat. 'cause of its thick white fur. Or so they say, Joshua, how did Tara Dower do in our quiz? Well, normally she just got the two points, but every one of the toes that she sacrificed is actually worth a quarter point. So we're just gonna give you a perfect score. Nicely Done. Yay. Tara Dower is the fastest person ever to complete the Appalachian Trail.


Tara Dower, Thank You so much for joining us. I Wait, Wait, yeah and get some rest. Bye. In just a minute find out what your house plants really think of you in our listener Limerick challenge. Call one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. From NPO, imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR.


A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz filling in for Bill Curtis. I'm Joshua Johnson. We're playing This week with Peter Gross, Nain Farsad and Faith Salie. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Joshua. In just a minute. It's a classic man versus poem showdown in our listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, Give us a call to one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. But right now panel, some more questions for you from the week's news Nain. There is a new trend in parenting.


If your kids are nervous about going to a sleepover, you just have them bring along what? Oh, is this like Florida parenting and you have them bring some meth? That doesn't sound right. They won't sleep. It doesn't sound right. No. You have them bring like a stuffy, like a little Stuffy. No, that's old school. This is the new Thing. Oh, this is a new old stuffy's not gonna help. Also you have them bring their little at at home robot. No, I'll give a futuristic thing. I'll give you a hint. You can, you can bring matching Kanga and ru sleeping bags. Oh, so you Oh, you bring your parent. No, you bring you Right. The parents. Exactly. You bring the parent. Yes. Goes to the sleepover.


Right. So you're nervous about what kind of environment you're sending your kid into at their friend's house. Well pack your pajamas. Your favorite stuff. You can go do some reconnaissance. It's called a Mommy and Me Sleepover. Oh. Oh. Thank think. This is why the Surgeon General said that parenting is a health crisis. It really is. Because of stuff like this. It's not bad. It's Not bad 'cause it's a good time. 'cause you're friends with the parents, the kids play, the parents chat and have cocktails. The parents Need to be child sober. That's what they need to be Just no children at all. Yes. I would also dispute that you're friends with the parents. Yeah. I don't think that everybody, parents here and across America. Are you friends with all of your kids', friends, parents, like friends, friends.


Not really any and all the people who know me, I love you, you're great, but like, you're not like sleepover. You don't want to go like sleep over at the house of all these people. Is is is this, do you actually spend the night or do you come? You do. Oh no, you don. No, You do. You do. This is, no, it's great if you're gonna do this, if you're gonna go with your kid to a sleepover, let me just word to the wise, remember to ask the other parents first. You don't wanna show up at the house and say, thanks for inviting Arlo. He's allergic to peanuts and I cannot abide domestic wines. Nain to accommodate aging Millennials and Gen Xers. Some nightclubs in New Yorker. Introducing what? Oh, cots Close.


They're actually introducing, I'm gonna give it to you. They're introducing bedtimes. Yeah. Yeah. Bedtimes like, So the people that used to go clubbing back in the nineties, they loved staying up all night to party. But on the other hand, have you heard about this new show Matlock with Kathy Bates? That's Great. So to lure these people back in some clubs are offering evenings of music and dancing that absolutely end at 10:00 PM sharp. So you can go home. One such party promised nineties music and they told people to come in nineties era costumes and all the attendees said, Hey, people back in the nineties wore flannel pajama pants and stained t-shirts. Right? That's a look.


Are they selling out like crazy? Yeah. People love to go at they must be. Also, it helps because they're starting to offer early bird specials come at 4:30 PM and your Molly is half off. I feel like I would've loved this at every age. I mean, you know what I mean? Like who doesn't wanna like go out and get messed up and like make out with a stranger, but then like have a good night's rest and then wake up and go to work feeling good. Well, of course, another reason to do this, to have the older people come in early and leave is so the young people don't have old people at their club. In fact, it's great, right? The millennials show up, they leave at 10, the young people show up right when the millennials go home to go to bed. And when the young people go home at 4:00 AM the baby boomers all come in.


'cause they had to get up to pee and couldn't go back to sleep. It's the circle of life Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks right here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago where you can catch us on the road. We'll be in Detroit November 14th, that's next week. And Carnegie Hall in New York City. We're coming back on December 12th. For tickets and information, go to NPR presents.org. You can check out our sister podcast, how to do everything This week.


How to quench your thirst in the desert. It's both news you can use and news you cannot unsee. Hmm. Hi, you on. Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hi. How are you? I'm well. Who's this? Excellent. I'm Luke. I'm from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. And What do you do there in the beautiful city of brotherly love? I am an English teacher. You are? Are you one of those cool English teachers? So I, I recently came to the realization that there's no such thing as a cool teacher, which has been kind of hard to grapple with, Right? It's just you, whatever you do, you're just not gonna be cool. They Have informed you that you're not cool. Pretty much. Yeah. It's, it's really unfortunate. Wow. Well Luke, welcome to the show.


Joshua Johnson is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly into the limericks, you'll be a winner. Here is your first limerick. I think my hydrangea just cursed me. There's no water here in my nursery. My AI is so advanced. It is translating plants and they mostly just tell me they're, Oh gosh. Could you read it again? Ooh, You get one for free after this. Alright, we go. Okay. All right, here we go. I think my hydrangea just cursed me. There's no water here in my nursery. My ais so advanced.


It is translating plants and they mostly just tell me their Blanking. Luke. Luke from Yes, from one English major to another. It's an approximate rhyme. Yeah. Okay, great. Yeah. I don't know. I I'm coming up blank. It's okay. It's thirsty. Thirsty. Tell me they're thirsty. This week we learned about the demonstration of new technology that if installed everywhere will allow your plants to talk to you using AI in a series of sensors in the soil. So, right, you can ask your plants, how are you? And the plant will say, I need a bit more water. And then you forget about it and you leave town for a few weeks and you ignore the text. And then you get one last text from your plant that says, Murderer.


Of course, once you start letting your plants talk to you, it's a slippery slope. I mean, you don't need to get texts every time your plants are like, dude, I just saw the sexiest bee B. Alright, here is your next limerick At the airport. I face too much drama. Good thing Andy and beasts remain calmer. Their soft, fluffy fleece gives passengers peace. Now I'm fine 'cause I'm petting a A llama. A Llama. Yes. Yay. There is now a comfort llama at the Portland, Oregon airport. That's great for anyone who's afraid of flying. But what about a person who's afraid of flying and llamas?


Oh God, I love this. This is in Portland. This Is simple. Of course it's important. It feels sound Very important. Feels Right. Yeah, it's very important. Portland, every city should have like something that corresponds to it, that is in the airport that you can pet. Like in Chicago it would be like a big, like cow or something like that. Like a stocky yardy. And New York Would be a rat that you Yeah. New York be a rat. It's funny. In Boston it would be like a racist. No, it's actually kind of funny. This is true. In, in LaGuardia Airport, just this last week, a raccoon fell through the ceiling. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And the airport determines like, no, that's, that's our comfort raccoon. Yeah. People who are nervous about flying can come over here and pet the raccoon. Alright, Very good.


Here is your last limerick. We vampire bats fly for fun. It's the groundwork that gets the job done. When we drop from the skies, the cows jump in. Surprise. So we land nearby, sneak, and then Run. Yes. Run. Exciting slash horrifying news from the New York Times. Vampire Bats can run really fast. Oh my God. The article is titled, the article is titled, you may not be able to outrun a vampire bat. Seriously, this was the most alarming headline in the New York Times this whole week.


That, that that's not fair, man. Like it really, you can't get another, it's being like, and they have guns. Like Exactly. I do hate it though, personally, when I go to the gym and all the treadmills are being used by bats. You guys have wings. Joshua, how did Luke Do? He did well enough to become the very first cool teacher in the history of Education. Two out of three, my friend. Nicely done. Yeah. Thank You. Thank You. That's actually Luke, that's actually a good point. Do your students listen to the show and do you think this win might make you cooler in their eyes? You know, I, I do think Philadelphia high school students listen to Wait, Wait, don't tell me regularly.


So yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure they'll, I'll get a, a standing Ovation in honor of your win. They're gonna climb up the light poles. Right. Luke, Thank You so much for playing. Take care. Thank You. Bye bye. At NPRs pop culture happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide.


Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR Cell Phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world.


So you can catch up on while getting ready, making the SAO or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR. While it's time for our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Joshua, can you give us the scores? I can indeed. Faith has two points. Nain and Peter both have three points. Alright. Faith, you are in third place. That means you're Up First. Fill in the blank following Donald Trump's win Blank delivered a speech to the nation on Thursday. Kamala Harris. No, it was actually President Biden on Thursday. She was Wednesday On Tuesday. Ah, Australia announced who would introduce legislation to set a minimum age for using blank social media. Right. Best known for his work on Michael Jackson's thriller among many other album Super producer blank passed away at the age of 91 Quince Jones.


Right on Thursday, 27 million residents of California replaced an alert as rescue workers battled blanks. Wildfires. Right This week a man was banned from future New York marathons after he brought blank to this year's race. Oh, a llama, an Entire camera crew. On Wednesday, Oregon, Ohio State, Georgia and Miami topped the blank playoff rankings. College Football. Right. On Tuesday, a business in Taiwan became the first ice cream shop to be awarded a blank. Oh, a Michelin Star. Right. This week a cyclist in Oregon sued an ambulance company complaining that the ambulance charged him almost $2,000 to take him to the hospital after he was hit by blank. An ambulance. That ambulance, That ambulance, yes. The ambulance made a right turn and hit the cyclist, fracturing his nose among other injuries, and then offered to take him to the hospital, which they did.


And then they charged him $1,800 for ride. This is what happens when you make your EMTs work on commission. Joshua, how did Faith do in our quiz? She Did very nicely. Six right answers. 12 more points for the moment you have the lead with 14 points. Alright, I'm gonna arbitrarily pick Peter to go next. Here we go. Peter, fill in the blank. On Tuesday, seven states voted to enshrine blank rights in their constitution. Abortion, right after he failed to surrender his assets to election workers. Blank appeared in court on Thursday. Oh, Giuliani. Right. According to new reports, as many as 10,000 North Koreans are expected to enter combat in blank.


Ugh, Ukraine. Right. On Wednesday, hurricane Raphael made landfall in blank. Cuba. Right? Last week a passenger on JetBlue sued the airline because the ice cream sandwich they gave her was blank. It was not a Michelin starred ice cream Sandwich. No, because it was way too cold. On Thursday, experts raised concerns that weight loss drugs like blank may lead to muscle loss. Ozempic, right. On Wednesday, the first satellite made of blank was finally launched into space. A recycled material. No wood. This week a woman in England was confused after her cat brought a mouse into the house and then blanked. Put on some berry white in let it go.


Close. Close. The cat fed the mouse dinner. The woman said She was shocked. And then put on some Mary, Mary White. Let some candle. I mean, buy me dinner first. Baby. The woman said she was shocked when her cat brought a live mouse inside, said it in front of its own food dish and let it to eat as much cat food as it wanted. Even weirder was when just before he set the mouse down, the cat said, have you ever dined with us before? Well, we do things a little differently around here. Or it's sadistic. It was like, yes, I wanna fatten you up before I eat you. He, he, he, he. Joshua, how did Peter Gross do in our quiz? Pretty Well. He got five, right? For 10 more points, 13 points. But faith retains the Lead.


Alright, so how much then does Nain need to win? Six right answers. We'll do It. Alright, here you go. Okay. This is for the game. Na again. On Thursday, a new study confirmed that 2024 will be the blankest year on record. Hottest right on Tuesday, the prime minister of Spain said the country was working to find those still missing after devastating blanks hit the area. Floods. Right This week, TJI Fridays became the latest chain restaurant to file for blank Bankruptcy, Right on Thursday. Authorities in South Carolina advise residents to close their windows and lock their doors due to blank Fires. No, due to dozens of monkeys in the loose after they escaped a research facility. After breaking into an electric company in France, a group of hackers demanded their $125,000 ransom be paid in blank Quarters, No baguettes.


It's France. According to a new study, just five minutes of blank a day could help reduce blood pressure. Boo squats. Yeah. Exercise. Thanks to increased solar activity, the blanks can again be seen further south than usual. Aurora. Yeah, the northern lights, right lights. This week police in the UK responded to a report of a 60-year-old man with a rusty machete attacking blank. A, a raccoon that fell through the ceiling. No. An 80-year-old man with a pair of nunchucks. Where was this? This was in the uk. According to police, the 80-year-old man who had the nunchucks had accidentally knocked on the other man's door, which enraged the other guy, the 60-year-old, so much that he came at the elderly man with his machete.


Fortunately as said, the 80-year-old man happened to be out with his nunchucks, so defended himself to see the full story. Just watch this week's episode of Geriatric Mutant Ninja Turvy. The UK is like Europe's Florida Pretty much apparently. I love the fact that this 80-year-old guy's like, well, time to go for a walk. Gotta get my cane, my visor and mine Jock Josh Joshua. Did Nain do well enough to win? Nain Got five correct answers for 10 more points and a final score of 13 points. So This week with 14 points, your champion is faith sailing Come from behind victory.


Congratulations, faith. Thank You. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict after 97 inch TVs, what'll be the next giant thing we're all gonna buy for our houses. But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WB Z Chicago Association with Urgent Hair Car Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Goer writes our limericks, our public address announcer. Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew, the Studebaker Theater, BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Blyth Roberson, BIM BI and Monica Hickey. Our therapy animal is Peter Gwynn. Emma Choi is our vibe curator, technical Directionist from Lorna White, her cfo, iss. Colin Miller, our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer of Waitwait Don't tell me, is Michael Danforth now panel?


What's the next extra large object we're all gonna feel we have to buy for our houses? Faith sailing, Really big, long catheter so no one needs to miss a moment of anything they're Watching on their giant tv. Peter Gross, A Giant pool of Xanax for people who are pill sober where you don't drink, but you do take a lot of pills And Nain Farsad, A massive jumbo sectional. Couches not for more people. Just a section for each of your emotions. Aw. Aw. Well, panelists, if any of that does happen, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't Tell me. Thank You. Joshua Johnson, thanks to Faith Salie.


Peter Gross and Nain Farad. Thanks to our fabulous audience who joined us here at Thes Baker Theater. And thanks to all of you out there, wherever you are for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week in Detroit, Michigan. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit, so the card's purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X Business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X Business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line Podcast from NPR.