
This message comes from Sony Pictures Classics with On Swift Horses. A Woman embarks on a Secret Life, a love she never thought possible. Daisy Edgar Jones, Jacob Aloi, will Poulter, Diego Calva and Sasha ca star now playing only in theaters


From NPR, NWBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis, except no substitute, but by all means, except Peter Segel substitute here at the Institute of Baker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. It's Karen Chi. Thank You girl. That's right. I'm Karen Chi Filling In for Peter Segel. He's at home recovering from a fight with another NPR host right now. I don't wanna name any names, but let's just say Steve Inskeep is a biter.


You're all in for a treat because later we're talking to Oscar nominated actor Brian Tyree Henry. You probably know him from Atlanta or his new show, dope Thief, or as I know him as the voice of the absolutely jacked Smokey the Bear. But first it's your turn to call in to play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hey Karen, this is Kevin Stroud. I live in Raleigh, North Carolina. Ah, Kevin. Hi. Welcome. Thank You. Thank You. Kevin, what do you do in beautiful Raleigh By day?


I am a mental health therapist. Oh wow. That's an amazing job. Thank You for doing that. I'm sure you're doing great in your business, but if you need any referrals, I do have a lot of ex boyfriends. Oh Well We said we weren't gonna talk about that, Karen. Alright Kevin, let's introduce you to our panel first, A comedian and fashion designer whose new summer line and new novel Silk and Silencer will be available May 15th on Bespoke Do Shop. It's Brian Babylon. Yo, what's Up man? How are you? Il Il, how you doing? Good, bro. Good. Good to hear. Next the host of the Daily Podcast, TBTL and the Public Radio Variety Show, Livewire, which will be live at the Rer Center in Beaverton, Oregon on May 1st, Luke Burbank.


Hey Kevin, Luke, how are you And a comedian and host of the podcast Fake the Nation who you can follow on all the social media platforms that you keep meaning to delete. It's Negin Farsad. Hey. Hey Na. Welcome to the show Kevin, you're going to play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is going to read you three quotes from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you'll win our prize, which is any voice from our show that you choose on your voicemail. Are you ready? Absolutely. Let's do It. Amazing. Your first quote is from a spokesperson at a gambling site.


It's our biggest non-sporting event of the year and we expect the betting to really pick up as we head toward the conclave. So people are betting on who is going to be the next what? The The voting for the next for the papacy. Yes, that's correct. People Are betting on who is going to be the next Pope. People mourned Francis' passing all over the world, but no one more than the producers of the movie conclave who said, Hey, couldn't he have at least done this during our Oscar campaign? It is a sign of how in touch the Pope was with the people in the church that he was like, wait, conclaves are huge right now.


We gotta ride this train. I love that idea that he was so into pop culture because I feel like he had a really great sense of humor and I feel like he was like, guys, wouldn't it be funny if I met JD Vance and then I die? That? That's the timing. Timing. That's what happened. I mean his commitment to the bit famously incredible, incredible. He wrote an encyclical on being committed to the bit. Yeah, he lived it. What Naina is saying is true. The vice president met with the Pope the day before he died and said to him, it's good to see you in better health.


Which incidentally, it's good to see you in better health is also what JD Van said to the stock market in March And and and the National Championship trophy before that. That guy is on a tear. I feel like more industries should sort of announce the new head of the company through smoke and its colors. Yeah. It's just a fun kind of way to do it. I Also think, you know how you can like carry around like a little personal fan for when you're hot. I think personal smoke machine for when you wanna like share a, in a detail about your life. Right. Wait, I just wanna bring it back to the smoke though because I wanna say if you're betting on the new Pope, remember if the smoke is blue, it's gonna be a boy.


Right? And if the smoke is pink, it's also gonna be a boy. The pope is always gonna be a boy. It's always A boy. Yeah. Yeah. The world's least interesting gender reveal. Yeah. Alright, Kevin, your next quote is some words costing someone tens of millions of dollars Please and Thank You. This week a tech CEO said that we cost his company millions of dollars. When we say those words, when typing requests into what? Oh, into chat GPT. That's Correct. Yeah. Open ai, CEO, Sam Altman says, please and Thank You cost his company tens of millions of dollars because it's unnecessary data for chat GPT to process.


And I just wanna say if this is costing him money, I love that. I'm gonna be extra polite. I'm gonna start using chat GPT just to give it a forehead kiss after each answer. Yeah. I love it. It's like I'm from the Pacific Northwest and I've lost friends in the war and by the war, I mean coming to a four-way stop when someone else came to the same four-way stop and everyone's waiting for the other person to go, that's like next level politeness. We need to do that with these programs. Just completely lock them up. But You know, also, like I got into it with chat GBT couple of nights ago where Yeah, it didn't, it was telling me they was gonna do something. I got this plan that plan, you download this, you download, Hey, the link's not working.


Ugh. I know, I know. That's my bad. I said something that I couldn't do, sorry for overpromising, but I'm like, why would you do that? Ugh. I don't know. I want it really went to this whole thing fan. I know. I'm so sorry. I won't do it again. So how many like icebergs melted because of this lover spat? It was, it was a lot because I had to like tell it like, Hey man, don't tell me any more bs. Like get on your square yo. He's like, yo, okay, I will. And then he had a meltdown. All of that cost that guy Sam Altman money, right? Yeah. I was gonna say it's costing him money, but it's also requiring a lot of power and electricity. So when you're asking it a request, you have to remember that saying something like, write my term paper is fine, but please hi.


Will you write my term paper? Thank You. Burns down an entire Brazilian rainforest. Yes. But also I wonder, I mean 'cause so the argument for being friendly to the to to the AI is that eventually they'll take over and be our masters and they'll know which one of ones of us were nice. Yes. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. A hundred percent. So, and okay, so I have a question which is like, do we have a quota as people for how nice we can be? And if, and then if we are nice to AI all the time, are we then mean to our moms? Oh, is it a zero sum game of niceness? Right? And then, and if you're mean to your mom, how many icebergs does that melt?


Wait, Nain, do you wake up every morning being like, I can only say five nice things today. Yeah, I, is that how we all do it? Yeah. Did you see the color of her smoke backstage, Karen? It was. I've used up all of my nice things. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, Kevin, now we are onto our last quote. I really don't care about plant-based. That was someone speaking to the New York Times about new data that finds what is back on American plates. Hmm. You got a hint for me. A hint is it is something that was once alive. Me. That's correct.


That's right. Meat is back. Or depending on which state you live in, meat is the same. It's what's still been for dinner. Yeah. After years of decline, sales of meat hit record highs last year, and this is due to a number of factors. It's that high protein diets are in, we're getting tired of plant-based meats. But more than anything, we just don't like those cow's attitudes. Oh, That's right. Am I the only vegetarian on this panel? Okay. I'm not. Oh, I'm not. I'm not. I I'm a vegetarian. The fake meat is not what it is cracked up to be is not, I'm not surprised to hear that people are, I don't know if they're going away from that and towards real meat, but that's stuff is not it.


I don't, I don't care what it's on the box, what it looks like. No, it never, you get that thing home and you cook it up. It is not fooling anybody. No, I do agree with what you're saying though. I mean we did go too crazy with the plant-based stuff. Like I used a plant-based shampoo, which I'm pretty sure is just normal shampoo. Yeah. But now that we're overcorrecting, I can't wait to see the new Windex now with lamb. Oh Bill, how did Kevin do? Kevin Rocked with three in a row. He won it. Woo. Awesome. Kevin, Congratulations and Thank You so much for playing. Of course. Thank You so much Karen. Karen, Right now panel time for you to answer some questions about this week's news.


Luke loose lipped Secretary of Defense, Pete Hees says He's having wasteful Spending at the Pentagon and he is making changes according to CBS news. He's adding a what to the Pentagon's briefing room. A makeup studio. That's Correct. Pete Hegseth is adding a makeup studio. And we know this because he texted his stylist, Hey, I can't wait to try this new eyeshadow also, here are the nuclear codes. They, so this CBS news, I think reported this initially that there was money being allocated to sort of remaking, remodeling this green room. And so then somebody over there said, this is totally made up.


This is bs. Here's the room. And then they tweeted out what was clearly a photo of a makeup room. Yeah. It was pretty much as as advertised. It was also, they went one step further. Actually, the DOD struck back at this report saying, and this is exactly what you want your spokesperson to say, if you are the Secretary of Defense. They said, Pete Hegseth doesn't need a makeup room. Oh. Because Pete Hegseth does his own makeup. I love, I love the idea of like a four star general showing up at the Pentagon and a PA being like, should I take you to hair and makeup? Yeah. I did my own glam.


Can you imagine? Yeah. Can you imagine Don Rumsfeld showing up in full glam? You are so Pretty. Oh, so pretty. You really knocked me of my feet Coming up. The only thing we have to fear is you missing this week's bluff The listener game. So call 1, 8 8 8. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR


Support for this podcast and the following message, come from Mint Mobile. Tired of spending hundreds on your monthly wireless bill. Enter Mint Mobile. Mint has plans starting at 15 bucks a month with high speed data and unlimited talk and text shop plans@mintmobile.com slash wait. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


This message comes from Apple Card. With Apple card you can get up to 3% daily. Cash back every day wherever you shop. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


This message comes from Grammarly. It's harder than ever to meet the demands of today's job priorities. But 90% of professionals say that Grammarly has saved them time writing and editing their work. Their AI communication assistant can help you communicate more confidently and effectively in just a few clicks. Let Grammarly take the busy work off your plate so you can focus on high impact work. Download Grammarly for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's Grammarly dot com slash podcast.


This message comes from ezCater, a business tool for food helping organizations order food for meetings and events from favorite restaurants, set up meal programs for their employees, and manage food spend all in one place@ezcater.com.


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Luke Burbank, Brian Babylon, and Negin Farsad. And here again is your host at the St. Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Karen Chee. Thank You Bill. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. So call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr Hi, you're on Waitwait, don't tell me. Abby, this is Chris Robinson calling in from Tulsa, Oklahoma.


Chris, how are you doing This week? Pretty good This week. I'm in law school right now, so I decided to, you know, take some time out and do a fun NPR show and and try to relax a little bit before finals come Up. Nice. I love it. I love when a true nerd calls into NPR saying, I'm taking a break from finals by doing a quiz. Yes. Thank You so much for joining us. You're going to play our game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. So what's the topic bill? Childhood Fears come true. You know, the classic kid fears like the dark, the boogeyman, the creeping realization that you've peaked at age seven. This week, somebody's childhood fear did come true and our panelists are gonna tell you about it.


So pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win our prize. The wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Chris, are you ready to play? I'm ready. Alright, first up, it's Negin Farsad. As a kid, the only thing Ronald DeSouza feared more than getting pantsed was escalators. He feared that if he didn't tie his shoes before getting on an escalator, it would eat his legs. To this day, as an adult manager of the Macy's in Palm Desert, California, Ronald takes a beat too long to step on, waiting for the right step, missing the right step, and then waiting again for the right step. One day he was doing a VIP tour with vendors. When the laces of his Oxfords came undone, he didn't notice and led the group to the escalator.


That's when the escalator began to eat his shoe. He was reflexively pulled to his knees and that's when his pant leg got sucked in pulling his trousers down and showing off his tidy whitey. It was a double whammy childhood nightmare. He was rescued, but only after his client and a steady stream of shoppers were treated to the rear end of a man perched like he was getting a public prostate exam. Coworkers cut him out of the pant, after which he scurry to the men's section looking business on top. Party on the bottom. Nowadays, Ronald takes the elevator.


That is a workplace pantsing from Negin Farsad. And your next story of a wee one's worry come to life comes from Brian Babylon. This week, Mitchell and Brian of Traverse City, Michigan had their first date. They decided to go hunting for rocks. That's what romance looks like in Michigan. So they headed up to the beach looking for some special blue stones, sort of like a bachelor in Indiana Jones spinoff. Now Brianne sees a spot near the water and says, that looks dangerous. Mitchell hears that and just like a typical man goes O word. Well that's exactly where I'm going. This fool steps into the danger zone and gets snatched up to his waist in two seconds by quicksand and get this, he wasn't even shocked.


He said, oh, not this again. Again. How many times have you been in quicksand, bro? What kind of lifestyle is this? Who raised you Shaggy from Scooby Doo. But here's the real rom-com moment. During the 9 1 1 call, they both accidentally dropped the girlfriend and boyfriend title for the first time to the 9 1 1 caller. The firefighters finally showed up and pulled Mitchell out like a human cork moral of the story. If your date starts with yard work and turns into a rescue op and then ends with relationship titles, congratulations. You're not in love. You're in a lifetime movie.


And that's the story about how quicksand is real from Brian Babylon. And your last story of a fear becoming fact comes from Luke Burbank, Kylie Hogan of Cooper PD Australia knew she wasn't losing her mind. The married mother of three kept telling her husband Paul, she was hearing something or someone under the bed after he'd fall asleep at night. But his response was, nar, it's just your imagination. But in fact, as the Cooper PD times reported recently, nar, it wasn't just her imagination. The noises were coming from under the house in the ground where a sink hole was slowly opening up.


When the city finally came out to investigate, it turned out the hole was part of a rich vein of opal. Unfortunately, the family had to move out of their home, which was torn down. But fortunately, they now own the rights to a very profitable opal operation, allowing them to build a huge new home just down the street, complete with toilets that flush in the normal direction and a beautiful fenced backyard where the family's pet koala, crikey can relax with her babies safe from area dingoes. Okay Chris. So you've got Nadine's story of a man getting pantsed by an escalator during a big day at work.


Brian's story of a man getting stuck in quicksand on a first date. And from Luke, a woman who finds out that the monster under her bed is actually a sinkhole. So which one do you think is real? I think I'm gonna go with Luke's 'cause it sounds more realistic because hopefully I'm not wrong. Okay, so your choice is Luke's story about a misadventure in Australia to find out the correct answer. We spoke to a reporter covering the real story. There are probably easier ways to get a girlfriend than getting stuff in quicksand. Wow, There is, That was Kara Berg of the Detroit News talking about the quicksand romance.


I'm so sorry Chris, but Brian had the real answer. You Gotta go with your heart, You gotta go with your heart and that's how you should think about your law school finals. Yes, Chris, I'm sorry you didn't win, but you did earn a point for Luke. So Thank You so much. Thanks. And now the game we call not my job, Brian Tyree Henry is an Oscar Emmy and Tony nominated actor who first came to National Attention playing the rapper Paper Boy and FXs Atlanta. Since then, he's been a superhero, a transformer, and in his new show, dope Thief, a small town grifter, pretending to be a DEA agent.


Thank God I flushed all my drugs before the interview started. Brian Tyree Henry, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me I didn't flush mine. So that's, that's All I got. Oh great. Okay. I'll have my toilet burp mine. Back up then. Please Don't ever say that sentence again. Okay, Brian, I wanted to ask, you've been nominated for an Oscar, Antonian and Emmy, so my next question was, how does it feel to achieve the pinnacle of cinematic success? By which I mean voicing Smokey Bear, To be honest with you, it feels like the role I was born to play. Oh Wow.


I truly love going to National Parks shirtless as often as possible. So I feel like it was a method, acting gig for me. You know what can I, I just realized Smokey the Bear did not have a shirt on. Yeah. I never realized that. If you look at him recently, he's gotten quite buff, which I was like, I was like, is that for me? Because like, Listen, you joke, but I literally wrote down the question, are you the reason Smoky Bear is hot now?


I Hope so. It better be Okay. Wait, going off of this though, I did have a question. Mary Kiss, kill Smokey Bear, Paddington Bear and Winnie the Pooh. Ooh, Okay. Mary. I would say Mary Smokey for the benefits. Yeah. Yeah. He's Cool. You can get it to any national park you want. So clearly. Right, right. Mary Kiss, I would kiss Paddington because you know, he deserves it and he'll taste like marmalade. So that's that. Nice. And you gotta kill Winnie 'cause put your pants on.


Yeah. Winnie, I have another question, which is that you've been in Transformers, the Eternals and Spider-Man. These are all huge franchises and I wanted to rewind all the way back in time and ask, do you remember what your very first role was? Yes, embarrassingly enough. I was Santa Claus and my preschool production, I don't even know what this play was about, but I remember I had like a cotton ball beard, you know, when they glued this beard together and you know, all the parents were there and I was the final part of this Christmas play and I'm playing Santa Claus and I have Mrs. Claus with me. And we've been rehearsing all week. And literally as it comes to me, I pull my beard down and go to my teacher off the side of the stage and I go, what's my line?


Which in a photo that my mother captured, you can see this woman full of rage going, me Christmas, Brian, You You, you, he pulled it like, what's my motivation? Like what's my motivation here? No, I didn't hear, and Here I am now a Tony. He's like, he's like, hoe, hoe. Line. Line. Oh Yeah, it was, it was, it was great. But I, but I nailed it. Just to be very clear.


Well now when you do win an Oscar, you have to start off your speech by saying, Merry Christmas. Merry What's my line? I also wanted to ask about a different role, which I read about and I wasn't sure if it was a rumor. Is it true that you played a tree in Chekhov's, the three sisters Who sent you I I did. It, it it definitely humbles you. And my only line in that play was what Always Trees was That I was like, well at least this tree gets to speak. At least there's some depth there.


Right. Did you always remember that? Your line in that one? Oh man, I must have been on so many drugs at that point. I don't remember. Yeah, I wonder if your line was actually what, or if that's what you said 'cause you couldn't remember Or if that's what I said. Both can be true. Honestly, both can be true Nuance is what they say. Going off of that, I wanted to ask, you've been a part of so many iconic projects both on stage and on screen. What are you most recognized for when you're out in the world? I believe there's a black person on this panel. Did I hear you? Yeah, it's me. I'm here. Yeah. Wait, Wait, don't tell me it's this guy.


Yeah, A paperboy. It it always, I mean, I could be in the, in places where there's a population of 300 people and somebody is going to scream paperboy at me. But it's changing. It's, it is changing. It's, it's, it's, I went to my local grocery store not too long ago. 'cause yes, I like to buy my own groceries everywhere. And this woman was like, Hey, I just want you to know that I, I just want to know, are you the actor from Dope Thief? And I threw my arms around. I was like, Thank You, Thank You so much. Yes, I am. Thank You so much. So it's all shifting, but paperboy is usually the thing that were you at, Was it the grocery, Was it IWiN?


Was it the Red Grocery store? Close, close Gross. It was Sprouts. Oh, how dare you. How dare you. Fuck Air Wa. Alright. Alright. Brian Tyree Henry, we've, we've actually invited you here to play a game that we're calling BTH beat BTS. That's right. You Are Brian Tyree Henry BTH. So we're going to ask you about one of the biggest bands in history BTS. So answer three questions about the K-Pop icons and you'll win our prize for one of our listeners.


Bill, who is Brian playing for? Written the Tri Knight of Round Rock, Texas. Bless your heart for thinking I'll know any of these answers, but let's go. Okay, here's your first question. After forming in 2010, BTS became one of the biggest bands in the world. They're so popular that which of these is true? A, they were the only band that Pope Francis had on his iPod. B The crowds at BTS concerts are so loud that the noise is faintly detectable from space or see almost one in 10 visitors to South Korea.


Go there for BTS related reasons. I'm gonna say the last one. One in 10 go to Korea. Yes, that's correct. NPR reported that BTS adds $5 billion annually to South Korea's economy. Wow. Wow. Oh my God. What can K-Pop do for you? Yeah. Alright, Brian, here's your next question. BTS thinks a lot about their lyrics. So much so that they do what before recording them. A run them by a women's studies Professor B have their official fan account send out definitions for any particularly big words.


And c make sure they sound just as good. Screamed out loud or whispered to yourself alone in your bedroom. Jeez. Well the last one I do myself. So that's, I'm gonna say the second one about having someone look up the words that seem Mm. Do you wanna guess again? I only wanna be on games that gaslight me like this one. Thank You. Okay, the third one. Listen, I'm gonna give you one more guess. Merry Christmas.


Merry. Okay. The first one. That's correct. Woo. Yay. Alright, here's your last question. Fans were worried about the future of BTS because all South Korean men are required to complete a year and a half of military service before the age of 28. So as BTS neared their deadline, the government got involved. How? A, they negotiated a special two year truce with North Korea to make sure BTS would stay safe. That's all it takes. B, they passed a special law allowing anyone to defer their service as long as they're in a hit K-pop band.


And C, they amassed a quote. Strategic BTS song stockpile Refer their service. That's Correct. I got it. After a bit Of deferring for a world tour, all of the BTS members have since enlisted. So Bill, how did Brian do on our quiz? Brian, you did great. You got 'em all right. You're a winner. Bill You, are you sure you don't want to ask what your line is? Just to be safe? Brian Tyree Henry is starring in Dope Thief on Apple TV Plus.


Brian, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait. Wait. Don't tell me you brush it in just a minute. Find out what happens when BFF meets Pu in our listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR. We are Support for this podcast. And the following message come from Q Nard, soak in the calm of turquoise waters as you sail the Caribbean savoring regional delicacies ashore and enjoying locally sourced cuisine on board.


After a day of exploring unique islands, enjoy a cocktail at the Commodore Club, A charming bar at the bow of Queen Elizabeth. Relax with breathtaking ocean views and live music as you sip on a famous St. Martin guava berry colada with locally sourced guava berry lour cream of coconut and pure pineapple juice. Explore these idyllic locales with kard and blend into a world of sunshine, style and ease. Why cruise when you can sail On a Kard queen to the Caribbean from NPR and WBE Z Chicago?


This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Negin Farsad, Luke Burbank and Brian Babylon. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Karen, big dog. Thank You Bill. In just a minute. There ain't no party like a Limerick party. 'cause why would you have limericks at a normal party? You nerd. So if you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4.


But right now, panels more questions for you from the week's news. Brian. This is exciting. Scientists say they've discovered a new color, and if you wanna see it, all you have to do is what? This has nothing to do with mushrooms, right? No. Here's a hint. Yeah. It involves a laser. And the last thing you should ever do with a laser. Oh yeah, it's called, well, in my neighborhood they call it like light sort lightsaber syndrome, but it's like you're not supposed to look into a laser. Do you live on the death store? You're not supposed to look straight into a laser. I'll, I'll give it to you. That's correct. Thank You.


It's Shoot a laser into your eye. Hmm. So scientists have discovered a new color and all you have to do to see it is to shoot a laser into your eye. So what is a, is the color called blind? Yeah. Oh man. Blind. This is A good question because the color is called Olo for Oh, low my my eyes. Yeah. How did blind Brian get his nickname? Yeah. You know what? If you ever want to go yolo, just see Olo. Yeah, Right? Yeah. Yeah. I honestly though, apparently the color is supposed to be like a blue green, which I gotta be honest, I don't think it should count if the brand new color can be described by two pre-existing colors.


And who told them that? Like what I'm saying? Like what? Test subjects? Yeah. How do they, all right. You ready? Yeah. Ready. Okay. What do you see? Blue Green? I don't know, But also they're Like, it's a color I've never seen before. Like how do they know Worth it? No, I've seen, I've seen Bluegreen. I don't need It. That's a good point. I really want them to find a new color and be like, this one is spiky. Okay. Ine. This week the Wall Street Journal reported that now more than ever, Americans are no longer giving each other. What? High fives. Can I get a hint? Yeah. A hint is that only 20% of my friends call me Big Dog anymore.


Oh, nickname. That's correct. Nicknames. Wait, there's like a a, a decline in nicknames. Yeah. Nicknames appear to be on the decline, partly due to young people being very mindful about building their professional presence online, which is kind of good practice, right? Because you don't want your interviewer's first question to be, so do you prefer Elizabeth or Pizza slot? 35. But luckily, nickname levels remain high among little league baseball teams, construction sites, and bodegas. Where the owner just calls you boss. Are you saying this is bad for my long time friend? Camaro. Kev? Well, in my friend group, everyone had a dumb nickname.


What was yours, Luke? And that's, that's what was most hurtful. My parents gave it to me. Yeah. So my husband had a friend group in college where every single person had him a nickname as well. And it's funny because to this day I don't know their real names, so I just refer to these people like, oh, are you gonna call up baby hairs and See what he's Doing this weekend? We should. What's your boy Jeans up to? Like they were also weird nicknames that like didn't make sense. Like out of context. Baby Hairs is definitely the nickname for Peter's Sekel.


Oh, Moving on. Nobody told him I said that coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, or Cchu on the road. We'll be in Portland, Maine on June 26th and 27th, and at Tanglewood in western Massachusetts on August 28th. For tickets and info to all our live shows, go to npr presents.org. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hey, this is Celine calling from Steamboat Springs, Colorado.


Wow. Welcome Springs. Yes. Steamboat Springs is such a lovely name. It feels like a city from a picture book. What you mean? Yeah. And you know Steamboat's a great place for, you know, a landlocked mountain town. So Well, welcome to the show, Celine. Bill Curtis is going to read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on two limericks, you're gonna be a winner. So here's your first limerick To my brain. A sweet signal you send, it's a pizza and late night talks blend. It's that wonderful scent of letting me vent.


Thank You for being a Friend. Yeah, that's Correct. According to scientists, a person smell can be more influential than their personality when you're deciding to be their friend. I can see how that could work on like a subconscious level, but someone audibly smelling me is not my secret to friendship. Hmm. Yes. That this would give like a show like Sex in the City, such a different look if they were sitting around having brunch and sniffing each other. Yeah. And being like, no, Thank You Samantha. Yeah. Yeah. And then they were like, at that point I realized, I realized, yeah, Mr.


Big smelt great, Celine, here's your next Limerick. If your car's nearby, maybe you should checker. He's a mirror and shiny car hood wrecker. Lots of damage occurred from this hardheaded bird. Now our town lives in fear of a Woodpecker. That's correct. An ornery woodpecker has destroyed over 20 car windows and mirrors in Cape and Massachusetts. He's pecking windows, glass metal. He's not a woodpecker, he's just a pecker. Wow. So what, wait, what?


Where is this pecker now? I think still there. So he's just out like ravaging the town, I assume at this point the mayor of the town. Yes. That's so messed And law. He is now the mayor. Alright, Celine, here is your last limerick. Viral infections are dumb, but the thought of a shot leaves me numb. They don't yet have Slurpees for flu or for herpes. I will chew on this germ killing Gum. That's Correct. Scientists at the University of Pennsylvania have developed a chewing gum that helps fight against viral infections like influenza.


It's working title, juicy flu. Oh no. The gum is made from a kind of bean that contains a protein that essentially traps viruses. So in the lab, this gum neutralized two strains of flu and two strains of herpes. Wow. So if your spouse is always coming home late, chomping on gum whenever they're working late, I've got some bad news for you. Yes. Wait, so you and you can chew it like all the time? Or how does it like It? Like Nicorette or just My breast sweat? Yeah, or you just do it like, or you do it like the, like a vaccine. You do it, you just chew on it once a you. Oh, I Think it's like pretty often. So every time you kiss somebody you're like, what?


Choo chew? Or you're like, oh my my God. Like I'm real itchy choo chew, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's the slogan for the gum. Choo choo chew. Yeah. Gums and trains. Wow. Bill, how did Celine do? She did wonderfully. Three in a row. Celine, good going. Yay. Celine, Thank You so much for playing. Yeah, thanks for having me. Yay.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This message comes from Charles Schwab with their original podcast. Choice Choice is a show about the psychology and economics behind people's decisions. Download the latest episode and subscribe at schwab.com/podcast.


This message comes from rinse. These days you can do a lot from your phone, book, a vacation, buy and trade stocks, but you can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with rinse. Schedule a pickup with the rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com.


Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many fill in the blank questions as they can. And each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Nain and Brian each have two and Luke is skyrocketing at four. What? Whoa. That's what that bluff will do for you. Doesn't make any sense. I know. Alright. Nain and Brian, you're tied. So Nain, I'm just gonna arbitrarily say you're Up First. Great. The Clock will start when I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Monday, Marco Rubio unveiled plans for a massive reorganization of the blank department. Oh the The hair and makeup department at the state.


Right. The State Department on Wednesday long serving Illinois Senator Blank announced plans to retire Dick Durbin. Right. This week, health officials warned that a vaccination rates continue to decline. The US could see millions of new cases of blank Measles. Right? This week, a couple in Pittsburgh got married at their dream location blank. A quick quicksand mo thing on the beach. Not far the mosh pit of a cannibal corpse show. Oh, I was gonna say that. I didn't Say that. On Wednesday, Olympic gymnast blank won her fourth world Sportswoman of the Year award. Oh, Simone. Yeah, right. Biles. Simone Biles. This week NASA celebrated the 35th anniversary of the blank Telescope.


Hubble, right After celebrating a bachelor party, a man in Ireland spent the next three weeks trying to blank Annu his wedding, Trying to remember where he parked. After Parking his car, the man went out, partied and completely forgot where it was. He then spent the next three weeks searching one neighborhood at a time. Thankfully, he's now found the car just in time to get wasted at the wedding reception and lose it all over again. Bill, how did Nain do? Five. Right? 10 more points total at 12 puts her in the lead.


Alright, Brian, you're up next. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, Russia launched a new wave of drone attacks on blank Ukraine. Right. According to a new study, nearly half of us teenagers say that blank has a negative effect on their mental health social Media. Right. This week the White House denied Arkansas's request for federal aid to help people affected by blanks. The flutter tornado. Right. On Tuesday, rescue workers in New Jersey warned that a blank in the southern part of the state had expanded to cover over 8,500 acres. Fire. Right. In a huge rule change the Academy of Motion, picture Arts and Sciences said that members need to blank before voting for the Oscars.


Watch the damn movie. That's correct. Kenyan runner Faith gon announced she would attempt to become the first woman to break the four minute blank this summer Mile. Right. On Thursday, the 2025 blank draft began in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Go Bears NFL. Right. This week a man in Indonesia escaped with only minor injuries after he drove off an uncompleted bridge because blank Bogus asked Google Maps. That's correct. 'cause Google Maps, because Google, Google Maps told him it was the fastest route It is to a stairway to heaven, Even though he crashed into the road below and then ran into a whole bunch of trees, the man escaped with pretty much no injuries.


Then really bad stuff happened after the ambulance driver that picked him up was like, don't worry. I know a shortcut. Yeah. Alright, bill, how did Brian do For the first time in 10 years? I'm honored to say that Brian got every single one. Oh my God. Eight rike. 16 more points Total of 18. So how many does Luke need to win? Seven to tie an eight to win. All Right. Okay, Luke, this is for the game. As part of their ongoing battle, blank University filed suit against the White House This week, Harvard, right.


On Tuesday. The International Monetary Fund warned that Trump's trade war was putting the world closer to a global blank recession. Right? This week, the White House proposed tariffs of up to 3500% on solar panels from blank China. Right. According to a new report, blank pollution levels are getting worse across the US air. Right After being accused of stealing over $200,000, a bank employee in Arkansas defended herself by saying blank. I was trying to buy my baby a new tooth That she was just borrowing the money, citing a loss of journalistic independence. The executive producer of CB S's blank resigned 60 Minutes right.


On Wednesday, human runners competed against 20 blanks in a half marathon in China. Robots right after a driver accidentally drove away with a woman's kid still asleep in the backseat, Uber refused to connect the woman and the police with the driver. But they did blank Hire the kids. They did offer her a $10 credit for a future ride. Oh My God. My God. I first wanna say everyone in the story is okay and the police got the girl back safe and sound. No problem. And I just wanna say that nothing says we are sorry. Like a $10 credit for a future ride.


Oh wait, I'm so sorry. That's in Canadian dollar, so a $7 credit For a future ride. Bill, did Luke do well enough to win Six? Right? 12 more points. Total of 16 was close, but not a win. Brian is the champion. Yeah. In just a minute, we'll ask our panelists to predict who will be the surprising new Pope. Wait, Wait. Don't Tell me. Is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goca writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald.


Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles dorm boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Mohaned Hickey and Monica Hickey. Additional production from Peter Teensy. Wheaty Dog. Gwen Emma Choi is our vibe curator. Our Jolly Goodfellow is Hannah Anderson. Technical direction. Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian og and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel? Who is gonna be the next Pope? Brian Babylon. It will be Pope GPT Negin Farsad Taking a page from the Daily Show and M-S-N-B-C.


The Papacy will have a rotating cast of popes changing every night of the week. And Luke Burbank In a move. Both Vatican ownership and the fans will immediately regret it's Aaron Rogers. And if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis, thanks also to Brian Babylon, Negin Farsad, and Luke Burbank. And thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Karen Chee Filling in for Peter Segel, and we'll see you next week. Karen Chee. Karen, everybody.


This is NPR.


This message comes from travel Nevada, sand dunes, old saloons, high noes, pioneer trails and cowboy tails, snooze emails. Get a little out there. Plan your trip@www.travel nevada.com.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Rosetta Stone, the perfect app to achieve your language learning goals, no matter how busy your schedule gets. It's designed to maximize study time with immersive 10 minute lessons and audio practice for your commute. Plus, tailor your learning plan for specific objectives like travel. Get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off and unlimited access to 25 language courses. Learn more@rosettastone.com slash npr.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. Spring is the season for fresh starts. So start with better Sleep Mattress Firm. Sleep experts will match you with the right mattress. For your best rest, get matched at Mattress Firm's Memorial Day Sale and sleep at night.