
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media visit protect by public media.org. Hey, it's Peter Segel here, and I want to tell you about some exciting things that are coming up in this podcast feed other than just me telling you about exciting things coming up in the podcast feed. The Democratic National Convention is in Chicago this year and we realized so are we. So Wait, Wait is going to the convention.


We'll be bringing you bonus podcasts with our exclusive convention coverage. Talking about the things no one else is brave enough to, and Wait, Wait. Producers, Ian Schlog and Mike Danforth are bringing back how to do everything. It's my wife's favorite comedy podcast from NPR and I wish I was kidding. We'll have fresh episodes for you right here in the feed. Get ready for all this new stuff coming your way. Don't be scared by what's new. Embrace it. You'll love it. From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the man with a gold medal in voice gymnastics.


Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. Oh, Thank you everybody. Thank you so much. It's really great to be back with you Later on. We're gonna be talking today to Kathleen Hanna of the feminist punk band Bikini Kill. They are touring again this summer, 34 years after the band was founded. We'll ask her what it's like to have to get your doctor's permission before you jump into the mosh pit. But First we wanna hear your anthem of rebellion. Give us a call to play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Hi, you're on.


Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Mary Kry from Old Mystic, Connecticut. Now I happen to know Old Mystic. Me too, having been there. No way. Yeah, yeah. Way Yah way. And What do you do there? I'm actually a nuclear test engineer in a small shipyard in Groton, Connecticut. Oh my God. Wow. That's where they build our nuclear subs. So when you say you're a nuclear test engineer does like they turn on the nuclear engine, you have to go down there for a while and you come back and if you're fine, it's working. It's a terrific savings and light bulbs. Exactly. Well welcome to the show Mary. Let me introduce you to our panel This week.


First up, she is the creator and showrunner of Girls five Eva. A fabulous show, all three seasons of which are on Netflix. It's Meredith Scardino. Hello Next, a writer and actor who can be seen at the Williamstown Theater Festival July 30th and 31st in the new play. Marcel on the Train, it's Peter Gross. Hi. Thank You. And A correspondent for CBS Sunday Morning and author of the New York Times Bestselling Octogenarians Late in Life, debuts Comebacks and Triumphs. It's Mocca. Hi Mary. So Mary of course, you're gonna start us off with who's Bill this time?


Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations we found in this week's news. Your job correctly identify or explain? Just two of them. Do that You won our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose for your own purposes, whatever they may be. Alright. Okay. Ready to go? Yes. Alright. Your first quote is an official message delivered from a presidential campaign officially on Thursday. Trump Is old and quite weird. That is the shift in tone. We're seeing now that who is the likely democratic nominee for president? Vice President Kamala Harris. Yes indeed. Kamala Harris. Biden is out, Kamala is in and Democrats are really jazzed.


It's not about Harris potentially being the first female president or the first South Asian president. It's about her being a president. We don't have to worry about on the stairs. Democrats are are just an amazing change of mood because they finally have the candidate they want anybody else. And she'll also be, wouldn't she be the first brat president? Yes. As everyone's saying. Yes. Yes. She is the first brat president or so she was called by Charlie, help me out. X, X, X, X, X, X. Right. She said, she said Kamala is brat. And this apparently won her the youth vote for reasons I'm incapable of understanding.


I've been enjoying watching like all the pundits talk about like now our young, of course someone young in the office told us what brat is and, and just like going and trying to and trying to figure it out. I mean it's, It's very sad. The Funny, the funny thing is also it's like, it's kinda like a messy party girl a little bit who makes some mistakes. Yeah. And then, and so some, sometimes when you tell someone that then they're like, oh. So it was, they don't like, she doesn't like her. She doesn't like Kamala. Yes. And it's like, no, no, no. That's a compliment. It's a compliment. It's a compliment. It's a good thing. And She has to win Wisconsin a swing state. And over there they might think she meant she's a brat. But it's actually, it's so interesting you mentioned in Wisconsin because she and she loves butter.


Like these cooking videos are amazing and there's a video, Kamala loves Butter. She loves butter. Like there's a great video of her telling someone off camera. She didn't realize she was on camera how to make a Thanksgiving Turkey. And she just goes all in on the butter. And then in a recent cookie baking video, it's the same thing. And I thought that is such a great swing state strategy. Oh yeah. Do you think she's taking like big butter kickbacks? Awesome. Now the question is, of course everybody's talking about, now we have to talk about something is who Kamala Harris is gonna pick as her running mate. And everybody thinks, of Course Joe Biden that idiot twist. That would be, that's well that would be amazing. 'cause no one has said he's too old to be vice president. That's true. Vice president doesn't matter.


We all know it doesn't matter. Could be a butter Joe Biden, you know Barb out Butter. Butter back. Better butter Biden. Alright, your next quote is from a disappointed frequent flyer on Southwest Airlines. This is the end of the people's airline. That person was talking about what big change from Southwest that they announced This week? Oh yeah, no more. Just pick your own seat. Yeah, They're switching to assigned seating like all the old boring airlines. Woo. Southwest is finally getting rid of its trademark. First come, first served seating plan.


Now it's just like any other airline. They're even changing their slogan. You know, you are now free to move about the country. Now it's Southwest free Will is an illusion. They're gonna get pilots now too. I heard. Yeah. Yeah. Really. As opposed to like, as opposed to whoever's like the first wine, Whoever Go a, you get the seat way up there. But wait, so the person from that quote is like, oh, it's all over the, the people enjoyed fighting for their seats. People, People loved it. One Southwest passenger told the Washington Post quote, I woke up to a ton of texts from friends giving me the news and another said he liked the old system because he was a quote dedicated middle seat enthusiast.


I feel like he's gonna be fine. You think he's gonna be fine? It's still the Worst seat. You're always going to be able to get that seat. Yeah. The guy who said he was a middle seat enthusiast, he has a friend. Yeah. Like 'cause if he had a friend, he would, that sounds like that. Two, he'd sit the middle seat Tam friends. Yeah. Or just, you Know, doesn't that sound a little bit like some kind of per pervert euphemism. A middle seat enthusiast. Yeah. Now what's interesting Meredith, is apparently they're not doing it to earn more money to compete with the, you know, as they call them the legacy airlines like United and American and Delta. They're, they're doing it. They say it because the other competing cheap airlines are are beating them on price and they need to compete with them. And Spirit Airlines is like, oh, you're getting rid of open seating.


Fine. We're getting rid of seats. Alright, Here is your last quote. It's from the New York Times about where some people need to apply deodorant. Now Where your butt meets your thigh Like a big pizza Pie. That's some morere. No, that was not a morere. That was the times giving romance advice because what is making dating much harder than it was? Oh, the heat. Yeah, The heat because of climate change. Yes. Right. Yeah. That's the answer. The New York Times says that climate change is ruining dating because it's making us all sweaty and gross all the time.


This article was written by a guy who's would be sweaty and gross in probably 10 degree cold Weather. Probably. Yes. This is why I can't get a date. This Is happening to everyone that I've talked to in my apartment. But you know, I Mine it's a middle seat Enthusiast. I was gonna say middle seat guy isn't mine. The times well remember this is service journalism. So they have solutions for you daters out there who are dealing with the heat, apply deodorant liberally, especially to that spot. Choose indoor activities for your date and most importantly, only sleep with them on a first date if they have air conditioning. It's also funny that that's the spot that they picked as a place to apply deodorant.


I mean, I'm just again, where Your, where your butt meets your thumb. Where Five. I'm just gonna say that place does get damp. Yeah. Is there gonna be a hole? There will be a hole's. Not Now. It's fine. Now don't worry about it, but I just want you to know in theory, but really, but What about like in, you know, how's, how are things in Norway? Exactly. Or somewhere where it's like a little cooler. Is it just shag city? Nothing's getting in the way. Oh, you mean what they used to call Oslo now Shag city. Yeah, I got it. Bill. How did Mary do in our quiz? Like a mushroom cloud. She blew the roof off and won three in her off.


Congratulations. Thank You. Well done. Thank You. Right now panel, we have some questions for you. And first it's a game that we're gonna call A race for the bronze because let's not kid ourselves. So the Olympic games in Paris have now begun and we are going to ask you about some events that are happening there. Rapid fire, true false style. So if you get yours right, you get a point. Here we go. Mo, true or false? After reports that the Paris Olympic Village would be furnished with quote cardboard anti-sex beds, an Olympic gymnast posted a video showing that you could in fact have sex in the beds.


I'm gonna say True. That is true, Meredith. True or false? He did it by having sex on the bed. True? No, it's false. He just did somersaults on the bed. But no guarantees. If that's not how you have sex, Peter, Stick to landing. Peter. True or false is the first American torch bearer in the torch. Relay was the first responder who had rescued victims of recent tornadoes in Ohio. True? No, it's false. The first American torch bearer was the senior executive vice president of customer offers and order processing at Best Buy. So inspiring. And Peter and Peter, true or false? After injuring his ring finger practicing for the Olympics Australian field hockey player, Matthew Dawson had to miss out on the games.


I'm gonna say false. It is false because he had the doctors amputate the finger so he didn't have to miss the games. Wait, say the first part of it again. So yeah, what was the problem? So he injured his fingers. Race finger. Yeah. How do you know how presumably playing field hockey. Okay. Apparently it was a choice between missing the games and letting his finger heal or cutting it off and going. So he went, wow. Anyway, that does it for our 2024 Paralympic preview. Remember, it's not about winning or losing, it's really only about winning. And also if you have recently voluntarily amputated your finger, do not swim in the river Saint Coming up.


Our panelists go to work. It's our bluff listener game called One Triple Eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Waitwait Dump top Fer. NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez, a lot of short Daily News podcast. Focus on one story, but sometimes you need for Up First on NPR, we bring you the three top world headlines every single day in under 15 minutes because no one story can capture all that's happening in if the on any given morning. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR. 99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station.


And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. This is Tanya Mosley, co-host of Fresh Air. Amanda Knox spent nearly four years in prison for a murder she did not commit. When she was exonerated, she made an unusual decision to befriend the prosecutor who argued for her guilt. Maybe he could help her make sense of her case. I spent years thinking about it and trying to understand it until I realized that I could just ask. Listen to this interview on the Fresh Air Podcast.


So at this point in the show, we want to take a moment and give you an exciting update in the world of NPR Plus. The NPR plus bundle option is now available to everybody in the US By signing up, you get 20 sponsor free NPR podcasts with more on the way some shows like Wait, Wait up, bonus episodes, others have archive Access, even early access. Impress your Friends by knowing what they're gonna talk about with a bundle. You also get exclusive podcasts discounts for the NPR shop. And yes, the NPR Wine Club, you get all of the perks for one recurring donation of $8 a month, or $96 a year, and more of your donation goes directly to support public media. Now it's only available at plus dot NPR dot org. So if you want to make a bigger impact and get more in return, visit plus dot NPR dot org and select the bundle option today. And thanks to everybody who's already signed up.


Now back to the show From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Peter Gross, bull Rock and Meredith Scardino. And here again as your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thank You so much. Right now it is time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air or check out to the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr Hi, you on.


Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, My name is Aaron and I'm calling from Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Oh my gosh. Jackson Hole. A fantastically beautiful place. I was lucky enough to be at once. What do you do there? I work in operations for a hiking and biking tour company that takes people on trips in Grand Teton, Yellowstone National Park. Oh wow. That sounds like a dream job. Am I right? Yeah, it's a dream job. I love it. Alright, Well Aaron, it's great to have you with us. You're gonna play our game in which you must tell truth from Fiction. Bill, what is Aaron's topic? Not safe for work. There's all kind of faux pa one can do at the office, drink all the coffee without refilling it, stealing all the company's secrets, selling them to the Chinese.


Our panelists are gonna tell you about something someone did at the office that raised a few eyebrows, caused some problems. Pick the real one and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. You ready to play? I am ready. Alright. First let's hear from Peter Gross. Berg's Technologies is a small growing company that wanted to ease the workload of their overstressed staff. But instead of hiring new workers, which would be too expensive, they employed the services of a four foot five inch AI robot named Quickie, a strained port manto of coworker reality. The bosses wanted quickie to have a human touch, so they allowed it to sit in on meetings, listen to conversations in the break room, and generally observe their work habits.


When Quickie went live This week, it mimicked human office behavior a little too well. It stole people's lunches, it microwaved fish in the kitchen. It started coming in late and saying it had car trouble. It even asked to leave early saying it probably had CVID and then went to a baseball game. Then In a bizarre mashup of excuses, it requested the whole week off because its grandmother was dying and also having a baby. Obergs Technologies was thoroughly embarrassed and had to apologize to irate customers because they had just sold and shipped 1000 units of their latest invention. A four foot five inch AI robot named Quickie.


A company hires a robot to be an employee and it turns out to have learned all the worst habits from its fellow employees. Your next office ordeal comes from Meredith Scardino. Usually the only thing that stems from a cubicle that has the power to paralyze an entire office is the way one guy eats salad. It's disgusting. But at Protective Solutions, LTDA small packaging supply company in Stonehouse, England, there's something even more intrusive in the workplace. A tiny potted plant purchased 15 years ago and brought to work by the company's bosses, has grown and grown into what is now a 300 foot long beast.


According to the managing director of Protective, the rapidly growing hedera plant quote goes wherever it wants to with offshoots tracing the ceiling, dipping down to the floor, covering desks and strangling desktop computers, displaying the cockiness and entitlement of an eighties day trader. And with quote, new sprouts appearing every day, morale protective is in an all time low as employees gunning for a corner office, have to hear, sorry. It was taken by the boss's plant. A little, little bitty ivy plant brought in 15 years ago, has now completely taken over an office in England. Your last workplace whoopsie comes from mooc.


Zach Bagnoli had a problem every July. His Minneapolis based insurance company hosts a summer tacular party. This year he was tasked with making gusto the traditional cold tomato based and Ellucian favorite rich with vegetables and spices. But Zach forgot to bring the batch he'd made from home. Luckily, for 14 years he'd been accumulating McDonald's fancy ketchup packets in his lower left desk drawer. After squeezing them into that goldfish bowl that sat empty since the pandemic, he added some spice courtesy of Taco Bell hot sauce packets from 2018 lower right hand drawer.


As for the crucial vegetables that make Gus Pacho a meal in his upper left drawer, he found 33 packets of Heinz sweet relish from that Wendy's that closed during the Bush administration Bush 41, most people chose to sip Zach's Nira Gus Pacho through the coffee stirs he kept in his upper right drawer. Still most everyone fell sick with a nasty case of gas spaso and sodium poisoning symptoms include feeling intoxicated and confused. Said Zach, I'm not worried. I just blamed Mindy and her Burger King mustard shots. Those things were disgusting. Alright, here are your choices.


Something odd and unpleasant happened in an office recently. Was it from Peter Gross? A company that makes an AI robot trained one to be an employee and it became the worst one they ever had because it learned well from Meredith Scardino. A little plant brought into an office has become a giant monstrous ivy that is threatening to push the humans out. Or from Mo, an office worker in Minneapolis treated his coworkers to his ketchup packet Gazpacho, making them sick with sodium poisoning. Which of these is the real story of an office mishap we found in the news? I, I'll go with the story of the McDonald's and the the soup Packet. Great. Done.


Final answer. Alright, you're Your choice then is Mo's story of the guy who made SPAC with nothing but McDonald's ketchup packets. Thank You. To bring you the correct answer, let's hear from someone who knows all about this real story. It started off as a little plant in their bathroom and berry in here, and it just seems to like the environment in here. That was Charlotte, one of the employees at Protective Solutions in the UK, talking about the monstrous 300 foot plant that has taken over their office. I'm afraid, and this is odd for a guide, you have been led astray The Altitude. So you, you did not want a game, but you did earn a point ultimately for Mo, for his delicious recipe.


And we can't Thank You enough for playing and I look forward to seeing you and talking to you where you work as soon as possible. Thank You so much for calling. Thank You. Let me grow. Let me grow, let me grow. Oh, Welcome. And now the game we call Not my job. Back in 1990, Kathleen Hanna formed the feminist punk band Bikini Kill, and Without really meaning to became the Face of the Riot Girl movement, they set out to smash the patriarchy. But 30 years later, it still seems to be here. So they have to tour again. They're doing it this summer. Kathleen Hanna, welcome to Wait.


Wait, don't tell me. So let's talk about the tour first. The Bikini Kill was the first of many musical projects, or rather one of many musical projects you've done. What inspired you to get, get the band back together, as they say, and take 'em on the road? I really need a beach house in Malibu and feminist art pays so well that I just figured, you know, go for the millions. Yeah, no, I mean, clearly with everything going on in the world, we were just like kind of reinvigorated to sing the songs again. Absolutely. It just felt like the right time. You know, I didn't wanna sing these songs 15 years ago and I really wanna sing 'em again now they feel really like, it feels good physically to sing them on stage.


Yeah, Maybe when you sang them 30 years ago, it worked, but the effect wore off. Yeah. Now you have to reapply Bikini Kill. Let's talk about your background, a booster. I was reading in your book, I was reading your book that you recently published, rebel Girl, which is a remarkable memoir, but I, I was surprised by so many things and it, one of them, I was so surprised by your first time singing on stage, which you sang in the book, was like a really important moment when you realized like that's what you wanted to do. Could you tell us about that? Yeah. I got the part of Annie in the musical. Annie. Yes. If you're gonna play Annie, that's the show to do it in. Yeah.


Well, what actually happened was a woman who had a son who went to the school complained that it was sexist, that there weren't very many parts for boys in it. So the play actually ended up being a really horrible mashup of Annie and Oliver Also, you know, about orphans, I guess they were like, let's do one a boy orphans and girl orphans. Wow. But yeah, and then they were fighting each other, so it was like West side story. So they also, I mean, I, I, I couldn't believe that because it's far from the worst thing that happens to you in your, in your youth. But it was amazing to me that like, there, you know, you this, this, this girl who deserves this break and deserves this outlet.


She gets it. And even at the age of whatever it was, 11, the patriarchy comes and ruins it again. It's like, so that's terrible. Did you in fact end up with a big fight with Oliver at the end? Only one orphan can walk away. I mean, I did give him some pretty bad glares in the hallway, but he was like two feet tall. Like, and I was like four foot eight. So I really felt like it was not a fair fight. Right. And it, and he was a very cute, sweet kid and he made everybody cry with that dumb wear is That song. So where is Love? Oh, it's a tear jerker. It is A tear jerker. Can you, can you still do or have you been tempted to do the big song tomorrow from that song, from that show? Oh, I do it all the time. Can can, can we hear it?


I can't do it with plugs. Let's see. That sun will come out. I can't do it right now. The next word is tomorrow. Literally Line. Literally, I just drove here from Hershey Park, Pennsylvania. Oh. Where I was like, I was, I was on rollercoasters for like 10 hours. So I'm sort of like fried. Did you just go to hang or were you guys playing at that, that there's a big venue there. Oh yeah. No, we don't play venues that big. It's not that big. Okay. Thank You. Thank You very much. You could, you deserve it. Yeah, of course. I, you know, I went to ride the super duper looper again 'cause I wrote it when I was like 10.


And so I took my son so he could ride it. And he loves rollercoasters. He's an enthusiast. That's great. I was just there a month ago. It's wow. It's thrilling. It's thrilling, it's Thrilling. It's a nice park. That's great. It's a, it's a nice park. When you walk around in a big public place like Hershey Park, are you recognized by your fans from any of the projects you did, but I'm thinking mainly of Bikini Kill. No, and oddly, the day that we went, it was Foo Fighters who were playing and Foo Fighters. Dave Coral used to be in Nirvana, and we were friends with them when we all first started playing music and everyone was wearing Nirvana shirts and food fighter shirts, and not one person recognized me. So as I was sort of on the rise, I was like coming to terms with did I make the right decision?


Like, should I have, like, should I have signed to a major label? Should I have, you know? And I was like, you know what? My son is so psyched right now and we're having a really good time and no one's coming up and bothering us. And I was like, this is actually kind of awesome. Yeah, Yeah. There you go. That is great. You know, now I wish it would make the story perfect if it turned out that Dave Grohl had played Oliver in that production. You, you, You did. I wanted to ask you about what, I mean, because people talk about your band, like, it started this huge movement called Riot Girl of Independent women in Punk and in music. And I wanna ask you what your sense of your own legacy and influence was looking back now.


I mean, are you talking to like, for example, young woman who saw you, you know, who showed up when they were young and saw you were inspired to do something? I mean, what, what do you feel is is like Bikini Kills legacy? I don't know. I don't really think about it. Like, do you think about your legacy? Oh, I don't know. Time. I just Absolutely, I am entirely focused on death, Kathleen, and I wonder what I shall leave behind. I'm surprised you're not, but I He's already curated his own museum. I have No, I I mean, to my knowledge, I've never inspired anybody to start their own band. But you have, yeah. I mean, no, it, it feels super great. Like, when things like that happen, like, you know, I was on the street and some woman like pulled her car over and was like, I became a Women's studies professor because of you.


And I was like, that's the highest compliment of all time. So I, it just makes me feel like I'm a super successful artist and like, I do my job well, but I don't feel like I'm like a legacy icon or any of that stuff. Like, I, I'm, I'm really looking forward to the stuff I'm gonna do next week and the week after that. And the week after that, like, I'm still making music and I'm still writing and I have a bunch of projects. I'm making a documentary about my, my late uncle who is the world's oldest living drag queen Darcel 15 from Portland, Oregon. Wow. Yeah. So I have a lot of projects going and I'm always looking towards the future. I'm like a shark. I I can't stop moving or I'll die. Well, Kathleen Hanna, it is a pleasure to talk to you.


We have invited you here to play a game that this time we're calling Kathleen Hannah, meet Hannah Barbera. Oh, Hey, you lit up. You must know you. I think you and I are similar in generations, so you must remember that Hannah Barbera is the legendary animation studio behind beloved shows like the Flintstones and Scooby Doo, Scooby-Doo and Lust. Beloved shows like the Partridge Family 2200 ad. So we're gonna ask you three questions about Hanna-Barbera, the animation studio. Get two right, and you'll win our prize by one of our listeners. The voice, voice of anyone they might choose in their voicemail. Bill, who is Kathleen Hanna playing for Sonny Paley of Georgetown, California? So here's your first question. Flintstones fans take the show very seriously.


So when many of them realize that no one ever mentions what Barney Rubble's job is, they began calling the studio at all hours. The calls were so frequent that the studio responded. How a, by having whoever picked up the phone immediately say, I know why you're calling. You want to know what Barney Rubble did for a living? He worked at the quarry B by making a special eight hour long episode that follows Barney's entire workday, minute by minute, or c by just canceling the show out of spite. Oh God, that's so hard. I thought he, for some reason I was thinking he worked at the bowling alley. No, he just spents a lot of time There. I think a One That's right.


A and no surprise, the majority of those calls were late at night from drunk people. Next question. That was very good. After the Flintstones, Hanna-Barbera had another huge hit with Scooby-Doo. Now in order to create Scooby animators did what A, gave an actual great Dane, LSD and watched how it acted. B gave themselves LSD looked at a great Dane and drew how it looked, or c, studied all the desirable traits of award-winning show dog. Great Danes, and then drew the opposite. Oh wow. I'm gonna say, I guess I'll go with the safe answer three, but I think it's really two, but I'm gonna say three.


It is three or rather C And I feel bad that you saw it as a safe answer. Yeah. So they, they interviewed a great game breeder, but like, what's the most perfect example of the breed? If the, it's the perfect dog, what does it look like? And she described it and they just drew the opposite. Huh. Alright. Though they were hugely successful, as we remember from our childhoods, Hannah Barbera loved to work fast and cheap. So sometimes mistakes slipped through. Like, which of these in the Saturday morning cartoon super friends, A, sometimes the superhero's pants would disappear mid scene B, sometimes Batman's voice would come out of Superman's mouth or C, sometimes Green Lantern had three arms. Oh, that's B Actually yes, it was B.


It was actually all of the above. I love when they do that. Oh, Not a lot of quality control back in our youth. Am I right Bill? How did Kathleen he do in our quiz? She Killed the bikini. Kathleen, do something. Not many people do that. Well That's true. Three, right? Congratulations. Kathleen Hanna is a singer, songwriter and punk icon. Her new memoir, rebel Girl is Out now. It is a bracing and moving read and you get to see her on tour this summer with Bikini Kill. Kathleen Hanna, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait.


In just a minute, bill shows off his signature cocktail in our listener Limerick challenge. Call one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


Wait, Wait, don't tell me Fresh Air Up First. NPR News now Planet Money, Ted Radio Hour throughline, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts you can enjoy sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more@plus.npr.org.


Since Donald Trump took office in January, a lot has happened. The White House budget office ordered a pause on all federal grants and Loans. The impact of the Trump administration's tariffs is already being felt Inserted. Trump's efforts to radically remake the federal Government. The NPR politics podcast covers it all. Keep up with what's happening in Washington and beyond with the NPR Politics podcast. Listen, every day From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz.


I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Mo Roka, Peter Gross and Meredith Scardino. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a minute, bill gets arrested for committing a white collar rhyme you like to play. Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. But right now panel, some more questions for you from the week's news Mo. There's a new form of deception apparently between married couples. It's not about cheating, it's that couples are hiding what? From each other.


Not big purchases. That's Too it. That's exactly right. Wow. Stealth shopping is what it's called. Several people who do it. Were profiled by the Wall Street Journal, the go-to paper for husbands who get mad at their wives for buying stuff. And it's true, people are ashamed of, of spending so much money. One woman said she comes home from the stores, right? She smuggles her packages through the back door and then hides them. One guy gets his new shirt sent to his office and launders them so they don't look new when they come home. Makes sense? All of that is much easier than having a ten second conversation. And these are all marriages that are gonna last Forever. They're Forever, they're last. Peter, the Washington Post reports that with the big rise in VR gaming, right?


That's with the headset you're in, the virtual reality. There's also a big rise in vr. Gamers doing what? Walking out into the street and getting hit by a real car, Almost basically going to the ER because they're injuring themselves. Now you've heard, you've heard of course, of injuring yourselves while playing actual games in the real world. But now you can do the same thing without risking any health benefits or exposure to the sun. So of course, right? You're playing VR games, you have this headset, you're wearing sort of headphones, you have immersive virtual world. You think you're igniting your lights saber to fight Darth Vader right in front of you when you don't see that you're standing at the top of the stairs Or you're in a knife store.


Bad place to do that. Yeah. Don't do it in knife store. So Don't, don't go into a knife store with An actual knife store. With no cases. With no cases. So You're like, don't. Whatever you do. Important safety tip. Do not go into a knife store and play your VR combat game there. Yeah, don't do it there. That's that. And if You own a knife store, don't let the guy with a VR thing in. I know you wanna be welcoming, You know? Yeah. You wanna be like, this is the crap knife store. A cool knife Store guy. It's fun. Yeah. Come on here. I'd rather you do it here than some other knife store. Just imagine down at like, you know, I mean here, a 10-year-old cool knife store. It's like guy comes in just carrying his PlayStation five and his VR headset. He puts it down. Do you just mind if I do this here? Yeah, bro. Cool. Whatever.


Totally, man. There's no rules Here. Live in the present, the knife store. Right? Mo a team of Japanese scientists who published a list of ways people can reduce food waste in their home, including doing what? Before throwing out old food. I mean, to eliminate food waste before you can throw, can you gimme a clue? Sure. It's like something like, I'm sorry, I filled up on bread first. Oh, eat it yourself. No, you can't eat it. It's gone back. Oh, you Can't eat it yourself. So You have wronged this food. Mo, what do you do when you, You apologized.


You, you Apologized. God, That Was you got it. A lot of Things on this list. Very common sense, like making sure that the oldest food that's closest to aspiring is closest to the front. So you see it and telling your leftovers you're sorry before throwing them away. You have to make it just, just, you know, you have to make it a real apology. It's not like, oh, I'm sorry that you felt the need to Get molded. Couldn't you just get Nancy Pelosi to come in there and just take the food and tell it to get rid. Just pressure the food to leave voluntarily. She's good at that. Right Now, the idea, you may be wondering why you do this, but the idea is, over time you'll become so aware and so guilty about the way you're wasting food, that you will buy more efficiently just what you need.


Plus you'll save money on electricity because you're gonna open your refrigerator less often because you don't like how the pasta looks at you. You have to, it also sucked to be in a relationship with someone that doesn't apologize that easily. And then you hear them at the freaking refrigerator saying Sorry to like some fish. How I have to say, I'm sorry. Again Coming up, it's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait.


That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4 where you can see us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Or come see us on the road. We will be in Minneapolis on August 29th and 30th. And check out the Wait, Wait standup tour coming this September to Fort Lauderdale, Tampa, Orlando, and Atlanta. Tickets and information for all shows can be founded. NPR presents.org. Hi, you are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, Jennifer Hill. I'm from Decatur, Georgia Decatur. I know all about Decatur. East of downtown Atlanta, right? Correct. Absolutely. I know it well. What do you do there? I am an assistant professor at Agnes Scott College. Agnes Scott College. I have not heard of though. That's a pretty cool thing. What do you teach? Chemistry. Chemistry. Oh, you're one of those real professors.


No, you can't. You can't teach chemistry. You either have it or you don't. Well, welcome to the show, Jennifer. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks, you'll be a winner. Ready to go? Yes. Here's your first limerick. Here's a tweet from the CNN fixture showing off his eponymous spritzer. It's a fun brunch with booze When, oh no. Breaking news. Get back to the office Wolf. Blitzer Blitzer. Yes. What could it possibly be?


But wolf blitzer. So it's last Sunday. Just picture this in your wolf blitzer, and you work all the time. You're on TV all the time, and you finally take a break. Oh my God. Nothing's happening today. You go out for brunch and at the place you go, there is a drink called the Wolf spritzer on the menu. And you're like, that's great. Of course you gotta have one and then you gotta have another. It's named for you. It's not like President Biden is gonna drop outta the race today. So right before the news broke, a wolf Blitzer had tweeted a picture of himself holding up a wolf spritzer. And he's got this relaxed and happy face of a man who knows. He's got the day off and when he did absolutely have to run into the office and go on the air, he looked sad as if his wolf spritzer was just off camera with the ice melting and he's not allowed to drink it.


Can I just say that years ago I was in a parking lot of a restaurant in Bethesda, Maryland, and I was with my Colombian Aunt Kta, who was already in her eighties, and CNN is international and Wolf Blitzer came through. He was coming into the restaurant and she got so excited and I swear to you, started going elbo like, That's Hilarious. Whoa. Very, very excited. That's great. Did did the wolf turn around and go Guness, here is your next limerick. Hi, cold baby birdie. I see ya. My tacos. Give me an idea. This wrap keeps you warm and safe from the storm.


You'll be fine. In this grilled corn Tortilla Tortilla. Yes. A Texas woman found an orphaned baby bird in the ground during a family cookout without a box to keep it in. She quickly warmed up a tortilla on the grill and wrapped the bird up in it. Oh. Oh, That's cute. And it turns out the strategy was surprisingly delicious. I mean, I mean effective. Effective. How? How does this story end? It could Go too extremely different. No, no. It has a very happy ending. They, they wrapped up a, who wrote the bird in the tortilla, and then they called a wildlife rehab center who came over and found the bird safe and healthy after they brushed the shredded cheese off of it. Sadly, the second little bird didn't make it after it said it was on a low carb diet and asked for a bowl instead.


Here is your last limerick. Most sharks would prefer to abstain, but much nose candy goes down the drain. It flows past the ports and the sharks get a snort because the water is filled with cocaine. Yes, cocaine. A new study of sharks captured off the coast of Brazil showed that every single shark tested positive for cocaine. Every single one. This explains why sharks are always like, I have to keep swimming or I'll Die. Say hello to my little theme. I mean, it occurs to me like, apparently, like there are parts of the sea that are like filled with cocaine because of all the cocaine that are being flushed down toilets.


And I'm like, we're wasting too much cocaine. Yeah. Isn't there A program, there's enough of it to get into this ocean and make the, you know, the sharks cocaine heads there Are. There are people who need cocaine and can't afford it, and there are people flushing cocaine down the toilet. We have to, as a country, find a way to get these people together or else what are we doing on this planet? Yeah. So wasteful. It is so wasteful. So Wasteful. Bring a Sarah McLaughlin song up slowly. Yeah, exactly. Bill, How did Jennifer do in our quiz? Yeah. Do you believe Jennifer? She ripped right through it for a total win.


Yeah. Congratulations. Well done. Singapore is one of the busiest cities in the world, but biologist Philip Johns is fascinated by a different inhabitant on the island Otters. At rush hour downtown, the otters would swim toward each other and there literally tens of thousands of people who are on their way to work How ideas, emotions, and creatures coexist. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. At Planet Money.


We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, from A quality standpoint, is the best in the World. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for? The stupid guy here. They're old, smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts. Now onto the final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is now worth two points. Bill, can you give us this scores? Yes, I can. Peter has two. Meredith has three, and Moo has four.


Whoa. All right. So Peter, you are in third place. You're Up First. The clock will start when they begin your first question, fill in the blank. During a speech from the Oval Office on Wednesday, blank explained why he dropped out of the presidential race. I mean, if they're all gonna be this easy, I'm gonna be very happy. Joe Biden? Yes. Following a global tech outage, thousands of blanks were canceled across the country. Last weekend, flights. Yes. This week the house voted to create a bipartisan task. Force to investigate blank's. Assassination, attempt Trump. Yes. Blazing across almost 300,000 acres of blank in Oregon was named the largest in the country. Forest Fire. Wildfire. Yeah. For a number of incidents, Florida police warned residents, not too blank on the side of a particular highway. P. Pull over and let their alligators go to the bathroom.


No. Pull over to take selfies with a quote. Depressed bear who's been hanging out there. On Thursday, Disney reached an agreement with union workers to avoid a blank at Disneyland strike. Yes. According to data, Monday was the hottest day across the globe. Beating the record set on blank Sunday, right. The day before This week, a woman in Canada was ordered to pay a man $600 after a court ruled that the Coldplay concert they went to was not blank, Was not the best concert that she would ever go to in her entire life. No. That the Coldplay concert they went to together was not in fact a date. The woman said she should not have to reimburse the man for the $600 tickets because they were obviously on a date and he was treating her, but the court said otherwise.


So remember guys, for your own security, this guy got lucky. But for your own security, whenever you ask a woman to accompany you to an expensive event, always clearly say, I do not find you attractive in any way. Bill, how did Peter do in our quiz? Peter came from behind to get six. Right? 12 more points. Total of 14 puts him in first place. All right, Meredith, all of Yes. Meredith, you are up next. On Wednesday, Israeli prime minister Blank gave a speech before Congress. Netanyahu. Netanyahu. Yes. On Monday, scientists confirmed the discovery of blank. 13,000 feet under the sea. A a sea Worm, no oxygen. Oh.


This week Russia began offering Moscow residents $22,000 each to fight in the war against blank Ukraine. Right. On Wednesday, Taiwan experienced flooding after a powerful blank hit that coast typhoon. Yes. After being criticized for his speech at the RNC last week, Wisconsin, Senator Ron Johnson defended himself by saying blank. No, He said they voted the wrong speech into the teleprompter after being accused of Underserving customers chain. Mexican restaurant. Blank said their quote, reemphasizing generous portions. Chipotle. Yes. On Thursday, the NBA announced the new $77 billion deal with blank. Netflix. No Disney, Comcast and Amazon This week fans of Hello Kitty.


Were shocked when a spokesperson for the company revealed that Hello Kitty isn't blank. No. A Cat. It's not. During an appearance on the Today Show of VP for San Rio, the Japanese company that created Hello Kitty. Confirmed that she is quote, not a cat, but an 8-year-old girl. Ooh. In a cat costume That explains her cat ears and litter box. Shocking. Shocking. Bill, how did Meredith do in our quiz? She's Tracking. Well, five, right? 10 more points. 13. One behind Peter. Alright, So Bill, how many does Mo need to win? Well, Five to tie and six to win. Here We go. Alright, Mo, this is for the game. Here we go. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, Kimberly c Cheatle, the director of the blank, resigned the Secret Service Right.


On Thursday, NASA confirmed that there's still no set return date for astronauts stuck on the blank On in the Space Station. Right. This week, the British Royal family issued new measures to help combat blank on their properties To combat paparazzi. No climate change. On Friday, SAG AFTRA authorized the strike against the companies that make blanks. Oh, the companies that make video games. Hold on before, Yes. It's video games. Okay. Yes. According to the New York Times, several members of his family are locked in the court battle over control of blank's, media Empire, Rupert Murdoch. Right after an investigation, a teacher in India was fired. When it was revealed, he spent half the school day blanking A teacher.


Oh, he spent a half the, the school day on, I mean, on his phone. Yes, he did. Playing Candy Crush Specifically. Oh. After noticing his class was underperforming, the school superintendent launched an investigation and found the teacher was spending almost half the day playing Candy Crush on his phone. When asked how he could just stare at his phone all the time and ignore his students, he said, by way of explanation, who Bill did Mo do well enough to win Big news? He got 14, which is a tie, which Peter, that's very Congratulations. Holy cow. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict when it's all over what will have been the standout moment from the Paris Olympics.


But first, let me tell you all that, Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with urgent haircut cut productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Coca writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shayna Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Leaderman composer. Our theme, our program is lovingly produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Dobos and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Monica Hickey and Blythe Roberson. Peter Gwen is Brat Emma Cho is, our barbecue technical direction is from Lorna Weer CFO's. Colin Miller, our production manager is Robert Newhouse, our senior producers Ianello and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel? What will be the big moment from the Paris Olympics?


Morocco, The usually peaceful parade of Nations turns into the 4 0 5 as roit up Chinese swimmers flip off other athletes and cut them off. Ensuing brawl causes massive pile up. Meredith Scardino. Well, they lit the torch mostly just to cover up the smell of the sun, what people did to the sun. And Peter Gross. The Australian 1600 meter relay team will lose their baton and then find a new one by using the field hockey player's amputated finger. Nice. Well, If any of that happens, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, Don't tell me.


Thank You, Bill Curtis, thanks also to Meredith Scardino, Mo Rocka and Peter Gross. Thanks to our fabulous audience here After C Theater In downtown Chicago. Thanks to all of you out there in the world for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week from Wolf Trap. This is NPR. Shortwave thinks of science as an invisible force showing up in your everyday life, powering the food you eat, the medicine you use, the tech in your pocket. Science is approachable because it's already part of your life.


Come explore these connections on the Shortwave Podcast from NPR These days. There is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory, and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR.