
Hey, it's a Martinez, a lot of short daily news podcasts. Focus on one story, but sometimes you need for Up First on NPR, we bring you the three top world headlines every single day in under 15 minutes because no one story can capture all that's happening in, on any given morning. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR. Hey, it's Peter Segel here, and I want to tell you about some exciting things that are coming up in this podcast feed other than just me telling you about exciting things coming up in the podcast feed. The Democratic National Convention is in Chicago this year, and we realized so are we.


So Wait, Wait. Is going to the convention. We'll be bringing you bonus podcasts with our exclusive convention coverage, talking about the things no one else is brave enough to, and Wait, Wait. Producers, Ian Chill and Mike Danforth are bringing back how to do everything. It's my wife's favorite comedy podcast from NPR and I wish I was kidding. We'll have fresh episodes for you right here in the feed. Get ready for all this new stuff coming your way. Don't be scared by what's new. Embrace it. You'll love it. From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz.


I'm the man who makes rich people open their wallets just so they can hear me say their name. Chio Ayson. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, Jesse. Thank You everybody. A as hard as it is to believe we have arrived at summer Vacation 2024, which means it is time for Bill Curtis's annual pilgrimage to Ibiza. So we're lucky to have Keoki fill in for Him. Somebody had to be there to hit you if you pronounce it Abha. So, while Bill is partying till Dawn, we're going to amuse ourselves with some highlights from our past show, starting with an extended version of our visit with Jason Isabel, the Grammy winning singer songwriter joined us soon after releasing his latest album, which he wrote while on the set of the movie Killers of the Flower Moon in which he starred.


Thank You. Thank You very much. So great to talk to you. I I just, first we need to start with the fact check, which is your band. The 400 Unit is named after an as an asylum. Yes. And it was really just, it was part of a, a, a hospital, a general hospital, and the, the, the floor where they put all of the mental health treatment patients was called the 400 Unit. And, and me and everybody else that I knew and that I grew up with, had family who had spent time in the 400 unit if they hadn't done so themselves. Wow. And, and so it was kind of a, it was a thing in our family when somebody would have a come apart, you know, my granddad would say, be careful, we're gonna send you to the 400 unit. And eventually I found myself, after naming my band the 400 Unit, I found myself judging their talent show.


And really, I mean, it was, it was incredible. There were some extremely talented people in there, as you might imagine. Yeah. People think you're one of the greatest songwriters alive. Like, like John Mayer called you, our Greatest living lyricist. So my question is, what is his problem with your tunes? That's what I thought too. He doesn't like my guitar player. I Think he think that's what I thought He made up for it when he wrote that song about your body being a wonderland. Yeah. It was originally Wonder Bread, but he changed. And, and, and I also, I heard you say once that when you met Bruce Springsteen, he immediately launched into one of your songs.


He did? Yeah. He said that his son had brought my album home and he had really fallen in love with this song called Traveling Mal Alone. And then he leaned in and he started singing it. And I immediately thought, oh my God, this man is singing my song in Bruce Springsteen voice. But yeah, he was very, very kind, which meant a whole lot to me. Sure. Well, how do you respond to that? Did you feel like you needed to do a little, you know, dancing in the Dark for him just to even things out? Yeah, I felt like I needed to do that. I sang Thunder Road in its entirety, acapella. I did a knee slide at the end. There is, I i, I don't know what you wanna call it, A stereotype, a cliche, maybe even a joke about you that you only write very sad songs, but have you ever just sat down to just like, you know, just show the world and write a song like, my Puppy is so cute, or something like that just to show you've got that club in your bag?


No, No. I never, I haven't, I've written songs for my daughter. My daughter's eight years old. Oh sure. And I, and I have made up songs for her that are happy and she did not like them. So I went back And, and so I, I read this thing about you that you, you went to college, you're a creative writing major, but you left college one credit shy of getting your degree. And then just recently, years after you left school, you went back and they gave you your degree. Is that right? Right. Well, I didn't go back like they, I don't know if I'm supposed to tell this. So what happened was, it was a human fitness and wellness course.


So it was a book course about like how many calories are in a cupcake and they would take you in and pinch you with the little forceps and tell you if you were overweight or not. And I was not about to do that. So Wait A minute. This was the only course you had to take to graduate college, this human health course, and you were like, absolutely not. I'd rather just leave. Yes, yes. Wow. That is Exactly what happened. Well, he'd been pinched enough. He was like, I gotta get outta here. It was one of the most beautiful moments of my life because I remember distinctly thinking, I can get outta here and walk out and no one's gonna arrest me or anything. Yeah, you can like, don't tell your children this, but you can just leave College.


And, and so more recently the college approached you and said, we are aware that you were one credit shy and you never graduated. So What did they say? They said that I knew enough now about those things. In their Estimation It's 'cause Well, knowing a lot of your songs, you know, there's a track that didn't make Southeastern, that's all about how many calories in their cupcakes. So they obviously there Is. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. And that one is the saddest of all With Tears in their eyes. They were like, you finally Get it now, how many Calories do they have? How dare you, you, you've broken. And they gave me my degree, but I don't know if the degree that they gave me is a, is a degree that existed before that moment or not.


It looks Like something they made up. Like it's got the word studies in it more than once. I dunno, I don't know what I can use it for, but I'm very proud of it. Sure. You, you are married to another wonderfully talented singer, a musician and songwriter Amanda Shires. And, and you were actually on NPR R'S Tiny Desk concert and you were with her. Right. And there's this moment during the concert that you do where your beautiful, talented wife looks at you and leans close and says, do I have any boogers? Yes.


And and you lean in and you check and you say, no. And I, and I just wanna say, is that like what your relationship is normally like? I think so. Yeah. I think that's true. Love. If if you Feel Comfortable enough to ask and they feel comfortable enough to answer, then you know, you're being a good friend to that person in that moment. Yeah. And you know, the only other option was just go with the boogers and, and play the show with the boogers. Yeah. And nobody wants that to happen. Yeah. The problem is, the problem is when when I see boogers and she doesn't, then we have a, a Brother.


And, and when that happens and you're like, you have boogers. And she's like, no I don't. Do you say, well, I'm a college graduate. Yes. I have my degree in studies and other Studies. Jason, Isabel, it is so much fun to talk to you. We have invited you here to play a game that this time we are calling Big Ben is Clock No is Bell. So we have decided to ask you Jason, Isabel three questions about Big Ben, which many people don't realize is not the clock.


It's the bell in the clock. And so two outta three questions correctly, you'll win our prize for one of our listeners, the voice of anyone they might like from our show going Bong Bong on their voicemail. Bill, who is Jason Isabel playing for Jared Maynard of Dearborn, Michigan. Alright, Here's your first question about Big Ben. The man who designed Big Ben. Both the clock and the bell was Baron Grim Thorpe, who was a lawyer and self-proclaimed expert on clocks. In fact, his fame about his expertise on clocks was such that he was repeatedly elected president of Britain's Horological Institute. Great guy to have in charge. But there was a problem. What was it?


A, he was never weirdly on time to the meetings. B, he was so obnoxious as a person, a condition of him becoming president was that he never attend any of its dinners or see, he demanded that the clock in the institute's clock tower be digital. I mean, since you called him a self-described expert, I would say that he's not somebody you would want to sit down at dinner with. You're exactly right. That's I would go with being. Yeah, that's right. In fact, he was originally charged with picking someone to design the clock.


And he said, you know, who's best at designing clocks? Me. Alright, You got that one right? You were very sharp on that. Grim Thorpe, as I said, gave himself the job of designing the clock and the bell, which immediately cracked the first time they hit it with something. And he dealt with that disaster by doing what? A, he took responsibility, apologized and handed off the job to someone else to do correctly. B, he claimed that he meant it to crack because it would sound better that way. Or C, he made friends with a guy who worked at the foundry that made the bell, got him drunk, and convinced him while drunk to say that it was all their fault.


Ooh. C is tempting, but it's hard for me to imagine this man making friends with anybody. I'm gonna go with B again. No, it was actually C. He did get the guy drunk, convinced him to say it was the Foundry's fault. That not being true. The foundry sued him for libel and won. And then he got angry and said it again and they sued him again and they won again. So bing Don, Last question. If you get this right, you win in addition to the bell of Big Ben and the clock and the bell, by the way, is still cracked. The baron is memorialized forever By what a, the phrase to Grt Thorpe, which means to ruin a building while attempting to restore it be an act of parliament requiring all clock makers to this day to prove that their products were not designed by Baron Grimm, Thorpe or Sea being the only person to be buried in a small nave of Westminster known as the Jackasses Corner.


Oh, I think it's a, I think it Is a, you're right, it is a Wow. Phil, how did Jason Isabel do in our quiz? Well, We know he did not grim for this. See two out three. You're a winner. Jason Again. Jason Isabel is a celebrated singer songwriter whose new album Weather Veins is up for three Grammys. Jason Isabel, Thank You so much for joining us. And Wait, Wait. Thank You Tommy. What an absolute thrill to talk to you. Take care.


When we come back, we talk to two authors. One who is the most prolific author in the world, James Patterson. And one who might be, if she didn't also have to host a TV show Rachel Maddow. That's when we come back with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. From NPR.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts. Free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit Protect by public media.org.


Wait, Wait, don't tell me Fresh air Up First. NPR News now. Planet Money. TED Radio Hour through line. The NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts you can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more@plus.npr.org.


From NPR and WB Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. Peter Segel. Thank You Gki. Thank You all. Woo. Come on people. Make it believable. Thank You Chichi. So This week Chichi is filling in for Bill who got an early start in his summer vacation. And we're also revisiting some of our favorite moments from the past year while the rest of us are trying to find him. Where in the world is William Horton Curtis?


For many years we had wanted to interview M-S-N-B-C host Rachel Maddow, but it was impossible because she was too busy. Finally, she reduced her broadcast schedule to just one hour a week. That's hardly working at all. You'd be surprised Cki how taxing it is. Anyway, Rachel has more time now to write books and at the start of the year we interviewed her at Carnegie Hall about her latest, a book called Prelude as well as about how she stumbled into her remarkable career. Everybody, we, we heard that back in college at Stanford, everybody thought you'd be a professor 'cause you were to use a term that I think is approbation in these circles and egghead A little bit of a dork. A little bit of a dork. Yes.


So how did you stumble into broadcasting? I was finishing my dissertation living with friends, totally broke. And I got a job as the news girl on a morning zoo radio show. You are kidding me. No, it was live on the air audition and I got hired on the spot and started the next day. And how Did, how did you fit in in the whole morning zoo crew type ethos? Well, one of the things that happened on our morning zoo show, it's called the Dave in the Morning Show. Sure. And we used to write jingles for local businesses. Oh wow. Yeah. But I think I speak for your international fandom to ask, can you still do a jingle?


I remember bits of them. For example, it's not just for Cinco de Mayo. So put on a suit and a tayo. I don't remember how that one started. There was something about don't borrow, you can't borrow my chainsaw somewhere on Route nine. Get yourself a chainsaw. 'cause you sure ain't using mine. Green Mountain Power out in Florence, mass. We give you the power to cut your freaking grass. I Do remember some Do. Do you remember what it was like to transition from radio to tv? Something I've never dared to do. I have never really admitted to myself that anybody can see me when I'm a televis.


In my mind it's just me and a microphone. If you think about it, you can't see them. So it wouldn't be fair if they could see you ding. Right, exactly. I wear the same clothes every day. Right. I, there's nobody else in the room except for a nice lady named Jackie who stands next to the camera. Yeah. And I don't pay very much attention to what the visuals are on the screen. And I just think about the script. Right. Does it ever get intense? 'cause I know people look to you not just for information and analysis, but for kind of hope. Do people like come up to you and like laden you with that? Because that'd be a lot. It's, yeah, I don't, I don't feel beleaguered by it or anything. I, I have nothing to complain about at all. I do sometimes worry when people say that I am the thing that gives them hope.


Right. I just think, wow, that is a gossamer thread. Yeah. Because I'm just a person who talks about the news on television. Like, you should have other resources. I understand you, you've become quite the fisher person. Yes. I'm, I do it a lot, but I'm bad at it. Really? Yes. What kind of fishing? All the fishing. All the Fishing, fly fishing, spin fishing, ice fishing. I love ice fishing. Ice fishing. Ice fishing is my favorite kind of Fishing. So you're telling me that if I'm out there like in the mountains of the Berkshires and it's, there's a frozen lake, I can look out there and there's a huddled person sitting there in a next to a hole in the ice. It could be you. Yes. Wow. Yes. Staring into a hole.


Yeah. Happier than I am at any other time of the year. Really? Yes. I could do this all day. But we do have business to do. You have a new book out called Prequel, which is about the pro fascist movement in America. But since you have written a book called Prequel Yes, we have. We have asked you to play a game. We are calling the Worst prequel of them all. Meaning what do you know about the Phantom Menace Star Wars episode one? Oh no. Right. Oh No. So we're, if you, your job is to answer two to three questions correctly about the Phantom Menace.


Oh no You Don't. Do you know I saw the first Star Wars movie when I was four? Yeah. And that's the only Star Wars movie I have ever seen. Right. And the only time I've ever seen that one. Do you know what they're about? They're about like war Yeah. And stars. And they're stars. Stars. Yeah. I can do this. Okay, bill, who is Rachel Maddow playing for Leewood year of New York City, who is celebrating his 60th birthday with us here at Carnegie Hall? Here's your first question. Now we all know, you may remember this. Remember the lightsaber fights in Star Wars, the Swords, you remember this?


Well, you have to have lightsaber fights. And they had them in the Phantom Menace, but they were hard to get Right when they were filming YA, all the lightsabers had been thrown out. When Lucasfilm moved their offices in 1994, B actor, you and McGregor who played Obiwan, kept making lights, lightsaber noises with his mouth, which were really hard to remove in post-production. Or c George Lucas insisted that the actors fight with real lightsabers. I'm gonna go with oh BB is the answer. You and the Gregor. Wow. You would know this if you were that kind of nerd rather than the brainiac.


But it is literally impossible to pick up like anything, even a flashlight and not go. And you and McGregor could not stop himself from doing that and they had to erase it. Wow. Okay. The movie sets were built only to be as high as the actor's heads. Right. Because the rest of the, you know, expanse of whatever room they were in would be created digitally later. Right. But there was an unexpected problem with that supposedly money saving technique. What was it? A Liam Neeson who was in the film was so tall that he cost the set crew an extra $150,000 in construction costs. B George Lucas said the doors will be CGI two. So the construction crew did not put any openings in the wall for the actors to walk through or see whenever an actor ran on the set, his head would bounce too high and disappear.


We think it's Liam Neeson. You're right. That's true. Hey, this is great. I love this. I love that you're answering this as a collective. Yes. So Appropriate for you M-S-N-B-C people. This is the most liberal collective thing I've ever done. I know. It's really good. Alright, last question. The parts of the movie that were not shot on digital sets were made in the deserts of Tunisia, where it got so hot that what happened on set A, the actors playing Jedi Knights demanded and got air conditioners put under their robes. B Natalie Portman and the other actors actually fried an egg on top of R 2D two or C, they needed four standby actors ready to get into the metal C3 PO costume because they kept passing out.


Oh wow. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Trust your feelings Rachel Maddow. Alright, I'm gonna go with air conditioners. No, it was actually the Fried egg. Oh, You're Kidding. Yes, they did. An actor named Ahmed Best who was in the movie said that they did that. And as far as we know, he had nothing else to do with the film. Bill, how did Rachel Maddow do in our quiz? How could We make Rachel anything more than a champions? Rachel Maddow is the host of the Rachel Maddow show on M-S-N-B-C. And her new book, prequel debuted at number one at the New York Times bestseller list.


Rachel Maddow, Thank You so much for joining us. In October of last year, we went to Hartford, Connecticut where we interviewed bestselling author James Patterson. How bestselling is he? You ask? Well, he doesn't even live in Hartford. He just flew in on his private jet. Peter asked him about his remarkable stature in the world of letters. We were looking Into this and everything I said is true. You are in fact the bestselling author in the world. One piece of data we came across is like seven. That's kind of A tragedy, but We'll go with it. Well, okay. 7% of all books sold in a year are your books, which is something to be proud of, I assume you're proud of it.


Yes. I, you know, just very quickly, and there's a, and I don't know who said this, it wasn't me, but I love it and, and I think it's as true for 20 year olds as it is for somebody my age, 30 something. And, and, and what it's my time here is short. Yeah. What can I do most beautifully? Right. And for me it's telling stories. Right. And that, and that's what it's all about. I don't care about anything other than that. Okay. This is, this is, this is a hard question to ask any artist, especially a very popular one, but I'll try. Can you explain your success? Do you know why you are on the, the top of that list? I, I don't think about it that way, but it's just, it's just story, story, story, story.


I mean, you know, you know the, the real estate thing, location, location. It's just story, story, story. Right. And, and you were not at first a novelist. You were in the advertising business. Yeah, but I've been clean for over 25 years. Oh, I'm glad. I'm glad. Congratulations. Thank You. You have a chance. And, and were you al did you always wanna be a writer? You were one of those guys who like, Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, totally. And and Did you feel, did you have to go through like a, you know, a, an an apprenticeship of like did you write a lot of novels that you had to throw away before you Put No, I was, I was really lucky in that the first one I wrote, I was 25, 26 years old. It won an Edgar Best first mystery. And that's the best thing I've written I've ever written, haven't written anything even close to that since. Really?


So I was really good. I had a lot of promises when I was 26. Yeah. Now look, you've written, like I said, in every genre. I, I tried to find one. The only things you haven't done are epic poetry and erotica. I, I did epic erotica at a certain age. You, you, that's just comes off the scorecard. It's just not gonna, I'm not going to erotica. Right. Really. All of a sudden you sit down to write it instead of like doing anything. Just not feeling that. They just, they just watch some TV and go to bed and you're like, that's exciting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You're an immensely popular author. Do you get recognized in public? You know, it's a mixed bag. I, I was in a restaurant in, in Florida, Italian rice favorite restaurant.


They took us to the seat and, and I'm walking down the aisle with my wife and this lady pops up and she says, I know you, you sold us our life insurance. So I do, I do get Recognized. So like a half credit, a half credit. I, you know, I, I went with it. But the weird thing is, so then I, we sat down and during the appetizer, somebody in back said, are you from Massachusetts? I turned around and said, you're Tom Clancy. This is true. This is within 10 minutes. It's like, you know, whatever. Yeah. So yeah, I do get recognized. Right. I You want funny stories? I do. I do.


Would it be amusing to ask you about your feud with Stephen King? I, you know, I, we don't have a feud. He has a feud. I like his books. Although the weird, the new one, the new one is so weird. They put this cover Holly with a nice little house. Yeah. It looks so cute. It's about these two old people who are cannibals. Right. You know, that's, and that's, I swear to you, you think that's a comedy. It's weird. He is a very, very good writer. And I'll leave with it. That, that's, that's where I come out on Stephen King. Wow. Okay. You Well, I didn't know, I didn't know authors had beef like that. They do man. Like rappers? Yeah. Yeah. Well, no, no, no. Oh, a lot of, a lot of John Irving. There are a lot of, a lot of that. I'm not into it Really. There are a lot of literary. Did you used to have literary beefs when you were young?


When I'm, I'm a kid in New York, just in there and, and this, I go into this, there was a, a party and in this back room, I swear to God is James Baldwin and Norman Mailer. And they're arguing, but they have their fist clutched. Right. And they're both little. They're like about five four or something like that. James Baldwin and Norman Mailer are gonna go at it. Well, they were going at it verbally, but they had their, it was like this kind of, you know, it's weird. Yeah. Do you think that's how, that's how writers, we don't really fight, but We'll, you know, we'll fake it. We'll threaten It. We'll Threaten it. Norman, I guess Norman Mailer liked to box. Yeah. Like I would box him. I wouldn't be afraid of him. You think you could beat him? Yeah. Hell yes.


That's how you become the world's bestselling author. Well, James Patterson, we have asked you here to play a game. We're calling, I've got an hour until my flight and money in my pocket. So your books do very well in airport bookshops when people need something gripping to get them through a flight. But we were wondering what other fun things can you buy in an airport? Answer two to three questions about other airport purchases correctly. You'll win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose in their voicemail. Bill, who is James Patterson playing for? Catherine Nhan. Cheney from New Britain, Connecticut. Alright. Alright, Catherine, if I mess this up, I'm gonna get you a dozen Dunking Donut donuts or some gra ice cream.


So no matter what, you're gonna be a winner. Alright. And I'm gonna mess it up. The first Thing you can buy in an airport, auntie Ann's pretzels. Okay. The original logo of Auntie Ann's pretzels was the name of the store in an old English font with the image of a pretzel. Where did that pretzel image come from? A, they took the Mr. Salty pretzel logo, flipped it and made it to blue B. They took one of their actual pretzels and just xeroxed it. Or c they drew an outline of a pretzel and asked a focus group where the pieces of salt should go. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm going to, because I think this is gonna go A, B, C, so I'm gonna go A No, it's actually B, they just xerox to pretzel.


Alright, you have two more chances. So IIII think you'll do fine here. Sometimes Think so spending money at the airport has an added bonus, like at the Changi Airport in Singapore. Oh Boy. I'm in there. Where for every $10 you spend in the airport shops, you also get what? A one free ride on the airport's four story slide. B, a pack of chewing gums seized from a Singapore resident, Or C an entry and a raffle to ride in the cockpit on your next flight. Oh, perfect. Okay. Who knows the answer to this one person. One person. You, we going a again, a a We're going a a Is correct everybody.


Congratulations. It's, It's the world's highest slide in an airport. Okay. Good to know. To know. I I could, I could do a scene there and tell Somebody. There you go. Yeah. Alright. Last question. If you get this, you win. All right. We all know about buying overpriced water and snacks and of course books. But which of these can you get in an airport somewhere in the world if the mood happens to strike you while you're at the airport? A, a root canal be a $1,200 ham that comes in its own suitcase. Or CA wedding?


C, c Actually all of them. Wow. Oh, so I, so I was gonna win no matter what. You were gonna win no matter what. That's a perfect grand finale. It's about stories. That's very nice. The dentist is in the I thought that, I thought the dentist thing. I That was what? Yeah, There's, there's, there's a dentist who works inside the Munich airport. Okay. The $1,200 ham is the Miami International Airport. And I forget where you can have the wedding, so just ask in the next airport. You ready? Well, Thank You. And that's good for that person. Yes. It's whoever that person is From Bill, how did James Patterson do in our quiz? Two Outta three. He's one. You win, Somebody won. James Patterson's latest book is 12 Months to Live, written with Mike Luka.


James Patterson, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Thank You. Thank You. James Patterson, When we come back, two musicians, iconic in their own way is one a queen of the Broadway stage and the other a Queen of the Stone Age. That's when we returned with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR. This is Tanya Mosley, co-host of Fresh Air. Amanda Knox spent nearly four years in prison for a murder she did not commit. When she was exonerated, she made an unusual decision to befriend the prosecutor who argued for her guilt. Maybe he could help her make sense of her case. I spent years thinking about it and trying to understand it until I realized that I could just ask.


Listen to this interview on the Fresh Air Podcast At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, from A quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To the Labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You looking for? The stupid guy here? They're all smart. Don't worry about Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson.


And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Chichi. Thank You everybody. Thank You everybody. So as we take our summer break, we thought we'd give you a break from the heat with some of the coolest guests we ever had. Now, Patty Lone is the epitome of the Broadway diva. Her career began on the great White way 50 years ago when she created the title role in Avita. But when we spoke to her in 2023, she said she was actually done with Broadway. That is true. I I mean, I'm, I'm not done with the stage, but I'm done with sort of, I don't know what Broadway is anymore.


I want, what I wanna do is I wanna make my downtown debut. I wanna work on East fourth Street. You want, so you wanna like do the whole theater crew in reverse. You wanna go from being the biggest Broadway star there is to playing like in a prob problem. He naked smeared with some food for no money at all. That's what that's Exactly. No, I'm on a Broadway salary downtown. Good Luck, Ms. Good luck. Yeah, that'll happen. Hey, pat, Patty, Adam Vever here. I have a, I have a question may, maybe you can help me. I've got a 15-year-old son whose sole ambition is to move to New York and be on Broadway. So as a Broadway legend, do you recommend that I send him to military school or break his leg?


Oh, don't send him to military school. I won't. He's Gonna be in military school on Broadway. Right. Seriously. You know, it, it's people. I don't understand why people wanna be on Broadway. It is extremely hard. You have to be an athlete and a monk. You know, there's, there's such joy in it. There's ty in it, and there's also incredible pain and depression in it. You can be in a hit or you can give your life to a flop and you just have to roll with the punches. And sometimes that's really, really hard. So Break his Legs. Break his legs. I was, I was about to ask you if we can have you say that all again, but with some stirring background music, because that was pretty, and another thing that happens as I need not tell you is Metimes, you're doing all that work and somebody pulls out their cell phone.


Yeah. And I, and I just wanna speak, I wanna speak for everybody on every stage in front of an audience, everywhere to Thank You for what you did. Famously, when I understand the story, you were doing a play at Lincoln Center and some guy was like, I think it was, of course, I'm thinking it's a guy. Only guys would be this rude texting through the entire show. And you just reached out and grabbed his cell phone. Well, it was a woman, Oh, excuse me. It was at the, it's, it was at the Mitzi New House, which is a smaller theater than the Vivian Beaumont. It was an off-Broadway house. So it's a smaller house. And she was in full light, and her husband or her boyfriend was watching the play and she was texting for the, for the entire first act.


And everybody could see her texting. And at the intermission, there's only five of us in the play, we come off stage and we go, did you see that woman texting? Yeah. Yeah. She's not gonna be back. Yeah. She was bored out of her mind. She, we start the second act and she's still texting. It's the second act. She hasn't put the phone down. I don't know if she's on eBay. I don't know what the hell she's doing, but she's So Dale's talking and I'm thinking, how am I gonna get that phone? You ever wondered what actors are doing when the other actor is speaking now? You know, so you're thinking to yourself How I, I make an exit on that side of the stage. And my line is, and remember community theater has the word community in it.


And I would go and I would shake the hands of the people in the first row on that side of the stage on not the side of the stage where she was texting, but I didn't shake their hands that night. I just went up to her, placed my right hand on her shoulder and palmed the phone out of her lap. And I couldn't believe I, and I thought I was stage, I got the phone And The audience, the audience on the wow. The audience on the other side of the stage gasped and applauded and then backstage went, the stage manager was ups, you know, in the God someplace. He said, thank God you got the phone. I gave it to the assistant stage manager.


They gave it to the house manager. I should have held onto it. Yes. And said if she, if she wants the phone back, she's gotta come and answer some questions that I'm gonna ask or just, But I gave, or you just could have like you, you just could have answered every text by saying, I'm sorry I didn't respond. I was seeing the most amazing play. Well, Patty Lone, I could talk to you all day, but mainly we have you here to play our game and this time we're calling it Lone Meet Lupine. That's right. Lupine meaning, as I'm sure you know, pertaining to wolves. We're gonna ask you three questions about our lupine friends, and if you answer two of them correctly, you'll win our prize For one of our listeners, any voice they might choose for their voicemail.


Bill, who is Patti Lone playing for Chip Church of Orlando, Florida. All right, you ready to do this? I am. All right. Here is your first question. In 2011, a 13-year-old boy in Norway encountered a pack of wolves while walking home from school. And he survived that dangerous encounter by thinking quickly and doing what? A, taking off his headphones and blasting the heavy metal band creed at full volume to scare the wolves away. B, he offered them generous social welfare benefits in return for not eating him or C, he lulled them to sleep by performing a one man version of Henrik Ibsen's.


Enemy of the people. You gotta be Creed. That's right. Yes, absolutely. Alright, Two more questions. A man committed an armed robbery of an Illinois bank a while ago while wearing a big wolf mask. No one was hurt in the incident, but there was collateral damage of a kind. What happened? A, a local German shepherd was wrongfully arrested for the crime. B local news anchors reporting the story, couldn't stop laughing at the mask and could not continue the newscast. Or C two days later, somewhere at the bank called the police when a guy with a big beard walked in. I'm gonna go with the newscasters.


Laughing. You're exactly right, Patty. That's what happened. To be fair, it's a pretty funny looking mask. Alright, last question to no one's surprise. There is a lot of werewolf erotica out there. So which of the following is a real title from the Good reads.com list of best werewolf erotica? Here are the choices. Which of these are on Goodreads dot com's list of best werewolf erotica. A, how to flirt with a naked werewolf.


B, his perfect Mate, or C Harry Potter and the sorcerer Stone. I am gonna go with the first one. You're right. But all of them were What? Oh, you're kidding. All of them are on the list. A lot of mysteries here. First of all, werewolves don't purf, they don't purf, they don't pur, they don't pur. They don't pur. Second. And Harry Potter in the sorcerer stone has no werewolves in it. Bill, how did Patty Lone do in our quiz? Patty, You are perfect in this game. Three, right? You are a champion. Perfect Patty.


Patty Lone is a legend as you all now know of both stage and screen. Patti Labone, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me Thank You. Me. What a joy to talk to You. Thank You. Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken.


Listen to NPRs. Wait, Wait. Don't Tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast. When Malcolm Gladwell presented R's Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline podcast from NPR. Finally, we're digging deeper into our archives to bring you one of the coolest musicians we have ever convinced to talk to us squares. Josh Hammi founded and fronted the bands CAAs Eagles of Death Metal, Queens of the Stone Age, along with many other musical projects.


When he joined Waitwait in 2017, Peter asked him if it was true that as a child his first love was Polka music. Well, I mean, I think much of the rock and roll that you love started with Polka and I I Oh yeah. You started your first band when you were 12. I was an early bloomer. Yeah. And what was that band like? Well, it wasn't that good, honestly. It just, from the town that I'm from, there wasn't much to do in Palm Desert California and, and so to, to play around with your friends and extend that into music and was just something natural. So your first big band that got attention was Kios is, am I saying that right?


Pius. Pius Pius. But That's okay. That's okay. This I, I heard came from a Dungeons and Dragons thing. Well, as I said, in the desert there's not a lot to do. Yeah. You've mentioned that Palm Desert California is like the, your band should have been named like the melted instruments. It's unbelievably hot there. It, I can't, I can't even believe I've never seen children there. All the children are melted down and turned into old people there. It happens really quickly. That's very believable. I heard that your entire band got the same tattoo a particular date. Well, yeah, unfortunately that's true.


Alright, Well, what happened and why did you do this? We played a show in Germany where everything went wrong from the intro. Music not going off. When we started to singing into a mic that's only plugged in on one end and, and it just sort of continued on and on and on. And, and it was that the date was Fry Tag four 15, which means Friday at four 15 in the day. But also coincidentally in German fry tag means black day. Right. And fortunately for you, Germans are so forgiving and easygoing, so Sure. Well, it was only in front of 45,000 people, so 45,000 people. So you decided to take this disaster and tattoo it onto your bodies.


Yeah, but it's, it was, I only got it on my forehead, so it was no big deal. Yeah, Really. I mean, I Mean, I believe I'm, I played music and dance around and drink tequila for a living and, and I think that never forgetting your worst show in order to make that the floor of what you do and to try to reach for more is, is that's the minimum obligation of the job. I Josh, at what point did you know that was gonna be the floor? Right? Because that's confident. Yeah. Well, I, I just assumed, you know, and, and, but I still have time left to break the floor open. I was about to say, Yeah. Do you still have space on your body for another tattoo?


I've got tons of space. I'm six five, so I've got a lot of space. All Right. Can I just say though, I, I just wanna weigh in as like an advice columnist, like that is the most well adjusted response to failure I have ever heard in my life. I think that is awesome. You're doing it on your body. Yeah. It's sort of, yeah. No, because I mean, I see it as like you're claiming it, like, oh yeah, we did that, that happened. Yeah, we were there. I think that's great. Well, perhaps in this day and age, people don't take as much responsibility as they should. Yeah. I I I don't know if I've ever spoken to a musician certainly who had so many different bands at once because, and, and these bands have like different people in them.


Right. So you have one band with one group of guys and another band with another group of guys. How do you keep, yeah. How do you keep them all happy? 10 girls. Yeah. Yeah. Excuse me. Of course, guys and girls, how do you keep them all happy? Do they ever get jealous? I do a lot of scheduling. Oh, Really? Does one know about the other? Well, they do now that you said. Yeah. Is it, is it like they're listening at home and says, Wait a minute, he has another band. Do, do you ever play a song from one band accidentally with another band and that's how they find out? Well, I mean, that's the nexus of drinking tequilas. Yeah. Well, Joshua Hammi, we are delighted to talk to you.


We've invited you here to play a game that this time we're calling, they're the Modern Stone Age family. Since you founded the band Queens of the Stone Age, we thought it'd only write and proper to ask you about the Kings of the Stone Age, namely the Flintstones Answer two outta three questions about the great classic animated show. You'll win our prize for one of our listeners, Carl's voice on their answering machine. Bill, who is Joshua Hammi playing for Mike Sieberg of Baltimore, Maryland? Alright, first question. Many of us watched the show, of course, during its many years in syndication, long after its 1963 debut. But those lucky enough to see it when it first aired in primetime were lucky enough to see what on the Flintstones a the first known TV nip slip long since edited out when Fred leaned over to pick up a rock, b Fred and Barney taking cigarette breaks or CA prehistoric minute with a scientist offering real facts about the stone Age.


I would say b in that time it was probably a ciggy break by those two. It was, it was in fact a commercial for Winston cigarettes. Wow. Who sponsored the show. And in those days, what they would do is the commercials were part of the show. The characters in the show would Mark start smoking Winstons. Hey, isn't it great Barney we're smoking Winston cigarettes thousands of years before they would be invented. Alright, Second question, Joshua. The Flintstone's live action movie you may remember, came out in 1994 with John Goodman as Fred Flintstone. The movie is historic, amazing historic in an unusual way. What is it a, it featured Elizabeth Taylor in her last onscreen roll B, watching the Flintstone Silent Engineless car inspired a young Elon Musk to found Tesla some years Later.


Or C it features the first accurate depiction of bipedal dinosaur locomotion, which is more avian than mammalian. I'm gonna have to go with Elizabeth Taylor making that mistake and being in the final. You are right. It was in fact, Elizabeth Taylor's last onscreen Role. Elizabeth Taylor, who you know, was once the biggest movie star in the whole world, ended her career playing Fred Flintstone's mother-in-law. Well, you know what? She has the date she did it tattooed on her breast. So that Flintstone's movie, that live action movie, took many, many years to get made.


It went through many, many versions of story and script in an earlier version of the script. The movie was gonna be very different. In what way was it a, it was going to be a, A loose adaptation of the Grapes of Wrath in which Fred and Barney lose their jobs and travel through landscapes of W and hunger. B. It was supposed to have a twist ending in which it would be revealed that it takes place thousands of years in the future after an apocalypse or C. It was supposed to be an opera climaxing with the Aria une Wilma. Wow. Or, or D. It was supposed to be good. Hey, Do you know that movie made more than a hundred million dollars?


Jesus In a row? Yes. Well, I'm just going to go out on a limb and and say B, it was supposed to be from the future, although it's just a guess really. No, It was actually the first one. It was going to be Fred and Barney as Oakies in an adaptation made the Grapes Of Rat. Wow. Yeah. They decided that was gonna be a downer and they threw it out and wrote something else. But it's true. Wow. I kind of want them to make That now. I do. Yeah. Bill, How did Joshua doing our case? Holy one With two out of three. Congratulations. Congratulations, Joshua. Well done.


The new Queens of the Stone Age album Villains is out now. Joshua Hammi, Thank You so much for joining us and Wait, Wait, don't Tell me Thank You. That's it for our turn on your radio and turn off your AC edition. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Ika writes our lemere, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane O'Donnell. Our vibes curator is Emma Choi. Thanks to the staff and crew at our homes to DeBaker Theater, BJ Leadman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills Miles Dur boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is making sure we get sunscreen on the hard to reach spot on our back. Technical direction of Lorna White.


Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Michael Danforth? Thanks to everyone you heard on our show This week. All of our panelists are guests, Cho Ayson, and of course Bill Curtis. And thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back next week. This is NPR. A couple months ago here at Planet Money, we stumbled across our favorite kind of economic mystery. Jeff, what is this A deal that seemed way too good to be true.


What I'm seeing here at least is that it's very high clarity. Join us on our adventure. Talk to me, show me what you got to find out exactly how much a diamond is worth. Planet money from NPR, wherever gets your podcasts. Singapore is one of the busiest cities in the world, but biologist Philip Johns is fascinated by a different inhabitant on the island Otters. At rush hour downtown, the otters would swim toward each other and there're literally tens of thousands of people who are on their way to work How ideas, emotions, and creatures coexist. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NP.