(0s):
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.

(19s):
From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Put on your winter boots because I'm the voice. So smooth. You might slip filling in for Bill Curtis. I'm Chichi a Anson, and here is your host at the Altria Theater in Richmond, Virginia. Peter Segel. Thank You Oke. Thank You Everybody. We're so delighted to Be back in Richmond with the true mayor of the city Cherokee Ayson. Filling in just one more time for Bill Curtis. Now, Later on we're gonna be talking to two members of the Shock Metal Band, GWAR fame For their costumes and Their stunts and their headbanging music.

(1m 5s):
Now, the band was formed by art students and musicians right here in Richmond 40 years ago, meaning this band has gone all the way from having dads yell. Why are you kids listening to that noise? To dads yelling, Hey kids, listen to this noise, but first we want to hear what you're playing, whatever it might be. Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. My name is Nick Fish and I'm calling in from Philadelphia. Nick Fish. Nick Fish. That's it. Not, Not Nick the Fish who'd be kind of like a notorious gangster, but just Nick Fish.

(1m 48s):
That'd Be Jersey If I Exactly. Just the fish. Well, welcome to the show Nick. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, a comedian who will be bringing his cocktail hour comedy show shaking with laughter to the Kansas City Irish Center in Kansas City, Missouri on February 20th. That's Adam Burke. Hi Nick. Adam Next. He's a comedian and host of the podcast Fake the Nation. It's Nain Farad And The Emmy and Peabody Award-winning journalist and comedian and host of the new Nat Geo. Show. What X does to your body. It's Alzo Slade. What's Up Luke? Hey Isaiah, you're gonna play who?

(2m 30s):
Chi This time. Chi, OPI. Anson of Richmond, Virginia is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose in your voicemail. Are you ready to go? Let's do it. Alright. Here is your first quote. So about that asteroid, That was a headline of the Atlantic on the news that a giant asteroid out in space now even has a better chance of doing what Would that be? Hitting earth? Yes, hitting Earth. Updated calculations from nasa say that the asteroid flying by earth in 2032, that is going to happen.

(3m 12s):
Well, it now has a one in 43 chance of hitting Earth. Just last week we were told the asteroid only had a one in 100 chance. So whoever just started having an affair, God saw you. Now NASA is referring to it as a potential quote, city killer. A city killer. That really freaked people out. But then everybody said, wait, which city? I think, I think the asteroid needs to chill, bro. Like we don't have time for this. We got enough problems going on on earth, so it needs to, or we need to get Bruce Willis and his homies to jump on that thing and bust it up.

(3m 58s):
Or we just need another round of tariffs. But this time on the asteroid, that'll Keep it away. They do it. Yeah, they do everything. Think that they do everything. Now the, even though they can calculate whether or not it will hit earth within some degree of specificity, there's no way of knowing where the asteroid might hit. But you know, you know it's going to be Greenland right after we buy it. I know. Just when you drive a country out of the bus Lot, the asteroid, that's the asteroid hits. Yeah. Well, Fortunately I've been, I've been practicing a video games since 1982. That girls, Alright, your next quote is from a headline in the New York Times that was kind of worried about a big news story This week.

(4m 42s):
What becomes of Penny loafers? They were worried about a new presidential order to get rid of what? The penny? Yes, the penny President Donald Trump announced he will be ordering the US Treasury to stop minting pennies. Big surprise. He's getting rid of the only coin of color. Yeah, he, he really doesn't like brown faces even when it's Lincoln. I know that's True. The problem was Lincoln emancipated the enslaved. That's the big deal. And one brown penny. Yeah, that's a DEI coin.

(5m 22s):
Yeah, Exactly. That's the only reason it got in your pocket. I'm sure Trump did this the same week that he announced he was also getting rid of paper straws, which also everybody hates This feels like a win-win. But then Trump also announced that from now on, all straws will be made of melted pennies. Nobody knows. I mean, he's been so sort of impulsive. Nobody knows exactly why he came up with this. He might just be governing based on what he finds in his pocket. That's why he also just declared war on chapstick and lint. I don't think Trump has chapstick in his pocket. His lips are always ashy.

(6m 5s):
When we get rid of pennies, what are we gonna put on corpse's eyes or does like, do they take Bitcoin in Hades now? Like what's, Yeah, you can't put a Bitcoin on a railroad track. You got a smooshed one that's not gonna work. And you know, you just know we're never gonna get that Harriet Tubman 20. Just give it on. Alright, very good. Here is your last quote. I thought the officer was joking then she pulled out her notebook and find me. Now that Was a man in France and he was the first of what we hope will be many people around the world to get fined for doing what in public. I have no idea. Could I get a Hint? Well, it's, it's an obscure story, but I think you'll find it a welcome one.

(6m 47s):
He could have avoided the fine if he had just spent the money for headphones. Oh, listening to music on the subway or in public. Close enough. Yeah. Using his phone on speaker in public at full volume Prison. It's now illegal in France. Finally, a judge has ruled in the case of me versus literally everyone else on their Spot Says, man was fined about $200 for talking to his sister at full volume in a crowded train station. And if $200 doesn't seem like the right punishment, remember France no longer has the death penalty.

(7m 31s):
I'm surprised the French went for this because I've seen Les Le miserable and they love just standing around yelling their soliloquy at each other. Yeah. Can I defend this guy for a second? No, no, no, no, no. I'm just saying that it's a slippery slope because once we let all these things be fine and we're just letting big etiquette take over and dictate everything we do, I'm okay with it. And the next, the next on the list is the people who do the, the Bluetooth. Like they're not they, they're just talking into air. Yeah. Can I say big etiquette? Sounds like a French gangster. Doesn't Big etiquette.

(8m 13s):
Yeah. I could whoop his ass. He just, he just kicks into a room and goes, forks go on the left. And not only, I gotta say, not only is this rude to the people who happen to be around you, it's actually unfair to the people you're talking to. Like, so you say like, Helen, I'm, I'm really sorry you have chlamydia. That's tough. And I'm sorry that I didn't tell you. You are on speaker and I'm in church. Or it could be the inverse where the person on speaker is telling you that you have chlamydia, which is even worse. Oh yeah. I don't know that we need a law for this. I mean, the asteroid is coming here And The asteroid has a point.

(8m 55s):
It's really true. Yeah. Jokey. How did Nick do in our quiz? Nick? The fish got all three. Right? All right Nick. Yes. Congratulations Nick, you have made Philly proud. Thanks so Much Peter. Good to talk To you. Take care. Bye-bye. Panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Adam, thanks to a new technology. More and more couples are discussing whether or not it would be permissible for one of them to do. What Is it like? Is it the, you know, is it the hall pass thing? Is it like, it is A hall pass but not with another person?

(9m 36s):
Oh, is it? Oh, is this a, is this a banging robots thing? Yes, it is a banging robots thing. But you can't spell LA without ai. That's true. Yes. More And more couples are sort of getting, you know, getting prepared for when the time comes when you can do this, if it would be okay for their partner to cheat with a robot according to a survey that seemed to be exclusively offered to complete freaks. One out of four people say they would be okay with their partner cheating with a robot. But if and only if, and I swear to you this is true, if the robot's appearance was based on them, what the person being cheated on, right?

(10m 21s):
What does, I would be so jealous. I'd be like, you're coming home smelling like titanium. No, Thank You. Is that motor oil on your collar? And and how, how do you first suspect? Like, does the electricity bill like really high? It is. It is so weird that that is the condition under witted. It would be okay. It's like, oh, my spouse prefers intimacy with a machine that's humiliating. Wait, it's also balding with a spare tire. Now it's validating. Wait, so this is, this is laziness. This is like, I don't want to have sex with you. Let the robot do it. Yeah. It's basically me. It's kind of, I mean, it kind of makes sense like to just have an understudy I guess.

(11m 4s):
A what? What? You know, like in theater you have an understudy if you can't perform. Yeah. And in this situation, the robot is your understudy. Yeah. What is, what is what Is. Yeah, but what if it's like that thing in those old movies where the understudy is better? Oh yeah. The understudy becomes the star. Oh yeah. It's like all about Eve. That's terrible. You Know? But you have to practice safe sex with a robot. You do firewalls, you know? Oh yeah. You're like, honey, it's not that kind of virus. I swear. Yeah, It's just rust Coming up. As Ben Franklin said, $1.2 million saved is $1.2 million earned.

(11m 44s):
It's our bluff listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. And we'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR. Hey, it's Peter Segel. Before we get back to the show, I wanted to tell you about a special bonus episode we're working on. One in which we turn the tables in which the questioner is questioned. That's right. We need your questions. For me, I'm doing an A MA, you know, like ask me anything where you can ask me about. Let me check the rules here. Oh yeah, anything. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait and leave us your question again. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. We'll pick the best ones and I will answer them in an upcoming bonus episode. So if you wanna hear it, make sure you are signed up for NPR Plus, if you're not, just head over to plus NPR dot org.

(12m 29s):
Fix that quick.

(12m 34s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna, and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.

(13m 5s):
Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast every morning in under 15 minutes. We cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on LoDo while getting ready, making the sa, you know, or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast. From NPR.

(13m 33s):
From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Shichi Aen. We're playing This week with Adam Burke, Alzo Slade and Nain Farad. And here again is your host at the Altria Theater in Richmond, Virginia. Peter Segel. Thank You Keoki. Thank You everybody. Right now It's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Will from Boston, Massachusetts. Hey, I love Boston.

(14m 14s):
What do you do there Will. So I work as a coordinator for the visual performing arts department of a local school district. That's really good work. I really appreciate it. What do you do to enjoy yourself? I like to, you know, ride bikes when it's not cold and slushy outside like it is Today. Right. So that's two or three days of great riding in Boston. Right? Well, welcome to the show Will. You're gonna play our game on Achi has tried to tell truth from fiction Chucky what his will's topic. $1.2 million saved. Everybody would love to save an extra $1.2 million, but act fast. Your opportunity to get it as 120 million pennies is fast running out. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Someone who is able to save $1.2 million in a unique way, pick the one who's telling the truth and win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail ready to go?

(15m 3s):
I'm ready. Alright, first let's hear from Nain Farad. Hollis Benton is a third generation oil tycoon from Lockhart, Texas, which means he didn't have to prospect land, but he did get a few years after college to discover his passion for DJing in Ibiza. Eventually, he moved back home to be his family's overseer of oil money and that's when he met Bridget Calhoun. She was a real charmer getting her PhD in antiquities and he fell hard to impress her. He would buy concert tickets, Michelin star meals, a straight up yacht in a landlock town. But nevermind. One time they took her nephew to a waterpark and she said, this is fun.

(15m 43s):
Well, that was all the encouragement he needed because he immediately hired a waterpark architect to transform his backyard into a $1.2 million splash, Atium complete with Lazy River and wave pool. Only thing is that Waterpark Architect turned out to be a real dream boat. She ended up leaving Hollis Benton and all his wealth on the upside, he saved money proving the old adage, if you have to spend $1.2 million on a waterpark to impress your boo, she's probably not the one. A tycoon saves 1.2 million when he doesn't have to build a water park for his goo.

(16m 24s):
Your next deep discount comes from Adam Burke. Nature conservation can be a slow process. What with the Red Tape? Bureaucracy and complaints from trees that never consented to being hugged in the first place. Take the Check Republic, for example, where government officials were poised to act on a plan seven years in the making to build a $1.2 million dam designed to help preserve a protected wetlands area. Construction on the dam was just about to begin when it was suddenly and unexpectedly derailed by the fact that a bunch of beavers had gone ahead and built a far better dam the weekend before. Not only that they'd used nothing but locally sourced sustainable and renewable materials all at no cost to the taxpayer.

(17m 9s):
While farmers often decry beavers as a destructive nuisance, fell trees and creating toothy mayhem, these particular rodents seem to have filled out all of the required pyramids and permissions building as they did far from any inhabited farm. We get it. Beavers, you are better than us. Beavers save a town in the Czech Republic, $1.2 million by building a dam before they could get around to it. Your last story on sale comes from Alzo Slade, Henry Jackson, the CEO of a graphic design company in Tempe, Arizona. Thought he was doing his sister a favor by hiring his nephew Rob Phillips, to work in the IT department as a low level intern.

(17m 50s):
He just graduated from a vocational IT school thinking he's gonna be the next thieves jobs to the extent that he requested people address him as Rob Jobs. The very first task assigned to Rob was just to renew the company's various software subscriptions. Instead, he canceled all of them permanently and had no idea how to undo it. In a panic, he realized he could take advantage of the various company's free trial offers, but for each he'd have to open a new account. So quote, bill Boer Baggins gets two weeks of AutoCAD and Dr. Mundo, a champion from the video game League of Legends, got 50% off of scheduling software by using the code. Wait, Wait. At checkout.

(18m 32s):
The next Monday he got called into his uncle's office where instead of being fired, he was praised for saving the company $1.2 million by getting all of that software for free. He doesn't know what he'll do when the free trials start to expire in two weeks and Billbo Baggins gets a bill. But like his idol, Mr. Jobs, he just plans to think different. Alright, somebody saved $1.2 million. Was it from Nain? Farsad, an oil tycoon who ended up not having to build that waterpark in his backyard when the designer ran off with his lady friend from Adam Burke, a Check town that didn't have to build that dam because the beavers did it for them. Or from Alzo Slade, a bad IT guy manages to cancel all the software subscriptions for his company.

(19m 20s):
But the free trials save them $1.2 million. Which one is the real story of big savings? I think I'm gonna go with Adam's story about the beavers. That would be Adam Burke. Something appeals to you. You think that the story, I'm sorry. You think that the story about the beavers is the tooth all right? The whole tooth? Well, to bring you the correct answer, here's somebody who could speak to that real story. Environmental experts confirmed that the work was actually better than their original plans, noting that beavers always know best. That was talker at that good news girl talking about the real story about how beavers did it best in the Czech Republic.

(20m 6s):
Congratulations. Will you got it right. You earned a point for Adam. You have won our prize, the voice of your choice on your voicemail. Thank You so much for playing with us today. Thank You so much. Thank You so much. Will take care. We on the move. We on the move. And now the game we call not my job. In 1984, a group of musicians and art students at Virginia Commonwealth University started a new band, kind of as a joke with players in elaborate costumes and even more elaborate fictional backstories. 40 years later, GWAR is still going strong, playing over the top bloody stage shows around the world.

(20m 54s):
We're still based in Richmond and members Mike Bishop and Mike Dirks. Join us now. Dirks and Bishop of GWAR. Welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Right. Good to be Now for anyone. I mean, it's been 40 years, so everybody should know who you are, but for the few people who don't, can you describe what GWAR is? Because it is absolutely like nothing else I've ever seen or heard. It's a theatrical shock, rock shock, heavy metal band that is very performative on stage. And we are satirical, funny theatrical show that involves a lot of costuming and set pieces and phony executions and Oh, it's very Oh, that old saw.

(21m 41s):
Yeah. Quite literally. They use a saw sometimes for The, we're all, we're also from outer space, though we have more narrative. K is a band of extraterrestrial war gods that has been banished to the planet earth for all the crimes they committed in outer space. And do you remember the original name of the band? It was GWAR, but that, that didn't fit on the marquee. So just to, just to, and and you two were right there in the beginning. And and when you, when you joined the band, were did you pick your own characters? I I inherited mine. I I Am Balls Zach. The, the Jaws of Death, Ballsack, the Jaws of Death And I I was the third Jaws of death.

(22m 23s):
There had been a couple incarnations because the first few shows that Gore played, they were, it was just a collective of whoever, whatever artists and musicians they could grab from VCU in the surrounding areas to throw on these costumes and do a show. Yeah, I love, I love how folks see that sounds, you know, like my father is Mr. Bza, you call me bza, but his grandfather was the jaws of death and his grandfather before me. And, and, and Bishop who, who are, who are you on stage? So originally I was Beefcake the Mighty who was the base player and Beefcake has some fans here. Yeah. And I did create the character along with Don Drac, who's one of the artists in the band, you know, just sort of developed it over time.

(23m 7s):
Now I am the singer following the passing of the original lead singer, Dave Brock, who everybody knows well, and I came back and now I play the Berserker Blow thar The Berserker Blow thar. And, and that's right. And, and for people who haven't seen it, these costumes you wear are not just, I mean like, like the guys from Kiss, for example, are just amateurs when it comes to you guys, you've got like enormous head pieces and huge full body costumes that often have, shall we say, over the top anatomy. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I think you guys, I think you guys should show up in those costumes to one of the Civil War reenactments.

(23m 51s):
See what they say. And, and one of the thing that, that I find fascinating is you guys usually don't do any appearances not in costume and you're not in costume right now. Yes, that's right. And how does it feel? It's really odd. We usually have the characters to put on and to hide behind, and so we always know how to behave. We never really had to just be ourselves. Right. I mean, don't we all do That Ultimately? Yeah. Even if we don't have enormous fleshy perturbance, it's really, it's something we all deal with. This is not your first time in NPR because famously iir did a tiny Desk concert Used to it.

(24m 34s):
And, and you are, I'm not a, you know, I'm not an absolute expert, but I do believe you were the first musicians ever to play a song at Tiny Desk called Sex Cow. Yes. Probably. I mean, Regina Specter tried, but she just didn't Have the jobs. What was The, what was when you, because, and by the way, I recommend everybody watch this, when you walked into NPR headquarters in the full GWAR regalia, what was the reaction from our colleagues there? It was enthusiastic. They like, no, they, they made us go around the whole studios and I think Michael was on What were they, what were they recording you To? Yeah, they were kind of using us to scare their Wait, Wait a minute.

(25m 17s):
What do you mean? It'd be like, It'd be like, Hey Scott. Simon, could you step out of the office just For a second? Yeah. Yeah. Sylvia, I I I love the, I love the thought of someone showing up to NPR for the first day seeing you guys and like, man, IRA Glass does not look how he sound. What's amazing is in the Tiny Desk concert, your character, the, the thar the Perker proclaims his incredible enthusiasm for Terry Gross. Oh yeah. I mean, who, who doesn't have a driveway moment? Right.

(25m 58s):
And you GWAR very popular in Richmond. Of course. And you even have a GWAR bar. We Do. People have been to For fans and, and Dirks you work there sometimes, right? I do. I I bartend and I'm a man, one of the managers there. Right. And do people ever come in and I presumably they're fans, they recognize you. I'll, we will get people in there all the time. I'll be bartending and people will come up and ask me like, so do the guys in Gore ever hang out here? Always Like not very often, No. Well, Mike Dirks and Mike Bishop, we have invited you here to play a game.

(26m 39s):
We are calling You guys are gir meet Jaguar. That's right. We're gonna ask you about Jaguars answer two out of three questions about Jaguars of various kinds. You'll won our prize for one of our listeners, Choi. Who are Mike and Mike playing for Sharon Lowry of Richmond, Virginia. Alright, Hands down ladies. If you win, maybe she'll come by the bar to Thank You. Alright, here we go. Now the Jacksonville Jaguars are an NFL team that's had some good seasons, but they have also been very unlucky, including one year when their punter suffered a unique injury.

(27m 19s):
What was it? A he bet somebody he could punt a 35 pound kettlebell and broke all his toes. B he accidentally chopped himself in the leg with the inspirational acts kept in the locker room. Or c he joined the team's cheerleaders for a kick line and ruptured his groin on the first kick. See, sounds real. Yeah. Yeah. The kick, the kicker joining a kick line. But I know that they have strict rules against the frat, fraternization between the players and the, so I'm thinking it's the, he broke his toes trying to Broke his toes. You so, so let me get this right. Dirks, you're picking, he broke his toes trying to punt a kettlebell.

(27m 59s):
Yeah. And Bishop, you're choosing, he got in the kick line. Yeah, with a Julie. It was actually the other one. The coach Kept an ax and a stump in the locker room to inspire his team to quote, keep chopping. What If that happen to with Jaguars and one day the punter did. Alright, that's okay guys. You still have two more chances. Here is your next question. The Jacksonville Jaguar's mascot is Jackson Deville. It's a person in a skintight suit and a big jaguar head. And he has been so innovative in the mascot arts that he has actually inspired a rule change for all mascots across the NFL.

(28m 39s):
What is that rule change? A no mascot may ever mime intimate acts with the other team's. Mascot B, all mascots must be drug tested before each half, or C No mascot may get closer than six feet to the field of play, especially not if they are carrying a life-sized dummy of the opponent's quarterback that they intend to stomp on midfield. Well, it sounds like a very gore answer so that having the rubber dummy of the opposing quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. It really, it could be inspired by GWAR. Maybe it was. That's the real answer of course. All right.

(29m 19s):
The, the rule arose from an incident in a game against the Steelers in 1998. Okay, let's start talking about real jaguars. According to the scientists who work at a wildlife reserve in Guatemala, the best way to attract one of the big cats they can do it without fail is to do what? A turn on music by Kenny G, which the Jaguars find irresistible B wear lots of obsession by Calvin Klein, which draws them like flies. Or C dress like Jackson Deville, the Jacksonville Jaguars mask on My, but it's Kenny G, man, I, Oh wow.

(30m 3s):
The audience is saying B, B, the audience is shouting B, they're saying Calvin Klein obsession by Calvin Klein. I know cats don't have this super sensitive smell like dogs. Yeah, Well they got that thing where they go like that. All right, We're trusting. These people are obviously more intelligent than I. So you're gonna go for A, B, B, yeah. Yes, that's right. Congratulations everyone. So joke. How did Dirks and Bishop do in our quiz? The scum dogs of the universe do not know defeat. Well done.

(30m 44s):
One more victory for our visitors from the asteroid.

(30m 48s):
Mike Bishop and Mike Dirks are members of the intergalactic Heavy Metal Band, GWAR, which you can catch on their 40th anniversary tour later this year. More information@noir.net.

(30m 59s):
Bishop and Dirks, Thank You so much. Give It up for GWAR everybody In just a minute. Chichi has a new way to avoid me at the office. It's the listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me from

(31m 21s):
NPR These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider This podcast from NPR,

(31m 51s):
Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR

(32m 14s):
Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR.

(32m 40s):
From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayen. We're playing This week with Nain Farad, Adam Burke and Alzo Slade. And here again is your host at the Altria Theater in Richmond, Virginia. Peter Segel. Thank You. Okay, Just one Minute. It's time to sit in just a minute. It's time to sit your kids down and have the talk about limericks. It's our listener Limerick challenge game. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news also.

(33m 20s):
Yo, we've all gotten used to having these big screens on the dashboards of our cars, but Jeep owners are now complaining that their screens keep showing them what Their screen keeps showing them. Mm. I don't know. Can I have a hint? I'll give you a hint. Yeah. It seems pointless because they've already bought the car. What? An ad? Yes. It keeps showing them ads. Is it that one? Harrison Ford ad? Oh man. Over and Over. That would be terrible. That would be Hell. Is it? Is it, is it like the screen in in the backseat of the Ubers that you can never turn off? Sorta, yeah. It's the screen on their dashboard. You knew this day was coming, car companies were not giving us those huge full color screens just to distract us into fatal crashes. No Jeep owners have been complaining about ads for extended warranties on their car that pop up every time they come to a stop, the company says that's just a glitch.

(34m 13s):
Not supposed to happen. But it's hard to believe that when every time the driver gets within two feet of another car, the ad pops up again and says, are you sure? This Is like when you're watching Netflix and it shows you ads for Netflix and it's like, I'm already watching. I can't watch more Netflix while I'm watching Netflix. Netflix. And then you realize you're talking to Netflix. Yeah, It's a problem tho those ads are for the people that are stealing your account. Buy it yourself. And like I said, Chrysler says, no, we didn't mean to do this, but they all mean to do this. Right. Ford Motor Company has already applied for a patent for a system. All true. That will use your camera in the car to identify the driver and then show that driver personalized ads on the screen.

(34m 59s):
Oh, so you are Harrison in for based on, right, right. And these ads will be based on its observations of you while driving. So it will be extra hurtful when you start seeing ads for like voice lessons near you. Alzo, for more than a decade, a man in Ireland has been pleading with authorities to let him search the town's landfill after his girlfriend threw away a Bitcoin wallet worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Sucker. Now the town has always refused his request. So now the guy has offered to do what?

(35m 40s):
By the lake? Not the lake, The body of water that the Yeah, not a body of water. It's the landfill. Oh, by the landfill. By the Landfill. That's right. Yes. 12 years ago, James Howells put a hard drive containing 8,000 Bitcoin in a digital wallet in a garbage bag for easy storage, and his girlfriend threw it in the trash correction ex-girlfriend. It's hard to win an argument when you're like, honey, what do you mean you threw away my garbage bag. Now the wallet is right now worth $800 million. Oh yeah. We digging bro. We are digging. So he says, okay, absolutely. Okay, I will buy the whole landfill. And his odds are good.

(36m 21s):
He says that through careful, you know, research, he has narrowed the search down, so where he will only have to sift through 10,000 tons of garbage. Meanwhile, by coincidence, a seagull has moved into a $40 million The coast. So he has enough money to buy a landfill. I mean, I don't, I've never bought one myself. No, he is gonna pay, he's so just how much are these landfills running these days? Also, I mean, he's gonna pay them on the back end. Yeah, This, he just gotta get like a Promissory note right Here. Really? He's just going into every bank in Ireland saying, look, I'm good for it. Can, Can we find this ex-girlfriend and give her an award for creating the perfect metaphor for Bitcoin?

(37m 1s):
It really Is amazing Because It's either worth everything or it's just another piece of garbage. It really is something. Can you dig it? I can dig it. Can you dig it? I can you dig it? I can Dig. I can Dig. Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call and leave a message at 1 8 8. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. Or come see us on the road, for example, we will be at the Walt Disney Theater in Orlando, Florida on March 20th for tickets and information to all of our live shows, go to npr presents.org. Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Vanessa calling from Cane Hill Arkansas.

(37m 44s):
Cane Hill Arkansas. Okay. What do you do there? I work as the director of a nonprofit, historic and cultural site. A historic in in Cain Hill. What, what interesting history does one have in Cain Hill, Arkansas? Well, it's a really special place. Probably my favorite thing is it was the first co-ed college in the state of Arkansas. Wow. Nice. That's exciting. What was, what was the name of the first coed college? Cain Hill College. There was a, a women's seminary that that closed and the, the women went to Cain Hill College, which was previously a men's only college and it became co-ed.

(38m 25s):
So Kane Hill College And they got busy. Yeah, That's where my Mind went. Well Vanessa, welcome to the show. Chichi i Anson right here is going to read you three news related limericks with the last, last word or phrase missing from each of you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly. And two of the limericks you will be a winner. Ready to go? Yes. Here's your first limerick, Like strong whiskey. Cocaine is just fine. We'll have tastings where folks try a line, they will find a dry white where the blend is just right 'cause we'll sell it like bottles of Wine. Yes. The president of Columbia, Gustavo Petro has envisioned a future.

(39m 5s):
He says, where cocaine is sold around the world and valued and appreciated just like fine wines. He's a bit late. Yeah, I think we're already there. Possibly. I just wanna say, Hey, NPR Wine Club. I have an idea that might make us a Lot of, what do you pair cocaine with other than a 14 hour long story about your dad? All right, here's your next Limerick Vanessa Saying, buddy and pal feels real lame. Oh, hey you. Hello chum. Glad you came. I once had a trick. I found charming and slick, but it's creepy.

(39m 47s):
Repeating a Name. A Name. Yes, you have all heard that advice. If you wanna make a good impression on someone you have just met, just repeat their name. Keep repeating their name. You know Jeff, great to meet you, Jeff. By which I mean you Jeff. But the Wall Street Journal reports that people are really getting tired of that trick. They call it pushy and creepy. You have to be careful not to cross that line from like coworker trying to make the new guy feel welcome all the way to dad talking to the Applebee's waitress. Do. Do you think Jesus hates this? He better not. He's like, You get I get it. You know me. He, It's like, dude, I, I appreciate you saying my name.

(40m 28s):
Could you do it once when you haven't stubbed your truck? Alright, here's your last limerick. Vanessa. Chatty colleagues are not worth exploring. They keep hoping you'll laugh and start roaring, but they might go away if you simply go gray. Dont engage them. Stay listless and Boring. Boring, boring. Exactly. A self-described introvert wrote to the New York Times workplace advice columnist. They have one saying that she had a colleague who simply wouldn't stop bothering her. And the advice was to quote Go Gray. That is to make her responses so dull that the other person would just give up and go away.

(41m 9s):
That's easy for her to do. Some of us have no off handle on our charisma Ft. No. You know what'll do it like just this? Just, just play. Role play. Peter, you asked me a question. I'll show you. Hey Alzo, what you been up to? Do you know your Lord and Savior? Jesus Christ? I'll do Is, is that the, is that the Only reason people could enter the priesthood in the press Place? Jokey. How did Vanessa do in our quiz Another first for Kane Hill? Vanessa got all three, right? Well Done Vanessa.

(41m 49s):
Hang that on your museum. Congratulations. Thank You.

(42m 21s):
At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for? The stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us. Wherever you gets your podcasts.

(42m 46s):
Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast,

(43m 8s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep Hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.

(43m 38s):
Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds of which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Choki, can you give us the scores? Adam and Alzo have three. Nadine's got two. Okay, so Nain, you are in second place. That means you're Up First. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. After a phone call with Russia on Wednesday, president Trump said negotiations to end the war in blank. Which start immediately Ukraine. Right on Sunday, the Philadelphia Eagles beat the Kansas City Chiefs to win the blank Super Bowl. Right This week, automakers Nissan in blank announced they were pausing their merger. Honda. Yes. According to new data rush hour commute time in blank has dropped 30% thanks to congestion pricing.

(44m 21s):
New York City. Right This week, the Chesterfield, Virginia Snowball Festival was rescheduled due to blank. They were here for it. Congestion Pricing. No way. Snow storm On Tuesday, former Beetle Blank played a surprise show to 600 fans in New York. McCarthy What? McCartney? McCarthy. McCartney. McCartney. After me he told his in-laws were considering buying a house in his neighborhood just to be closer to the family. A wealthy man in California blanked. He Decided to marry his robot. No he didn't. He secretly bought the house so the in-laws couldn't move in. When the in-laws excitedly told the guy, well they'd put in a bid in this house will be right around the corner.

(45m 4s):
He then formed an LLC under another name and bought the house in cash so they could not get It. That's gangster. That's Gangster. He was very proud. It was quick thinking. So that has ensured for all time that the in-laws he apparently hates will have to stay in his house whenever they visit. Oc how did Nain do in our quiz? Nain got five, right? For 10 more points. That's a total of 12. Nain has to leave. Alright, Adam, I am arbitrarily choosing you to go next. Here we go. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday the Senate voted to confirm blank as Director of National Intelligence, Chelsea Gabbard. It Was This week, US blank jumped by 3% Inflation.

(45m 45s):
Right After firing the entire board, president Trump was named Chairman of the Blank Center, The Kennedy Center. How did he manage that This week? I don't think they like that. No, apparently not. I think they're just, they're just booing the Kennedy Center. This week a Georgia representative introduced a bill to rename Greenland. Blank. Oh, red, white and Blueland. That's right. On Monday, NASA announced the astronauts stuck on the blank, would return home sooner than planned. The International Space Station. Right. On Tuesday, a giant schnauzer named Monty one Best in show at the blank. The Westminster Dog Show. Right. This week, singer Brian Adams announced he had to cancel a concert in Perth, Australia because the city was dealing with a giant blank Infestation of other Brian Adams.

(46m 33s):
No, they canceled the concert due to a giant fat berg. Oh, that's right. Fat bergs are giant. Sewer blockage is made of discarded grease that all clumps up together. And one was so close to the venue where Brian Adams was set to perform that the concert was canceled over fears that all the toilets would back up. Oh my God. This is of course a huge disappointment to Adams fans who weren't able to hear his hits like Summer of 69 and the encore performance of summer of 69. I'm sorry, the theme for Robinhood. Everything I do, I do it for you. Oh, excuse me, Mr. Adam stand. Yeah, I think he took offense. I think Sooki.

(47m 13s):
How did Adam Burke do on our quiz? Adam got six, right? For 12 more points, total of 15. Adam is in the league. Alright, So how many then does Alzo slave need to win this big thing? Six To tie seven to win. All right, this is for the game. On Monday, president Trump announced 25% blanks on steel and aluminum tariffs. Right? On Tuesday, the chair of the Federal Reserve said they were in no rush to cut blanks Interest rate. Right This week, flights were delayed as severe blanks hit the East Coast Winter storms. Right? On Thursday, Israel said that Hamas must release more hostages by Saturday or the war in blank would resume A Gaza.

(47m 54s):
Right This week a man in Minnesota was charged with arson after he tried to put out a fire by blanking. By starting it. No, But he actually did start it, but he tried to put it out by dousing it with alcohol. That's what he had in his hand. Due to botulism risk, a recall was issued on several brands of canned blank Tuna. Right. On Wednesday, outcasts, Billy Idol and Fish were among the nominees to be inducted into the blank Rock And Roll Hall of Fame. Right This Week, a woman in the UK in a bad first date, excused herself to the bathroom to text a friend, tell 'em the date was awful. They should call with a fake emergency. But she accidentally blanked. Texted him. Yes She did.

(48m 35s):
Yes. Everything I'm about to tell you is true. So this woman was on this first date, she was having a terrible time. She goes into the bathroom and she texts her friend, and I quote, this date is rubbish. He's brutally ugly and I'm not having fun. Can you call me in about five minutes and I'll pretend there's an emergency, unquote. And she pressed send right to him at the table. So, and again, this is true, the guy looked at it, turned to the waiter and said, you know, I've gotta leave in a hurry. An emergency has just come up. My lady friend is in the bathroom, but she is the credit card and she'll take care of the bill.

(49m 15s):
Yeah. Skipped out the door. He is the hero we needed. Yeah. Yeah. Until he got another text from her going, Elon, He's cheap as well. Well, at that point it wouldn't matter. Yeah, yeah, I know. Chichi. Did Alzo do well enough to win? Oh yeah. Alzo got seven, right? For 14 more points. Total of 17. Alzo Slade is this week's winner. There you Go. Yeah. In just a minute. Our panelists will predict now that pennies are being phased out. What will we do with all our leftover pennies?

(49m 55s):
Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WB Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Gor writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shana Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Altria Theater in Richmond, Virginia. And a special thanks to our wonderful partners at BPM BJ Lieman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles, Boston, and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Vinnie Thomas and Monica Hickey. Our jolly good fellow is Hannah Anderson. Peter Gwynn's got that big dinner energy. Emma Choi is our vibe Curator. Technical direction from Lorna Whiter, CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer is Mike Danforth.

(50m 37s):
Now panel, what will we do with all those pennies? Alzo, Slade, I gotta Buy some fresh loafers to put 'em in. McGee and Farad. The Pennies will be equally distributed among barista tip jars from coast to coast. And Adam Burke. We're gonna take All those pennies over the next four years and throw them into fountains and make a wish over and over again. And if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it. On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You Oke. I Anson filling in for Bill Curtis, who will be back the next time you hear us. Thanks also to magine Far, I'm the Birkin Alzo Slade, our fabulous audience here in Richmond, Virginia.

(51m 21s):
And thanks to all of you for listening wherever you are. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.

(51m 44s):
This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms apply.

(51m 58s):
Imagine if you will, a show from NPR R that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NBRs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts. Guest.