
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From npr. NPR NWBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the voice. That was the inspiration for Creamy Peanut Butter. Edward, I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thanks everybody. We Have a great show lined up for you today. Our guest Later on is going to be Kara Jackson. She was the youth poet laureate of these United States. She's now an acclaimed singer and songwriter, and this is true.


I coached her T-Ball team when she was eight years old. So we will talk to her about how my guidance back then led her as far as possible from a career in sports. But first, we want to check on your swing. Give us a call and play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Matthew Neil from Sant, California. Sant California. What do you do there? I am a licensed professional fiduciary, but nobody knows what that means. You're right. So my short line is I sell dead. I sell dead people's homes. Oh.


Oh, that's much more pleasant. Yeah. Romantic. Is that, is that like a good line at parties? Yes, it's, especially if you're going for like a sixth sense vibe, you know? Yeah, I understand. I understand. Well, Matthew, welcome to the show. Let me introduce you to the panel first. She's a writer, actress, and comedian who you can see in Vermont at the Burlington Comedy Club for two shows this New Year's Eve. It's Joyelle, Nicole Johnson. Hello. Hi, Joelle. Hello Next. He's an Emmy and Peabody Award-winning journalist and comedian. It's Alzo Slave. What's up Matthew? Hi Alzo And making her debut on our panel This week. She's a culture writer for Slate, host of this Scam Flus podcast and author of the forthcoming essay collection.


Sucker Punch. Welcome Saachi Cole. Welcome, Saachi. Good job. Done. Like a fiduciary, sir. Alright, Matthew, you're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you will win our prize. Any voice from our show, you might choose for your voicemail. You ready to go, Peter? Do children fight over their parents inheritances. Locked and loaded. Ready? Locked and loaded. Alright, Matthew, here's your first quote. It was from a pivotal moment at a big political event This week. Gentlemen, the audience can't hear you. Your mics are cut.


That was moderator Margaret Brennan speaking to the participants at what big event This week? That would be the vice presidential debate. The vice presidential debate. Yes. Tim Walls and JD Vance met on the debate stage Tuesday night. And America, as always is divided about it. Some say the debate was boring, while others insist it was completely irrelevant. JD Vance lived up to his reputation appearing calm, sincere, and reasonable, while lying all the time. Basically evil Pete Buttigieg. Right, right. You see it, don't you?


Yeah. But, but, but Governor Wall seemed incredibly nervous and he garbled a bunch of easy answers. It was a performance that made Democrats say, any chance we could replace this guy with Kamala Harris too, I think, I think that the moderator's right, they should have said, gentlemen, the audience can't hear you because we're all sleek. Yeah. Your mic's are muted and we're gonna leave them that way. Listen, I prefer it to be a little sleepy because the excitement is too much for me. Like, I went to Canada, Saatchi's from Canada, y'all I am f and I don't know if y'all ever seen a debate in Parliament up there, but they'd be yelling at each other.


They'd be like, shut up. Stupid. You're dumb. And while that was fun in Canada, I don't want that to happen here. Really? I mean, they, they actually shook hands and spoke to each other like human beings. Yeah. I was surprised. It was strange. It Made me feel unsafe. Really? Yeah. Well it was, you know, it, it was a throwback to the old school. Not that because it was boring. It was just two white dudes. Exactly. Yeah, That's true. You, you, you had no one throwing shade just with their facial expressions like Kamala can. That was Definitely, it wasn't like JD Vance was like walls, you're just now identifying as white. I gotta say that Governor Waltz's performance was criticized, but it did burnish his sort of regular guy, Midwest guy credentials.


Only a real hunter could have perfected that deer in the headlights. Look. Alright, here is your next quote. Avoid your pet's names and no flipping to a random word in the dictionary and using that, That was the Washington Post talking about new federal guidelines that will make complicated. What's a thing of the past? Ooh, can I get a hint, Peter? Yeah. You can still use zeros for O'S if you wanna be fancy Guidelines for your passwords. Yes. Passwords. No more complicated passwords. We're having to change them all the time. Or so says the National Institute of Standards and Technology or nist, which by strange coincidence is my password.


That sounds like a rule invented by someone trying to get into my email. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I just got this email from somebody and they said the passwords can be simple now. Yeah. So I should change everything to password, right? Yeah. Well this came from a study of like internet security over many, many years. It turns out, for example, you've all been told you have to have passwords with lots of special characters and random letters and stuff like that. No, it turns out that makes your password impossible to remember, which means you'll write it down somewhere making them vulnerable to the cat burglars who break in and read all your post-Its That Google doesn't Google suggest a password all the time? It does. Yeah. It's like Bert, I'm aging myself, but it's like 20 different characters.


Uppercase, lowercase. Yeah. And then I just say yes, but then when I go back to that page, it never pops up. Right. And then you have to like, you know, hit a cartoon character on the toe with a hammer. Yeah. And just type in what he said. Yeah. It's So awful. No, also, you won't have to change your password all the time. It's, I mean, remember you, if you work for a company, they say now you have to change your password. It's been two months. You don't have to do it. I think that's foolish though, because I'm pretty sure the reason I've never been hacked is because I changed my password from aragorn rules to a aror and rules one. Do you all have the, the same password for most of your things? I, I, I'm, why don't you just tell us what your passwords are?


Everything. I'm Just gonna write them Down, write down on the radio and Then we'll confirm what they are. Yeah, I'm Listening. Yeah. I won't tell you my password. I will tell you my mother's maiden name. Oh, Perfect. The new guidelines. As a matter of fact, the new guidelines might also do away with those security questions like your first car or your childhood best friend. So no more forced, nostalgic referees. Every time you order from GrubHub. I think my password is, who the hell is Aragon? Yeah. Alright, Matthew, here's your last quote. I have a small piece of chicken. I don't know what to do with Those are the words. Those were the words of a fry cook speaking to the owner of a restaurant in Manchester, New Hampshire 50 years ago this month on the day, what incredibly popular fast food menu item was born?


Fried chicken. Not fried chicken. Fried chicken goes back farther than 50 years. Chicken Nuggets. Yes. Yeah. Specifically good. The chicken tender this year marks the 50th anniversary of the birth of the chicken tender. It's the quintessential American cuisine. Deep fried whatever we have lying around Only 50 years. Only 50. I know. That's amazing, isn't it? I feel like that's something that black folks did thousands of years ago. And then white folks 50 years ago, they just found it and they're like, we discovered this. They somebody Yeah, they Christopher Columbus. The chicken tender.


Yeah, The story goes, there was one part of a chicken, the tenderloin that was completely useless. So this inventive chef breaded it and fried it. And the chicken tender was born joining the Mount Rushmore of breaded chicken hand food alongside the chicken finger, the chicken nugget and the, whatever your toddler wants to call it. Please. Elliot. Just eat it. We're Late. I used to order chicken fingers all the time at restaurants. Yeah. And my mother told me, you cannot do this on dates when you get older. And I did it on the first day with my boyfriend. We been together five and a half years. Really? I ne Is that the, is that The key? I guess so.


Chicken, he didn't wanna pay for the lobster. I Was about to say that was, I was about to say that if, if I went on a first date with a woman and all she wanted was chicken tenders, I'd be like, she is the one. This is good. I'd like, would you, would you like some ranch sauce, barbecue sauce, sweet sauce. This is true at the original restaurant, even though they invented this thing, it took a while for the chicken tender to outsell what had been everybody's favorite dish. Barbecued lamb. Right. So if the chicken tender had not been invented today, we'd be going to McDonald's and ordering our kids six piece Mc Muttons. Bill, How did Matthew do in our quiz? Matthew came to play. He got three.


Right. Good. Go. Well done. Thanks so much, Matthew. Take care. Thank You for having Me. Bye-Bye. Right up panel. It's time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Alzo. This week, the Washington Post tried to explain one of the most mysterious phenomena that we know of. Why people fall asleep on the couch, but then cannot seem to do what? Sleep in the bed. Exactly Right. You knew exactly what I was talking about. Yes. Get up from the couch, say, oh man, I gotta go to sleep. Go to sleep. You can't fall asleep because we've all found ourselves waking up from a fast sleep in, in front on the couch in front of the tv, and you've gotten into bed to go to sleep, and you lie awake for an hour.


It makes no sense. No one is like, oh man, I can't sleep if I'm not sitting upright with my head loing onto my chest while Netflix just keeps playing episodes. Right. The post asked two sleep experts to explain the phenomenon. They offered a bunch of possible reasons. First, people to fall asleep on the couch, tend to get up, brush their teeth, take out their contacts, take off their makeup, use the bathroom. By the time they're done with all that, it's morning. But I feel like you get the best sleep in places where you're not supposed to sleep. School, church, work, all those places. The best sleep. But in your own bed, not so much. Yeah, My wife falls asleep on the couch and then I cannot get her to get up.


I say, come on, then go to bed. 'cause she knows once she gets into bed, she won't be able to go back to sleep. So you Just, you're there Or because Of Well, Hey, in a minute. Can't Sleep coming up? Something's afoot in Montana in our Bluff Listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney Plus. Season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna, and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the human cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR.


Having News at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Joyelle Nicole Johnson, Saachi Cole, and Alzo Slade. And here at Ger Host at the Studebakers Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play the game in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram at Wait, Wait and pr. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is Stacey Bend Dixon in Des Moines, Iowa. Hey, Stacey, What do you do there in Des Moines? I work at a corporate foundation and I do community theater for fun.


And I'm a childless cat lady. Are you really? You on? Yes. Me and Taylor Swift. Exactly. Stacey, it's nice to have you with us. You're gonna play our game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Stacey's topic? What's up with Arthur Schu Barth 81-year-old Montana Rancher? Arthur Schu Barth made the news This week for a pretty surprising reason. And it's not because he became the first ever literal Jolly Rancher. Our panelists are gonna tell you what he did to get in the newspapers This week. Pick the one who's telling the truth about Mr. Schu Barth and you will win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail.


You ready to go? I'm ready. First, let's hear from Joelle Nicole Johnson. Get the heck off my lawn. Yelled Arthur Schu Barth for the 21st time as 14 other senior citizens tried to catch up with him at the first annual running of the whipper snappers. This event was inspired by his father, Arthur Schubert Sr. Who would actually yell at kids to get off his lawn while waving a shotgun. Arthur Junior, a retired high school coach and lifelong teacher realized that kids today were both too well-mannered and also too indolent to ever come over to annoy an old man like him. So he came up with a competition, which combines shenanigans, Tom Foolery and Devilment.


He invited local high schoolers to raise money for the right to trespass on his lawn and gather hidden prizes like his prize Petya, while he attempts to shoot them with super soakers. 60 kids instantly signed up, but more surprisingly, other senior citizens also wanted to sign up. So now the event has two competitions, best pimple, face brat, and most curmudgeonly old coop. I want this to be my legacy set, Arthur. When I'm gone, I want people to say that mean old man was really great. Arthur Schu Barth Starts the first running of the Whipper Snappers, a competition involving shooing kids off his lawn.


Your next report on this rancher comes from Saatchi Cole Arthur Schu Barth spent the better part of his life and service to the animals. Most of his career had been in husbandry, tending to the horses, the cows, and even the bees on his sprawling Wyoming ranch. But in retirement, he wanted to turn his approach to a different kind of husbandry, human husbandry. Enter the Love Ranch. An intensive 12 week matchmaking retreat where shoe Barth pairs attendees off until they find the one Parts Spa and parts sleepaway Camp singles work on the ranch and are matched up according to attitude and skill. By shoe Barth, it's like a singles cruise, except it's landlocked and everything smells like poop.


There are surprisingly a few overlaps between animal and human husbandry people. Participants are put into small enclosures to smell and perhaps headbutt each other. Potential matches are encouraged to dine from the same trough as if it's a bonding exercise. And of course, if the studs get too frisky, there's always the cattle prod. Schu Barth says he got the idea for Love Ranch after falling asleep in front of the television and waking up to hour six of a 28 hour Love Island Marathon. Arthur Sbar has opened the Love Ranch where he applies his techniques of animal husbandry to humans. Your last Mr. Schubert scoop comes from Alzo Slade.


For many of us, creating the world's largest sheep is just a dream, a fantasy we all yearn for. But we never attempt until this year when 81-year-old Montana Rancher, Arthur Schubert tried to play God Well, sheep God the rancher cloned a bunch of different breeds to create his perfect mutant sheep. Unfortunately, you can't just buy specialized sheep semen at the grocery store. So shoe bar and his co-conspirator smuggle sheep tissue and testicles from Kyrgyzstan. Now, if you think he was creating the perfect giant sheep for cuddling, that's because you're soft. Giant sheep are created for hunting. Of course, the woolly sheep that you would count to sleep were too soft and weak with no horns.


Plus they shed when mounted on a trophy wall. So Schu Bar set out to Frankenstein a super sheep. The result was a 300 pound specimen that was sold to hunting facilities around the country. Now, for all of his efforts of international ball smuggling and laboratory sheep creation shoe bars, got six months in prison. When he told his cellmate what he was in for, the cellmate replied, damn, that was a bad idea. So I can tell you this much, there really is an Arthur Schu Barth in Montana, but was he in the news This week?


Four from Joelle Nicole Johnson running the first ever running of the whipper snappers with kids invited to try to get on his lawn from Cole opening the Love Ranch where animal husbandry is used for people. Or from Alzo Slade jailed for illegally creating a Franken sheep. Which of these was what Arthur Schu Barth really did? I am gonna go with my Instincts and say the super sheep. The super sheep, the Franken sheep, the monstrous hybrid sheep that haunts all of our dreams. You're choosing Alzo story. Well, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to a reporter covering this important story.


A Montana Rancher got busted for creating giant hybrid sheep sell hunting for, for huge amounts of money. That was Justine McDaniel, our reporter for the Washington Post, who reported on the real story of good old 81-year-old Arthur Schu Barth and his freaky hybrid monster sheep. I'm so so you won. You were correct. Alzo in fact had the real story. Congratulations. Zo gets a point to telling the truth. And you have won our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose in your voicemail. Congratulations Stacy. I'm So excited. Thank You. I'm a super fan. Oh, Thank You. Thank You.


And now the game we call, not my job, Kara Jackson grew up not far from here in Oak Park, Illinois, where she started writing poetry in high school. Something she became so good at. She was named First Chicago's and then America's Youth poet Laureate. She then started putting her words to her own music and playing at festivals from Pitchfork to Glastonbury. Kara Jackson, welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thanks For having me. Now I have left off what I think of as one of the most important items on your resume, which is that you were one of the starting players on The Angels.


An 8-year-old girl's T-Ball team in Oak Park, which I coached. Yeah. So a little nervous about the answer. What do you remember about Coach Coach Segel on the On the Angels and being on the Angels? You Know, not a lot. Yeah. Which It's probably not good 'cause I'm not that old. But you know, I, I still actually have my Angel's shirt, like the uniform. Oh wow. I can't fit it anymore, but I still have it. So my memory of it was like, you guys were so amazing at coming up with like great cheers for any given situation and you still didn't know which base to run to when you hit the ball.


I feel like I did though. I was like one of the good you Were remember I didn't wanna, I didn't wanna cache in the other players. But yeah, No, no, no shade. I guess we have all healed from that moment, I hope. But I was pretty good at T-Ball. I, I've gotta say I was just really tall. Also. Like I remember it was me and Emma Smith. Yes. And we were just the tallest people on the team. So it was like obviously I could hit the ball, you know? Yeah. I feel like some people struggled. Like there were some people where it was like they were shorter so they had to like, you know, lower the tee. Yeah. But the taller kids, they would make it bigger and everyone would be like back up. Like There really is, there really is no better feeling I imagine than coming to coming to bat with the T and all the other players.


Yeah. I feel I'm still chasing that high, honestly. Right. So you moved from T-Ball to poetry and were named the Chicago Youth Poet Laureate while you were still in high school. Do you remember any of those early poems? Well, unfortunately for me, I a part of the youth poet laureate program in the city. Every poet laureate is responsible for writing a chat book. So like a mini book of poems. So I have, you know, a living archive. Right. Of all the poems I wrote At that time. Right. Do you ever go back and look at 'em and how do you feel about 'em? Oh, I think it's been a minute since I've looked back at them. But I think I have mixed emotions.


Sometimes it's cringey just 'cause I think that having a living record of things you thought as a teenager would just be cringey probably for everyone here. It's all true. It gets people Chance. Yeah. It's also like a chance for me to, I'm trying to do better the older I get to also, you know, treat my younger self with care and, you know, appreciate what I was doing at that age. 'cause I think you take for granted Yeah. A lot. Yeah. My, my advice would be go to that young girl you once were and give her a snack in a juice box. 'cause it always worked. Yeah. Yeah. The after the game snacks. Oh, the best part of T-Ball. So good. I can see we're never gonna get off that topic.


You then became, you then became, and I remember hearing about this and being very impressed. The National Youth Poet Laureate. Yeah. Right. And what kind of, I mean, that sounds like a serious post. What kind of obligations, duties, ceremonial, otherwise come with it? Yeah, so when I became the youth poet laureate, it, the program was still relatively new. I was the third one. So I think the program was still kind of establishing itself in, in terms of the, what it entails as a role. I think it was still kind of, you know, becoming a real tangible thing. Yeah, sure. So, so you were the third one and there have been plenty since then. Yeah. So do you look at the, the new ones like, man, y'all got it good.


You know, like how college, how college athletes are getting paid a lot more money now? I don't know. I really think I only look at the new ones with admiration because they're younger than me. So I just look at people who are younger than me with admiration. But either way, I think I would never trade places with someone who's like 19 at this age. Like, sure. No matter what I'm going through. Yeah. Yeah. But, And you're 25 right now? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Almost 25. Yeah. In a couple weeks. You're, You're not 25 yet. She's 24. You're at that age. She's like, she's like, yeah. Back in the day when I was just 1924 And a half.


Let's talk about your music. So you have a song about the various losers you've dated. It's called Head blues. It's pretty scathing. And I'm wondering what has that done for your social life? I don't know. 'cause I think that I am really associated with like-minded people, so I think it maybe only enhanced it. I feel like for people who needed that song, they really, you know, leaned into it. Yeah. And it's been fun to travel and perform that one in front of many different audiences. I had to perform at the US Ambassador in London and I did that song for the US Ambassador and she was really cool with it.


I feel like she, you know, maybe related possibly. And the response was positive. Yeah. Yeah. Well there you Are. Yes. The ambassador was like right over, right over. She said, yeah girl. Get them glow. Well, Kara Jackson, it is great to talk to you and we've invited you here to play a game. We're calling, It's a yes fun party. So you wrote a song called No Fun Party. Yes. So based on that, we thought we'd ask you about some really fun parties. Answer two to three questions correctly. You'll win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Kara Jackson playing for Maureen Tar of Natick, Massachusetts?


There you are. Alright. You ready to play? Okay? Yeah. All right. I'm sorry in advance to whoever I'm playing for. No, I just want, I just, I mean, I just want you to conjure up the confidence of being a T-Ball player and watching the right fielders In the Be Optimistic back up because they can see you getting ready to swing. Here we go. First question. The former executive of a company called Tyco was sent to prison back in the day for stealing money from his company to fund his lavish lifestyle, including a 2002 birthday party for his wife, which included which of these A, each guest getting a new Mercedes-Benz in a giant bag as they departed, be an ice sculpture of Michelangelo's David that dispensed vodka from his little David.


Or see a musical background of instrumental versions of U2 songs played during the cocktail hour by U2. Oh my gosh. I don't know. All of that sounds so outrageous, but I feel like maybe it's B. It is B. So if you think about it, it's sort of like a spigot, right? The I sculpture. Anyway, here is your next question. A British woman named Ivy Smalls celebrated her hundred and fifth birthday back in 2016. She only had one request for the party.


What was it? A life size, blown up photos of all her enemies that she had outlived. That's what I would want. That's my kind. That's right. That's what I would want. That speaks to me. Be hunky firefighters with tattoos or see pot brownies. Hmm. Even though maybe the last one is the most practical, the first one speaks to me the most. So I want to go with a Life-sized photos of all the people she had outlived. No, it was actually hunky firefighters with tattoos. Really? Yeah. That's What she wanted. That's fair. I guess I couldn't really put myself into like her perspective. The, yeah.


And that's what she says. I would like hunky firefighters with tattoos please. And so the local fire brigade was like, will helps. They even raised their ladder. So they entered the party by climbing up through the second floor window of her old folks home. She was very happy. Alright, here's your last question. Get this right, you win. Colleges are known, of course, for huge parties. And in 20 17, 1 house party at a college in Maryland became such a rager that what happened? A NBA Scouts showed up just to recruit from the beer pong games. B, when the cops came to bust up their party, their breathalyzers all went off just from the air inside the house. Or C, the party became so big it could be seen from space.


Yeah. I'm gonna go with B. Sorry. In advance, this boy, this person. You're right. Again. Some discount fell. You're Right. You're right. The air was so thick with alcohol that the breathalyzers on their belts started beeping. Bill, how did Kara Jackson do in our quiz? Two outta three? Kara, you are the poet laureate who won the game. Congratulations. Kara Jackson is an award-winning poet and the celebrated singer songwriter behind, why does the Earth give us people to love? And speaking from personal experience? She's a contact hitter who can hit with power to all fields.


Kara Jackson, Thank You so much for joining us. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me in just a minute. Frog finally learns where Toad ran off to. In our listener Limerick challenge, call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait. Don't tell me from NPR Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast. Every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there.


Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our Rum, from a quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's Very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever he gets your podcasts. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term.


From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Alzo Slades, Saachi Cole, and Joel Nicole Judging. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. And just a minute.


Bill wins a Guggenheim Fellowship in our listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the weeks' news. Saatchi. A new psychology study finds that if you wanna preserve your reputation is a decent person while still talking about people behind their back, you should make sure you sprinkle your gossip with what I've never gossiped in my life. So this one's really tough for me. I don't know. Backstage you were saying something about Peter That Was between us. You have to sprinkle your gossip with compliments. You're you're, you're close. But remember the person is not there.


Oh. So it's all about, you're speaking about them behind their back. It's all about presenting a certain thing, a certain attitude to the person you're gossiping with. So it's like OMG. Did you hear what Jeff did? I hope he's okay. You're telling people about Oh, you have to sprinkle it with concern. Exactly. Concern. Concern. Oh, I've been doing it wrong. Exactly. Doing It wrong. I'm going straight for the neck. Exactly. And I'm out there. Exactly. I've been doing that naturally. Really. So Maybe instead of me explaining the study, you can just give us an example. Yeah. Because You'll be like, yeah. 'cause you know, she was out there and then that baby wasn't hers. But also that girl's blood pressure's high. You know that type And you're Worried about it. You're worried About her blood pressure.


I've really been doing this wrong. Yeah. Let's talk about her Mor. So this is a real example from the study. Instead of saying quote, Kate is a drunken moron, science. Science. Say quote. Kate got really drunk over the weekend. I hope she's okay. That's pretty, that's pretty smooth though. Yeah. Yeah. That's really elegant. Yeah. It's really important. Joelle in a video meant to appeal to female voters. A GOP candidate in Virginia running for Congress posed with a wife and three daughters. One problem though. What? Oh my gosh. Also, do you know the answer? I do know the answer. Yeah. It's pretty good.


Did he have a fake family? Yes. They were not his wife and children. There was somebody else's, Somebody else's wife and Children. Unexplained, Who's wife and children. He, he doesn't have a wife or children. So he borrowed some, he's trying to, this man is named Derek Anderson. He's trying to appeal to voters as a family man. Right. So his campaign video ends with a candidate standing with this lovely woman and three kids who are in fact the family of a close friend of his. And they all have smiles that say, how long do we have to keep smiling? And what makes all this even weirder? He's not married, but he has a fiance and he didn't ask her to pose, pose with him for his campaign Ad.


Well, that would've been weird to have two wives in the Photo. Yeah. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. Depending on the State. Well, not in some districts In Virginia. I think it's illegal. Yeah. Joelle, the New York City Council approved a landmark bill This week finally making birth control free for whom? Mayor Eric, Adam. We should be so lucky I wouldn't buy him. Please give me a hint here. It's Hard. I mean, the reason you're not thinking of this is because you normally don't think of this. There are no love scenes in Rati, for example. Oh, Rats.


Rats. Well, that's Rat Rats are getting birth control for free New York City in their effort to eliminate rats and draw attention away from whatever Eric Adams just did will be seeding the streets and gutters with pellets of rat birth control coated in a sweet substance to make it more tempting for the rats to eat. So rat birth control, delicious candy. But for humans, it's like, here's an IUD. It's made of knives. I think it's good that the rats have more access to birth control than I do. I think that makes sense. Yeah. But I feel good about that. Yeah. The problem is it's not consensual though. What do you mean? It's, yeah, they don't know they're, they don't know that they're taking birth control.


Oh, So you're concerned about like what, HIPAA for rats. Yeah. Man, This isn't fair. It's not fair for rats because what if there's a female rat that wants to have children and she thinks she's eating candy. She's a childless rat later. Exactly. Coming up, it's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first, it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you like to play on air call, leave a message at one triple eight eight. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. And we'll be at the Fox Theater in Detroit, Michigan on November 14th and This week on our sister podcast. How to do Everything. Mike and Ian help me fulfill a lifelong dream.


The one that requires me to dress up as a sausage. Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is bro. I'm from Chicago. Hey. Hey Chicago. Hey. What do you do here? In the greatest city in the world? I'm a sign language interpreter. You Are. That's great. That's often, who do you do that work for? All Over the city. I do like freelance. So basically I get emails and I show up to where they tell me to go. I understand. And what is the best kind of event to interpret in sign language? Well, my first degree's in theater tech, so doing like, like theater stuff is really like where I have the most fun. Yeah. But also just anything where like the job goes smoothly and everybody leaves happy. There You are. Well, welcome to the show, Bron.


Now Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks will be a winner. You ready to go? Sure. Here's your first limerick. Here's a camouflaged Ford zipping past watch. I hope Bigfoot is zipping his last scotch with that truck's overhaul. It's the Cryptids last call. It's a Bronco designed to hunt. Sasquatch. Sasquatch. Yes. There is a special edition Ford Bronco designed, especially for dedicated hunters of Bigfoot. It's called the Sasquatch searcher.


It comes with everything you might need for your next crypted hunting expedition, including a camo exterior, roof-mounted lights, and of course a really crappy camera. So you can show your friends a blurry picture and say, see, I told you I don't like this. You Don't? Why Not? It's gonna say the precedent. Now we're gonna have Elvis Tupac searchers, all these car companies gonna come out with cars searching for dead people. You're gonna have like cars for like, you know, alien invader believers with no roof. So they can just be beamed Straight up. Exactly. Alright, here is your next limerick. Since bubbles affect Madame's brain, what we'll do to grand crews, a damned shame.


It's still a high price, but without any advice. We're removing the booze from Champagne. Yes, champagne. There's a brand new $119 alcohol free champagne in the market, which is great news for people who love spending money but hate having fun. The founders say they created French bloom non-alcoholic champagne because there are no quote, alcohol free, festive and sophisticated beverage options. Okay. Root beer literally exists. I don't drink, so I don't even know what makes champagne. Champagne. Is it just the The regions? The regions. The region. Region. The region.


It's made. Yeah. I mean it's, it's, you know, And also that it's gross, right? You all champagne bubbly. Yes. Champagne is is bubbly. That's just soda. Well, no, it's the gross part. You're missing gross. It's wine, soda. Yeah, it's champagne is bubbly. It's sparkling wine as they say. It Sounds raggedy to me. Okay. Here is your last limerick At the store. I'm about to explode 'cause this salad is not up to code. The mixed greens awoke and let out. A low croak. Yes, my salad included A Toad. A toad. Yes. A woman in England was surprised when she found a live toad in her prepackaged salad.


That's what happens when you don't read the label. It clearly said allergen alert manufactured in a facility overrun with toads Are toads. Tiny Toads are not necessarily tiny, nor do we know how big this toad was. Oh, I feel like it don't matter if it's live in my salad. It's a problem. Yeah, That's Just bonus courtesy. Yeah. Somebody said, imagine Joel, if someone screamed saying, oh my God, there's a tote in my salad. Your first question would not be how big? How big? But how Big was it, Bill? How did Bron do In our quiz, bro, Is the complete lime player boy, three and oh, quick to it.


Well done. Thank You. Thank You. Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies and call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs.


Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter. She's Really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR Cell phones. Cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products.


It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU. Now onto our final game. Lightning Fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Troy, Allen, Alzo. Each have three. Saachi has two. Okay, Saachi, that means you're Up First. Fill in the blank as part of her upcoming book Tour. CNN says that blank asked to be paid $250,000 for an interview. Melania? Yes. This week, over a hundred additional people claimed they'd pursue legal action against imprisoned hip hop mogul. Blank. Did he? Yes. Known as Sean Combs as well.


This week, a possible human case of blank flu was reported in Florida bird flu. Right This week a driver in Washington was ticketed for unauthorized use of the carpool lane. When he blanked, when he merged, I don't know when he dressed up his passenger seat in the plaid shirt tried to pass it off. I can't believe I didn't think of that. Politicians. According to new estimates, Twitter is worth 80% less than it was worth when blank purchased it. Oh, when Elon purchased it? Yes. For several hours on Monday, over a hundred thousand blank customers lost cell service At and t. No. This time it was Verizon. This week a court in Taiwan sided with a son who had sued his mom after she blanked.


After she died. No, after she threw his comic books away, The woman's 20-year-old son was still living at home and was outraged when he found out his mom had thrown out his entire collection of attack on Titan comic books. The court ordered the mother to pay $160 to the son to replace the comic books, though they did throw out the additional charge of, and we're all out of Doritos. Oh my goodness. And get their ass out the house, basically. Bill, how did Saatchi do in her first quiz? I think Saatchi did well for right. Eight more points. Total of 10. That's a lead right now. Thanks. Alright, that's a lead. I'm gonna pick Alzo to go next.


Here we go. Alzo, fill in the blank. After reaching a tentative wage agreement with employers on Thursday, US blank workers agreed to suspend their strike. Longshore, man. Yeah. Port workers on Tuesday, former president Blank, celebrated his 100th birthday Habitat for humanity's president. And ask In honor of him, I'll give it to you. Jimmy Carter. According to Nielsen estimates, over 43 million people watched the blank on Tuesday. The debate, the vice presidents Debate. Right. On Tuesday, Claudia Scheinbaum was sworn in as the first female president of blank Mexico. Right? This week, a Florida woman was released from prison after a test confirmed that the meth residue police found in her car turned out to be blank Sugar Dried SpaghettiOs on Tuesday.


What? That's what it was. It was on a spoon on Tuesday. The doctor charged in connection with friends star blank death pled guilty distributing ketamine. Matthew Perry. That's The guy. This week, the New York Times published an explosive report that found many zoo pandas were blank. Many zoo pandas were disguised as dogs. Right? Although it's the other way around. I'll give it to you. They were dogs disguise as zoo pandas. Yeah. The times has more and more zoos in circuses around the world have been painting dogs and passing them off as pandas. Oh, the fluffy. Yeah. The fluffy dogs. The fluffy dogs. Maybe this is on us. We probably should have known something was up when the pandas at the zoo got so excited to see us.


They wouldn't stop humping our legs. Bill, how did Alzo do in our quiz? Very Well. Six, right? 12 more points. 15. Here's the total that leaves. So Bill, how many does Joel need to win? Six to tie at, seven to win. Here we go. Joel, You know how I do. I'm rooting for you. Yeah, Here we go. This is for the game on Wednesday, new documents related to blanks. January 6th case, were unsealed. Oh, Trumps yes. On Monday, controversial baseball legend, blank. Passed away at the age of 83. Controversial baseball player. Yes. I don't know. Not Dick Kimbe. Mutombo Not. No, no, No.


This was Pete Rose. Oh, I've heard of him. Yes. This week millions were left without power after hurricane blank swept across the southeast. Helene. Yes. According to a new report, parents of over 125,000 kindergartners filed for a blank exemptions last year. Tax no vaccine exemptions. What? This week a man in Oklahoma was charged with stealing a car so he could get to court in time for his trial. For blanking. Oh, Jesus. Cooking meth on a spaghetti spoon. No. For stealing another car. Thanks to melting glaciers. It was announced that the alpine border between Italy and blank would soon have to be redrawn Switzerland.


Right? Switzerland. I know geography. On Thursday, NASA bumped two astronauts from the Falcon Nine Rocket to make room for those still stuck on the blanks. International Space Station. Yes. Oh, some of y'all be listening. This week, hundreds of tourists flocked to a small town in Colorado to witness the yearly blank Running of the whipper snapper. No, the yearly. The yearly tarantula Mating season. Oh. Oh. You didn't even gimme Any tourists from across the country. Traveled to La Junta, Colorado every year to witness the beauty of tarantula mating season. Why not? It combines everybody's two favorite things, sex and spiders the size of your hand That Would terrify.


Bill, did Joelle do well enough to win? She got Four rights. Eight more points. Her 11 means she's number two, and the winner is Alzo Clay. Woo hoo. Just a minute. We're gonna ask our panelists to predict after chicken tenders. What food Novation will we be celebrating the invention of 50 years from today? But first, let me tell you that, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Goer writes our limericks, our public address announcers. Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater.


BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey and Blyth Robertson. Peter Gwen is our Peter Laureate. Our vibe curator is Emma Choi. Technical directions from Lorna White. Our CFO's Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse, our senior producers Ianello and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel? What food innovation will we be celebrating 50 years from now? Saachi Cole. I think it's gonna be those chips that are so spicy they're sending people to the hospital and I think we'll do it as an immemorial for whoever didn't learn their lesson. Joyelle. Nicole Johnson. Oh, Zepi. Cut. Oats.


The more you eat, the less you want. Alzo Slade To get another celebration. The chicken tender is just gonna make us call itself the bonus chicken wing. Well, if any of that happens panel, we'll ask you about it On Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis, thanks also to Alzo Slay. Joel mcc, Nicole Johnson and Saachi Cole. And thanks to all of you for listening. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at the beautiful Studebaker Theater, and to you, wherever you may be, I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week.


This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit, so the cards purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X Business Card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X Business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential Power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line Podcast from NPR.