
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the old acquaintance that won't ever be forgot. Bill Curtis. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater of the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thanks everybody. 2024 is finally over, thank goodness. But we're hoping to delay finding out what 2025 has in store by staying in bed with the lights off. And when that doesn't work, I call up my friends Jack Daniels and Jack Ambien.


Jack Daniel. While we try to remain blissfully unaware that a new year has even begun, we wanna salvage the reputation to the last one a little by bringing you some of the highlights of our show. Let's start with Kristin Kish, who joined us in Milwaukee, where she had just filmed her first season as the new host of Top Chef. Peter Started by asking about her experience as a contestant on the show. So let's, let's, let's jump right in. You won your season of Top Chef after fighting your way through a redemption round, and a big turning point for you in the show was you were all challenged to prepare this seafood specialty in Seattle, the Gooey duck.


Correct. And I don't know if I will ever recover watching. Okay. Who knows what a gooey duck is? You guys don't Yes. Yeah, no, it sound like pate or something. Who knows what a penis is? They look identical. It is, it is not the thing that I wanted to cook and have like my first moment dunking the gooey duck in hot water to then remove the bore skin. Yes. Yes. I'll let you say that. And to slide it off. And that was my first moment. But it was the quickest thing that you could cook in 30 minutes. Wait, so you, You moed a wow.


What a Fuck. Beautiful. It's, it's a, it's very easy procedure. You do that, you give it a fountain pen and you move on And I I I'm very gay, so shocking that I knew what to do. Yeah, exactly. Yes. Well, you know, that Makes sense. That makes sense though, that you're like a penis. Dip it and boiling water, Because I think that, I think that's the advantage you had over the rest of the contestants. Complete emotional detachment. I don't care. I don't care. So now, so you went through one Top Chef, hugely popular winner. You've gone on to do a lot of things and then they called you up and they said, Padma is retiring.


We want you to take over the Show. Well, so they didn't even say that I saw on anyone that is a fan of the show. Right. Saw that on Instagram when Padma posted it, and it was like, it caught me off guard too. I was like, who's gonna take over that job? Not me. No, certainly. Like, it's probably gonna be one of You. Thank You all are very funny. Thank You. And clever and very witty and charming. I did Think it was gonna be me. This is awkward. And it, it just, it happened so fast. I got a call, I was flying from Thailand back to New York and I was in Dubai and I got a call from my agent and it just, things started rolling. And how did you find the, of course, necessary moment at the end of every episode where someone has to go home, do you use the famous catchphrase, pack your knives and go, oh, Pack your knives and Go is still there and you are Top Chef is still there.


They, they have been there since you Change it. You weren't like off. Well, I did. Yeah. No, I, The date, first day. Did you pitch your own? Did you pitch your own? The, the first day I was like, maybe what if I do just say go the Yes. Yeah, but I felt like I was like, there's a lot of people I don't wanna say that to. So I was like, you know, I'll be nice to everybody. So we can't tell, you know, Here you are, you are a very positive person. You filmed the next season of Top Chef will take place entirely here in Milwaukee and other areas of Wisconsin chefs all from all over the country flew here to compete. And how many EPIs how many episodes were there? Are there? I Have no idea. You not a lot of episodes. No. Say like 20 episodes. How many of them are entirely about cheese curds there?


Listen, WCO, as soon as we've, as soon as we touched down, I had cheese curds, custard butter burger, and I, and I know WI know Wisconsin is much more than just your dairy, but your dairy is exceptional. It's true. So the more like, And most people don't know this, but when you arrive at Mitchell Airport in Milwaukee, you are greeted with strings of cheese curds that, that they place around the net as the traditional Welcome here. It's very nice Indian, Wisconsin. Your dairy is exceptional. Qualifies as dirty talk. Well, Christian, k, we are so delighted you came back to Milwaukee to join us and we have asked you here specifically to play our competition.


And this time we are calling it Top Chef. Meet the Top Jeff, You host Top Chefs who we thought we'd ask you about The world's top. Jeff, Jeff Bezos. Answer two outta three questions correctly about the founder of Amazon and you will win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. So Bill, who is Chef Kish playing for Heather Ray in of racing Wisconsin? Did you, did you get down to Reim while you're here? Get a crinkle. I Don't, I can't say anything. Oh, I'm sorry. You can't, it's all secret. Sorry, but Wait, Wait. But also if, if I lose, does Heather still get the prize?


Because this is like, this is a lot of pressure for me. I want to do good for somebody else and then if I don't do good and then she doesn't get the prize, I'm gonna feel really bad for the rest of my life. Here we go. Let's see how you do. Here's your first question. To demonstrate his personal philosophy of how one succeeds in business. Jeff Bezos once did what? A, actually stole candy from a baby B ate an octopus for breakfast, or C drove his Mercedes S class the wrong way down I five in Seattle. God, CI was really bad at quizzes and I always did C when I didn't know the answer. But there's only, so the choices are ate the octopus.


He ate the octopus. Okay. That's right. Got got it. There you Go. You saying, See, you know what's, you know what's crazy? Get back in your head. You do it. Right. Right, right. You think you know the answer and then you talk yourself out. Someone once asked me at a Food and wine festival side note lay, you know, Le Crue, LA Crue, the, the cookware? Yeah. Someone was like, how do you say La Crue? And I've been saying La Crue the right way my entire life. Right. And someone goes, how do you say it? And I was like, if I've been saying it wrong and I go Le Crue, and they're like, no, I was, I this is what happens. I overthink. Yeah, I know. It's the pressure. So what happened was is he ate this octopus for breakfast at breakfast with his, with the head of a company he wanted to acquire. And then Bezos said, and I quote, you are the octopus I'm having for breakfast.


When I look at the menu, you're the thing, I don't understand the thing I've never had, I must have the breakfast octopus That was Bond villain. It really was. Wow. Alright, here's your next question. Jeff Bezos is not the only famous member of his family, his biological father, Ted Jorgenson, also had acc claim to fame. What a, he was the most beloved small independent bookstore owner in Seattle until Amazon put him out of business B. He invented the male cosmetic buttock implant. Or C, he was an avid unicycling who founded the world's first unicycle hockey club.


Does, does C qualify as a claim to fame? Yes. I, I personally like BI like the thought of white men getting BBLs A A no, I thought I told you the answer is always C. Wait, How many do I have to get? Right? Two or you get two. Okay. This is just like top chef you lost. This is too pressure. You're not out of chances. You can come back and win it all the, You know how I do well under pressure? I don't do, I don't do very well. What happened in high school once Yeah. Is I was a really great free throw basketball person. They threw me on the team because I was tall for my age. It's not because I was actually good, but I got really good at just aiming and standing in one spot. Right. So then what happened is there was a game, we were playing our rivals, right?


And it was tied game, like everything that you think of, like when you see something really su suspenseful in a, in a sports game, that's what, alright, Let's say tie game with the steam rival, right? You're fouled game's in the line. You're at the free throw line. Yes. Go. And I go, whoop. And it air balled. Aw. It was devastating. Devastating. So this is how I feel now. So go ahead, ask your question. Ask yes. Come on. Triggers. Alright, here's your last question. Get this right. You Win. I think I'm, I'm right, I'm ready. Get this one right. You win. So Jeff Bezos is famous for insulting his employees whenever they displease him, which apparently they do a lot.


Which of these is a real insult that Jeff Bezos has been reported to shout at his underlings? A I'm sorry, did I take my stupid pills today? B, if I hear that again, I'm gonna have to kill myself. Or C, why are you wasting my life? Well, C. C. Yeah. C. Yes. C. C. You're gonna go with CA. All of them. All of them. What do you do? All of them. All of them is the correct Wow. For the way. Yes. I I have had a lot of wonderful people in the show. I've never been on such an emotional journey with Any of that, But hey, it's, no, wait a minute.


The demon has not banished until Bill says the words. Bill. How did Kristen K do in our show? Two Out of three you worked. Woo. Yes. Oh my god. Kristen K is a top chef winner and the show's new host, the latest season filmed in Milwaukee will air on Bravo this spring. Kristen Guest, Thank You so much for joining. And just for fun, here's a panel question that we've never broadcast before. Joel, the movie Wicked just came out. Yes, This week. You're excited. That's Good. I saw it already. Oh, you did? I did. I'm special. Well, maybe then, I bet you'll be able to figure this out quickly.


The New York Times is reporting that some movie theaters have had to crack down on all the theater goers. Doing what? Singing at the top of their damn lunch. Yeah. Did that Happen at the screening you saw? No, we didn't. But I could tell like the little theater kids next to me were like vibrating. Yeah. They're like, hold On. So many fans have complained about all the other fans singing at the screenings that some theaters have started posting signs saying they will have dedicated sing-along screenings. So would you please shut up at this one? The singers Meanwhile are unter. I think you should be allowed To sing and Absolutely. Because if you go to like a movie at a black theater, black people are gonna be talking.


So yeah, there Should be a judge of like your tone. Like if you're not, if you're Off I was about to, I was about to say to Joel, you say you're fine with it. Wait till you hear my version of Defying Gravity. Would we come back? An economist who won a Nobel and a rapper who cannot win at Pickleball? That's when we're back with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studio Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You all so much. We're spending the first week of the new year lost in nostalgia for the old one. Consider it a challenge. You baby year try to beat this. For example, 2025. I bet you won't be sending us a Nobel Prize winner. As fun as the economist Claudia Golden, who appeared with us last March. First of all, I guess it's not that long ago, so we can still congratulate you on the Nobel.


Oh, Thank you. Yeah. Now Peter, how did you, I don't, I don't know that there's a statute of limitations on congratulations on your Nobel Prize. Well, I mean, you know, it's, it was just last year and you know, it's still fresh. I mean, can you tell us about the experience of getting the call? Yes. The call arrived at four 30 in the morning and I was sleeping in a bed with the person behind me. Now we should establish, by the way that you are, you are speaking to us from your home and with you and, and is your husband Larry? Hello? The great labor economist. The great labor economist. That's right. He's also the father of my dog.


Wow. And the call came and you have to just get into action because the person at the other end of the phone says, you have 90 minutes to prepare for a press conference. That doesn't sound like a prize. It sounds like a threat. Hello. This is the Nobel Committee. In 90 minutes there will be a press conference. And what did you do professor? I said, Larry, take the doghouse.


Now, now your, the Nobel Prize in economics or the Nobel like memorial medal in economics is, is awarded separately from the other Nobel Prizes who has better parties? The economists or all those lame scientists? We, we share the parties. You Do really? Yes, we we had a one big party and there was dancing music, things that you would not expect Nobel laureates to do. That's right. That is, that is I, in fact, now I wanted to ask about your husband who again, I just want to let everybody know we have you on screen here and he's sitting directly behind your shoulder staring at us.


He is also an acclaimed economist and we recently had, I know your good friend Janet Yellen, also an economist, secretary of the Treasury. She's also married to an economist. Are all economists married to other economists? This is an extraordinarily good question. It's not all economists married to other economists. It's, there are very few female economists in various age groups. Yes. And a disproportionate number of those are married to male economists. Right. See, The guys have to, but the male economists can't be married to the female economists because there are too few of us. Oh, I see. Have to be, there would have to be Polly Andry.


And By the way, answering my question about are all economists married to other economists with a breakdown of the data of the numbers of female versus male economists? And thus the different proportions of marriages is such an economist way to answer. Now before we get to the game, we heard that you asked to chat bot to predict what we would ask you about and well, what did it say? Yeah, so I said to the chat bot first, I said, what will Peter Segel ask Claudia Golden on, Wait, Wait, don't tell me in the not my job segment.


And the chat bot came back and said, I don't know what Peter is going to ask. So I changed the question. I said, what might Peter ask? Blah blah, blah, blah, blah. And then it came back and it said, how do you think your career would be different if you pursued your true passion of competitive yodeling? Where were you on that one, Peter? So that the chat bot thought I would ask you about your true passion in competitive yoing Is, that's what it Says. Is that by any chance your true passion?


No. No. Thank goodness you're safe from robot replacement right Now. So for the moment. Alright, well Claudia Golden, we've asked you to play a game. We're calling Economy. How about first class? You know the economy, but we're gonna ask you about a guy who knows first class Tom Stoker, who is the most traveled airline passenger in history. And he did every one of those 23 million miles in first class. Answer two to three questions about Mr. Stoker. You will win our prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who's professor? Golden playing for Laurie Craig of Olympia Washington. Alright, here's the first question for the both of you.


Mr. Stoker started his odyssey when he bought a lifelong pass for unlimited first class travel from United in 1990 for $290,000. As you can imagine having flown farther than any other human being in the decade since. He has lots of advice for travelers, including which of these A, despite what you've heard, people like it when you take off your shoes on planes B, always lie to the chief flight attendant that you remember them. Or C, air sickness bags make great hand puppets for the kids. B. B you're gonna say B. Hold on. Larry, can you hear me?


Do you concur in the choice of B? Yes. Yes. Big nod from Larry. You're both right? Yes. He says that when you meet the chief flight attendant, as you walk onto the plane, say, oh, hi, I remember you from my last flight. You were so great. It's great to see you again. Now they of course don't remember you, but they're not going to admit that. So instead they will just treat you exceptionally well during the flight or to the wise. All right, two more questions. Because he has earned frequent flyer miles with every flight, he's also been able to swap those miles for all kinds of goods and services. Meaning that Mr. Tom Stoker once used frequent flyer miles to get himself A what?


A, an entirely new face from a plastic surgeon. B, a guest spot on the TV show Seinfeld or C, a majority ownership stake in United Airlines. Whoa. Okay. Seinfeld. It's Seinfeld. Yes, that's right. That's why Kramer looked different in season seven. I know. Yeah. No, he, he donated his miles to a fundraiser and the prize was a guest spot on Seinfeld. So you can see him in the episode in which George's fiance dies from licking envelopes. Alright, here's your last question. Despite what you might think, United Airlines doesn't mind him costing them millions of dollars in free flights. In fact, they once did what for him? A, they let him pilot the plane part of a trip from Dallas to Hawaii.


But quote, only over the ocean be they let him be CEO of united for a day, which is why the airline went from giving people peanuts to the much superior Stroop waffles or C, they named not one, but two aircraft after him. It's gotta be C. That's right. It is C. Next time you see United Aircraft, check to see if it says Thomas r Stoker customer on the fuselage Bill. How did Dr. Claudia Golden and her husband Larry do in our quiz? Well, they both may not have won the Nobel Prize, but they certainly both won this contest.


Thank You so much. Dr. Claudia Golden is a Nobel Prize winner and the Henry Lee professor of economics at Harvard University. Dr. Golden, Thank You so much. We know that 2025 is already intimidated by everything we have played so far, so let's hit it when it's down. We went to Austin, Texas last February and talked with rapper Danny Brown. Danny had moved there after revolutionizing hip hop in his hometown of Detroit. Peter, ask him about his distinct style.


You do something that I don't think a a lot of the people in your field do, is that you use different voices when you rap, right? Yeah. I try to use different voices, just whatever emotion I'm feeling or the emotion of the song. Yeah. I try to let that convey through the boys. Do Do you have like names for your voices that you use? Like this, this is, this is a, these are verses that this guy's gonna do. Yeah. Yeah. I guess Do, do you know any of those names offhand? One's just called Adderall. Where did you get that name? And it's so Fascinating. That's fascinating. Yeah. So we were reading about you, you grew up in Detroit and you said that you were like, you were rhyming almost as soon as you could talk, right? You right, yeah. Yeah. My mom used to read Dr.


Seuss books to me all the time. So she said when I first started talking, I just talked him rhyme. Really? Yeah. Yeah. He was, he was killing him on the playground. Eggs and hands, you feel me? You know what I mean? Yeah. You also run, you won a lot of rap battles in, in high school, right? Yeah. Yeah. I, I lost a lot too. Did you really? Yeah. I mean I'm, I'm the professional rapper now, so I guess I won it. Yeah, I guess so. I mean, I was gonna Right, let her Ask who you lost Know What, what kind of contract does that guy have? Did you have, is there like a secret weapon to running rap battles? 'cause I couldn't on a bet. I mean, it was always like, I, I was kind of quiet in school to be honest. Really? So every time like some kid would rap, I'd be like, oh, it's my time to shine.


That was the Adderall voice right there. That Was it. So you had this huge album about 10 years ago when you were about 30 called XXX or 30, right? Yeah. And you have a new album? Enta Italian Corta. Ent. Excuse me. That's Italian. You wrote a Rta. See he battling you already. So you, so your album 30 when you were 30 and Italian for 40. When you're 40, has it de ever called to say You're stealing my bit? No, I actually met Ade once. She's, did she nice. Yeah. Really? At Wembley Stadium? Yeah. She was really nice. I think I made a crude joke and she got up out of there after that. But really for the most part she was pretty cool.


She was nice. Yeah. And it was when you all first met? Yeah. Yeah. It was like first thing like, yo, here's a, I didn't know it was Ade though. Oh, you didn't know. Didn't tell you. Wait a minute. Minute. So I came 'cause I was actually opening for Eminem and she just was there to see Eminem obviously. And she, you know, I just had the, the empty dressing room that she can hang at and she just chilling. I just thought it was just a cool white lady back there. I was drinking a lot back then. Yeah. I'll blame the alcohol. Yeah. Is Alcohol a name of one of the other voices? Adderall. There's alcohol. Speaking of which, if you don't know about your struggles with addiction and substances and drink and stuff, you can find out about it because Kranta, lemme get that right.


It has a lot of verses about your struggles and some regrets. I mean, it's like a, it's a, forgive me, it's like an older guy's rap album, right? Yeah. It is a midlife crisis. Right. Speaking of midlife crisis, we understand that you, among your many enthusiasms these days are you're into pickleball. Yeah. I actually just started playing. Really? Yeah. I actually went to a old folks home and That's not fair, bro. No, they was, they was whooping my Oh, they was killing you. So what inspired you to go play pickleball? I Mean, it started out as a joke for me to go, it was a sketch for me to go play pickleball with all these old people.


And you know, I, I guess I was supposed to win, but it didn't work out like that. I was like, man, they really moving fast out there, you know? So I, I fell in love with it. So I I'm, I'm playing. Are you planning to get good? Go back to the Yeah man, I'm, I'm trying to get my revenge. Yeah, but I feel like, I feel like those old folks, they pride themselves on baiting young people Into this court. They did. They did. They was like, oh, Did they hustle? You were like, oh yeah, my knees are shot. Like man, no, they was in great shape. I was like, man, it really was inspiring. I was like, I wanna be like that when I get your As. But when you do your 70 album, that can be all about the pickleball.


Have you, have you in fact like put pickleball into a rap yet? Nah, but it's coming. Oh, it's, yeah, It's coming. Yeah. In a weird way, the pickleball wrap is coming for all of us, if you know what I mean. It's coming. Yeah. Well Danny Brown, it is a pleasure to have you. We have in fact asked you here to play a game. We are calling Danny Brown, meet Dan Brown. So We are gonna ask you Danny Brown, three questions about Dan Brown, the author of the Da Vinci Code, and many other bestsellers. Okay? If you get two or three right, you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who is Danny Brown playing for? Heather Clark of Austin, Texas? Yeah. Alright. Hometown, Man. Hometown.


Ready to do this? Yeah, I Guess. Yeah. I'm telling you man. I'm sorry Heather. No, it's all right. Ignorance. Ignorance. We got back. Ignorance is just, ignorance is absolutely a blessing in this game. You think you know something? That's where you go into trouble. Here we go. So Dan Brown is now one of the bestselling authors of all time, but before that he tried to make it in the music business as a singer songwriter. He only sold a few thousand copies of his album probably because it contained songs like which of these A Cipher a song whose lyrics were a string of letters. The listener had to decode b, a song about pancakes called Flap My Jacks or See an Ode to Phone Sex called Nine seven, six Love.


I'm gonna go with C 'cause that just seems cooler. You're right actually, Yeah, It's an underrated song. I'll Just say that Underrated song. I was about to say, you know, for people who don't remember 9, 7, 6 numbers. It was like a crude analog only fans. Yeah, it was Alright. That was very good. You got that. You see Instinct Man, that's where you go with, after he became Famous, Brown's life did change in some surprising ways. Like which of these A when he forgot his ID at the airport, he got through security by showing them his author photo on a copy of the Da Vinci Code B. He got so much fandel, he started using it as free bedding in his horse barn.


Or C, he was gifted a lifetime supply of communion wafers from the Catholic church. I'm gonna go with a, You're right again. Yeah, This was around, he says he, he drove to Boston Airport from his home in New Hampshire. He's like, oh my God, I'm in line. I don't know if my license, what am I gonna do? The person in front of him, as everybody was doing at that time, had a copy of the Da Vinci Code and he said, can I borrow that? And he picked it up and said, that's me. And it was so he got on the plane. Alright, one more question. You're doing exceptionally well here. There have been tributes to Dan Brown and his work everywhere, as in which of these A In 2004 Crayola crayons unveiled the color.


Dan Brown B. In 2006, a judge worked a Dan Brown style puzzle into his ruling. When Dan Brown was sued for plagiarism or c in honor of his 2013 book, Inferno Brown University went by the name Dan Brown University for an entire semester. Oh, I guess I'll go with C. You're gonna go with C. That Brown University called itself Dan Brown University. No, it was actually the judge. The judge you see if, if you knew Dan Brown. He's always like hiding codes in his books. It's all about cracking the codes. And the judge did rule however that Mr. Brown was not found guilty of plagiarism.


So Bill, how did Danny Brown do in the quiz about Dan Brown? Only he won With two out of three. That's a winner. Danny Brown is a rapper and host of the Danny Brown show. His new album Qta is out now. Danny Brown, Thank You so much for joining us. Thank You guys for having me up for Austin Night. Danny Brown. When we come back, we continue our celebration of the year. That was with two more stars, one from the NFL and one from Broadway. That's when we're back with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in. We're a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter. She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a new show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on While Getting Ready, making de Sao or Going to Work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


From NPR at WBEC Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You so much. Now This week we are challenging the new year to be as good as the old one, at least for us. Yes, it's a kind of tough love, but how else is it ever gonna learn? That's right. 2025. Are you going to feature something as delightful as going to Pittsburgh to talk to that city's most beloved native son, super Bowl winning coach Bill Cower?


I think not Our guest today needs no introduction in his hometown of Pittsburgh. Everybody comes up to him and thanks him for his 15 years coaching to hometown team, the Pittsburgh Steelers leading them to their first Super Bowl win in decades, which may be why he had to move to New York. Coach Bill Cower, welcome back to Pittsburgh and welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. So I, I wanna establish something first that I wasn't, I wasn't kidding about that. That after you became the, the hometown hero who took over the team, brought them back to the Super Bowl and won it, it kind of got hard for you to wander around town.


Is that right? Yeah, I mean, So, so you know, I said when I came back here was if I can just make three years, I can go back to my 20th high school class for union as a head coach, my hometown team. And ironically enough that third year we lost in the championship game to the San Diego Chargers and we had to reunion and it was on a boat on the side, the gateway clipper. And I just thought, okay, my wife says, you know, we're not going back. There we're, she goes, you we're not going back there 'cause you're gonna sit there and just be with all your buddies. And then I go, no, no, no, we'll just, we'll just stop and we'll say hi.


Right? Right. So he got on the boat and we start talking. Then the boat took off. So this is set the scene. So this was like a, this is like a three hour cruise. I'm like, oh man, You are stuck in a boat with your high school classmates. And My wife was getting matter and matter and nights going on and then the guys were getting drunker and drunker and tell me all the things I did wrong in the San Diego charger. And they asked me why, oh you think you're too good for us to get us tickets? So everyone wanted tickets. Like, oh, like, like, oh now you can't talk to us anymore. And I, so I was, so I got off the boat. My wife wasn't talking to me and made half the people that were mad. And it was just was, it was kind of put the tipping on the, that year 'cause we lost the championship game to a team we should have beat.


So it was kind of like, that was kind of my career. Yeah. I love the fact that you were yourself a professional football player. You were fearless in the field, but you couldn't handle the Steelers fans in your Face. I was one of 'em at one point. I know what they're about. Oh Yeah. They're the worst. Now you became a coach at a young age. So that means you had to learn quickly what I assume are the essential skills of coaching, which include doing these interviews Yes. On the field sometimes. And after the game in which you managed to say nothing. Right. And so, is there a secret to that? Yes. So ask me a question. I I I know what I want to say and your questions irrelevant. Right? Alright, well we'll try it. We'll try it. I'm gonna ask you 'cause I I'm Gonna ask you 'cause I 'cause I can, I I want to control the narrative.


Alright. Alright. Okay. So I'm gonna, we're gonna test you 'cause I'm gonna ask you a tough question now. Okay, great. In front of this crowd, you're gonna show me how it's done. So I understand you have lived many years now in New York City. Yeah. Is New York better than Pittsburgh? Ooh. You know, one of the greatest things about New York City is the diversity. One of the greatest things about living in Pittsburgh is the upbringing. And when you combine the two of them, you recognize that your core values that you've learned came from the city of Pittsburgh. But yet it was able to allow you to sit there and go to this great city of diversity in New York City with multitudes of people. But it's that grounding that you had in Pittsburgh. It allows you to survive.


How are you not took away? Can I try? Yes. Coach Cower. You have one of the history's great jaws. Is it true that you once opened a can of tuna fish with your jaw? No, but you asked me one more question. I can open up your head. Hey, I'm good. No, we're good. You're good. Well, coach Cower, we are delighted to talk to you and we've invited you here to play a game that we like to play and this time we are calling it Build Cower, meet these cowards. Alright, so you clearly have some guts as you have sown.


So we are going to ask you Bill Cower three questions about people who chickened out. Oh, get too right. You'll win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Coach Cower playing for Josh Smith of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. You got there ready To get ready to go? Yeah. Here's your first question. Robert Ford, or as he is known to history, the coward Robert Ford famously shot Jesse James in the back. He was so widely condemned for that act that he spent the next few years doing What a, finding anyone with the last name James and apologizing to them in case it was a relative b, touring the country with his brother, reenacting the murder live on stage or c allowing people for a 5 cent fee to shoot him in the back with a BB gun.


What? It's hard, isn't It? It is. What was number two? Number Two was he toured the country with his brother reenacting his murder of Jesse James Live on stage number Two, you're gonna Go number two, you have number the second choice. That is correct. That's what he did. They, they didn't have a lot of options for entertainment back then before pro football. Alright, next question. The producer William Castle, made horror movies back in the fifties and sixties. And among his many marketing gimmicks, he once offered customers refunds if his movie was too terrifying for them. So many people took advantage of the deal that Castle finally did. What?


A, he required people present a genuine pair of wetted pants to prove how scared they were. B, make them go to his quote refund office to get it, which he put on the top of a greased a hundred foot pole. Or c forced anyone who asked for that refund to go sit in the coward's corner where a recorded voice would yell, watch the chicken, watch him shiver in Coward's Corner. So weird. I'd say, see? Yeah, that's right. So Not only that, not only That, it's a coward's corner Cowards in a cowards corner.


You can have Cowards Corner in the show if you want. But no, not only did he do that, but in order to get to Coward's corner, you had to walk down a path with the sign cowards keep walking and they had a quote nurse to take your blood pressure. Alright, Last question. You can go for perfect and win it all. Napoleon Bonaparte French Emperor was not known for cowardice, but he did run away once from what? A, a group of school children making fun of him for putting his hand in his jacket like that all the time. B, a hoard of a thousand hungry rabbits. Or CA bunch of taller officers who liked to rest to their drinks on his head.


A A You're gonna go for a, alright, lemme try your style of coaching here. A You think the answer Is a Peter's trying really hard to get you to think. It is not a I'll tell you what B It's B of course. Yes. That was only rabbit. So For, For relaxation one day the emperor went out and was supposed to be, and one of these arranged hunts for aristocrats where they would release the rabbits, but the rabbits who were domestic thought they were gonna get fed. So they rushed the party of hunters and Napoleon and his ue all ran away. Bill, how did Coach Cower do in our quiz?


It's what the charger score should have been three right? For A win. Bill Cower Is the Super Bowl Winning Former coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers. Bill Cower, Thank You so much for Joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me, give it up for the coach. Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the human cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work.


She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast, On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried in yet.


I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where cards control the conversation. Finally, one of my personal highlights of the year was talking to Renee Elise Goldsberry, who I had seen on Broadway in the original cast of Hamilton. She told us that after decades of being a working actor, becoming a huge star on Broadway was a little disorienting. It Was head spinning. And it's also crazy because people would say things to me like, thank God, like we, like I thought my career was great, be before Hamilton.


But it, it just encouraged people, you know, kind of like if you thought you looked good and then you lose weight and people all of a sudden tell you now you look good. I felt like a medium time actor, a really solid medium time actor. And if anyone has watched Girls Five Ever, you know what I mean? Yes. I we can get into that because there's a moment in the finale of season one of Girls Five Ever where somebody says to your character as they offer you some presumably great job for the rest of your life, people in sweatshirts will come up to you in restaurants and ask for a selfie. And I'm like, that's probably true. And I'm very excited. Is that, is that like, is that your life?


Can you go out? It's Not my life all the time. I I always say never, never underestimate how invisible a middle aged black woman can be. So, I mean, do you hear me? Do you hear me? I can hear you. I you can hear me? I hear you and I see you. That's why I needed you to come on. You can see me. Thank You. I seen the girl. I Thank You. How do you think I feel right now? Alright, girls five. Eva is about a girl group from like the early two thousands that broke up and they're trying to get back together in the present day.


And we found out you were actually in a girl group, weren't you? I was. Yes I was. And it's so funny, they make fun of me because I didn't remember that I was in a girl group until we were on Fallon and we had finished shooting the entire first season. That's how long I've been throwing random things against the wall to see if they stick. I could not remember that I was actually in a girl group. And also it was easy to forget because we didn't have one hit, we had no hits. Right. But we were, so, I I, when people say a one hit Wonder Girl group is somehow or another a failure, I'm like, really? 'cause they add that hill. What was the name of, you know, what was the, do you I don't remember. I don't remember the, the name of the group.


I just remember the song that we had. It was, yes you can, and yes you can find you a good man, but when you do, you gotta treat them right. Make sure your love is out of sight now. And I just had no idea how, how, how stereotypical it was to have a one hit that didn't even make it. That was only about how you could treat a man. Right? That's what, that's what we do on Girls Five. Eva, we really like with comedy, just spoof this idea that we are defined by, you know, what we, how, how we make a man feel and we, we take it to a wonderful degree.


We have songs called Dream Lover, dream Girlfriend. 'cause our, 'cause our dads are dead and you never have to meet them. We ask left school like we, we just parody lyrics of that time and it feels so good. Yeah. Well, Renee East Goldsberry, we are so delighted to talk to you and we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling, Hey Goldsberry, let's look for some buried gold. So your name obviously put us in mind of buried Gold, hidden Treasure. We're gonna ask you three questions about the people who search for it. If you get too right, you'll win a prize to one of our listeners, A pirate chest containing a voicemail Bill.


Who is Renee Elise Goldberg playing for Brian Holland of South Hampton, Pennsylvania. Alright, Here we go. In 1979, a man named Kit Williams published masquerade a picture book that was also a complicated puzzle, concealing the location of a real golden treasure buried somewhere in Britain. Now the treasure wasn't discovered until 1982. How did the winner find it? A he just walked up to a random bench in a public park and checked to see if there was anything under it. B, he programmed an Apple two computer to solve it and then just waited three years for it to finish. Or C, he started dating Kit Williams' ex-girlfriend who just told him where it was.


Steve. Yes, that's right. So if you do Want to hide a treasure in a nationwide contest, don't tell your girlfriend where it is. Alright, here's your next question. Tommy g Thompson was a treasure hunter who found the most valuable shipwreck in America ship that had been carrying gold from the California Gold Rush. He then ran away with the treasure and authorities say they found evidence he had been planning to disappear for a while. What did they find? A, A deluxe child's disguise kit with the fake mustache and eye patch missing. B, a book titled How to Be Invisible or C, a series of fake IDs each with the name of a Harry Potter character.


A A you're gonna go for the child's disguise kit with the fake mustache and eye patch. It was actually BA book called How to Be Invisible. And it was apparently, and it Seems so obvious I Deceived that way now. It was a good book 'cause they couldn't find him for two years. And this is what's interesting. They found him back in like 2010 and they still haven't found where he put the gold. So if you're out there, look around. Alright, here's your last question. If you get this, you win. In 20 18, 2 British friends using metal detectors found $250,000 worth of ancient Roman coins.


But they were very disappointed when what happened after that. A, they shipped the coins home on a boat, which sank to be the mayor of Rome. Sued to get them back 'cause they were Roman and he won. Or C, they found out the coins were actually just props from a show about friends who use metal detectors to find gold coins. Steve, see? That's right. Yeah. The TV show is called The Detectorists and it is apparently quite funny. Bill, how did Renee do in our quiz? Two Out of three.


Renee, you're the winner. Yay. Renee Alise Goldsberry Stars on Girls Five Ever on Netflix. It's hilarious. Season three is out now. Renee Alise Goldsberry, what a pleasure. Thank You so much for joining us on T. Tell Me Claim my name. I love it. That's it for our beat, this 2025 edition. We'll see if the new year can live up to the standard set by the old one. But before that, let me tell you that, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WB Z Chicago, an association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goer writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman.


Our tour manager is Shayna Donald BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Rambos and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our big glittery ball descending on Times Square. Our five curator is Emma Choi. Technical direction is from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian GaN and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell me is Mr. Michael Danforth? Thanks to everybody you heard This week, all of our panelists, our special guests, and of course Mr. Bill Curtis. Thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit, so the cards purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X Business Card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X Business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line Podcast from NPR.