
This message comes from Progressive Insurance. Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save when you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states


From NPR and WBEC Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the voice so creamy. You better take some black tape. Tell Curtis is the name and here is your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You though. Thanks everybody. Thank You so much. It's great to be back with you. We do have a great show for you today. Later on we're gonna be joined by Champion Fencer Ibtihaj Muhammad, who is a pioneer in multiple ways.


The first Muslim American woman to win an Olympic medal, the first black woman to win an Olympic medal in Sabre Fencing. And the first celebrity guest I have insisted, come to our show unarmed, but I'm not afraid of you. So Give us a call to play our game in the air. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Now let's s welcome our first listener contestant. Hi you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. It's Andrew from Beautiful British Columbia, Vancouver. Oh, Wait a minute. Oh wow. That right? No, Normally wouldn't one say Vancouver British Columbia or is that like a weird Canadian thing you guys do you say the problem? It's first.


No, no, I, I just got nervous. I'm assuming we can edit that. Alright. What do you do in that beautiful place? Well, I have two kids, one of which we're trying to potty train right now, so in my spare time I, I work in healthcare here locally. Can I ask a question? 'cause I've recently been through this. What do you use, if anything, as a reward for successfully using the potty? We, we tried stickers. High fives seem to work really well. I'm just going for enthusiasm at this point. Yes. I applaud you for touching their hands. That's great. Andrew, it's great to have you on our show. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, a comedian headlining the Plus in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, August 16th and 17th and the hereafter in Seattle September 5th through the seventh.


It's Hurry, KNDA Klu. Next you know her from the Hit TikTok Show Boy Room. It's Rachel Coster. Hi Andrew. Hi Rachel. And making his debut on our panel, if not on our show, a comedian and actor you know, from somebody somewhere on HBO. His new book is called Actress of a Certain Age. It's Jeff Hiller. Hi Andrew High five. Well welcome to the show Andrew. You're gonna play who's bill this time. Bill Curtis is gonna perform for you three quotations from this week's news.


Your job, simply identify or explain two of them you will win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose in your voicemail. Are you ready to go as I'll ever be? Okay, here we go. Your first quote is from an agitated resident of Venice, Italy. This week We can't miss a chance to disrupt a $10 million wedding. What billionaires multimillion dollar wedding is making everyone in Venice mad? Oh wow. I have no idea. Could I get a a hint? Sure you can. Well they considered getting married in the Amazon but that would be too on the nose. Oh Bezos. Yes.


Jeff Bezos. Jeff Bezos. Yes. Jeff Bezos's, longtime girlfriend. Lauren Sanchez is finally gonna make an honest man out of him. You know, it's really kind of hard for me to joke about this 'cause I just love, love. The very big wedding is scheduled for next week in Venice and people there are furious that he's using their ancient city as an event venue. Bezos though has convinced Ms. Sanchez that every single word the crowds are shouting at them is just Italian for Mazeltov. It's really gonna be great when the minister at the wedding says if anybody has any reasons why this couple should not be, wed please join the mob outside Three days.


The wedding's going for three days. Yes. What are they Indian. This is ridiculous. Three days I can't And we all paid for this. We did, yes. We all paid one 16 pack of Charmin at a time. Exactly. You're right. This is why, this is why your fee for prime went up five bucks so he could afford, you know, the extra canopies. I Can't believe he's getting married. I thought he was anti-union. Oh, seems like a total bl. Wow. The Venetians, the Venetians are, you know, up in oars about this and there wasn't an appropriate place to put that joke earlier in the segment.


Strategically Put it here, hoping It could be edited in later. Alright, Here is your next quote. We'll Deliver long distance calling and all American service. That was the Trump organization. Yes. Announcing their brand new $500 gold colored what? Cell phone? Yes. Yes. Their new phone. The Trump phone. Trump is now selling a a phone and wireless service. The phone will be 500 bucks and painted Gold Tech watchers who are trying to piece together the specs on it. Say the battery life won't be great, but that's the price you pay for being an early adopter of the first ever phone that runs on coal being a Trump phone.


It will come with unlimited texting as part of the plan and it will have the first ever keyboard to not have any lowercase letters. It's just so gaudy. My God. I mean also I would never, but still like I would have to say the aesthetics do appeal to me. I think It's extremely fancy. Gold does make my teeth look whiter and my smile brighter. I fell for the stakes. I fell for the college. I fell for the ties.


The Teddy Bear Toy Bank. Yeah, I, I have so much Trump crypto corn, but I'm not getting the phone. Fool Me once then you can do it three more times. But that's it. That's it. Alright, here is your last quote. It's about apparently what is the hut new thing that young people are doing this summer? Get your highlighters ready. That's a headline in the cut about how this summer people are lining up not for concerts or comedy or sporting events, but for what? Reading. Reading, Yes. To study. They're going to lectures.


People Are flocking to bars in cities around the country to listen to lectures. Hey, you wanna get dressed up? Do some Molly and compare the impact of the Coptic in Ass Syrian churches in the fourth century. Oh yes you would. I should have. That Is true. We wrote sticking to the Choir. No, I'm trying to break your hearts. We made that up. That's not happening. I'm sorry. There's one big series in New York called Lectures on Tap that is expanding across the country. Every time they announce a series they sell out. It's taking off as a great summer activity because your lecture body is a lot easier to maintain than your beach body.


This is old news lectures and bars. That's happened for years. They're called Hurry. Bull Comedy shows. Thanks. Are you? Thank You. Are you jealous that there's no, that none of these people who appear in talking bars have any obligation to be funny? I have no obligation to be funny. You do it as charity. Once I Get the check, it's on you. I think as someone who is on the brink of 50 that this sounds amazing and I hope that they start at 3:00 PM and they end by 5:00 PM I hope you still get cool credit for it and you can have like one beer and then just like a water to properly hydrate and then you go home and you get to bed by eight 30.


Yeah, that sounds like a rager to me. And if you really hip and you get invited to the after lecture that's over by nine. Ooh, that's a crazy night In instead of IPAs, are they serving GPAs? Thank You. Thank You very much. I appreciate that. Thank You. As you said already, no obligation to be fun. No Obligation. I'm here. Bill, how did Andrew do in our quiz? Two Out of three, which means he has won. Congratulations. Thank You so much for playing.


Good luck with the potty training and remember they're gonna get it before they go to college. Probably. Probably. Take care. Thank You. Bye-bye. Panel. Now it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Hurry. A new dating service has this amazing innovation. They match people based on their what? Race? No, that's hinge height.


No Blood type. No. Peter, I might need a Hinge. You might. And I have one for you. And yes, it counts even when you're in incognito mode. Rachel's jaw just dropped. She can't believe it, but it's true. They Match it. Your browser history? Yes. Sorry. Oh, these people are sick. They're sick. A new service called Browser dating uses people's last 5,000 internet searches. Oh My God. To find the perfect match for them. Think about the time you will save on a first date when both of you start off knowing in detail exactly what's wrong with each other.


I have never thought like, oh man, I'm looking for a woman that loves to read baseball reference.com for hours at a time. Well, looking up old statistics, but Wouldn't that be great? I mean because the idea is That I want someone who makes me better. That's not bad Coming up. Do not go to Lollapalooza without listening to our bluff The Listener game. First, it's a matter of safety. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from Jackson. Let's face it. Retirement planning can be confusing. At Jackson, we are working to make retirement clear for everyone starting with you. Our easy to understand resources and user friendly digital tools help simplify your entire experience. You can have confidence in your retirement with clarity from Jackson. Seek the clarity you deserve@jackson.com. Jackson is short for Jackson Financial Incorporated. Jackson National Life Insurance Company, Lansing, Michigan, and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York purchased New York.


The Middle East is dominating this week's headlines on Consider this, we dive into what's at stake in a war between Israel and Iran. Plus we take a look back at the Iraq War and lessons from 2003. Listen now to the consider this podcast on the NPR app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Mint Mobile. Summer is just around the corner. You may break a sweat, but don't break the bank. Get your summer savings at Mint Mobile Shop premium wireless plants for just $15 a month. At mint mobile.com/wait. Upfront payment of $45 for a three month five gigabyte plan required New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Haik Kolo, Jeff Hiller and Rachel Coster. And here I get as your host at these two DeBaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page. That's at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Carrie Roberts. I'm calling from North Ogden, Utah, north Ogden, Utah.


A beautiful place. We're actually coming out to Utah at the end of July to do a show in Salt Lake City. We're looking forward to it. What do you do there? I actually work for Weill Cornell Medicine in New York City remotely. I work in the Office of Faculty Affairs. Oh really? So you have you work, you work in New York City, but you live in Utah. That is a pretty good deal. Kerry, welcome to the show. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell Truth from Fiction. Bill, what is Kerry's topic? Bonnaroo la Palooza Summer music festivals are coming up. That's where you go to hear great new bands and play that classic game alcohol poisoning or heat stroke.


But our panelists are gonna tell you about a surprising issue that some music festival attendees this summer will be facing. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win our prize. The wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I'm ready. Let's do it. First, let's hear from Hardy k Blu. Prior to this year's download music festival in Lester Sheer England, local police put out a statement asking fans not to wear smart watches. The problem last year, people moshing while wearing smart watches, triggered the watches collision detectors, which sent out automated emergency 9 9 9 calls. 9 9 9 is the UK version of 9 1 1 because they're less creative than we are In a Facebook post.


The police said the resources restrained because quote, all those calls had to be assessed to ensure there is no threat, risk or harm. Little did they know Moshing means there is lots of threat, risk, and harm, but by choice this request not to wear smart watches was particularly aimed at fans of festival headliners and new metal pioneers corn who are known for their intense mosh pits. Weezer is also playing at the festival, but this is less of a concern considering Mosh pits at a Weezer concert are just nerds bumping into each other and apologizing People going to the download festival in the UK being told to take off their smart watches.


Your next story of Music Festival Michi comes from Rachel Coster Watch Out for Flying Balls says Founders Entertainment after a recent CRA took over Gov Ball, a New York City music festival in June, bored with nothing to do while their girlfriends screamed about hating their exes. At the Olivia Rodrigo concert, groups of young men gathered to practice their three point shoots. We couldn't bring in real hoops at a very drunk Kyle Randall. So we made short Nicks sit on tall Austin's shoulders and we paid him 25 bucks to put his arms out like a hoop. While everyone took turns dunking, the noises from the game were heard Throughout the concert. Videos of rowdy games have gone viral and the risk is high that board boyfriends are getting ready to ball out at festivals across the country.


Security companies in charge of Lollapalooza Riot Fest and more have been worn to look out for deflated balls, tire pumps and combinations of short and tall friends, Board men making basketball hoops while other board guys literally dunk on them. Your last story of a concert concern comes from Jeff Hiller. For the past 26 years, the Peanut Music Festival has celebrated the gift of folk music in the town of Nacodoches Texas. The festival attracts as many as 4,000 people and as the saying goes, 4,000 people is 4,000 buts.


But this year all those butts are posing a problem. Supply chains have greatly affected businesses everywhere and Big Porta potty is no exception. Chemicals used in the blue dyed biocides and portable toilets have become so expensive that the peanut festival can no longer afford to rent. The public utilities. The festival sent an email to ticket holders informing them that there would be no access to PRIs Johns or TURs. They included a map of the nearby wooded areas for quote number ones and encouraged attendees to adopt a low fiber diet in the days before the Festival.


That's a hard ask for the folk music crowd where the average person is 90% Sprouts Festival spokesperson. Tim Dolman commented. People say this is extreme, but come on, this is something literally a baby can do. Alright, So if you're getting ready to go to a music festival this summer, you have to be on the lookout for, what is it from Hari. Klu. Be careful about wearing your smart watch in the mosh pit from Rachel. Be aware of board guys forming basketball hoops. One short guy on top of a tall guy as their friends try to dunk or from Jeff Hiller if you're going to the Peanut Music Festival in Texas, bring your own facilities.


Which of these is the real story of a festival concern we found in the news? I am going to go with Hari's story of the Mosh Pits triggering the smart watches. Alright, The audience seems to agree from the look of them. They've spent a lot of time in mosh pits. Right guys? Yes. Alright, your choice then is Harry's story. Well, to bring you the real story, we spoke to a journalist very familiar with it. The Dynamic of a mosh pit is people running into each other. So I guess it kind of simulates the speed And sudden stop of a crash That was UK based mosh pit documentarian, Christopher Bethel talking about the Smart Watch alerts going off at the Download Festival.


Congratulations. You got it right. Hari was in fact telling the truth. You have won our prize and Hari has earned a point. Congratulations. Thank You. Byebye Watching Dance Flag. Nobody's watching And now the game we call not my job. Ibtihaj Muhammad took up fencing at the age of 13 and went on to become a three-time All-American at Duke University before winning five consecutive world medals in 2016. She was named one of time's most influential people and won a bronze medal at the Rio Olympics.


Where among other things, she became the first American woman to compete and win in a hijab. She is now a sports ambassador and a bestselling author and we hope moonlights as a pirate. Ibtihaj Muhammad, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You so much for having me. I feel like pirate would be fun, but I I, in my mind, I'm more of a bodyguard really? Ooh. You're one of those cool people who's like standing next to whoever the VIP is and nobody even messes with you because you're so intimidating. Really. I'm just like the, like the fierce protector of my mom and my sisters. Well that's cool. Yeah.


I'm always interested in, in the origin stories of very elite athletes. You've said you were inspired to compete early by your older brother who used to challenge you to do things and then beat you all the time. Is that true? At least early on. Right. Well, you know, I'm the middle of five kids and I have one brother and we're only 18 months apart. And it just, I think naturally when you grow up in a large family, things are just naturally competitive. Like we would, you know, race each other in the pool, you know, you wanna get the, the last slice of pizza. Just small things like that where I feel like you're just in like small competition. And I do feel like having an older brother who used to bully me a little bit definitely brought out this fierce competitor from an early age.


Right. Yeah. And I've just outta curiosity, has your brother ever won an Olympic medal in anything? Just checking. I would Love for him to hear that You were good, you were good at a lot of sports, but you gravitated to fencing and how did that happen to be Happened? To be driving past a high school in my hometown and from Maple, New Jersey in the car with my mom and from the road you could see fencers in the school cafeteria and my mom was like, I don't know what it is, but they're covered so I want you to do it. And Really she, wait a minute, she had no idea what they were doing.


They were just wearing head to toe outfits with a mask. You, you're like, that's for you. He thought they were wearing helmets, so that's how little we knew about fencing at the time. But you know, I was a kid who would eventually wear hijab and I really struggled trying to find my space in different sports when I was just always out of uniform in a sense. Yeah. And when I started fencing, it just felt like home from the very beginning. Right. And you, you picked up saber of the three weapons. It is by far the coolest. Am I correct? Oh, Oh, the best for sure. Yeah. I don't even know what the other weapons are. Yeah, Exactly. Who cares about that? There are those guys over there who are pointing, knitting needles at each other for some reason.


All these silly rules. Yeah. Snoozefest Than the other weapons. I've, I, I've, I was once very briefly a very bad fencer and I've known some fencers and invariably they are the most intense athletes I have ever met. Are you one of those fencers who I've seen many times who after every successful point just goes nuts, just like shouts and screams and victory? Are you more of a quiet assassin type? Not in my mind. I'm quiet assassin, but then I watch video and I'm like, oh my god. Oh yeah, that was a bloodcurdling cry there. Yeah. Oh wow. Or like cute mountain lion.


That's how I mean, cute Mountain lion. So they're like charmed as you, like dice them up. I love it. Does that ever, does, does that kind of competitiveness ever cross into the rest of your life? You know, it's, I, I feel like I have like, I don't know if it's like OCD, but I have this, everything has to be perfect and I really struggle when things aren't exactly the way that they're supposed to be. Whether I'm, you know, fencing or, I don't know, mowing the lawn, whatever it is, I really need it to be perfect. I understand. I just imagine you just mowing the lawn and after every row you ha Gotten really into this really To the like lawn mowing.


It's weird. It's one of those weird things that, that's something no one would know about me, but my family, we recently just lost my dad and I'm sorry, I was like, I could pay someone to do it. No, I'll do it. Right. So I keep gone into like lawn mowing. So you're like the, you're the first to get to the lawn. You're the last to leave the lawn. I will say that my parents have the best lawn on the block. I Imagine you, you've, You've earned many medals and other honors, but one of the me most impressive to me is that you were one of the women immortalized as a barbie. I, I'm imagining Do, do you, I I have to assume you have a Barbie of yourself somewhere, right?


Oh man, I have so many of them. Like I was a 10. What if I, I was like, if I have a bunch of kids and my sisters have a bunch of kids, then we need like a hundred Barbies. Yes. And The people from Mattel were like, I'm sorry, excuse me. Well Ibtihaj Muhammad, it is a particular pleasure to talk to you and we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling Take a stab at this. You used to stab people professionally, so we thought we'd ask you about other people taking a stab at something that is trying something for the first time.


Answer two to three questions correctly, you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who is Ibtihaj Muhammad playing for Sean Pratt of Medicine, Wisconsin. Alright, Ready to go. I got this. John. Here You go. Here's your first question. In 2019, a woman in Turkey took a stab at flying for the very first time. It didn't go great though because shortly after she got to the airport, she did what? A sat down in the luggage conveyor belt thinking it would take her to the plane. B got onto the plane and sat down in the first empty seat, she saw the copilots or C drank an entire bottle of vodka in the security line when she was told she couldn't bring it on board.


Well first of all, she's crazy that we know. Assume Got on the conveyor belt, either She got on the conveyor belt, take her to the belt, she sat in the co pot seat or she drank an entire fifth or whatever, a vodka because she couldn't bring it on the plane. I'm so stressed out for her. I'm gonna go with C, You're gonna go with C. That was a little strange, but okay, I'm afraid you all were wrong. You should feel terrible about Yourself. It was actually, I'm speaking to them, it was a A, This is gonna happen. Think about it. She goes, she's never been there before. She goes to the airport, she checks her bags, they take the bag, they turn around, they put it on that conveyor belt that takes it behind the scenes to the plane.


She goes, great, Thank You. She climbs over, gets on it herself. We, we. Alright, you still have two more chances, here we go. Alright, here's your next question. At 18 years old, Brendan Shanahan decided to try professional hockey and one of the first things he did was get in a fist fight against fellow hockey player Rick Vve. Y was it a he'd heard of the first thing you're supposed to do in a hockey game is find the biggest guy on the rink and punch him in the nose. B, because Rick Vve had just broken up with his older sister or C, because four years earlier he had asked V for an autograph and Vve had refused Thing about hockey.


See It was C. He Had asked babe for an autograph. Babe says, get away from me kid. And the next thing you know it's five years later they're on a rink somewhere and he gets punched in the face. Alright, That C sounded so aggressive. I feel like I had to say CI know. I don't know what that would've done if you hadn't chosen that so you were wise. Alright, one more question. If you get this right, you win. Oh my gosh. Such People should not be alone for the first time when they try getting high. Like one woman who started texting all her friends about what A, how crate and barrel should be called barrel and crate B, how really good it feels to put a wet Q-tip up your nose.


C about how sorry she was for thinking mean things about all of them, which she proceeded to list. Oh. Oh, I see. I hear B. Does the panel have anything to say? Yes. B, I just heard it in my, I just heard it in my ear. Alright, Let's go with B and we'll send Sean home with some. You are right, It's B, But I also could have guessed in real life. Yeah, it does feel good to do that. Bill, how did Ipti Hajj do in our quiz? He Is a perfectionist, so she got two out of three, which is a wit Congratulations.


One more for your trophy case. What a thrill to talk to you. Ibtihaj Muhammad is a retired US Olympic fencer, the founder of Luella by Ibtihaj and the author of three bestselling children's books. More info about all the things that she does can be found at Ibtihaj Muhammad dot com. Ibtihaj Muhammad, what a joy to Talk to You. Thank You for joining us. Congratulations on everything you've done and we'll look for even more. Take care. Thank You. Thank You. Bye-bye. In just a minute, the scariest shower scene since psycho in our listener Limerick challenge, call one triple eight.


Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from Lisa. Lisa meticulously designed their mattresses for exceptional comfort and support. Visit lisa.com for 30% off mattresses and a free sleep bundle. Plus get an extra $50 off with promo code NPR.


The House of Representatives has approved a White House request to claw back two years of previously approved funding for public media. The Rescissions package now moves on to the Senate. This move poses a serious threat to local stations and public media as we know it. Please take a stand for public media today@goapr.org. Thank You.


This message comes from Lisa. Lisa has several different mattress models to choose from, each designed for a specific sleep positions and feel preferences and using the highest quality materials they meticulously design and assemble their mattresses in America. For exceptional comfort and support, visit lisa.com for 30% off mattresses and a free sleep bundle. Plus get an extra $50 off with promo code NPR. That's LEES a.com. Promo code NPR


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Rachel Coster, Jeff Hiller and Harry Klu. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel, I sound so mysterious all of a sudden in just a minute, like limericks, you haven't come to the right place, you've come to the only place. If you'd like to play the Listener Limerick challenge, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4.


Now it's time for a game. We call the Trump Dump new poll edition as nothing of any significance is happening in the world right now. This week the president held an elaborate public ceremony to show off 2 88 foot tall flagpoles he's had installed at the White House. So we're gonna ask you some questions about this monumental event, rapid fire, true, false, right? For each right answer, you get a point. Ready to go? Yeah. Here we go. Hurry. True or false? On Tuesday, president Trump said quote, these are the most magnificent polls ever made. God, it's true. Right, Rachel? True or false, he then praised the polls for being tall.


True, true. Yes, Jeff? True or false? On Wednesday he told reporters, quote, these are the best polls anywhere in the country or the world. Oh my God, it's true. Yes. Hurry. True or false? As workers installed the flagpoles, he said, quote, it's such a beautiful pole. It's true. Yes, it's true. Peter, Rachel, true or false, he watched construction workers install the poles for almost an entire hour. True? Yes, Jeff? True or false, the placement of the new polls makes it possible for the presidential helicopter to land on its normal location. False.


Exactly right. The polls make it impossible for Marine one, the presidential helicopter to land in its normal location on the White House lawn. No one knows where they are now going to land that helicopter, but that's okay because we have two great polls. Oh, they're beautiful. Poll the best in the world. Beautiful polls. Thanks for playing the Trump Dump super poll edition right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Hurry. A corporate exec writing to the New York Times business advice column said that a job candidate recently brought his what to a job interview snake.


No child. Yes, actually, but not just his entire family. It's not a hiring manager was shocked when a potential employee brought, quote, their spouse and several children to a job interview. Imagine looking to hire someone and walking into the conference room and seeing 12 family members all wearing matching t-shirts saying Gerald's 30th job interview. I mean, if you, if you were to say, I really need this job. Yeah, I guess my family, I guess having your family there could help you with some of the questions like when you're asked what your biggest weakness is, you can just point at your worst child.


I mean, if I were the interviewer, I would, I would do it. I would feel guilty. You really? Yeah. I've got hungry mouths. Not just at home, but also right here to feed. Yeah, sure. I'd be like, oh, take my money. Yeah, you're hired. Yeah. All of you are hired. Yes. Because you're a good person. Yes. And I also believe in child labor. Have you guys actually had the classic job interview where you've dressed up and gone in and chatted with somebody? Yes. Yeah. One time I had a job interview and the woman pulled up my Twitter because it was a PR company and whatever my last tweet was about was like something about farting or something and I didn't get the job.


I think it was also like some political stuff that she disagreed with, which honestly I stand by what I said. But I'm just going to point out you don't what it dunno what she said. I was like, everyone should get it going. Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can come down and see us here most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, or catch us on the road this summer. We'll be in Salt Lake City, July 31st and at Tanglewood in western Massachusetts on August 28th.


Woo. Woo indeed. Woo indeed. My friend. For tickets and information to all of our live shows, go to npr presents.org and if that's somehow still not enough of us, well find us on TikTok. We're at Wait, Wait. NPR hire you on. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hi everybody, this is Nina from Point Pleasant Beach, New Jersey. Oh, The at the Jersey Shaw, right? Yeah. That's Great. What do you do there? I am the director of outreach for the Bargate Bay Partnership, which is one of 28 national estuary programs in the country designated to restore, educate, and protect about estuaries of national significance.


Wow. That was the most well practiced answer I've ever gotten. Very impressed. I have no more que I have no more questions. You passed. Thank You. Go away. Well, welcome to the show Nina. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on just two of the limericks, you'll be a winner. You ready to go? Let's Do it. Let us do it. Here is your first limerick, The receiver's. Good. You'll understand. Fine. It's no smartphone, but better than hand signs. When you type with your thumbs, you get stressed out and dumb.


So instead, we are installing a land Line Landline. Yes. Parents of preteen, kids who are worried about the downside of smartphones, but still want their children to be able to talk to their friends, have found an innovative solution. It's a, it's a remarkable kind of telephone that supports voice to voice communication. And even better, it's chained to the wall so they can't go anywhere. The kids don't know how much they are going to love actually talking on the telephone. 'cause it's kind of unsatisfying to go. You stop texting first. No, you stopped texting first. First. No, you stopped texting first.


I just had like a million flashbacks of my parents picking up the phone or my dad, like reprimanding who was on the other end. Like you say please. When you wanna speak to my son. I, I, I just, I don't know if I wanna, well actually no, I wouldn't be reliving it. I'd be the father, right? Oh yeah. I'm into this idea. Okay. Alright. Here is your next limerick. When the world starts to make a big racket, I zip up in a snug puffy packet. Soft sounds from my hood. Make my rim cycle good. I nap well with the help of this Jacket.


Jacket, yes. It may look like a normal giant puffer code, but it is the ZZZN sleep apparel system. A jacket designed to help you go to sleep anywhere you happen to be. And no, it is not just a normal parka with all the pockets filled with ambient. So this high tech sleep system has built in audio and lighting to lull you to sleep still awake. No worries. Call Customable support and the company will send someone over to knock you out. The old fashioned. Well It it looks like a jacket. Yes. And it keeps you warm the way a jacket would. It Does, Yes. But it has lots of wires in it. It does. I don't know about all this. Yeah, I dunno.


Well, it, it does help you sleep by creating a, a very quiet environment because the moment you put it on, everyone stays 20 feet away from you. Sweat cocoon. Alright, here is your last limerick In hot drizzle. You rinse for an hour. So your bladder walls weaken their power before grabbing soap. Use the toilet. You dope. It's unhealthy to pee in the Shower, right? That's right. I'm sorry to tell you. Experts say the thing that 40% of people admit to doing and a hundred percent of people actually do is bad for your bladder health. Doctors say that peeing in the shower eventually trains your bladder to just automatically empty when you hear the sound of spraying water.


Now, you might think that's ridiculous, right? No, it couldn't be the case. But then you're at the hair salon and the stylist says, lean back over the sink so we can wash your hair. And all of a sudden you have to double the tip. What do you, what do you do when you have to go and you're in the shower? Are you supposed to like aim it at the toilet from the sh turn Off the water? Here's silence. Yeah. And then turn it back on once you've gone. I suppose that's Ridiculous. I was worried It was gonna be something about like standing up, but No, it's just like Pavlovian. Yeah. Remember you, I mean, we're training your bladder and you don't wanna do that. But on the other hand, what if you train your bladder to shake and roll over and maybe fetch Bill? How did Nina do in our quiz?


Oh, she got 'em. All right. Congratulations. Thank You. Take Aaron. Thanks for playing. Alright, Thank You guys. Bye-bye. Bye.


These days there is a lot of news. It could be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR as a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, the backstory, an analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR.


Decades ago, Brazilian women made a discovery they could have an abortion without a doctor thanks to a tiny pill. That pill spawned a global movement helping millions of women have safe abortions regardless of the law. Hear that story on the network from NPRs embedded and Futuro Media wherever you get your podcasts.


On the plus side, you get sponsor free listening to over 25 NPR podcasts. On the minus side, you get fewer chances to tap. Fast forward on your podcast player. On the plus side, you get to support something you care about. On the minus side, you like challenges and think this makes it too easy. So why don't you join us on the plus side of things with NPR Plus Learn more and sign up@plus.npr.org.


Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players has 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Hari has five. Rachel and Jeff each have four. All right. Hari has five. Okay. Rachel and Jeff are tied for second, and you guys are gonna go first. I'm gonna arbitrarily pick Rachel. Here we go. The clock will start when they begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, Israel launched an airstrike against a nuclear facility in blank Teran In Iran. Yeah. And Monday the Supreme Court upheld Tennessee's ban on blank, affirming care for trans youth Affirming gender affirming gender Affirming care. Right? This week NASA said that a giant asteroid has a chance of hitting the blank in 2032.


Earth. No, sadly the moon. Okay, This week, This week, a monkey in, I Just start saving. This week a monkey in Hong Kong was caught on camera destroying blank cameras. No destroying a sign. Warning people not to feed the monkeys On. On Tuesday, the Senate passed an act aimed at regulating Bitcoin and other blanks. Crypto, Right, cryptocurrencies. According to a new lawsuit, weight loss drugs like blank are causing vision loss. Wegovy? Yes, and Ozempic. This week, the head of a waste management company in Sweden once called the Queen of Trash, is headed to prison because she took the trash. She was in charge of disposing and blanked.


Sold it. No, she just left giant piles of it all over Sweden. Bad Girl, bad Girl. On Tuesday, Reba Vanko, who called herself the queen of trash, was convicted on 19 counts of environmental crimes. Prosecutors called her waste management business, a pyramid scheme, and they're right in that. The giant trash piles she left all over Sweden were kind of pyramid shaped. Bill, How did Rachel do in our quiz? Four. Right? Eight more points total to 12. Rachel, you did well. You're in first final. All right, Jeff. P God. Jeff, you're up next. Here we go. Fill in the blank. Okay. According to a new report, by 2034, blank will not be able to pay out full monthly benefits. Social security.


Right. During a routine test, another one of blank's, rockets exploded on the launchpad. SpaceX, right This week, Brad Lander, city comp controller, and one of the mayoral candidates in blank was arrested by ice. Oh, true. No, in the, I'm looking for blank. Oh, name of the city. Oh, New York. Right. On Tuesday, over 200 people waiting for aid in blank were injured by Israeli Fire Palestine in Gaza. Yeah. This week a game of disc golf in South Carolina was interrupted when a blank fell from the sky and onto the course. An asteroid? No, A shark. Oh, what? You know what? Shame on me.


Shame on me. On Tuesday, the owner of the LA Dodgers agreed to buy majority ownership of the LA Blanks for $10 billion. Lakers? Yes, the Lakers. Oh. According to a new study, regularly, smoking blank may be worse for your heart than cocaine. A marijuana. Marijuana. Right? This week, a man in Texas was shocked to discover that his ex had secretly blanked after they broke up. Died. No. Had secretly married him after they broke up. According to police, the woman somehow convinced a pastor to certify a wedding certificate without the man being there, which she then filed with the county clerk. So they're married. The man only found out about it because his wife mailed him a copy of the marriage certificate.


Along with this is true, a gift bag from Bath and Body Works Insult to injury. I know. Bill, how did Jeff do in our quiz? Jeff, this is hard to believe for a newbie, but you got six, right? 12 more points. Six 16. Put you in the So How many that does hurry? Need to win? Six. Go for it. Hurry. Here We go. Six to win. Here we go. Hurry. This is for the game. On Thursday, president Trump once again delayed the ban on social media app blank. TikTok, Right This week, the National Weather Service warned of record breaking temperatures as a blank dome covers the US Heat.


Heat Dome. Yes, heat dome. On Monday, a recall order was placed on some brands of ready to eat fettuccine Alfredo linked to a blank outbreak, e coli listeria. After multiple thefts of their street signs, residents of Blank Road in the UK are demanding police take action. Abby, No Daddy Hole Road. On Tuesday, the Florida Panthers one their second consecutive blank cup. Stanley Cup cheated. He Cheated. Later on Tuesday, the Florida Panthers cracked and dented their blank cups Stanley Cup, right? Following a number of dangerous incidents, a shopping center in the UK has imposed a speed limit on blank shopping cards, no mobility scooters.


After a shocking number of collisions and near misses, the Idle Well Shopping center in the UK announced a four mile an hour speed limit on all mobility scooters. I can't wait until someone's caught speeding, tries to make a run for it, and a chase breaks out between a mobility scooter and a security guard doing a brisk walk. Squawk. Bill did Hurry. Do well enough to win. He Got four rights for eight more points. Total of 13. Jeff is the winner. Oh my goodness. First time's good charge. Wow. You know, I'm the first one here and I'm the last one to leave. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict what will be Jeff Bezos's favorite wedding present.


But first, let me tell you, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Car Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goer writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the studio Bakker Theater. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Dobos and Lillian King. Special thanks to Mohamed El Shaky and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our flagpole installer. Emma Choi is our vibe curator, technical Directionist from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Schlock and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't Tell me. Is Michael Danforth now panel? What will be Jeff Bezos's favorite wedding present he gets next week.


Ha. Knda Blu A prenuptial agreement for his first marriage. Ooh, Rachel Coster. He's going to get his first kiss. Aw. And Jeff Hiller, a Space trip for the boys. Well, if any of that happens panel, we will ask you about it. On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks also To Rachel Coster And Jeff Hiller. And thanks to all of you listening, I'm Peter Segel. We'll see.


This is NPR.


This message comes from Better Help. June is Men's Mental Health Month and every year 6 million men in the US suffer from depression. If you're feeling overwhelmed, better Help can make asking for help easy. Visit better help.com/npr today.


As conflict spread across the Middle East, it can be hard to keep up with important developments. Stay on top of the world with the State of the World podcast. From NPR with journalists across the Middle East and around the globe. We get you caught up on what matters. In just a few minutes, listen to State of the World from NPR every weekday.


Are you looking for the inside scoop on Virginia politics? Well, they'll tune in to the Virginia Press room, a new podcast from the Virginia Public Access Project and VPM. Every Monday morning we'll be joined by top reporters from the Virginia Press Court to break down this week's biggest headlines and give you a sneak peek at what's coming next. Listen to the Virginia Press room from VA and VPM, part of the NPR network.