
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I must be a dumb thing you said at a party because you can't stop thinking about me. I'm Bill Curtis And here is your host at these Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You so much. We have such a useful show for you today because we are gonna be talking to an absolute rockstar of the economics world, Austin Goolsby. Now he last appeared on our show to explain tariffs back in 2018 and compared them at the time to unclogging your kitchen sink with an explosive.


Now I don't know enough to tell you if that was accurate, but immediately after that he was put in charge of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. So we are gonna wait for him to come on with an appropriate metaphor for this situation. But in the meantime, we want to hear from you. The number to call is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Jen Ainsley. Colleen from New York City. I'm in Harlem. You're in Harlem, New York City. Well, that's fabulous. That's a great neighborhood. What do you, What do you do there? I'm an executive admin to the president of a luxury fitness company.


A Luxury fitness company. Ooh, I'm just imagining, I'm imagining what the culture in the office must be like. Does everyone wear spandex all the time? And do you have meetings while people are like on their exercise bikes? Oh, absolutely. Do you ever just wanna come in wearing baggy pants and just sit there and eat yodels? I won't tell about the secret snack closet that I have. Okay. Well it's great to have you with us, Jen. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, he's a reporter for the Washington Post, where he writes the fabulous style memo newsletter. It's Shane O'Neill. Well, hello Jen.


How are you? Hi everyone. Hi Jane. Hi. Next you know her from her TikTok show Boy Room. It's Rachel Koster. Hi Jen. You sound strong. And an actor and writer who can be seen in the show. Two Square on Thursday, April 24th at the UCB Theater in New York. It's Peter Gross. Hi. Hi Peter. So Jen, welcome to the show. You're of course gonna play who's Bill. This time we start the show with Bill Curtis performing for you three quotations in this week's news. Your job, of course, correctly identify or explain just two of them. Do that. You will win our prize. Any voice from our show, you might choose for your voicemail. Ready to go? Very ready. Let's do it. Here We go. Your first quote is from a financial specialist giving his careful analysis of the economy This week.


This is bonkers. Everything went bonkers This week after President Trump couldn't seem to make up his mind about what The tariffs. The tariffs. That's right. This week the president continued his economic strategy of chaos and capriciousness with short breaks for insider trading. The markets cratered, recovered and then they cratered again. The Dow Jones went in directions we didn't know it could. It went up, it went down, it went left, then it went Directly at you. The tariffs so far have been terrible for financial traders, consumers, farmers, basically everybody except people who make graphs.


Great. Great era for Graphs. Have were you guys freaking out all week? I have not invested at this time. I understand. Oh my gosh. I Can't wait to have some money to put in there. Yeah, you, when things chill out, You keep your retirement account in like a half filled out, frequent customer card for Starbucks. That's your investment. There's Maybe 20 bucks in there. Yeah, I understand. Reports say that Trump decided to reverse himself on the tariffs after he saw people on Fox News saying the tariffs were really bad for the markets. He gets all his, all his ideas from tv. That's why he insisted Don Junior and Eric at separate bedrooms after he watched the White Lotus.


I was waiting in TSA for 25 minutes today. On the way here. Yeah. And so I started making small talk with some gentlemen with me and the guy in front of me was like, oh yeah, I work in finance. And I was like, oh, quite a week. And he went, Well, When people buy or people sell, I still get a commission. And I was like, oh my God, there's someone I can hate more than the TSA right now. It's never happened before. That's hilarious. Good for him. The tariffs remain, prices will go up and many Americans are stockpiling certain goods already among them. This is all true European brands of cat food. Seaweed. Ew. If you're Buying European brands of cat food, you deserve to lose a ton of money.


Absolutely. My cat won't eat anything but ew. Elon Spanish iberico cat food. Yes. I think you've never met my Aunt. She would go, I think that's true. Absolutely broke into debt. Buying. Buying European cat. What's Wrong with like, I don't know, Frisky Shiba. Yeah, exactly. I'll tell you what mints. I'll tell you what A lot. Alright Gent, your next quote is from a scientist in the news This week. Holy crap. That's the first time in 12,000 years that this species has Howled. He was responding to the announcement that geneticists have brought back a long extinct type of what?


Dire Wolf. Yes. The dire wolf is back if you've never seen a dire wolf, just picture a wolf. But it's much bigger and never should have been bought back from extinction. They claim, they claim to have brought this extinct, prehistoric animal, the dire wolf back from extinction. It's news that has many Americans asking, can we shoot it now? A Dire wolf is like bigger and stronger and more powerful than a regular wolf. Pretty much. How did It go extinct. How like isn't that against the all Of Well, here's the funny thing. Evolution. So many animals went extinct around 12,000 years ago, which is when the dire wolf apparently went extinct because we humans ate them.


Oh. Which is not the case with the dire wolf. What happened with the dire wolf? So many other predators went extinct because we ate their food. Basically the last major mass extinction happened because of some human being going, are you gonna finish that? Well hopefully we can learn our lesson and eat these new dire Wolf. Exactly. You have to say, well why did they choose a dire wolf when they're really cool animals? They could bring back like the 12 foot tall giant sloth or the huge carnivorous. And these are very real terror birds. I think they made a good choice. Scientists are Cowards. I know, but they brought back. They did. They they. They brought back the dire wolf because of Game of Thrones, which featured dire wolves rather prominently made them famous guys that show also had dragons in it.


What are we thinking? Why can't they make more of the buff guy? Just some of my friends are asking the One buff guy. I do not believe. I mean I'm not sure, but I do not believe Jason Maoa is extinct yet. We could always go for a couple more. Okay. Alright. Jen, your last quote is from the New York Post. They're not looking for love. They're looking to file. The post was writing about a new survey that suggests one in three singles have used a dating app to find someone to help them do what? Someone to find an accountant. Yes. They're looking for someone to help with their taxes on the dating apps.


Young people are flocking to the apps seeking not love, but the opposite of love. An accountant. And if you happen to be an accountant or tax expert and your hinge date just showed up with a shoebox full of receipts, she may not want you for your body. Ooh. You look so taxi. I think boys are an incredible resource. And if you're using dating for anything other than to learn information, then you're missing part of the point. They can be so helpful. And so I, I just broke up with someone before we enter a recession, do you know how many questions I'm gonna have to send to my dad instead? That's Such a bummer. You Think boys are a good source of information? I think they're incredible. Girl. We know different boys.


This is this information. The survey was from the dating app Hilly, which asked more than 2000 users if they would look for a date who could help with their taxes. The third of them said yes. Also, another third, I guess not the same third said they find people who do their own taxes sexier than people who hire an accountant. Right. That's a little bit of a contradiction. So if you're in a date this weekend, the right thing to say is, well, I do my own taxes of course and I'd be happy to do yours, but you're too beautiful to need that. See, people who do their own taxes are also sexier because they're probably like in a lot of trouble with the law, which is always hot.


Really? And you're on the run. That is so, I mean, I know Wait, Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I, I know, I know that that bad boys have always had an appeal to women. Then you're telling me that a bad boy is someone who does his own taxes and might not have all the receipts. Yes. No. It's like you picture a guy who's like, listen Rachel, I can't stay. I'm on the run. I killed three people in Idaho also. Also April 15th is coming up. But I have to finish my taxes. I'm listening. I don't mean to take air out of this, but like is this, I mean, when I was waiting tables, once I went on a date with a customer I didn't like, 'cause I knew he had a hot tub. I mean, what's the difference here? You know it all comes out in the wash in the end.


Right, Exactly. Bill, how did Jen do in our quiz? Well, she can check off a perfect score. Well Done Jen. Congratulations. Thank You. Right now panel, it's time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Shane, A new study should be encouraging to all the single folks out there while being married, we all know does enhance your happiness and wellbeing. It turns out you can get the same boost from what Sherbert you have to say. It's true. I'm guessing you do. She, I don't know if that wasn't the result.


Absolutely. No, not Sherbert. You can get the same boost of being married as having a pet. Yes, exactly right. Researchers in Britain just found that these psychological benefit of owning a dog or cat is basically the same as what you get from marriage. And of course pets would be way better than marriage if you didn't have to pick up your dog's poop. Or I guess if you did have to pick up your husband's, I mean, I've let my cat do my taxes for the Last 10 years and I would never buy a human being European food.


That's all I'm saying. You want Nutella honey? Find another Husband coming up. It's a collectible bluff. The listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't on me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Support for NPR in the following message. Come from GoodRx looking for relief from allergies this spring. Pay as little as $15 for common allergy medications with GoodRx. Plus find savings on everyday prescriptions for you and your family. GoodRx lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find discounts of up to 80%. And even if you have insurance or Medicare, GoodRx may beat your copay price stop allergy season in its tracks. Go to GoodRx dot com slash wait


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Peter Gross, Rachel Koster and Shane O'Neill. And here again is your host at these to DeBaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. Thank You so much. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi. You on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi. This is Rachel from Maple Grove, Minnesota. Maple Grove. That's a suburb of the Twin Cities, right?


It is, Yeah. And What do you do there? I work in HR technology. HR technology. So Yeah, it's like the good parts of hr. I don't have to deal with people, just Computers. I see. So it's like it's the best part of human resources 'cause you're not dealing with any humans. Exactly. You just get to do the resources and that's the best part. I get it. Okay. You work in R. Well welcome to the show. Well welcome to the show Rachel. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Rachel's topic? Collect them all. Who doesn't love a collection? Star Wars, figurines, stamps, the still beating hearts of those you've vanquished.


Our panelists are gonna tell you about a new collectible out there. One we hadn't heard of before. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win our prize. The voice of your choice on your voicemail. Ready to play? Yep. Okay. First let's hear from Shane O'Neill. Boomers traded baseball cards. Millennials traded Pokemon cards. Gen Z traded their childhoods for a lifetime spent on algorithmically driven social media platforms. But Gen Alpha has a new hobby trading O Gson cards. What are OGs San Cards? Why they're trading cards featuring middle-aged men. Eddie mra, the Secretary General of the Sidedo Show Community Council was looking for a way to bridge the town's generation gap.


The obvious solution create trading cards featuring local men. Incredibly it worked. The Sidedo Show Community council just can't meet the demand of local youth eager to trade. Mr. Honda. A 74-year-old fire chief for Mr. Takita, an 80-year-old soba noodle maker. The most coveted card is Mr. Fuji, a 68-year-old former prison guard who has become so popular that local children are asking him for his autograph. As of now, there are no plans to expand the trading card game to include the town's middle-aged women, presumably because no female inside O show or the world would want to be involved in something this stupid.


The kids in the town in Japan are collecting trading cards with the middle-aged men of the town on them. Your next collectible chronicle comes from Rachel Koster After their Xbox exploded at a sleepover. A group of 11-year-old boys from Syosset, New York resorted to watching an old Sherlock's home DVD, which caused a new obsession. That is a huge mystery to their parents. The six boys who attended Frankie Giovanni's 11th birthday party have begun collecting tobacco pipes and smoking jackets. Each boy has amassed dozens of velvet silk and satin jackets. Their fresh new lifestyle has begun to interfere with their extracurriculars.


Frankie missed his soccer game because he was weeping over the beauty of an IMEs handkerchief said Rebecca Giovanni. Kevin wouldn't come down for his dyno nuggets because he was in a bidding war for the jacket from Scarface. Said Tony Farinas mother. Trish the boys now a shoe playground. Time to gather in their finest velvet suits, holding unlit pipes and discussing their bones growing weary. The turbulent market and the long forgotten days of third grade Boys collecting the ACC Mall of the edu. Edwardian era pipes and smoking jackets. Your last new collection comes from Peter Gross, The latest Faab, the sweet rural America.


Everyone's crazy for cheese wax. 11-year-old Celine Duchamp and her family moved to the small town of cold water Ohio from everyone France, where baby belt cheese, those little round red spheres of wax covered cheese is made. She was Trey homesick. So her classmates bought saline 100 wheels of baby bell as a welcome gift. She gleefully gorged the cheese and after the constipation cleared up, she thanked her new friends by stringing the used wax together to make them jewelry, necklaces, hoop earrings and clunky bracelets that would've made Mrs. Roper proud. In the conservative small town, the trend caught on with lightning speed and soon everyone was collecting baby bell wax and making red plastic jewelry, hats, bags, and even dresses. Which one girl wore to the spring dance This week where she was crowned queen kids in nearby towns have started doing it too and it's led to a full blown red wax panic.


Parents are in an uproar. Lo local politicians are furious. And a Presbyterian preacher got so angry he tried to forbid everyone from dancing. And wait a second, that's actually foot loose. Alright, Somewhere out there, somebody is excited. Somebody's excited about a new collectible. Was it from Shane O'Neill? The kids in a small Japanese town who were all collecting and trading the cards depicting the middle, middle-aged and older men in their town with other stats in the back, I presume from Rachel Koster, a town in Long Island where a bunch of boys are all really into smoking jackets.


Or from Peter Gross, a town in Ohio where everybody's collecting those wax rinds from little baby bell cheeses. Which of these is the story of a new collectible we read about in the news? You know, I think it has to be the baby bell wax. I just feel like that's something I would've done as like a 12-year-old. So you, you can see yourself as a 12-year-old, just like going, mom, I just need more of that baby bell throwing away the cheese, keeping the wax. Well, to bring you the real story, we spoke to a reporter covering it. The community center actually created the cards to be just collectible. But it was the kids who added the battling aspect.


That was Andrew Cordle of the Good News Network, talking about the collectible old man cards in the town in Japan. So even though Peter's idea was delicious and tempting to me as well, sadly he was lying to you and Shane was telling the truth. So sadly you didn't win, but you earned a point for Peter and the right to go out and have some baby bell whenever you want it. Oh good. Thank You. Well thanks for playing. Take care. Bye-bye. And now the game we call not my job, Austin Goolsby was chair of Barack Obama's Council of Economic Advisors and then he became a professor at the University of Chicago.


And in 2022 became the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, which we assume means he's in charge of finally winning the war with the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. We thought it'd be a great time to hear from somebody who can tell us what the hell is going on. So Austin Gouldsby, welcome back to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yeah, it's great to see you again. Great to be with you again. So I guess I'll just start with this. How was your week? It was a bumpy week, wasn't it? It was a little bit a a little bit. This is a day or a week or a month or a year or This is a life of the Fed. You know, the Fed was invented coming out of a panic of 1907.


So we've been dealing with financial stability and market chaos and cleaning up messes for, for a long, long time. So as I said, you were named to be president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. What does that mean exactly? What do we do all day? Well, exactly, I still ask myself that question. There's five functions of the Fed and i I to kind of think of it as being on your hand. The at the base is monetary policy. It's the opposable thumb. It's what separates us from the animals. And we have a research department. We go every six weeks or so to to Washington DC for the federal open Market committee.


The shades come down, there's a giant table and they go around the room and it's kind of, I don't know, it's kind of paradise if you're an econ nerd. Alright, Let, let me, let me interrupt. So I understand that there are 12 federal reserve banks and some of them, some of you presidents get to be in that open markets committee and that's like this weird arcane thing where you meet and everybody stands outside like you're naming a new pope and then there's No, there's no pope and there's no fires. But other than that, yes. That's pretty much how it is. And then, And then the, and then the head, his ray Finds in it. 'cause he was so good at that. Yeah. And then, and then the, and then what always happens is the head of the Federal Reserve comes out and he announces that if you're gonna raise or lower or leave interest rates alone.


Yeah, pretty much. And now everybody sits around the table. There are boards of the board of governors are political appointees and they're at the Washington DC Fed. And then 12 of the 19 people around the table are from the 12 reserve banks. The Chicago district's kind of hard of the Midwest. It's most all of Iowa, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan. I feel a little regional pride. Do, do you guys get into like rivalries? Like, you know, you start oh, try To load old majorly Like, like gimme an example of like how you, how you guys, like how you would talk trash with like the head of the Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank say Yeah, The, the head of the Atlanta Federal Reserves Raphael boss, he's the old threaten of mine.


And he wasn't fact the guy that Yeah, but He's not here, man. Like, say something. So you talk about him. When I was applying for the job, actually, he's the first guy I called. I said, what do you do all day? You know, tell, tell me about this job. I try, when I go to make my statement, I try every meeting to come with some receipts about why we're the greatest district in, in America like that something on the order of 90% of the pumpkins grown in America are grown within a 100 mile radius of Peoria, Illinois. And that's insane. So if we have a meeting, if we have a meeting around Halloween, you bet I'm trotting that one out and then I'll tro out again.


Well, man, Austin's going on about the pumpkins again. Yeah, No, they roll their eyes. There's no question. All right. I I have no problem with that. When you Ask a personal Question, you may go ahead please, Mr. Goolsby. I just, I'm sorry. I'm sure you're tired of people asking this, but just in light of the tariffs and everything that's happened This week, should I buy or sell my Beanie Babies? Please Say bye. It's All about the price. What can you get for 'em? Exactly. Well, it's also an emotional commitment, really. I I we, we did in fact want to talk to you about what's going on. You may remember that when you joined us back in 2018, we, we asked you if you could explain what tariffs were and how they worked. And you gave it this wonderful metaphor of using a tariff to fix your economy is like using an explosive to clear a c clogged drain and that you may get good results.


And my Aunt Trina's lasagna, I Remember exactly. It was amazing. And so, so if your Aunt Trina's lasagna was sufficient to explain the relatively low tariffs that were, that President Trump was putting in place, then what would be adequate to explain what he's doing now? Well, look, the, at, at that last, the last time we talked about tariffs. Yes. I forgot to give my anina any warning, right. That I had talked about. Yeah. All her friends began calling her and they said, was it, is it true or lasagna? She was like, I thought it was a pot roast, you know, but basically Confirm, oh, that's a huge mistake.


I mean, those Are two, If you, if you're looking at a pot roast recipe and lasagna comes out, you need to read that recipe. But now, I mean, instead of, I mean I'm guessing, and and maybe you can't speak about it 'cause of your position now, but I'm guessing like instead of Trina's lasagna being stuck in the pipes, now it's Trina, she's down there, nothing else is going down. What what the way you've phrased it is right Peter. And that is when you become a sworn member of the Federal Reserve, you don't have to sacrifice your Aunt Trina. No, but you are out of the fiscal policy business. So Congress and the president in their wisdom, can do anything.


They want wisdom. I would say the, the Chicago Fed motto is like the Chicago city motto. There is no bad weather. There is only bad clothing. You tell us the conditions, we pick the jacket and we, and we get on with Right. The Fed, you call the Fed. The fed is who you call when it's like clean up aisle three. And we go out and we clean it up. Right. And if it's peanut butter, it's different than if it's milk. But basically our job is, is to weigh in there. Well Austan GULs me, it's always so great to talk to you. You make economics far less dreary, but we have invited you. It's not dreary at all. What, what?


How could you say that? That's what I mean. That's what I mean. It's your enthusiasm that does it for us. But we have invited you here to play a game. We are calling GULs Me GULs be shopping. So we're thinking about your name Austin Ghouls be, and we wondered GULs be GULs be what? Shopping G of course. Shopping GULs be shopping. And where Would Ghouls be? Shopping Spirit Halloween. Yes, of course. So Yeah, it's, We're gonna ask you three questions about the nationwide chain of pop-up costume stories. You'll win our prize. One of our listeners, the voice of anyone, they may choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Chicago Federal Reserve President Austin Gouldsby playing for Aaron Davis of Sacramento, California.


Yeah. Let me apologize up front, Aaron. I hope, I hope I can deliver, but I don't know. Well, alright, here's your first question. Spirit Halloween actually pays to license their costumes based on movies and tv, but others don't, such as Walmart who sold a, obviously a Wednesday Adams costume, but they called it what a evil midweek Cutie b Tuesday Eves or C Goth 9-year-old. Oh, that it has to be the Evil Midway.


Kidding. It is, sir. It's, it's of course, of course, of course. Very well done. Yeah. Alright, here's your next question. Although their main focus is the three months of course around Halloween, spirit Halloween as a company has tried to expand its brand with which of these A spirit Halloween, the movie B Spirit, Halloween Fresh Home Meal Kits, or C Spirit, Halloween, the Waterpark. Yikes. Those are the three choices. Those Are the three choices. I mean, how, how would it be anything but a movie? It gotta And you, right again? Yes. Spirit Halloween Movie.


It's about three teenagers who get locked in a Spirit Halloween store on Halloween and ghostly hijinks ensue. It was released on streaming in 2022. All right, last question. Let's see if it can be perfect. A Spirit Halloween, of course, most famous for their sexy whatever costumes, you know, which of these is a real sexy Halloween costume? A sexy Mr Peanut B Sexy Walter White from Breaking Bad or C Sexy Pizza Rat. Oh my goodness. It has to be the sexy pizza rat. It is, but they're all real.


All of them. You can be any one of those you like. Bill, how did Austin Gouldsby doing our quiz? As Expected he got 'em. All right, Austin, you're winner. Congratulations again. You're, I think you're two for two on our show. And after you appeared earlier on our show, you became president of the Federal Reserve. So I can only imagine what glories await you now, sir, I thought you gonna say how much I owe you and the Check is in the mail. Austan Goolsbee was one of Salon dot com's 15 Sexiest Men of 2010 who, he's also the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, Austin Goolsby, Thank You so much for coming back and joining us.


Thank You. Thank You, sir. Take care. In just a minute, we will reveal where Bill Curtis got his latest tattoo. It's our listener Limerick challenge game called One Triple Eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR, imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies.


And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPR r's Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on While getting Ready, making de Sao or Going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR At N p's pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss.


And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast. From NPR. From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Rachel Koster, Peter Gross, and Shane O'Neill. And here again as your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a Minute. It's the game Where If you lose everybody backstage makes fun of you.


It's the Listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play even now, Give us a call at one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Peter, a super fan of the rapper, young Thug, recently showed off his new tattoo online, which covers his entire back. It's a picture of three galloping horses under the Young Thug lyric. Horses don't stop. They keep going. There's just one problem with the tattoo. What? It's either a misspelling or they're not horses. Well, you're right, they're not horses in the lyric, the actual lyric in the Young Thug rap is hustlers don't stop. They keep going.


And so the guy got the tattoo, God knows how much time and money went into it and pain. And he posted a picture and it do dozens of comments from other young thug fans. And they're all saying, what do you mean he's, and they were all like, what do you mean he's not saying horses? Everybody thought he was saying horses. Did he have To weigh in when he was saying hustlers? Yeah, he did weigh in. This is true. Young thug himself weighed in and this is what he said. He made a promise to enunciate better. And his fourth grade like teacher was like, I always thought Gerald could annunciate a little bit better. Exactly. Yeah. I He Is lucky that horses don't stop. They do just keep going.


It's true. So he wasn't even wrong, even though he was, You know what young Thug has to do now is write a song called Horses Don't Stop. Exactly. Just to justify the Ink. He can retroactively validate the tattoo. I love it. I, this does make me feel better about my tattoo, which says dance like no one's horses Or the guy, he can modify the tattoo and just give them like sunglasses and bandanas and like cool shirts and then be like, they're hustlers. They're hustlers. They're horse Hustlers. These are horses. They're hustlers. Yeah. Shane, a mountain village in Italy has started to draw tourists and even new residents after deciding to like lead with the fact that their town is absolutely overrun.


With what? Dandruff? No Rats. No bigger. Oh god. Bigger than a rat. Smaller than a dandruff. Well we always knew. We always knew. They crap in the woods. Now they can just crap on Main Street. Bears. Bears. Whoa. Yes, bears good. If you've ever enjoyed gorgeous scenery in a rustic village, but said, I wish it were more terrifying, we know where you should plan your next vacation. You should visit Ano cio, which translates to Mamamia. Look behind You. For years people have been afraid of the bears around there, but now they're embracing it. Goodbye. Bear traps. Hello tourist traps. And now a bunch of fat hairy gay guys are like, Hey Italy.


It's there you go. Wait, where? In Italy? It must be super far north, right? Yeah. I don't picture them like down in like se Bears. No, no, no. Up in the Aine Mountains up in the north of the country. Part of, you know, near the, near the Alps. What the town did is they bear proofed it so the bears can't get into the garbage cans and stuff. And this new ecological focus is like a bear reserve has increased tourism tenfold. It's a big turnaround for a town that was home to 5,000 people back in 1920, but now has a permanent population of just 390. Oh Wait, Wait a minute now it's now it's 3 89 and a Half and a half. I was gonna say, all the flights there are booked and all the ones back are like half empty flights.


This is great long range planning this year. You're the town with all the bears. 10 years from now you'll be the town with the Best Ghost tours. There's that rhyme about the bears. Like if it's black, fight back. If it's brown, lie down. So then like if it's Italian, you stallion. Yeah. Wait, there is a bear about whom the advice is. Lay down. Yeah, it's like you're supposed to, is the bear like, ah no, it's someone sleeping. I'm so sorry. I really, it's played eggs. Brown bears are really respectful of rests. They just get it. They come over and they're like, here's an iPad. I'm here. I'm the celestial season bear Coming up.


It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call and leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks here at the Studio Baker Theater in Chicago. Or on the road We'll be in Portland, Maine, June 26th and 27th and at Tanglewood in Western Massachusetts on August 28th. Tickets and info are@nprpresents.org. Hi everyone. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Lori Ricchio from Providence, Rhode Island. Hey Lori Ricchio from Providence. Hi Peter. Nice. I love Providence. It's, it's an Italian tone going way back. Are you like one of those long term Providence Italian families? Nope.


Only half Italian. So I, I spent half my life in Westerly Rhode Island and the other half in Providence, Westerly, Rhode Island and Providence are four miles apart. You could walk from one to the other. Easy to split my time. Yes, exactly. Well welcome to the show Lori. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each of you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly. And two of the limericks will be a winner. You ready to apply? Yep. Here is your first limerick. Big striped cats are my comfort providers. When they roar, they imbue moral fiber though they make small prey nervous.


They do me a service. Don't rid me of my seven. Oh I, I can't, I don't know. Big, big striped cats might be a bit of a clue. Tiger. Tigers Tiger. Oh, sorry. When officials came to seize Nevada man's unauthorized big cat collection, the man claimed that all seven of his tigers were service animals. He was arrested, the tigers were taken to an animal sanctuary. Which is kind of a shame because I would've loved first to see him try to get on a plane with seven tigers. Each of them wearing an enormous, don't pet me, I'm working vest.


And if he was like, without these tigers, I'm so anxious. This is true. He, He claimed that his seven grown tigers helped him with his PTSD, which I assume stands for petting Tigers stress Disorder. I visited a tiger sanctuary in Indiana once and when you throw them a pumpkin, they eat them in like one bite. Yeah. And it's pretty satisfying. So that was like emotional support that's like, you know, it's like cracking your knuckles. It's something satisfying to watch. Right. Right. Times seven, I'm on his side. I'm sorry. They can't tell the difference between a pumpkin and an unwell head Or a well head, you know. Alright, here is your next Limerick Small tattoo gun flatbed and a clamped lamp.


I'm all prepped as a freshly revamped skimp. Soon I'll have inky tracks on my flat lower back. I embrace the return of the Tramp stamps. Tramp stamps. Yes. I thought No one would ever get that. Tramp stamps are the lower back tattoos that in the nineties were associated with promiscuity and in the two thousands were associated with laser removal. But now according to some of the nation's top tattoo artists, lower back tattoos are making a comeback. Of course, tattoo artists have always loved tramp stamps because it's so hard for you to see whether they made a mistake.


Obviously things are different with the younger generation. For one thing nowadays they don't always have to be a butterfly. And these tattoos don't have to be slutty. My tramp stamp says true love weights. I'm a barista in Brooklyn. This news is not very shocking to me. All my coworkers are sporting 'em. What are they getting though? I'm just like really scary. Like skulls and stuff. Oh, Are they doing like Cybers? They're scary. Scary skull tramp Ski. Yeah, they're all like goth and LGBT and skull. The the goth crossover is like crucial I guess For I'm old enough to remember when gay people had taste. We need, we are elders now more than Ever any queer elders.


I will happily come to your coffee shop and bully your Gabe barista goer. Thank You. Here is your last limerick. No matter how well runners train a marathon makes them insane. There's the pain and the smell and the loss of gray cells. 'cause the strain makes them shrink their own Brain. Brain. Exactly right. According to new research, running a marathon can deplete the part of your brain in charge of motor skills and emotional regulation for up to two months after the race. But hey, you get a metal. So basically during the race, as your body depletes its stored energy, it starts eating your brain fats after it's gotten rid of your like pasta fats come on body.


My love handles are right there. I've been at bars when running clubs come in afterwards. You don't need to tell me twice that they're a little dumb. Yeah, I know. Bill, how did Lori do in our quiz? Perfect. Three in a row. Well done. Thank You so much for playing, Lori. Thank You Peter. Take care. Can you tell I'm not? Well, I need a new brain packet in. Start again with one I can train to. Avi Regev is the co-founder of the human Cell atlas.


It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR. This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn. The leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Twos winner.


Report more@enter.com slash NPR. Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast. Every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR. Now it's time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores?


Shane has two. Peter and Rachel each have three. That's exciting. It is. So that means Shane, it feels good to win. So that means Shane, you are in second place. Right? So the clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Tuesday, the Supreme Court said that the White House had no obligation to rehire workers who were laid off by blank. Donald Trump or Doge Doge. Yeah. On Tuesday, the acting commissioner of the blank announced plans to leave the agency. I mean, name all of 'em. I Don't know a whole bunch. This week it was the IRS as part of a prisoner exchange ballet dancer. Casina Carolina was released from detention in blank Russia. Right on Thursday, the lineup for this year's blank film festival was announced Camp.


Yep. This week police escorted a woman off her flight after she refused to blank Share her diet coke. So close pay for the Pringles she ordered. On Tuesday, Mattel announced that LeBron James would become the first male athlete to become a blank Dul. A kind. Dul. Right. On Thursday, comedy institution blank announced a British spinoff. Oh SML. Yes. This week a man in Montreal whose car was parked legally still got a ticket because the city blanked overnight. Froze. No. Turned the parking space into a bus stop. What Cruise? He parked perfectly legal space. Then Cruise came out, converted that street parking into a bus stop. Overnight and minutes after completing the job, they gave the man a ticket for being parked at a bus stop.


Even worse. Even worse, they converted his car into a bus. And now there's a guy in his backseat. FaceTiming without headphones on. I don't know. I don't feel bad about the tariffs anymore. There you are. Get Up. Bill. How does Jane do in our quiz? Five. Right? For 10 more points, his total of 12 puts him in the lead. Well done. Here we go. So Our arbitrary, why don't I pick Rachel to go next. Thank You. You're very welcome. I dunno why you're thanking me, but here we go. Rachel, you're up next. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, the house passed the GOP's blank plan. It's a new one for For fishing. Fishing plan. No, there are a budget plan.


This week. Federal judges temporarily halted the deportation of several men from blank El Salvador. No, Venezuela. On Monday, Florida defeated Houston to win the 2025 Men's blank Championship basketball. Right. Ncaa. While speaking to a panel in California, secretary of Education, Linda McMahon repeatedly referred to AI as blank. Good. No, she referred to it as a one Saucy. On Tuesday, a list of the world's best airports were released and blank of them were located in the US. Most? No, none This week. This Week a rugby game in France was delayed after the person who was supposed to parachute into the match holding the game. Ball blanked.


I got scared. No. Got stuck on the stadium Roof. The man was gliding down gracefully. When the parachute got caught in the ceiling of the stadium overhang leaving him dangling in front of thousands of fans While holding The ball. They needed to starts the game. Oh no. They're like, just drop it. Drop the ball. Oh, I did bad. Well, let's find out, bill. How did Rachel do in our quiz? One? Right? Thank You guys. Not as easy as it looks, but it gets her two more points, which means that she has five bit of a genius.


So how many then does Peter Gross need to win this thing? Five to Win. Five To Win. Alright, here we go. Peter. This is for the game. Okay. In a reversal to his typical stance, blank urged people to get the measles vaccine. This week. Oh, RFK, junior. On Tuesday, a federal judge said the administration's decision to limit the APS access to Trump violated the blank. The First Amendment. Yeah, the constitution. This week, rescue workers are still searching for survivors after a nightclub's roof collapsed in blank. Oh, at Dominican Republic, exactly Right. On Wednesday it was ruled the Newsmax had defamed dominion voting systems when they said the blank was rigged. The 2020 election, Right after ending a career over over 20 years, it was revealed that a judge in Brazil's real name was Jose.


The race and not blank like he had always claimed Maria Dera. No, it was not. Edward Albert Lancelot dot Canterbury cater in Wakefield. I Can't get according to a that one. According to a new study, heavy blanking increases risk of cognitive decline. It can't be heavy petting. No heavy Drinking. Heavy drinking. You know, This week a plumber in Indiana who wasn't paid after unclogging the pipes at a local restaurant, blank Clogged the pipes. Intentionally. He Did. He went back and re clogged the pipes. It was an ingenious way to get paid and it worked, but it made for the weirdest job listing of all time.


Wanted you and all your hairiest friends to come shower in a restaurant's sink. Bill, did Peter do well enough to win? He Did. 15 is his total score. He win. Congratulations. Yay. Well done. Thank You. Well, in just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict, now that we have the dire wolf, what will science bring back next? But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Car Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip, go to Ke. Our limber. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Student Baker Theater. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Norm Boss and Lillian King.


Special thanks to Blythe Roberson and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our emotional support producer. Emma Choi is our vibe curator. Our jolly good fellow is Hannah Anderson. Technical direction is from Lorna Whiter. CFO is Colin Mero. Production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian og and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell me, is Michael Danforth now panel? What will science bring back next? Shane O'Neill, the Extremely frivolous wolf. Rachel Koster, your Hairline from your Lips to God. Dear and Peter Gross. They will bring back all the dads who went out for cigarettes and never returned.


Oh, and if that happens, we're gonna ask you about a giant here on Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis. Thanks. Also, this is Shane O'Neill, Rachel Koster, and Peter Gross. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at the Scoot Fitter in downtown Chicago, Illinois, and all of you for listening wherever you may be, Peter Segel. We'll see you next week from Durham, North Carolina. This is NPR. This message comes from Capital One.


With the Spark Cash Plus card, you earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for. The stupid guy here, the old smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.