
99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. Hey, it's Peter Segel here, and I want to tell you about some exciting things that are coming up in this podcast feed other than just me telling you about exciting things coming up in the podcast feed. The Democratic National Convention is in Chicago this year, and we realized, so are we.


So Wait, Wait. Is going to the convention. We'll be bringing you bonus podcasts with our exclusive convention coverage, talking about the things no one else is brave enough to, and Wait, Wait. Producers, Ian Chill and Mike Danforth are bringing back how to do everything. It's my wife's favorite comedy podcast from NPR, and I wish I was kidding. We'll have fresh episodes for you right here in the feed. Get ready for all this new stuff coming your way. Don't be scared by what's new. Embrace it. You'll love it. From NPR and WBEZ. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz.


I'm the man who sounds like I'm six feet, two inches of pure lung. Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You, Bill. Thanks Everybody. Thank You. Kind. So we are continuing our summer break This week in honor of President Joe Biden, who taught everyone that sometimes it's okay to sit back and let other people do the job. Also, in honor of Joe Biden, I got a completely new set of teeth. And since we're thinking election thoughts, why not start with our talk last year with a woman who might have been president if Bill here hadn't found an old monkey's paw in 2015 and wished for some new material from the next administration Lesson when dealing with ancient demons?


Be specific. Our guest today is the former First Lady of the United States, the former US Senator from New York and Secretary of State, and the first woman to be nominated for president by a major party. She's the author of many books, including a memoir called Living History, a thriller called State of Terror, and a horror story called What Happened. Hillary Rodham Clinton, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Peter. Thank You. I got, I, I gotta tell you, they, they were excited to see me then I told them that you were gonna be in the show and I was completely forgotten.


So, Well, I, I've listened to your show for years and you've got such an enthusiastic following me included. So it's a real joy to be with you. You Are so kind. We understand that next week is a big deal. It is the second annual meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative since the pandemic, right? So you're getting people together. Right, Right. This was brought back after the pandemic because, you know, there's such a strong desire for people to try to be with each other again and come up with, you know, things to do that make a difference. And so whether it's, you know, climate resilience or getting clean water to people or helping in Ukraine, whatever, you know, your interest or your passion might be.


There's going to be others who will share that and you can come and, and be a part of it. I, okay, thanks. I appreciate the invitation. I'll, you're be there on Monday, Peter, You've gotta go fix the Ukraine. I I gotta take care of that. Yeah, Peter, we need you. I Know clearly from I go up to Zelensky from one short Jewish comedian to another. Let me tell you, I wanna, I I really agree. I really agree with something you said, which is that during the pandemic, after the pandemic, we all became so desperate to go out and, and be with people. I specifically would love to be with Matt Damon and the Pope who will both be there. Yes. Next week.


I, I am guessing that yes, the panels, the charitable commitments, the, the ideas for fixing the world, that's great. But what really rocks about CGI is the parties. Right. Well, they're not bad. I mean, I mean, that's true. You know, if, if you're gonna be earnest and and working hard all day, you deserve to blow off some steam. I agree. And so, I mean, I'm just imagining it can be surreal, right. With like Janet Yellen and the Pope say, comparing gowns. I mean, what is Well, you just never know what might happen. That's why you need to come. Exactly. All right. I'm, I might leave right now. Secretary Clinton, this is Faith Salie and I recently had the privilege of telling your husband this story, but I didn't get to tell you, and it's really about you.


My 9-year-old daughter saw a picture of her grandmother with your husband. He clearly took the selfie 'cause she doesn't know how. And, and my daughter said, who is that man with grandma? And I said, well, that's President Clinton. And she kind of cocked her head and she said, you mean Hillary's husband? So I don't think you have to worry about the voters under 65. That's funny. And your husband thought it was funny too, to his credit, Didn't think it was funny enough to pass it on to his wife though. That's It is it is.


It is. It is very strange. I I will say this, it is strange talking to you because obviously you're, you're a serious public figure who's done serious work, but you've also been this public icon for many, many years. You're a very, very well known person, which shows up in different ways. So for example, have you ever seen Pete Davidson's tattoo of you? I have, yes You have. You, You? Yes, I have. So, wait a minute. Not in, not in the same way other women have. I Was about to say, You've seen pictures you've seen, did, did. No, No, no.


I, I, I was with Pete and you know, that he Socially he Lifted up his pants leg and he showed it to me. And I was a little bit worried when he said that he was going to start removing his tattoos. But I saw him later and he assured me that one would stay. So I, I hope it's still How's, How often do you hang out with Pete Davidson? You know, I, I am a big fan of Pete. When I did Saturday Night Live years ago, I got to meet Pete and Colin. And I really was very touched by both of them because, you know, Pete's father was a firefighter who died on nine 11. And you know, Colin's family was very much involved with the New York Fire Department and I did a lot of work with them after nine 11.


So I, I really felt a connection and I find Pete to be a, you know, a very appealing guy and I just wish him the best. I mean, I really hope that, you know, he has a great life because he, He deserves it. Wow. Get a tattoo of her in your legs. She'll say nice things about you. Okay. That's true. I just took a note. Well, secretary Clinton, I cannot tell you how exciting it is to talk to you, but we have asked you here to play a game that we are calling, you Can do anything with CGI. You are part of one CGI the Clinton Global Initiative. So we thought we'd ask you about another CGI that is computer generated imagery that's quite popular in the moving pictures these days.


So just answer two or three questions about the CGI. You'll win our prize for one of our listeners, the voice of anyone they might choose on their answering machine Bill, who is Secretary Clinton playing for Forbes Fox of Wilmington, North Carolina, Forbes, Fox. And I, I, I don't know how competitive you are with your husband and I mean that honestly, but I will point out when he was in the show some years ago, he got all three. Right? I'm just saying that. Oh, I've heard that Peter, I heard That you like every year. Oh, so that he told you. Okay. Alright, here's your first question. CGI is often used in big comic book movies like Blade Trinity.


In that movie CGI was used to create the illusion that the lead actor Wesley Snipes was doing What? A, paying his taxes. B saying the lines in the script rather than what he wanted to say. Or c keeping his eyes open. Oh my God. Oh, wow. Keeping his eyes open. That's right. What happened was that the, the moment in the movie called for him suddenly opening his eyes to prove he was alive or something. And on that day, on the set, Mr.


Snipes was very angry at the director and refused to do it. So they said, what the heck? And they just used CGI to put eyeballs on his eyelids. That is hilarious. Because I, but I, I knew nobody in an action movie pays their taxes. That's true. So I, I knew that I, I just pictured him getting so into it that he closed his eyes like a drummer and was just like, really vibing. Alright, Next question. Petty Queen Steven Segal has continued his career as an action hero into the fourth decade. But there are some things, well, he just can't do anymore. In a recent film, they use CGI to depict him doing what?


Difficult stunt A walking, B, treating the other actors with respect or C performing a triple axle in pairs figure skating. Oh my God. Oh, walking. Yeah. It was a yes. Walking. Now to be fair, he wasn't just walking, he was also pointing his gun in various directions as he did it. Yes. Before we get to this last question, secretary Clinton, you'll probably be thinking that after all of your achievements and prominence in public life, you cannot believe that you are being asked this kind of question. And I just want you to know I share your disbelief.


Movies Employ vast teams of CG artists. Of course, you can see all their names in the credits, but one particular graphic artist working on the movie Katz, was given a very specific job. What was it? A matching the cast's movements as Katz to footage of actual cats doing the same dance numbers B swapping out the animation on James Cordon, who had accidentally been rendered throughout the movie as a dog or c removing all of the very anatomically correct CGI cat butts that a previous team had put on all the actors.


Well, it could have probably been all three of those, given how the movie turned out. But I, You think, you know, and the answer is, I'm gonna say the answer is three. That's right. C And somewhere out there, there is apparently a butthole cut of cats. Bill, how did Secretary Hillary Clinton doing our quiz? She Won them all. Yay. Good going, Hillary, does that mean, does that mean I get to be the voice on Hillary Clinton?


That's between you and the secretary, I'm afraid. Hey, y'all, it's Hillary Clinton. I'm not here right now. I think that sounds pretty good. The Clinton Global Initiative 2023 is taking place. September 18th and 19th. Secretary Hillary Rodham Clinton, Thank You so much for joining us here on Wait, Wait. Thank You. Here. Thank You. When we come back, two of the most gorgeous movie stars in the world, Chris Pine and Zazie Beats who are grateful to be in the radio so we can concentrate on their intellect.


That's when we come back with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez, a lot of short daily news podcasts. Focus on one story, but sometimes you need for Up First on NPR, we bring you the three top world headlines every single day in under 15 minutes because no one story can capture all that's happening in, on any given morning. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR. NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis.


Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit protect by public media.org.


Wait, Wait, don't tell me Fresh air Up First. NPR News now. Planet Money. Ted Radio Hour throughline, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts you can enjoy sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more@plus.npr.org.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peters Segel. Thank You, bill. This week we are taking a well-deserved break in order to get ready to cover the stories that are coming our way this fall. With my anchorman heritage, I can put my ear to the ground and hear the approach of a great stampede of news. We must prepare While we limber up. Let's return to happy times and delightful people. In April of this year, we talked to Chris Pine, an actor who made his mark as a handsome prince in Princess Diaries two, but in his directorial debut pool man, he depicted an eccentric, obsessive, barely holding down that titular job I asked him about moving to the other side of the camera.


Terrible. No, it was, I have to say the, the directing and the acting of it, I don't know how it people will view it, but certainly the experience of it was pretty joyful. And I had a, an incredible cast, Annette Benning and Danny DeVito, and Jennifer Jason Lee, and a bunch of incredible people. The movie is a lot of things, but it is also a, a kind of love letter to la unlike a lot of people who do what you do and therefore live there. You grew up there, right? I grew up in LA and my, my father was on a, a really successful show in the late seventies and early eighties called Chips and Oh yeah, We know, we know. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We were just basically got you here so we could talk about your father.


Oh, I, I know We read, and I, I'm surprised if this is true. So I'm interested to see if you'll confirm it, that your father advised you not to go into the business. My, you know, my, my father is a workaday actor. Like he, when I was growing up, it was him going out and auditions all the time. And I think his advice was really born from more than anything else, like knowing just how difficult and how hard our business can be. What with rejection and, and the real possibility of, of struggling to make a living. So, but then I remember I went to, went to, was at school and I did a play and my mother came up to me afterwards and looked at me very worriedly and said, are you sure you don't wanna become a lawyer?


And and I said, absolutely not. And she said, well go with God. Well, that's lovely. And so did, so did your first big movie role, as I understand it was the male lead in Princess Diaries to a royal engagement. Indeed. And This week, every woman I have met about 30 or below tells me that it was, that is the greatest movie ever made. Or at least they thought so when they were in junior high. And I'm just wondering if that has been your experience of life that women come up to you and go, oh my God, when I was 13, you were just, it, I so fortunate to have been given that opportunity by Gary Marshall, and I just wish for that role that I, I would've just had someone put hair gel In my, Because my hair is so uncontrollably large in the film.


I I noted that. I watched it This week. It's brutal. It's, Why did you, you do that? Why did you do that? I just assumed because the movie is so perfectly calibrated to the tastes of young women except for my hair. Well, I figured that's just what young women want. They want an incredibly handsome prince who seems, you know, a little dark and a little evil, but turns out to have a heart of gold who has enormous hair. That was part of the whole thing. Yeah. So you went from the Princess Diaries eventually to playing Captain Kirk in the fabulous new rebooted Star Trek movies. So how much of your performance was based on William Shatner? I think the biggest direction that JJ ever had to me was Les Shatner.


Really? You were overdoing it because it's, it's so, it's so deliciously fun. I mean, anything from how he fits in the chair to how he does like a double take. They are many. The, the schisms are long and deep and they're beautiful. They're beautifully crafted things. So There's a bit where you, there's a bit where you bought, you eat an apple and I didn't realize that William Shatner ate apples in a certain way until you did it. And I was Oh, that's a Shatner appe. A shatner appe. It's a shater appe. Yeah. It's a, it's a shackle. I have to ask you one last thing before we get to the game, which is, I don't know if you are aware of this, but the celebrity magazines very much enjoy talking about the Hollywood Chrises.


It's currently you Mr. Hemsworth. We Talk about it on, on our WhatsApp chain. Well, That's what I was gonna ask. So the Hollywood Chrises are obviously Mr. Pine with us now, Mr. Hemsworth, Mr. Evans and Mr. Pratt. And the question was, when you get together, and I imagine when that happens, it's called the full Topfer. Whoa, not Christmas. Whoa. Okay. I feel topped. I feel, I feel one, I feel one up. Do you, do you actually like, 'cause there are rankings, I don't know if you're aware of that. Like who's the number one Chris of the moment. And I was wondering if you guys worry about that. It really depends on which clubhouse we're at. Oh sure. But if we're in Los Angeles, I mean, you know, I think the current reading, I'm at least 48 points above the other guys, which is, look, that's This week.


Yeah. Here's What'll happen next. Yeah. Lemme, lemme just go through their Im to B No, I don't see any writer directors on there. So you take the cake, my friend. Yeah, there you go. There you go. I win. You Win. Well, Chris Pine, we have invited you here to play a game that we are calling Ah, the scent of fresh, crisp pine. Not only crisp pine, but balsam, vanilla and clove. We're gonna ask you three questions about Sir Air fresheners Ready to go? All right. Answer two to three questions and you'll win our prize for one of our listeners.


Bill, who is Chris Pine playing for? Chris Owens of Winkelman Nebraska? Another member of the Chris Club. Alright, here's your first question, Chris. While air fresheners help mask at least 30% of the smells in that cab you are now riding in, they can also cause a little bit of trouble. As in when which of these happened? A, a line of human pheromone scented fresheners called a spate of terrible marriages back in the 1990s. B, the pine scented ones have been known to attract bears. Or CA school in Baltimore was evacuated and hazmat crews were called in thanks to the smell of a pumpkin spice air freshener B Be that the pine scented ones attract bears.


Yes. Which is why you see all those bears chasing the Ubers up and down. Exactly right. It happens to Los Angeles all the time. That's Absolutely true. That's how we get them outta the woods. No, I'm afraid it was actually sea. The school in Baltimore had to be evacuated because of the overwhelming effect of the pumpkin spice air freshener. Nobody died. Five people did go to the hospital with pumpkin spice related trauma. Alright, It's not a problem. You have two more chances. Thanks Bob. I know with the ubiquity of air fresheners, people are demanding changes to cope with them. Such as which of these A friz being classified as a controlled substance by the federal government.


B, an option in rideshare apps to request a car without them, or c edible air fresheners to make your farts smell nice. I desperately want to say Steve, but I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure it's B. It is B. Yes. Many Uber. Yes. And Apparently our audience agrees that Uber and Lyft should bring this to us. 'cause many people would much prefer not to have that in their car. It makes sense. The worst. It's the worst. It makes some people very sick. Yeah. Alright. It's just the worst. Alright, last one. If you get this right, you win. If you're putting on air freshener in your car, always use one of those little trees. Just do that so you don't end up like the man who used a spray and had what happened?


A, he filled the car with so much aerosol air freshener that when he then lit a cigarette, his car exploded. B, when it dried, it became opaque and all of a sudden he couldn't see out the windows. Or c it was absorbed by his skin. And he spent the rest of his life smelling like cinnamon sugar. Oh God. One, one. You're right. Yes. Yes. Us. Yes. You made it. You got it. Yes. This happened in, this happened in the uk. The, he, he lit a cigarette. The, the propellant or whatever caught fire. The car windows were blown out nearby. Buildings were damaged.


But amazingly, the driver himself had only minor injuries. I don't know how, but that's what happened. Bill, how did Chris Pine do in our quit? Two Outta three. Wow. What a win. Chris. Good luck Captain. My captain. Well, Chris Pine is an actor, writer, and director Now. Chris Pine, what a joy to talk to You. Thank You so much for joining us. I'm Whitley Ble. Thanks guys. Thank You. Take care. Thanks Chris. Bye. In 2022, toward the end of the pandemic lockdown, we invited actor Zazi Beatz onto our zoom call Zazi starred in the acclaimed series Atlanta.


And also played a superhero in Deadpool too. Mo Rocka though, wanted to know about her origin story. Is it true that you got your acting superpowers at LaGuardia High, the school from fame? Yes. I just have to say that for so many of us, you had to understand, like, growing up it was like a fantasy if you lived outside of New York to be able to go to the fame school, that high school, It's so funny because honestly it's, it's like, it's a public school. Like I don't think people realize, like it's, I don't know. I felt like yes, it was this wonderful opportunity, but also really just felt like school. But, but it's not just school. They block off the traffic so that you can dance on top of taxi cabs. They stop traffic.


That's true. Don't all schools do that? I mean, and you're dancing on the cafeteria table singing hot lunch. I mean, it was, it, it was impossibly exciting to watch that movie and TV series. Well, you know, that's, I I thought everybody had that, but I guess It's just, it's just strange. You have, you are known, I am told, and please correct me if I'm wrong, okay. For like, making your own health products, like your own kombucha and, and body butter. Is this true? Yeah. It's so funny. Like, I feel like that's totally become a thing that people ask me about all the time. I just do this at home, like for fun. I mean, I used to do it to save money. 'cause I was like, I want a face mask, but I'm not paying 20 bucks for that.


And so I would just make my own stuff. And with the kombucha, I was just interested in that whole fermentation process. And then your scoby basically it's like, it's like a pet. Like you have to take care of it and, well, For, for people who don't know, tell everybody what a scoby is. What Is a scoby? So it's the, it's essentially the like bacteria that help that create the environment that helps. It's the slime. It's the slime from which kombucha emerges. Right? Exactly. But it's actually like, you can hold it. It's like a little, it's like a sourdough starter. Yes. But it's just way grosser. Exactly. But you can hold it. It's like a little jello thing and it's like you have to take care of it other, otherwise it Dies.


Does yours have a name? No, I didn't name mine, but she had many children because they keep making layers of new scobie and you can like separate them and then sometimes you God throw some Out. Oh, sitting in the corner of your room multiplying. Yes, yes, yes. Listen, I have a cat and I had a scoby. I don't have scoby anymore. So Do, do you ever hear it whispering things to you that maybe you don't want do, but it really wants you to do? My scoby is a very positive scoby, so it'll only whisper kind and gentle things to me. Oh, our, My sister Scoby tried to kill us in the night one time. You see what I mean?


I, Hey, wait a minute. Here's a question. Since you were already into like making this disgusting goof for your friends, when the pandemic started, what new hobbies did you pick up? What new hobbies? Returning text messages. I started, It's a good half hour every day. Rocking. Rocking in the fetal Position. I actually did in two days. Yes. I went through 823 unread text messages. Wow, wow. Wow. What, see, you were not, you were not up on your text. Kidding. No, I'm not as, I'm not as popular as you. So I don't have that much of a problem. I don't kidding. But I, but when I don't return texts for say a week, I just decide it's easier never to speak to that person ever again.


So they assume I'm dead, rather Having to apologize. That was my approach. And then I was, you know, so lonely during the pandemic. Well, I'm sure when you texted all your friends at last, your SCOBY was very proud of you. Yeah. And a little jealous. She wanted the attention. Of course. Course. Well, SASE Bates, we are so delighted to talk to you, but we have asked you here to play a game that this time we're calling Sy Bates meets Sassy beats Specifically. Oh, The beats of longtime Rolling Stones. Drummer Charlie Watts, who died last year at the ripe age of 80. Answered two to three questions about Charlie Watts and you will win our prize for one of our listeners, the voice of their choice and their voicemail.


Bill, who is SSI playing for John Day of Durham, North Carolina? I gotta ask, are you a Rolling Stones fan? Not enough for this game. Okay. That's, as I often say, ignorance is often the best choice as we go into this because just a little knowledge will lead you astray. Alright, great. So here's your first question. Charlie Watts had some interesting habits while touring the world for decades with the Rolling Stones. Yes. He always did. What? A, he saved all the underwear thrown at them on stage, resulting in a collection that filled an entire wing of his house. B, he sketched every single hotel bed he slept in, or C, he ate an alphabetical order, having apricots for one meal, beats for the next, et cetera, all the way around until he started again.


I hope it's the first one, but I think it's B. You are right. It's B. He sketched every single hotel that he slept in. He had started as an artist, did some early album covers for these stones. And I don't know why he did that. Next question. That was very good. Charlie Watts, like the other members of the Stones, liked to collect classic and expensive cars. But he did it his own way. How A, he just collected the same car, the 1978 Dodge Aspen, until he had 106 of them. B Watts never got his driver's license. So he just put on suits to match the car and sit in the cars in his garage. Or C, whenever a band mate bought a car, he'd get the matchbox aversion and then brag about how much money he'd saved.


Oh, that's so sweet. I think it's a though. You think it's a, that he just collected 1978 Dodge Aspens. That's it. Yes. That new car I was interested in until he had 106 of these identical cars, presumably in different colors at his estate. Hopefully. Yes. No, I'm afraid it was actually B, he never got his driver's license. To be Fair, I got my driver's license three years ago. Well, you're a New Yorker, right? That's A New Yorker. Yes. Right. So that's a natural New York thing. Well, you have one more question. If you get this right, you Win. Okay. Once while the Rolling Stones were on tour, Watts was woken in the middle of the night by a phone call from a very drunk Mick Jagger demanding my drummer. How did Watts respond? A, he sent him 14 pounds of chicken drumsticks via room service B.


He said, I'm sorry, I don't recognize your voice, sir. Or C, he woke up shaved, dressed in a suit and tie, put on some freshly shined shoes. Went up to Jagger's room and punched him in the face. Ah. Yelling, never call me your drummer again. Ooh, Sea. Spicy. I like this spice. Let's go for sea. Oh, very good choice, aie. That's in fact what happened. This story was permanently featured in all of his obits. And what happened then was after he had punched a Jagger in the face and said that he then yelled, and your, my singer, he said, wow. Nice. Yes, there you go. I love the, I love the fact that he shaved and put on a suit. He was apparently a man who cared about such things, liked God.


He was, he cared about such things. He did. Bill, how did Ssie Bates do on our quiz? Two Outta three and she won. Yay. Ssie Bates is starring in Atlanta on FX Zoie Bates, you are a delight. Thank You so much for joining us. And Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You so much. This was so fun. Take Care. Thank You, Zai. Bye-bye. Bye. Bates, When we come back, the British actor who played America's greatest hero and a woman who became a TV star because selling weed in high school didn't work out. That's when we're back with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR. This is Tanya Mosley, co-host of Fresh Air. Amanda Knox spent nearly four years in prison for a murder she did not commit.


When she was exonerated, she made an unusual decision to befriend the prosecutor who argued for her guilt. Maybe he could help her make sense of her case. I spent years thinking about it and trying to understand it until I realized that I could just ask. Listen to this interview on the Fresh Air Podcast. Since Donald Trump took office in January, a lot Has happened. The White House budget office ordered a pause on all federal grants and loans. The impact of the Trump administration's tariffs is already being felt in Circuit Trump's efforts to radically Remake the federal government. The NPR politics podcast covers it all. Keep up with what's happening in Washington and beyond. What the NPR Politics Podcast?


Listen every day From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. So This week all of us at the show are off at our summer bootcamp, which is like Navy SEAL training, except for dealing with the news. 75% of candidates wash out of the program, leaving only the best of the best to deal with the worst of the worst. So while we get ready for the challenges to come, here are some older pleasures.


In January of this year, we were joined by actor David o Yello, who had dozens of credits in his native uk, but is most well known in America for playing Dr. Martin Luther King. In the movie Selma, Peter asked him if people here are surprised to find out he's actually British V. Very surprised. Which is both a compliment and at, at times feels like I'm under threat because people feel quite upset about it. I, I remember doing a number of q and as after we did Selma to screenings and African Americans particularly like, man, you from Harlem. Come on man. I I I have other questions, but I'm sort of stunned by how good that was.


That was, that was really good. I wanted to talk a little bit about your background, which is fascinating to me 'cause I'm a theater guy. Is is it true the story we heard that you first got into acting because you wanted to impress a girl? It's very true. It's very true. Theater was not something that was on my radar at all. What was on my radar was my pastor's daughter who used to work the overhead projector at my, my church. And I was so obsessed with her. I never listened to a single sermon for an entire year. And one day she asked me to the theater, I thought it was a date, it was actually to join a, a youth theater group. And I was so enamored with her that I kept going and that's what led to me becoming an actor.


Whoa. That is chasing The pastor's daughter. That's the name of his Memoir. Make, don't make it sound unholy. I wasn't, I wasn't trying to do anything nefarious. I just liked Her. And that was, that was like 30 years ago. You think she's impressed yet? Oh, she, she's full of regret. She sees me in movies and she's a a a absolutely gutted. Really? Oh, it, it's, it's absolutely true. Every time I'm in a movie, I get a very sad email from her. Oh. Oh, That's a love language. I think I was gonna say, do do, do you remember, I mean, it's funny, I I I usually ask this question of, of athletes, but it just occurred to me, I could ask it of you because of the story you just told.


You stumbled into this, you hadn't wanted to do it, but there you were. Was there a moment when you first realized that you were quite good at it? Yes. Yes. There, there, there, there was a moment. I mean, you know, I, the first thing I did was being part of that youth group where I had followed that, that girl too. And the reaction afterwards was, was pretty EU from, from everyone else. The unfortunate thing is it was offset by my mother who could never quite draw the line between make believe and reality and would just say, why are you kissing that girl that is not your wife, that is not your girlfriend, Lehi alone.


And, and, and she actually did that during the performance, which is No, That's when you, that's when you said, I have to get into TV where they don't allow anybody in. Exactly. Because she imagine, she shouted that at many screens. I I wanna get to your movie, the, the movie's called Role Play as people will find out when they watch it, which you should, because the, the key plot element is this married couple decides to do some role play to spice up their relationship Love language. Exactly. And your character, ironically, also named David, turns out not to be very good at that. How does a very good actor play a bad actor?


Well, you tend to be around a lot of bad actors and you're just doing an Oh, really? You Well that, that just, the guy was in repertory with He sucked. I'll just do him. Yeah. You you, you now have several actors I've worked with second guessing their careers right now. Well, it is absolutely lovely to have you with us, David, and we have asked you here today to play a game that we're calling Rolling. Rolling, rolling. So your new movie, as we've discussed, is called Role Play. So we thought we'd ask you about the other kind of role play games you play by rolling things. Answer two to three questions correctly and you will win our prize by one of our listeners.


Bill, who is David Oyelowo playing for Chris Kre of Morristown, New Jersey. Alright, Ready to do this. Very ready. Alright. One of the most popular rolling games is of course bowling one of professional bowling star athletes. Mike Chuga is a two time national champion, but he is perhaps most famous for his signature move as a bowler, which is what a, the chua chop where he throws the bowling ball overhand b the chua hop a shot where his ball goes into the gutter, then bounces out to hit the pins, or c the chua flop where he rolls the ball but doesn't let go of it.


And slides halfway down the lane on his stomach. I am going to say B, It was actually C the chuga flop. What He does this apparently to entertain the crowds because it turns out in bowling, if you don't let go of the ball, it's not a foul even if you've crossed the line. So he does this thing where he rolls it doesn't let go, slides himself halfway down, gets a lot of applause, comes back and rolls. That's the thing he does. Here's, here's your next question. There is a sport called absorbing where you climb inside this giant inflatable hamster ball and roll around, but just rolling around. Not exciting for some people, which is why you can also do what a, in San Francisco you can absorb down the famously crooked and very steep Lombard Street be in Florida, you can race other absorbers through alligator infested waters or see in the Rocky Mountains you can try bungee absorbing.


I'm going to say C David, have you heard of an American phenomenon called Florida? Man, I'm going to say B there. Yeah, it is Florida. So of course they climb into these things and then run as fast as they can in them across the Alligator swamp. Alright, last question. In France, as you might know, there's a ver they, they have a version of lawn bowling or bocce, they called Patton. And almost every Petton court throughout France has a statue or a picture of a woman named Fannie, nearby YA per tradition.


Any team that gets shut out in a Patton match is required to get down on their knees and kiss fannie's. Well, Fannie b it is an image of Fannie Meno, a 19th century wife from Leon who invented the game to get her husband out of the house and stop annoying her. Or c it's just a coincidence. There happens to be a lot of pictures in sculptures in France of women named Fannie and some of them are near Paton quartz. I'm, I'm going to go with my friend who said a Right. Yes, that's correct. To be shut out, to be shut out in a patan match is called Etre Fanny or being Fanny, and you're required to kiss the fanny. And I, I, I should say by the way, that in France in French, Fanny means Fanny is the same.


It does in America, not what it means in Britain. Bill, how did David do in our quiz in The final tally? I think David's got all three Very He did. Absolutely he did. Well David Yellow Wall is starring in the new film role play currently streaming on Prime David a Yellow Wall. Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, dump for what? An absolute pleasure to talk to you. Take care, sir. Thank You. Thank You.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR, a show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies, and call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NBRs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast. A couple months ago here at Planet Money, we stumbled across our favorite kind of economic mystery. Jeff, what is this? A deal that seemed way too good to be true. What I'm seeing here At least is that it's very high Clarity. Join us on our adventure, show me what you got to find out exactly how much a diamond is worth planet money from NPR, wherever, get your podcasts.


Finally, also in January, we spoke to one of the most distinctive actors around Natasha Lyonne from Russian Dul, and Orange is the New Black. I asked her if she was recognized more for her appearance or her voice. You know, if I have straight hair, I can pretty much move through the city. Like, you know, it's not, it's not me. But then as soon as I talk, I'm Right. Exactly. And, and when people are like looking at you, my God, you're Natasha Lyonne. And then what do they tell you that they love most? I guess, you know what I, I like the most, I don't know what they're necessarily saying, but what I like is a sort of like a little bit of a sly handshake.


Yeah. As on the street that keeps moving from a real New Yorker. Yeah. Like they gimme a little hand movement or I like, I sort of like a deli interaction. I guess that's, that's why I wrote it into a session. Dul, that's one of my favorite type of New York interactions. I mostly enjoy it in, in Manhattan on the move, I think. Right. And that's cool. I mean, one of the great things about New York as opposed to LA in New York, they're all too cool to get excited when they see a celebrity. They just give you the high sound like Yeah, I know who you are. I'm not impressed. It's awesome. Yeah. It makes me a real New Yorker, like part New Yorker, part leprechaun. And I like that. Totally. I Understand that. I, I found out some amazing things about you This week that I had not known, even though I was a fan. For example, I read that you were thrown out of your pretty prestigious school because you were I think, selling pot.


Is that right? It's right. A passage as a teenager. Yeah, I understand. It was a, a private school on the Upper East Side and I was a scholarship kid, so I think I had a bit of a resentment. So I would get, you know, just a dime bag and then I would, I would go to the corner head shop when there weren't as many of them back in those days. And, and I'd buy like a little $2 pipe and I'd put like a single hit weed in it, but I'd smoke the green off it. I'd take the first hit. Right. I put plastic bag and then I would sell them the pipe and the single once smoked tin. That's good business. So, so not this is amazing. Not only were you selling, but she was selling the experience.


Yeah. And then this is, this is what I thought was the kicker. They threw you out and then because you were like even then becoming a famous actor, you were on Letterman and they wanted you to come back. Yeah, it's true. It was a scam. So I I I have been watching episodes of your new show Poker Face, which was created by Ryan Johnson of, of Knives Out Fame. And it is amazing, especially to someone of my age, because I grew up with Colombo and those TV shows and I'm watching it and I realize this about halfway into the first episode, and you get to be Colombo, which has got to be the coolest thing ever.


And I I'm assuming you're enjoying it, doing it as much as I'm enjoying watching it. Right. Well, you know, Peter f is such a cutie. Yes. And, And you look good in the trench coat is what I'm saying. Oh, Thank you. Well, But first of all, did you grow up because you, you're younger, did you grow up with those shows like those McMillan and Wife and the, the Mysteries of the Week where that you had a detective who solved a new murder every week? Maybe Murder she wrote was a later but classic iteration of that? I mean, I'm gonna go ahead and say, no, not really. I Are You old? Not that old Peter. He's not as old. I'm old. She's, she's vibrant. I, I come through, I come to my love of sort of Philip Marlow style characters, I guess really through, you know, Altman's the Long Goodbye or even Chinatown or even books, you know, like John FTE and Raymond Chandler and just noir in general.


And I think my love for Peter Falk is really from all the Cassavetes films or Wings of Desire in a way. And of course I'm, I, you know, I I I also, I do, I do like that, that sort of character, you know. Yeah. A great deal. And, but I would not say you necessarily want me on an actual murder scene. I'm not sure. I could definitely crank the case. I have a measure of street smarts though. That is true. And I'll definitely share with Charlie a an obsession with a sort of John Lennon. Just gimme some truth. The, The, the flip side of that though is could you get away with a murder? Ooh. Ah, that's a great question. You know, I, the few I've committed so far Yes.


But apparently yes For me. Oh yeah, yeah. I'm fine. Here I am on NPR. No cops at my door. Yeah. I mean, So far so good. And honestly, those people deserve to die. I don't wanna name, You know, I gotta say, if they pissed you off, I, I I can't blame you. And Thank You and Thank You. Well, Natasha Lyonne, it is really a pleasure to talk to you after watching you for so long. But we have asked you here today to play a game we're calling Poking Faces. So your new show, which we've been discussing is called Poker Face. We thought we'd ask you questions about poking faces. That is Botox injections.


Answer two to three questions correctly, you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose on their voicemail. Bill, who is the amazing Natasha Lyonne playing for Jeremy Know of Chicago, Illinois? Alright, you ready to do this? Yes, dear. Okay, So Botox is a trade name for botulinum toxin. That is the substance that causes the disease botulism. But before it was called that the disease was called what? A sausage poisoning b Satan's Musk or c Stewart.


Yeah, I guess, yeah. Why not? Satan's musk. Satan's musk. No, it was actually sausage poisoning. Yeah. Yeah, because botulism is a food disease and it was first studied. Oh, that so much more said Germany. It does, it was first studied in Germany and in Germany they eat a lot of sausage. Okay, well I look forward to losing here. No, no, you have two more chances. You have two more chances and we're fans and we'll help. Alright, so botulism or rather botulinum toxin. Botox is approved as we know for clinical uses, but it is unique among medicine. YA, you need at least $1 million of life insurance to be allowed to open a bottle of it. B, instead of milliliters, it is measured in mouse units or the amount of Botox needed to kill one mouse.


Whoa. Or C, it can be used as legal tender in Palm Beach. Yeah. Kill a mouse. The killing. It's in fact killing mouses. Yes. Mice, mu mouse units. That's how they measure it. It's such a toxic substance that that's how it is measured. So that's great. You have one more question. If you get this right, you win Botox injections in, in, in addition to their cosmetic effects, right? It paralyzes your skin. It's been shown to have a positive side effect. In addition to that, what is it? A, it makes your skin as hard as Pyrex preventing facial injuries for people who topple over B. It can alleviate depression literally by turning your frown upside down, or C, because it makes you look younger.


It improves your taste in music. Turn your frown upside down. That's it. That's exactly right. Wow. Botox Does have a proven antidepressant effect, and one of the theories as to why is it literally makes it harder to frown. Bill, how did Natasha Lyonne do in our quiz? Two out Of three? That is a win, Liz. She did. Oh, there you go. Natasha Lyonne is the creator and star of the Emmy nominated Russian Dul. Who knew? Show poker face is streaming on Peacock. Now. Natasha Lyonne, Thank You so much for joining us and congratulations on an amazing television show.


It's fabulous. Bye guys. Bye-bye. That's it for our summer bootcamp edition. Remember to tune in after Labor Day to see if all that training paid off. But first, let me tell you, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago and Association with Urgent Aircraft Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Tica writes our lemere, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shana Donald. Our vibes curator is Emma Choi. Thanks to the staff and crew here at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Litman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles dorm boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey. Our drop and give me 20 is Peter Gwen. Technical directions from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello, the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell me, is Michael Danforth?


Thanks to everybody you heard all our panelists. Our guests, of course, Bill Curtis, our fabulous and patient audience here at the Studebaker Theater. And thanks to all of you out there for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back with a new show next week. This is NPR.


Singapore is one of the busiest cities in the world, but biologist Philip Johns is fascinated by a different inhabitant on the island Otters. At rush hour downtown, the otters would swim toward each other and there literally tens of thousands of people who are on their way to work, How ideas, emotions, and creatures coexist. That's next time on the Ted Radio Hour from NPR.


This is Tanya Mosley, co-host of Fresh Air. You'll see your favorite actors, directors, and comedians on late night TV shows or YouTube, but what you get with Fresh Air is a deep dive. Spend some quality time with people like Billy Eilish, Questlove, Ariana Grande, Stephen Colbert, and so many more. We ask questions you won't hear asked anywhere else. Listen to the Fresh Air Podcast from NPR and WHYY.