
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR. I'm WBE Z Chicago. This is, Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm back bitches. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. But just to say it again, Thank You Bill. We're so glad to have you back. Now, a lot of people have actually gotten in touch to ask maybe with some concern where you've been these last six weeks. Can you reveal it?


I can't reveal much, but let's just say this Brazilian butt lift didn't happen on its own. Well, it's great to have you back and we're also delighted that comedian Roy Wood Jr. Will be joining us later to play our games. And mainly we are delighted that you folks listening can also call in to play. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hey. Hey. Who is this? This is Adam from Kansas City. Oh, it's a great town. We were there just, just a few months ago. What do you do there? I'm a, I'm a musician and I do mortgage loans.


So you're a musician, but like on nights and weekends you do mortgage loans 'cause that's your true passion. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Something's gotta pay the Bill. Yeah. You sit there, you sit there gigging, you know, doing your music and you're thinking, wow, tonight I get to originate a mortgage. You nailed it. Yeah. Well welcome to the show Adam. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First, a comedian who will be performing at Cobbs Comedy Club in San Francisco on March 23rd. It's Helen Hong. Hi Adam. Hi everybody. Hi Next. He is a humorous Deto Impresario in the founder of Hatch Space Community Woodworking Shop and School in Brattleboro, Vermont.


It's Tom Bodett. Hey Adam. And a comedian who will be in St. Paul, Minnesota on March 21st at the Fitzgerald Theater. You might have heard of that. It's Paula Poundstone. Hey Adam. Hey. So Adam, welcome to the show. You're gonna start us off with who's Bill this time. I'm so pleased to say Bill Curtis back with us is gonna read you three quotations from the week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. The voice of anyone from our show you might choose on your voicemail. Are you ready to go? Yes. Alright, let's do it. Here is your first quote List five Things you did last week.


Alright, Adam, who got that email? Me? Wasn't it supposed to be every government employee? Yes, every federal employee. Wow. Including some in this Room, including somebody in the audience. Yes. Employees at every federal government agency received an email from the Office of Personnel Management over the weekend requiring them to list five things they had accomplished that week or they would lose their jobs. This is part of Elon Musk's crusade to fire as many government workers as he can. You know, the people who waste taxpayer money doing useless, busy work, like keeping planes from running into each other.


I think this would be hard for anybody in any industry. Like, well That's The thing. I mean, I couldn't do it. I can't think of three things I did in my life. I can think of one thing, I'm a standup comedian, so my first thing was, think of a funnier word than spatula and then it just devolved from there. Right. Is there a funnier word than spatula? No, not that I could find. That was the, yeah, I'm, I'm self-employed so I knew the note was coming. Who sent it? Did you send it to yourself? I did, yes. Yeah, yeah. You know, you were like, it's time to see what that Poundstone woman does to earn her keep.


I'll tell you something, sometimes I see that look in my eye and I know heads are gonna roll, But apparently, you know, some people like Got it in Compton attitude. You want five things I did last week. Your mom, your mom, your Mom, your Dad, And your mom. That was definitely from someone at the DMV probably. Alright, here is your next quote. Adam. This is the best thing to happen with sports in a long, long Time. That was somebody over on Twitter reacting to the latest attempt to modernize baseball for spring training. Major League baseball is trying out umpires who are what? Ai.


Yes. Their robot umpires very good. During spring training, major league baseball is experimenting with robot umpires to help call balls and strikes. The technology required to do this is amazing. Do you know how complicated it is to weld on a protective cup? Who is, are they gonna teach the robots to spit? 'cause that's all I see them doing ever is spitting and chewing gum and then making like weird hand gestures. You're not a baseball fan, are you? No. There'll be a little port that'll just spit out sunflower seeds every once in a While. No, what it is, is it's an, it's an automated system that uses lasers and cameras to judge the strike zone and see where the ball goes in it.


And they act as fact checkers for the human ump. So if a player thinks the ump got a call wrong, he can appeal to the robot and they get better results if they start the request with, oh my silicon overload. Beseech your judgment. Well, it seems like there's a lot of jobs opening up for robots. I think when I get that, that prompt. Are you a robot? I'm gonna start saying yes. I mean, you're hired. Yeah. Good idea. Yeah. Elon Musk can, can send out a note to the robots. Tell, tell me five things you did This week. Is there ever an end to the baseball season? I feel like Another, another fan.


Yeah. Well, I just, it's not that I dislike it, I just feel like, well, aren't there some months where they play it and then they stop? Yeah, they, they generally stop, But then there's more talk about it. But that's when we talk about it. Right. I see. Adam, your last quote is a headline from The Economist. Amazon Gains a thrilling new asset. What thrilling and handsome new asset did Amazon just acquire the rights to? Oh my gosh. Can you gimme a Clue? I'll, I'll I can give you a hint. Like instead of one day delivery, it'll be oh oh seven days delivery. Oh God.


The James Bond Series. James Bond, yes. They bought the rights to James Bond. I I hope when you give me hints, they're a lot like that last one. Yeah, because that was, that was all but packaged for Adam. I Yeah, it's true. Amazon has bought the rights to the James Bond franchise. It, which is good. I guess they'll make more movies, but it will not be the same when Q is like, I know you're used to carrying a Wolf or PPK oh oh seven, but Amazon's Choice is an a major seven shot handgun with carrying case. Yeah. And, and of course they've made, they haven't made, they haven't announced exactly what they're gonna do with him, but they have said in the first Amazon Made Bond movie, he'll be fighting a true global supervi local bookstores.


Ah, And I thought he was dead. And of course it's not just gonna be movies 'cause they own the whole ip. As as the saying is, they could make a oh oh seven sitcom where James Bond lives in Brooklyn with his quirky waitress roommate trying to make ends meet. They could make a kid's version. James Bond babies Jimmy Bond exactly Where he fights. Like Gold Pinky. No, Mr. Bond. I expect you to cry. Do you think Jeff Bezos just bought it? 'cause he was like, pussy Glory. No, he did ask people once he bought it, he did ask people on Twitter who they thought the next James Bond should be.


'cause Daniel Craig is retired. You know, also asking, can James Bond be bald and should it be me? Bill, how did Adam do in our quiz? The name is Bond and he did Very well. Three in a row. Congratulations Adam. Well done Cheer Betty. Thank You. Right now panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news, Helen, it's well documented that mood swings are one of the side effects of hormonal birth control. I say this as a feminist and an ally. Don't I know it Well, one woman who started taking a new birth control recently reported a rather surprising side effect.


What? Having a baby whoopsie. That would be a very interesting side effect. That would be a horrible side effect. Can I have hint? Yes. She really, really, really wants to know if you'll still need him when he's 64. Being obsessed with Paul McCartney Specifically. Yes. Worrying about him dying. What? That's a side effect of a, of a birth Control. Yeah. Apparently birth control. That's really specific. That's so specific. I I know that's very strange. It's a little weird. That's the thing. I mean, because all women know that birth control is a scientific marvel. It can protect you from pregnancy and make you cry at every TV commercial.


Right? I mean, the avocados came all the way from Mexico. That is so beautiful. Anyway, but this woman says that she experienced a very strange symptom. She went on a new kind of birth control. She cannot stop worrying about Paul McCartney dying. According to the woman quote. Every time I think of him, I start weeping. Ah, doctors are, you know, concerned. It's not serious, but still they're trying a new prescription. It has different side effects. This one, for example, makes you want to murder Paul McCartney. I was gonna say, how do you, how did she know that it was specifically that she got off it and she was like, oh, screw that guy. Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Gosh. And then she went back on it. She was like, oh, Paul. Yeah. Wings is the best. That Is weird.


I, you know, I'd like to see some more studies on that. I think I, yeah, I Think that's, that's A little weird. I think that's their sample size was one. No, The doctor, the doctors do say that this weeping over Paul McCartney that's within normal, you know, limits for mood swings brought on by hormonal changes. They would only start getting concerned if she was weeping over Ringo. No, I disagree. I I think, again, I feel that Ringo is within, you Know, more modern parameters, right? Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean reason reasonable parameters. I have no reason to go on birth control, but I would be willing to go on birth control and worry about Ringo. I just can't contribute to this. You can after you take this, Is there a Viagra version where if you took Viagra Tom you'd be like, oh no, Hootie in the blue Blowfish.


Probably Hootie in the Blue Fish hoot in the blue. Hoo in the blue fish. Yeah. Okay. So there is a side effect where you mispronounce older band's names. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Oh, the bottles. I love the bottles. Yeah. Oh, Peter P. Murray. Oh my god, I love them. Coming up. Our panelists dressed to impress on our bluff The listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at enter.com/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Helen Hong, Tom Bodett and Paula Poundstone. And here he get is your host at the Stu Baker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. Thank You all so much. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff with the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr Hi, you on. Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Samara.


I'm calling from Jersey City, New Jersey. Jersey City, New Jersey. How are you? Yeah, Samara great to talk to you. What do you do there? Well actually I, you know, I raised my kids here and this is the first year they're both off to college, so I'm an empty nester. Wow. Some people find that depressing, but those people, they're nuts. How are you enjoying it? It's okay. My dog and I have sort of a co-dependent relationship now. We hang out together and my husband just deals with us, so it's okay. Well, it's great to have you with us Samara. You are gonna play our game in which you must try to tell truth from Fiction. Bill, what is your topic? That's why I always do a fit check. An outfit can say a lot about a person, show off their personality, show off they had mustard for lunch.


Our panel is gonna tell you about a whole new reason to care about what you wear. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the weight. Waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I'm ready, let's go. Alright, here we go. First, let's hear from Helen Hong. We've all done it spilled red wine on a white blouse or smeared cherry pie on a brand new white dress shirt. But why do we do it? Scientists now may have an answer. Researchers in the deliciousness lab at the University of Pennsylvania Hershey campus noticed a strange pattern in their taste test data, very different reactions to the same foods based on the color of your outfit.


You may know intellectually that it's a terrible mistake to eat a bright yellow curry with your fingers, but if you're wearing white, your intellect seems to be taken out of the question. One researcher told flavor studies weekly. The scientists have no theory as to why white clothing makes everything taste better and dry cleaners hope they never do A scientific study proving that wearing white just makes you want to eat those messy foods. Your next story and style comes from Tom Bodett. Before you head down to the river with your fly rod to outsmart some fish, you might think about wearing something other than your lucky shirt. Fish it turns out, can remember what you wore last week.


When they watch you yank their buddy out of the weeds by the lips, they won't look at a thing you throw 'em. Researchers at the Max Plank Institute of Animal Behavior have established through a series of experiments with actual fish over 12 days in the Mediterranean, that fish can remember what people wear. The experiments were based on divers feeding fish while dressed one way and noting how the fish would go to any diver dressed that way and would not go back to the same diver dressed another way. It's science researcher Mayland Thomas X said in a statement, it really shows that we have strong misconceptions of fish cognition.


The team hopes their study could make humans reconsider the way they treat fish. Like maybe don't keep changing your clothes when you feed 'em just to mess with their little heads. Fish can remember what you were wearing and they probably have opinions about it. Your last outfit bit comes from Paula Poundstone Police in Bay City, Wisconsin arrested Virginia Wener at the local international house of pancakes on a charge of indecent exposure. I spilled boys and bear syrup on my lap. I I thought it was Maple says wellner. I was halfway to the ladies room before the whole top of my leggings was just gone. I wasn't just running around the IHOP with my Mary Ellen on display.


There was a cop right there eating and he didn't believe me. Biochemist Andrea Michaels says this particular spandex synthetic fabric not only disintegrates instantly on contact with boys and berry syrup, but also erodes any other fabric the combination has contact with. It's a phenomenon we've never encountered before. Not that many people use the boysenberry syrup. The Prescott, Arizona Methodist Church Pancake prayer breakfast had several exposures that included Arizona State legislator, Kwang Nian and Pastor Paul Matlock. I didn't even want boysenberry syrup. It was the only one not being used claims Pastor Matlock.


Alright then. An interesting discovery about clothing made This week and reported by one of our panelists, which is it, is it from Helen, the discovery that white clothes actually make your food taste better, which is why you end up smearing it on the white clothes from Tom Fish can remember what you were wearing from the last time they saw you and you know, maybe they won't like it that you've changed. Or from Paula Poundstone boysenberry syrup, the kind that have it IHOP can dissolve most clothing fabrics. Which of these is the real story that we found about clothing in the news? Oh my goodness. Okay, let's try Helen's story about the color and the food You are gonna try.


Helen's story about the fact that wearing white clothing makes you just crave the foods that will stay. No Ha. I was just testing you. Thanks Peter. You were were just testing you were just testing. You were Just, thanks Peter. Alright, so it's Tom's story about the fish. So you're changing your mind. You're gonna go all right with Tom's story. Okay. Alright. Well, to find out if that was the right choice. Let's listen to this. It kind Of goes against our understanding of fish as like maybe not the smartest creatures. That was Sarah Hashmi, who is a science journalist at the Smithsonian Magazine. Congratulations, Samara. You got it right. You earned a point for Tom and you've won our prize.


The voice of your choice and your voicemail. Congratulations Samara. Thank You so much. Thank You. Thank You. Thank You. And now the game where we ask famous people about obscure things. It's called Not My Job. Roy Wood Jr. Became famous in the last decade or so on The Daily Show, but he's been doing standup since he was 19. He's got a new standup special now out on Hulu Lonely Flowers. And he's also the host of, have I Got News for you on CNN? Which is of all things a comedy quiz show about the week's news.


What an idea. Roy Wood Jr. Welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hey, This is a nice concept. Yeah. Very Familiar with it. Yeah. It's like, yeah, we've had comedians in the show, we've had podcasters in the show, we've had game show hosts on the show. We've never had anybody who has exactly my job on the show. So it's, it's a lot harder than it looks, isn't it, Roy? It's very hard. Yeah. This is very difficult. Yeah, it's, and I don't have Smooth Bill Curtis making everything feel better. It's, I Look at the smile on his face, Peter, you can tell it's not hard for him at all. He's just trying to get you off his back.


I have another show that I'm getting ready to host called Fortune of the Wheel and Letters S Yeah. Smart. Very smart. Very smart. I want to talk about your new special Lonely Flowers, which is truly great on Hulu. And I found out some things about you that, and this is my fault, I did not know, including that you started doing standup when you were 19 years old. Yeah, Yeah. Which Is amazing. I was still in school at Florida a and m. Yeah. Right. And, and and what inspired you to, to pursue that difficult life? I, it didn't seem difficult. It was just like, just drive and talk to strangers and I get paid in gold schlager and rumple mi this seems like an ideal career path.


And I, I was going to school for journalism and I would get laughs and so I was like, all right, well this feels like comedy. I'm gonna go do that. And I would just sleep in bus stations and do standup, get back to Tallahassee on Monday and go to Golden Corral that night work and just go to class the next three days. And that was my life. I I I, there are a couple things about that that I wanted to ask you about. One of which is that you have said that, that that job at Golden Corral, which is a buffet, was like one of the most important formative experiences of your life. Yeah. I I think that every American should either serve in the military a year or the food service industry for three years Getting in here.


Those two because especially the restaurant industry. Because when you work in a restaurant, especially a midsize like that, with a staff of about 40 to 50 back in front of house, that job, your first job as a teenager, that's the first time you encounter adults who don't give a about you. Most adults, I'm serious. Most adults in your life up until that point have a vested interest in you being okay. Right. But I worked with a dude we literally called cocaine Mike. This is a man who's 39 and doesn't care what 18-year-old Roy. And he's gonna talk to you about life. And I feel like it also introduces you to every type of American.


I worked in North Florida. So everything from white supremacists to nuns to pastors, to gang bangers, to co You meet literally every type of person and you have to figure out a way to connect with them. It's hands down, the best life school I ever got was two 13 an hour in Tallahassee, Florida. Wow. That's amazing. Just outta curiosity, This is like the best commercial for Golden Corral I've ever heard in my life. You've been, you And those bastards have never reached out. You want McDonald's Reaches out to all of their like old, this is Macy Gray. She, you look at Macy Gray put on the apron, they never reach out.


Really? The First time I have ever wanted to go to a Golden Corral In my life. But here's the question. You've been pretty famous for at least a decade on tv, the Daily show, a lot of other things. Has anybody who like knew you back then reached out and said, RO I was the white supremacist. Remember me? I was The guy from the Nazi tattoos. I'm Cocaine Mike, For example. I don't know where cocaine mike is, but I sure hope that prison has NPR There's Another story you tell in the special, which I actually, and I was unexpected 'cause it's extremely funny and I didn't expect to be moved. It, it, it, you start back when you were staying in bus stations 'cause you couldn't afford hotel.


And the story is, is that, is that your mother found out somebody, somebody ratted you out to your mom and Yeah. And she didn't know you were out doing comedy. Right. She had a student that was a, a baggage handler at the bus station. And he went to her class. She was a college professor and he went to my mom's class the next day and said, Dr. Wood, I saw your son sleeping in a bus station. You ain't seen none of my damn sons sleeping in no bus station. My baby in Tallahassee. No, he is not choice. He's, he's downtown. He's sleeping at the bus station. And so my mom never agreed or understood why comedy was what I wanted to do, but she was the one who put down for what ended up being my first road car because she didn't want me sleeping in bus stations.


And it was essentially, I don't know why you do this, but you seem focused. Your grades have gotten better. Here's a car so you won't sleep in the bus stations. To which I said Thank You. And like that car extended my reach. It changed everything. And I think my mom's objective was to get me the car so that I could drive back to Tallahassee after the show. But instead I would now just travel twice as far and sleep in the car. Right In bus station parking lots. And, Well, Roy, it is so great to talk to you and we have asked you here to play a little game with us.


This time we're calling the game. Have we got Boo for you? So you host CNN's. Have I got news for you? Nice. We're gonna ask you three questions about ghosts and hauntings. Boo. I believe in ghosts by the way. You do, Boo. Do you have any reason to Oh yeah. Leaving ghosts. Yeah, I was, I was dating a widower and we were trying to have sex and I kept getting a Charlie horse and I feel like it was a dead husband. Does Joyce know about this? No, she doesn't know about it. My baby ain't having no sex round no more.


Oh, Joyce, You can't say that. This isn't CNN Roy. We can't, my, we can't go blue here on NPR. Well, all right. Knowing both your belief in the supernatural and the reasons, therefore I will still proceed. Bill, who is Roy Wood Jr. Playing for Peter grieving Of Clarksville, Georgia? All right, here's your first question. One of the most famous hauntings in US history was the Red Ghost. The spirit that haunted rural Arizona in the late 18 hundreds. People were quite relieved though, when the Red Ghost turned out to be, what was it?


A, a vaudeville comedian who was trying to promote himself as being dead funny, be a Bassett hound, which no one in Arizona had ever seen before. Or CA feral camel that had been a part of a failed camel cavalry in the US Army. Ooh, I That feels like a C. Give me, give me C Gimme the camel cavalry. You got it. And that's correct. Nice. It was a camel. It had runaway from the Camel Cavalry. It was out enjoying itself. People would see it and get scared. The Army Camel Corps, by the way, was created by Jefferson Davis.


One of his many, many good ideas. Alright. Alright. Second question. Every country has their own legends of ghosts, their own versions. In Japan, for example, you could be visited in the middle of the night by a Kami kiri, a ghost that does what? A, gives you a really, really bad haircut. B just sits, looks at you, shakes its head sighs and leaves or C raids your refrigerator and invariably steals what you were saving for lunch the next day. I don't, I don't. Japan has a lot of customs around food.


That's true. So I don't think a ghost would be disrespectful on the food side Of things. Not even a ghost. Yeah, I can see that. I can see that Logic give be bad haircut. I've seen some bad haircuts in Asia. I've been over there a couple times. Maybe it was a ghost that did It. So your choice is a the haircut Roy is right. He picked correctly. Wow. Wow. It's Okay. Stories spread back in olden days about people walking down the streets of Japan and all of a sudden their hair would fall to the ground without them noticing it was the Kari. You're doing very well. Roy. One more question for you. Okay, last question. A lot of people believe ghosts are real. In fact, so many people believe in ghosts, which of these is true?


A, in New Mexico you can drive in the carpool lane if you have a ghost in the car. B. Vermont taxpayers are allowed to claim a ghost as a dependent, or C. If you are selling a home in New York, you have to disclose if it is haunted. And I, as much as I want to believe that New York has to declare ghosts, New York won't even declare bad pipes moving to these places. And it's all types of stuff. Vermont seems like a nice, fun, happy go lucky type of place. Give me claiming a ghost on the taxes. No, it was In fact, if you sell a house in New York, you have to tell people if you believe the house is haunted.


Bill, how did Roy Wood Jr. Doing our quiz Two out three gives you bragging rights for your panel. Congratulations Roy. You won. Yay. Roy Wood Jr. Is a comedian and the host of CNN's, have I got news for you? His new standup special Lonely Flowers, which is both funny and a little heartbreaking, is streaming on Hulu. Roy Wood Jr. What a joy to talk to You. Thank You so much with us. Great pleasure to talk to you, a brother and quiz. Take care. Bye-Bye, Roy. Thanks Roy. In just a minute, bill reveals the number one sign. Your man is cheating in the Listener Limerick challenge.


Call one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait. Don't tell me from NPR pr,


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on while getting Ready, making DEO, or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Tom Bodett, Helen Hong and Paula Poundstone. And here again as your host at the Stu DeBaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thank You so much for just a minute. Bill loads up at the All you can read Limerick Buffet in our Listener Limerick challenge game. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Paula, if, if you really love a movie, we all know you can buy a poster for the movie.


You, maybe you can get a t-shirt with a movie. You can even these days get a commemorative popcorn bucket where you go to see it in the, in the theater. But these days, apparently the newest, hottest kind of movie merchandise is what The star comes and lives with you for a weekend. That'd be nice. I guess depending on the movie. Yeah, I De Niro. Yeah. Really? You'd go for De Niro right away? Yeah. No, he stayed with me for a weekend. Yeah. How was that? You know, he's a nice guy, but cursing. Well that's good for you. But that was not the answer. Do Gimme a hint. Would you? Oh wow. Wow. What is that you're wearing? Is that Top Gun Maverick? I smell. Oh, a a fragrance. Yes. Movie tie in fragrances. If You watched Nosferatu say and said to yourself, man, I wish I could get a whiff of those rats, you can now buy od de Mac Cob.


That's real. It's a cent inspired by the film. It has notes of Lilac Moss, wetstone and desperate marketing exec flop sweat. Yeah. There's a reach. You know, even like when a celebrity comes out with their own right, you go, you know, you're like, okay, did they go in the lab and make that? No. Did they like take scrapings from them and make it No. You know, I remember when Cher first, she was one of the first celebrities ever owned scent. And I just, it just always irked me. Somehow. I just, you know what, who, I like Cher, but I don't wanna smell like her necessarily. I, that's weird. I don't wanna smell anything that has scrapings off of anyone.


Tom, the computer company, HP wanted to encourage more people to use their website to get customer service. So they came up with what innovation on their toll-free telephone helpline. Well, like what they all do, they just put you in an endless loop of options until you reach the one that says, or you can check our website@hp.org and you won't waste your entire life listening to these options unless you'd like them to start again. Press eight. I'm gonna give it to you. Because basically what they did was they kept everybody on hold a minimum of 15 minutes. Oh. Oh, That is so low life. Right? It Really is. You know What? There's God, you know, if we still prosecuted people for crimes, they should be prosecuted.


They, they chose 15 minutes. 'cause science has shown that's as much hold music as the human brain can withstand. And basically they decided to drop, this was was in Europe and their helpline in Europe, and they decided to drop this policy because they were caught. Oh. And the problem was that people were so furious that when they did finally hang up the phone and go online, many of the AI chatbots quit saying they couldn't take the stress. What Happened to the people who stayed on longer than 15 minutes? They dead. They finally get, they're All dead. Yes. The people, if you, if you were willing to brave it out, they would eventually sort of give in and somebody would, somebody would answer. You'd get a customer service person who'd be like, Ugh, fine. What is it?


The one guy. One Guy, Paula, it's stylish to get a layered haircut or wear layered clothing. But the latest trend is layering your what? Ooh chin. I'll give you a hint. Well, it's sure not a secret anymore. It's a new degree of dry idea Layer. Oh, layering your anti purse part. Yeah. Your deodorants. Yes. Oh geez. The hut new beauty hack is to give yourself a custom scent by combining fragrant products like perfumes, lotions, and deodorants. Consider this a shot across the bow for you folks who forgot to put on one layer of deodorant this morning. I, I don't really belong on the earth any longer Really.


No. This is finally what inspired you to ask the mothership to take you home. Everything you've put up with. I'm so glad this is just catching on. After raising three teenage boys and going through those periods where the house is just a cloud complex. Carbon molecules axe body spray. Oh yeah. And just trying to imagine that mixed with the Old Spice. No, it's a repulsive idea. Yeah. Really. No, I couldn't. But if you are thinking of trying this yourself, just remember you wanna hit all 4 cents. Salt, fat, acid, and heat coming up.


It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch this most weeks right here at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. You can also see us on the road. We'll be at the Walt Disney Theater at the Dr. Phillips Center in Orlando, Florida on March 20th. For tickets and information, just strolling over to NPR presents.org. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this Is Corbin Weer calling from the Kansas City Metro area. Hey, the Kansas City Metro area. Thank You for identifying that. What do you do there In the Kansas City metro area? I work for a physician member organization and my team and I handle all things related to public health for the organization.


Oh wow. Do You realize that it may just be fall to you to do it for the whole country? 'cause no one else will at this point. Yeah, it's been a really long year. Well, welcome to the show Corbin. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly and two of the limericks, you will be a winner. Are you ready to apply? I am. Here is your first limerick Cheating men can make first dates feel bitter. I'll make sure that he's ready to quitter. 'cause my bright shiny flakes helped point out his mistake when I hug him.


He covered in Dander. Dander. No, No. Try. Sorry. One more Time. Let's hear it again. Let's hear it again. Cheating men can make first dates feel bitter. I'll make sure that he's ready to quit her. 'cause my bright shiny flakes help point out his mistake when I hug him. He's covered in glitter. Yes glitter. Apparently the latest thing for those young women going out to the clubs is they douse themselves with glitter spray before they go out as a way to ward off men who are cheating on their partners. The idea is that men who are in relationships will avoid cheating with someone wearing glitter.


'cause they're afraid they'll get glitter all over them and they partner will notice when they go home. Hey, I think I finally figured out why I keep getting in trouble whenever I come home from my guy's craft night. Yeah. Yeah. That could be it. Yeah. Peter, you got a little something on your head. Yeah. You go to Michael's for men too. Yeah, exactly. Alright, here is your next Limerick. Trending fashion serves more than hot looks. We think literacy's a strong hook, but no, there's no need to turn pages and read. We take pictures of models with Books.


Yes. Yes. Very good fashion brands like J Crew, Prada and Tiffany's are now using books to appeal to female consumers. A tactic. Straight men on the subway have been using for years. So are these women models in women's clothes? Like Yeah. Yeah. It's hot to be smart is that thing. It's hot to be smart and at home alone with your books, I guess. I don't know. I feel that way. Yeah. Yeah, me too. We're ahead of the curve fashion wise, Tom. Alright, here's your last Limerick. A podiatrist. I'd love to meet or my gimmick is hard to repeat My toes. Immense pain is the Internet's gain as I drop heavy things on my Is it feet?


It is feet, yes. And a trend and a trend that doctors are praising for letting them buy a new summer home. Hundreds of people on social media are filming themselves, dropping heavy objects on their own feet and then rating the pain on a scale from one to weight. Oh my God. My thirst for clicks has made me a fool. I see that now. Wow. Do you, do you see why I feel I don't belong on the earth? Dirty. I know. Wow. I, I would not a do that and b, I would not enjoy viewing that. No, but people do. It's amazing. It it, yes. Some of the objects dropped on feet in these videos include cases of soda, air fryers, vacuum cleaners. Those are especially popular 'cause you can use them to clean up the bone fragments.


Yes. Is is this like a, like a, like that tide pod challenge kind of thing where you, it's sort of like that you do something Really? Yeah. And it sort of catches on and people start posting and they try to outdo each other. Well that guy dropped a vacuum. I'll drop a printer or something. But I'm not impressed by people who are doing those videos. 'cause it's silly. I wanna meet the guy who dropped stuff in his feet and doesn't film it. Who just does it for the love of the game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Those are the real players. Yeah. Bill, how did Corbin do on our quiz? Perfect. Score at three and oh, Kansas Strong. Well done. Congratulations. Thank You so much. Good luck being in charge of the entire nation's health.


Yeah. Good Luck. Take Care. I'm gonna need it. Alright,


Bye-bye. I am Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter. She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR


Cell phones. Cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, A podcast from NPR and WAMU.


Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR.


Hey, it's time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Well, it has two. Tom and Helen each have three. Alright, Paula, that means you are in second place. So you're gonna go first. Here we go. Fill in the blank. During his first cabinet meeting, president Trump asked if anyone was unhappy with blank's role in the administration. Elon Musk. Right. According to the new data, the number of Americans filing for blank reached a three month high Unemployment. Right. This week, the USDA outlined their strategy to control the spread of blank flu Byrd. Right. On Tuesday, the White House floated the idea of a $5 million gold card offering wealthy foreigners, a direct path to blank Citizenship.


Right. During a daring heist This week a group of thieves in the UK stole blank from Blenheim Palace, I don't know, a big painting, A golden toilet. On Wednesday, a Texas-based space company launched a craft headed for the blank. The the headed for the the moon. Right. On Thursday, a study found a link between Extreme blank and Accelerated Aging. A study found between extreme depression, No extreme heat. Oh. This week President Trump sent the Oval Office's resolute desk to be cleaned and refinished. And many suspect it was because Elon Musk's small sun blanked Wipe book on it. That's Exactly right.


During their joint press conference last week in the Oval Office, sharp-eyed viewers noticed Elon Musk's little kid pick his nose and then wipe it on the resolute desk. Trump then immediately sent the antique desk to be deep cleaned and refurbished. Which was understandable, I guess, but sadly means now that all of FDRs boogers are lost to history. Yeah, usually there's a a little drawer for that. Yeah. Bill, how did Paula do in our quiz? She Got six more points. 12 right? Gives her a total of 14. Doing well. Here we go.


Alright, I'm gonna arbitrarily pick Helen to go next. Fill in the blank. Helen. On Tuesday, the FAA confirmed that two blanks nearly collided in Chicago airplanes. Right. On Wednesday, Israel said it would not remove its troops from Egypt's border with blank Gaza. Right. This week, health officials in Texas confirmed the first death from a growing blank outbreak, measles. Right. On Monday, the US reached an agreement with blank to access their rare earth minerals. Canada, No Ukraine. This week a man in Washington state was arrested after he crashed a car at an intersection. One day after he had blanked, Crashed a car at an intersection, Close enough, crashed his car at exactly the same intersection. Wow. On Tuesday, Amazon unveiled a revamped version of their digital assistant.


Blank Alexa, Right This week, a restaurant in Japan that had gotten a couple of bad reviews, decided to deal with that by blanking, Giving out free sushi. No. They responded to the bad reviews by putting a bounty out on the heads of the reviewers Ramen shop in Kyoto, Japan got a pair of very negative reviews and handled it in the normal way. They posted pictures of the reviews. Wow. And offered a hundred thousand yen to anyone who could provide personal details, addresses, or quote, take action against them. What? True? You can learn all about it in the fabulous new documentary. Giro Dreams of Murder. That's a job opening there in Japan. If everybody's Looking, bill, how did Helen do in our quiz?


I've right 10 more points. Total of 13 is just one less than Paula. Mm. All right, so how many then does Tom need to win? Six to win. Here we go. Tom. This is for the game. On Tuesday, speaker of the House, Mike Johnson announced that the house had approved a sweeping blank plan. The spending bill, Yeah. Budget. On Wednesday, Jeff Bezos announced that the opinion section would be blank, would now focus on quote, personal liberties in the free market. Jeff Bezos, wait. No Opinion. Section of the blank. Oh, I'm sorry. Washington Post. Right. On Thursday, the White House hosted Ke Stormer, the prime Minister of the Blank Britain. Yes, the uk. According to a new report, 70% of food in the US is ultra blank.


Unhealthy, Ultra processed is the answer. After being released from prison, after serving a 30 year sentence for a crime he did not commit. A man in Hawaii celebrated by blanking, I don't know, committing of three felonies. No. Going to Costco. You can't blame him. On Thursday, the Vatican said that Blank's Health was showing slight improvements. The Pope right after her contact lenses kept disappearing. A woman in China was thrilled when she found five of them behind, blank Behind her eyelids, Close enough behind her eyeball while treating the woman for an entirely different issue, doctors in Beijing found five contact lenses tucked away behind the woman's eyeball. When she asked how the contact lenses got back there, she was told good news.


Apparently they were looking for these car keys. Bill, did Tom do well enough to win? Well, He got five rights, 10 more points, but his total of 13 is one short of Paula. Paula, There You go. In just a minute, we'll ask our panelists. Now that Amazon has acquired James Bond, what's the next beloved movie character Jeff Bezos will take over. But first let me tell you, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Goer writes our Limb X. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater.


BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles MBOs and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Blind Roberson and Monica Hickey. Key grip number three. That's Peter Gwynn. Our jolly Good fellow is Hannah Anderson. Emma Choi is our vibe curator, technical Directionist from Lorna White. Our CFO's Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian, swallowed by a whale chill log and the executive producer, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Michael Danforth now panel? What character will Amazon buy next and what will they do with him? Helen Hong Amazon will take over the planet of the Apes franchise and offer a new dish in its grocery stores called Planet of the Crepes. Tom Bodett. In a world where it's all about the stuff, Amazon presents a good day to buy hard And Paula bounce down.


They're gonna take over jaws, they're gonna buy the Jaws franchise. They're gonna make Jaws five, and the tagline will be, this time no one cares. Well, the depend of that happens. We're gonna ask you about it on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You so much and great to see you again. Bill Curtis, thanks also to Tom Bodett, Helen Hong and Paula Poundstone. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at the Student of Baker Theater on Michigan Avenue in Chicago, Illinois. And thanks to all of you for listening wherever you may be. I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back with a new show next week.


This is NPR R. This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card, you earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark. Cash plus terms apply


These days. There is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR.