(0s):
This message comes from Capital One, access comprehensive solutions from a top commercial bank that prioritizes your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at capital one.com/commercial member FDIC.

(14s):
This message is sponsored by Udemy. If you're looking for new ways to get ahead, then your Udemy's kind of person, Udemy helps learners like you upskill in ai, productivity, leadership and management and more learn at your own pace from real world experts. You can also prep for certifications that show employers what you know upskill for their career you want@udemy.com.

(43s):
From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Hey there man. I am the voice that shines so bright you won't even need your stupid lighthouse. I'm Bill Curtis And here is your host at the Merrill Auditorium in Portland, Maine. Peter, stay golf. Thank You Bill. Thank You everybody. So good to see you. We are delighted to be back in Maine today, This week of all week as all of Maine is celebrating homegrown six foot nine basketball Phenom Cooper Flag from the tiny town of Newport, Maine who went number one in the NBA draft This week, which is amazing.

(1m 36s):
So great for Maine. He'll be the only star in the NBA to play in size 26 LL Bean duck boots. Later on, we'll be joined by another local legend actor and director and Portland Native Anna Kendrick. We'll be with us, but first it's time for your homecoming. Give us a call. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Now let's s welcome our first listener contestant This week. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hey Peter, this is Brandon from Littleton, Colorado Of Denver. Hey, I know Littleton outside of Denver. What do you do there? Yeah, I'm an executive coach who works with CEOs and others and on leadership and emotional intelligence.

(2m 20s):
So I spend a lot of my time trying to figure out why CEOs and staff members cry in staff meetings. I'm not an expert, but I think I know. Well, Welcome to the show Brendan. Let me, I introduce you to our panel This week with us in Portland. First she's a comedian and a writer for TV shows like a man on the inside Pachinko and late night with Seth Myers. It's Karen Chee Woo. Next. He's a comedian who's brand new comedy. Special positive reinforcement is available on YouTube right now. Well wait till after the show. It's Josh Goleman and a legendary comedian you can see at the Greenwich Odium in East Greenwich, Rhode Island on August 15th.

(3m 10s):
And who hosts the weekly comedy podcast? Nobody listens to Paula Poundstone. It's Paula Poundstone. So Brandon here we all are. Let's get started. You're gonna play who's Bill this time? Bill Curtis of course is gonna recreate for you three quotations we found in the week's news. Your job, simply explain or just, you know, tell us who's talking with two outta three of those and you will win our prize. The voice of anyone you may choose for your voicemail. You ready to do this? Sounds great. Alright, let's do it. Here is your first quote. We destroyed the nuclear. It's blown up to kingdom. Come. That was someone talking about a nuclear that wasn't fact blown up to kingdom come.

(3m 55s):
Who was it? I believe That's, I believe that's Donald Trump. It Was President Donald Trump. Yes. Very good. Trump said the US quote, obliterated around's nuclear weapons program in last week's bombing. But then his own intelligence agency said, actually they just set the program back by a few months. All those bombers did was wreck the entrances to the facilities before turning around and flying home. Basically a half a billion dollars to play ding dong ditch. But mission accomplished everyone. The Iranian nuclear program no longer has a foyer That that bench swing out front.

(4m 37s):
Gone, gone, gone. And And my guess is they'll be cool with it. Yeah, they probably don't mind no Fun. They have to get rid of the bench swing. The White House has This week responded with fury to anybody reporting that it wasn't a complete success. Saying those people who dare report that are insulting the brave pilots on the mission, but it's not the military's fault. They were also tired from having to march in the parade. It's, it's tough. 'cause I am, you know, I, I'm pretty against a war as a concept and it's like the parade was bad too, but at least nobody got hurt.

(5m 21s):
Like there weren't even sunburns at that parade 'cause nobody was there. So Yeah, It was the safest parade we've had in a while. Yeah. Know some very positive things came outta that parade. For example, I'm using the squeaky tank sound as my ringtone. This was, this was the famous video where you could hear the tank squeak because there was just no crowds making any noise at all. It sounds like someone in the tank was having fun. Well why not Karen? No woman's watching Brandon. Here is your next quote.

(6m 1s):
Let's burnout more babies. That was a wellness influencer talking about this hut. New trend. Influencers persuading women to give up what Working. Yeah. Give Up their jobs. The hut new trend is traditional wives shortened to trad wives or just t wives for people who are in a rush. 'cause they're going into labor again, this means, this lifestyle means lots of kids. No job. And hey, while we're at it, no vaccines. Well As you heard the pitches for less burnout, more babies because who hasn't met someone with a bunch of kids and thought, you know, you seem really well rested.

(6m 50s):
Do you, there's now, do you have to have the kids or do you just have to kinda like give up on having a career? 'cause I might be a male trad wife if it's a second. That's true. And I'm, I could be an unwellness influencer. I honestly think so. I mean, I don't know. Maybe what's happening here is that, you know, they see these trad wife influencers online and a lot of women realize actually it would be nice to have a seven day weekend. I feel like there's something wrong with my algorithm. 'cause I think mine is going the opposite where I just see so many men fishing that I've decided this summer I'm gonna start fishing. I Think Josh, you're going trad wife. I'm going rad husband. Where Do you see men fishing?

(7m 31s):
Like all over the place. It turns out Idaho is ripe for fishing. Well What, when have you been to Idaho? I haven't. That's what I'm saying. It's on my algorithm. I, all the men I see on my algorithm are, are like getting up at 4:00 AM to like sit in a cold plunge till 6:00 AM and then be the CEO of a company that doesn't exist until 8:00 PM So you mean, so it's stuff your computer is showing you? Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, And you didn't ask for it. You didn't like type in ben fishing in Idaho? No, no, no, no. That is, that is kind of a good question though. A Karen Chee adult film search though. Brandon here.

(8m 12s):
Brandon here is your last book. You tell me there's a limited amount and I go, oh my God, I need it. That was somebody talking about the very in demand lab booboos Brandon, what is a lab booboo? Wow. It's either bandaids or breast implants, but I'm not sure. Yeah. Alright. I think I, Now you're not right, but I, I'm just trying to follow your Logic. Everybody does win the whole show. That was Great. That's amazing. I'll give you A hint. These things are the latest in a, a line of, of very similar trends.

(8m 55s):
First there were Barbies, then Cabbage Patch kids and then, or or Dolls. Yeah. Dul. Yes. They're, they're dolls. Very good. Labu boos are the hottest new trend. A brand of collectible, plush toy monster elves. If you haven't seen one picture, a plush rabbit with a hard plastic face with sharp teeth that looks like it's about to bite you. Actually, if you haven't seen one, this is the best way to describe it. If it were a real animal in your house, you would shoot it. People are snapping them up. They're paying thousands for them on the secondary market.

(9m 36s):
They're hoarding them. They're just like beanie babies. Except this time it'll work. It has to, I, I don't know. I've seen cryptocurrency valuations lately. They just keep going up. I think I'm putting all my life savings in Bubu. Why Not? Have you guys seen these things? Yeah, because these were news to me. I saw them in the news all over This week. The Thing is, I think you're supposed to have a labu boo on like you're supposed to add it onto a very expensive luxury bag. Okay. So you need to have that like $10,000 bag first, which is why I just feel like a labu is gonna hit different on my like free New Yorker tote. You need like a Labu Vuitton. Yeah. Now everybody's really excited about these from like Kids to Real Housewives, to the guys at the dump who are just gonna own a bunch of them in about six months.

(10m 20s):
And as I said, the resale market is huge. People are making thousands of dollars right now flipping labu boos. And by the way, flipping Labu Boo sounds like something you'd hear when they dubbed the Sopranos for the Christian Broadcasting Network. What? Nevermind. Well, there's gonna be years from now, there'll be that Laboo restoration show on PPS. This old, This old, this lab. Right? Rest in peace. Labu View album Bill. How did Brandon do in our quiz? He hung in There very well. Let's call him a winner for a good start.

(11m 1s):
There you go. Brandon, Congratulations. Thank You Brandon for playing and congratulations. Thank You so much. Take care. Bye Brandon. Will you be my friend? Till the end. Will you be my friend Right now? Panel this time for you to answer some questions from this week's news, Karen, This week we learned about an exciting new training program in Chicago that aims to give police in the field. What skill? Science? No. Oh, geography. No. Being nice to people. Never. Oh. It's actually a skill that I happen to know.

(11m 42s):
You have been trained in Fishing. I'll give you a hint. Give you a hint. So imagine a cop going like, well, can anybody suggest a place a crime? And no, it's Improv. It's improv. That's the worst. Worst. That's the two worst, The worst thing. Cops in improv. Oh my gosh. Yeah. It's terrible. It's better them doing crowd work. When cops do crowd work, it's just basically batons, you know? Wow. So they can pull you over and go, do you have any idea why I pulled you over? Can you suggest a reason? And you go, I was speeding. And they go, yes. And Coming up, keep your arms and legs inside the ride during our Bluff Listener game.

(12m 35s):
Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with Morey. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR

(12m 46s):
support for NPR in the following message, come from GoodRx. GoodRx helps keep your prescription costs low from diabetes to allergy relief to heart health. Save up to 80% on prescriptions for you and your family and pets too. GoodRx lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find free coupons. GoodRx is not insurance, but may beat your copay price. If you do have insurance beat high prices at the pharmacy, go to GoodRx dot com slash wait.

(13m 16s):
This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices you can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.

(13m 44s):
This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you. With one touch in app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right, rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up@rinse.com and save $20 on your first order

(14m 13s):
From NPR and nobody, BE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Paula Poundstone, Josh Goleman, and Karen Chee. And here again as your host at the Merrill Auditorium in Portland, Maine. Peter, take all. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Right now it is time for the Wait, Wait. Bluff, the listener game called aaa. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait NPR Hi, you on. Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hey, My name is Kate McLaughlin and I live in Royal Oak, Michigan.

(14m 54s):
What do you do there? I am on the communications team at a national private foundation based here in metro Detroit. So I am lucky enough to be able to help promote and support the work of nonprofit organizations in cities all over the country. Well That's great. Does that mean in essence that some rich person has funded this foundation and you get to give away their money Basically? Yes. Do you have any extra? Yeah. Kate, if I could just spell my last name for you. Alright, Kate, it is great to have you with us. You're gonna play the game in which you must probably to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Kate's topic? You Must be this tall to play this Game.

(15m 36s):
It's summer. So theme parks are in full swing, except the full swing ride just got stuck upside down. Well, This week we heard some unbelievable news from a theme park. Pick the one who's telling the truth. You'll win our prize. The white waiter of your choice and your voicemail. You ready to play? I am. Let's do it. First, let's hear from Josh Goleman. There are bugs everywhere, so keep your mouth shut. It sounds like advice a paranoid mafia kingpin would give. But this month it's something you might've heard at King's Island Amusement Park in Mason, Ohio. That's because there were literal bugs everywhere, cicadas to be specific, and they were flying into people's literal mouths. Experts are advising roller coaster riders to keep their lips sealed tight, to avoid swallowing the cicadas, and instead simply allowing the bugs to pelt them in the face.

(16m 23s):
Like six legged hailstones, the park's 15 coasters have been full of patrons trying not to open their mouths to let out. An excited we and are instead forced to emit a bizarre mouth closed. One can only imagine the photos for purchase at the end of each attraction. Rows of children with eyes wide and teeth clenched as if they have just returned from war via the Banshee or the Adventure Express. The cicadas are expected to depart soon, but until then, the attractions at King's Island will remain emotional. Rollercoaster rides as well as physical ones. King's Island Theme Park in Ohio, telling people, if you must scream in the rollercoaster, do it with your mouths closed because of the cicadas.

(17m 10s):
Your next story of some attraction action comes from Karen Chi Theme. Parks are innovating in hopes of attracting more visitors from across the country. They're bringing in virtual reality and 40 D tricks, even adding scents to rides. But nothing compares to Minnesota's Twin City's amusement park whose newest and greatest attraction is Adventure Zone. A ride that does not go anywhere or do anything. That's right. Adventure Zone is a quiet air conditioned room with lots of books and comfortable seating. Elaine JA regular visitor said, I go for the thrill of no thrills. The world is so topsy-turvy right now that what I want from a rollercoaster is absolute stillness.

(17m 53s):
Plus, I love reading and I hate fun. Adventure Zone is the only part of the park where kand and beverages are strictly not allowed, and anyone who talks or even laughs is immediately shushed. Alana Henderson of Minneapolis celebrated her Sweet 16 reading middle March at Adventure Zone. She said, honestly, it was quite the emotional rollercoaster. I have never been rocked harder in my life and I used to be a baby Adventure zone. This is just a quiet room filled with books, a big hit at a Twin Cities amusement park. Your last loop to loop comes from Paula Poundstone.

(18m 34s):
Universal Studios is now selling minion shaped catheters printed with the ubiquitous yellow overall clad cyclops to keep their visitors consuming beverages while they wait in long amusement park lines. People won't buy drinks before they have to wait in lines because they don't wanna have to lose their place in line to go to the restroom. Says Food and Beverage Sales Chief David Kiel. And since the overwhelming majority of any visit is spent waiting in lines, we've been leaving that sales time on the table.

(19m 16s):
Universal tested the introduction of the product discreetly making it available in restroom vending machines where they quickly discovered they couldn't keep the machine stocked. Next, they hope to tackle the low number of food sales, but we don't wanna know how. Alright, one of these things is happening at a theme park this summer, Kate, is it from Josh Yoman that riders on rollers coasters at Kings Island in Ohio are being told to keep their mouth shut if they don't want a meal of cicadas. On the way down from Karen Chee, the next big ride is just a quiet room where you can read in peace.

(19m 59s):
And from Paula Poundstone Minions catheters, which of these is the real story of a theme park in the news? Oh my goodness. Okay, then let's go with the cicadas. You Cicadas the people here in Portland agree with you. So if your choice is the cicadas. Okay, well, we spoke to someone reporting on the real story Cicadas. Were gonna be emerging in the lower billions in 13 states, including Ohio. So keep your mouth closed. That was Kay Sloan, a trending news reporter for the Cincinnati Enquirer on the Cicada Brood terrorizing that area and forcing riders on the theme park rides to keep their mouths closed.

(20m 49s):
Congratulations, Kate. You did get it right. Josh was telling the truth. I I thought it was Karen's. Yeah, we all did. Ultimately. So you've won our game and you've earned a point for Josh just for telling the truth. Thanks so much for playing. Thank You. Take care. Bye-bye. Thank You. Thank You Kate. And now the game we call not my job. When Anna Kendrick was growing up here in Portland and starting her acting career as a young person, she used to take the Greyhound down to New York City for auditions.

(21m 29s):
And since she has gotten an Oscar nomination for the movie up in the air and started the Pitch Perfect franchise as well as many other films, we assume that these days at least she gets to ride in the economy plus section of the bus. And Anna Kendrick, welcome back to Portland and welcome back to Wait. Wait, don't tell me Thank You so much. What a joy. And I I this is not your first time here in the stage of the mayoral Merrill. No, no, no. And I'll say that everybody at the Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Team has been so, so helpful and thoughtful and they, they sent me a map and a picture of the stage door and they told me, but don't worry, a man named Colin will escort you there.

(22m 13s):
Right. And I said, I have walked all the way down Congress Street wearing lion face paint to be in a dance recital. Here I have come here to stand behind Judy Collins for one song in the choir during a Christmas special that she did wearing what can only be described as a Handmaid's Tale esque robe. And I, I, I have come to this stage door to wait in that balcony for 45 minutes in a white button down in black pants just to sing ah, at the Nutcracker. So Oh my God. That's where I know That was her.

(23m 3s):
That's right. Oh, this is, oh, oh. It's so exciting To see you. So, so not to put too fine a pine on it, but you were a theater kid. Oh, can I just say that earlier before we were recording, Paula mentioned that we, we met and that Paula did know my full name and that even though I started listing all the movies I was in, she still didn't know me. And I just wanted to say that I was only listing the movies at her specific request. Oh yeah. No, I Wasn't just, I I she was, I was, she wasn't just like, oh, you were Anna Kendrick and I didn't just start going up in the air end of watch the Accountant pitch. Perfect. Ever heard of 'em? That didn't happen?

(23m 43s):
No. No. Okay. It was, I put Anna in the uncomfortable position. I said, well, where would I know you from? That's a terrible thing to do, Paul. Right. It kind of was. I I, I apologize, but, and then every movie she mentioned, I'm like, no, not that I only mentioned, I I, Paula, I'd like to remind you, I only mentioned one. And then I said, you know, it doesn't really matter. No. And then you took out your phone and you were scrolling Lies. Lies. And then Paula started naming movies she liked and going, were you in that one? Yeah. Anyways, I apologize for, you know, making you feel awkward. No, I love you and I love that we have a rivalry already.

(24m 25s):
That's true. When you were last here, it was a few years ago and, and we talked about Pitch Perfect. And one of the things that I am aware of is that because of those movies, a lot of kids went to college and joined acapella Groups. Yeah. I'm so sorry. Well, I was gonna ask, geez, how, how do you feel about that legacy? I, I feel okay about it. I, I, I'm, I'm into people's hyper specific interests and passions. Yeah. And like, it doesn't matter how dorky it is. I think if you're good at it and you care about it, that's amazing. I will say that over the course, you know, we made three movies and so I, I met a decent amount of acapella people in the course of that time and, and I was very surprised how many of them said, yeah, but I mean, the original versions of the song are always better.

(25m 19s):
Right. What are we doing? You know, like if we're listening to a song, maybe the thing that makes the sound of a drum should be the Drum. So Yeah, it's a self-deprecating community and that's also admirable, I think. Oh, really? Yeah. So those jokes are being made by the acapella people. Yeah. Right. I mean, I hope, my God, I hope it wasn't just three people in the rest of the acapella community are like, well, you're dead to us now. You, one of the things you've done since the last time we talked to you, Anna, is you directed your first film. Yes. And I heard that you did that, and I was like, oh, I'm sure. It's like the incredibly charming, sophisticated, romantic comedy that I would expect from someone like yourself. It is, it is a movie called Woman of the Hour. And it is a real life story about a woman who goes on play by yourself who goes on the dating game back in the seventies when that was a thing and gets matched with a serial killer.

(26m 7s):
Yes. True Story. True story. It's a true story. Yeah. Girl. Yes. Paula, you should see the film. Yeah. She's gonna watch the movie and go, where do I know her? 'cause Paula is a very sophisticated woman of taste and that's why she doesn't know any of my films. I'm just gonna point out, given your vast success in fame, it's annoying that you're funnier than we are. And I'd like you to stop. Well, Anna Kendrick, it is so much fun to talk to you here in your hometown.

(26m 49s):
And this time we have invited you here to play a game. We're calling Pitch Perfect. Beat Female Dog. Perfect. So as we have gone over, you were in the pitch perfect Movies. I love a joke that you have to go. What? Oh, So as we were saying, you were in the Pitch perfect movies, so we thought that we'd ask you about dog shows, answer three questions about dog shows and you'll win our prize. One of our listeners, the voice of anyone they choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Anna Kendrick playing for Ali? Long of Bedford Man. Alright, Neighbor Bedford, Come on, Bedford, Here's your first question. Show dogs are registered under very elaborate names that reflect their, you know, parentage.

(27m 34s):
What was the name of the winner of the 2014 Savannah Dog Show? A snitches Get Stitches by Daylight. B star Fires Spank Me Hard Call Me Crazy. Or C, president Polks Burrito of Joyful Abundance. Oh, this makes me so ha that the fact that it's any one of them makes me really delighted, but I, oh, I guess I'll say a, You're gonna say a snitches get stitches by daylight. No, I'm afraid it was star fire Spank me Hard.

(28m 14s):
Call me crazy. That's who, that's a Dog's name. That is the one that I was like, well that's definitely not It. Definitely not it. But yes, it was a lovely Pomeranian by the way. We are told, alright, you have two more chances. Not a problem. At the 2021 Westminster Dog Show, ripple, the Boston Terrier was well on the way to winning the agility competition. You know what? They're running with the obstacle course when what happened? A, her trainer tripped over his own feet and fell right on her. B, she was distracted by a spectator who pulled out a slim gym and left the course or C she suddenly stopped reconsidering what she was doing with her brief life and just walked away.

(28m 58s):
Well, well, but I really hope it's sees so I'm gonna say, see You, you your hope as a sort of dramatic scene. A moment Yes. Is the dogs running 'em through. Let's imagine how a camps little dogs. Zip, zip, zip. You've seen them go. Alright, You disagree, I get it. What should I say? Wonderful. Then A, They're right. A wow. Wait, have you all seen this? No. This Would be, by The way, a great final scene. That's the one I really didn't want it to be. And yet Was the dog. Okay? Only answer if the answer is yes. I Am proud to tell you that if you see the video and you can, the trainer trips and falls onto her.

(29m 44s):
But she is perfectly fine and in a quite lovely moment before continuing her course, she stops and checks on him to make sure he is fine. Oh, that's very sweet. Alright, Anna, now you've got one more chance. If you get it right, you win it all. A dog show that was staged at a high school in Spain in 2019 had a surprise ending when what happened? A, the winner was revealed to be a small rat with excellent makeup. B. One of the dogs busted three students for drug possession. C, the students tried to feed the dogs food from their own cafeteria and they all refused. Well, what I'm hearing, E so clearly annunciation lessons for all of you.

(30m 37s):
Yes. I do wanna say CI. I'll stick with C. You're Gonna stick with C. Oh my God, the way you're looking at me. Fine. B. Yes. It's B Ah, B. It is B. It was a, oh my gosh. It was a demonstration of police dogs and the dogs did their job. Wow. Somebody gotta teach those dogs improv. Exactly. Bill, ultimately, how did Anna Kendrick do in our quiz? Two outta three. You Won. She wins. I got Anna. Kendrick is an Oscar, Tony and Emmy nominated actor and a proud native of Portland, Maine.

(31m 20s):
She was named a director to watch by variety for her debut Woman of the Hour, which you can stream now on Netflix. Anna Kendrick, what an absolute joy to have you here. Give it up for your hometown girl in just a minute. Bill looks neato in his speedo and our e listener Limerick challenge call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.

(31m 54s):
This message comes from Brit Box. The stories you remember are often the ones you didn't see coming. Brit Box invites you to see it differently with British tv. Shake up the everyday and discover worlds that are new, unexpected, and perhaps just what you were looking for. Stream British series, including new Brit Box original mystery Ludwig starring Peep shows. David Mitchell. Sign up today and get 50% off your first month when you use the code. wait@britbox.com.

(32m 20s):
Support for NPR and the following message come from SimpliSafe. The moment at night you lock up, you want to feel safe. SimpliSafe is the home security system that helps stop break-ins before they happen. AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents detect suspicious activity around your property, no contracts or hidden fees. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash wait to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash wait. There's no safe like SimpliSafe

(32m 56s):
From at PR and WBE E Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Karen Chee, Josh Goleman and Paula Poundstone. And here again is your host at the Merrill Auditorium in Portland, Maine. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a minute tragically, bill gets rhymes disease from a limerick tick bite. If you'd like to play the listener of Limerick challenge, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news, Josh.

(33m 37s):
A recent survey of kids in the US shows 40% of children think bacon is what? Delicious. No. Well it is that, that's not surprising if they thought that. I'll give you a hint. Hey kids. No. Eat all you want. It grows on trees. Oh, they think bacon is a vegetable. Yes. They think it's a plant. Yeah. A survey in the Journal of Environmental Psychology showed that 40% of children surveyed think bacon is a plant. Wow. The same amount of adults think it's a donut topping, which is even weirder. 40% of the children also thought hot dogs were plants. Experts think parents are to blame, of course for shielding their kids from the truth about where food comes from.

(34m 23s):
And they do that by using vague terminology and saying things like, yeah, yeah. Bacon's a plant. What I'm learning from this is we gotta stop surveying kids. They don't know what's going on. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. You gotta make that, that you gotta make 'em slay the animal themselves. This, I think that's the only answer there. That's a really Good solution. Well that's, I mean, look, I, I'm gonna express some sympathy 'cause I've got a a 2-year-old, right. And he loves his toy barn with his little toys, chickens and geese and pigs. And the only thing he will eat are chicken nuggets. Right. So, you know, you'll lie, but don't worry for his fourth birthday, we're getting him the Fisher Price Slaughterhouse Place set.

(35m 9s):
I think that's good. You think I should do that? I worry what it says about our children in general. I, I mean I, I don't know if I exactly knew where Bacon came from when I was a little, little kid, but I didn't think, I don't think I thought it was a plant. Well, what did you think at once? I don't know A thing on my plate that I ate. Do you, how far back should they go? Right, because you're Polly, you're really bringing up a question like, 'cause you go, oh, bacon comes from a pig and you go, where do pigs come from? And you go when a pig loves another pig very much and now you're giving him that famous pigs in the pigs talk. Yeah. Yeah. Pigs in the pigs. Where do you think pigs come from? Josh?

(35m 49s):
Hundreds of people attended a spelling be for grownups This week in Chicago. Surprisingly well attended the winner took home the trophy after spelling promiscuous. Right. So Josh spell promiscuous. Okay. Do I spelling be rules promiscuous? You gotta say it first. Yeah. P-R-O-M-I-S-C-U-O-U-S. Promiscuous. Yes. Promiscuous. Nice. Josh, I'm just, I'm just trying to make Nelly ferdo proud. Well, That's the funny thing because the winning word was promiscuous. The last person who remaining spelled that correctly and won it and she then attributed her success to Nelly Ferdo and her absolute banger of a song for Girl Promis.

(36m 39s):
Hear that Pop stars put hard to spell words in your songs. Educate people. I know, I, that's how I know Prerogative has an R in it because of Bobby Brown and Shania Twain. Both right. We need more of that. Come on Benson Boone. We need a song called Diarrhea Blues. That's how I learned how to spell me from Taylor Swift. Isn't It ME? Yeah. Huh. And that had been really tripping you up before that. Yeah. Wow. She was the problem. Thank You. Just, just catch this on, have you heard of the song of the summer? It's conscientious Pneumonia Coming up.

(37m 25s):
It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us here most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago are catches on the road this summer will be in Salt Lake City, July 31st and at Tanglewood in Western Massachusetts on August 28th. For tickets and information to all of our live shows, just go to npr presents.org and if that's somehow still not enough. Wait, Wait for you. Well, we're on TikTok at waitwait NPR Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Jennifer from Sagu, Texas. Sagu. Now I don't know where that is. Where is it? It is not the middle of nowhere. It's actually the middle of everywhere.

(38m 7s):
Kind of between Austin and San Antonio. Yeah. Middle of everywhere. I love it. What do you do for fun where you live? Well, I'm actually, I like to read and bird watch and stay in the air conditioning. I understand. Yes. Wow. I know an amusement park you're gonna love. Well, Jennifer, welcome to the show. Bill. Curtis is gonna reach for you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly and to the limericks, you will be a winner. You ready to go? All right. Yep. Let's do it. Here we go. Here we go. Here is your first limerick As I swim in the barrier reefs. Bulky trunks often cause many griefs, though some might feel wimpy in suits that are skimpy.

(38m 53s):
I'm eager to sport. Tiny Brief, Right. Tiny briefs according to summer runways and swimwear collections, tiny Speedo style swimsuits are back in for men. GQ Magazine says Skimpy swim briefs are going to have a quote breakout summer, which is actually why most men are terrified to wear them. This makes sense. I heard recently that the new boot, the new beauty standard for men is Butts. Did you Read this? I did not read this. I keep, tell me more, Karen. I've been telling everybody that I read it in the Atlantic and that I couldn't find it, but I Wait a minute. Wait A minute. The Atlantic, The Literary journal, going back to the mid 19th century.

(39m 35s):
I'm really certain I read it on some, you know, on the Cover of the Atlantic, you're telling me? Yeah, yeah. A new analysis of Trumpian foreign policy and Yeah. Men Butts. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like the new beauty standard is booty standard For minute. Yeah, I believe it because it rhymes. Yeah. Thank You. Thank You so much. Are you excited about that? If if it were true? Oh, respectfully yes. What? What about, wait, what are we looking for? Oh, I think We're just like making sure they're there. No, like Fred, you're down a cheek. You're Not gonna get a date For weeks.

(40m 15s):
Listen, you're all laughing at me. But then you go home and Google Butts Atlantic. It's gonna come off. Actually that's a different magazine. Alright, Here is your next Limerick. When I pout, I look trouty and carpi kind of fish like and not like a harpy, much plumper and darker with permanent marker. I'm lining my lips with a Darie Sharpie. Yes. Beauty influencers are recommending pink sharpies to highlight your lips. Taking inspiration from the unsupervised toddler community According To one influencer.

(41m 2s):
It's great to do this. Sharpies are great because they're quote super, super pretty end quote nontoxic, which fun fact, they're not ingesting. Sharpie ink can lead to side effects like nausea, abstaining of your teeth and posting videos of yourself with marker on your face Looking Like you went to sleep at a frat house, party on the couch. This is actually advice given by an under the influencer. Common misconception Here, Jennifer, is your last Limerick. Hormel has just claimed a big loss 'cause a food engineer made a cross switch. Now, competitors' Worsts went from last place to first.

(41m 46s):
They stole secrets from making a sausage. Sausage. Yes. This week, two Hormel employees were accused of selling Hormel's secret recipes to competitor Johnsonville brats. But how much damage can this actually do to the makers of Hormel Chili and DTI Moore beef Stew? Their entire brand is just wet. Cat food for single men is a disturbing accusation of corporate espionage, but not nearly as disturbing as the fact that the sausage secret that was stolen is We don't know what's in it either.

(42m 28s):
I was Hoping it would be like we have To make it with love. Bill, how did Jennifer do in our quiz? We Got a winner from Texas three and oh, congratulations Jennifer and thanks. Thank You guys. Take care.

(43m 1s):
This message comes from Redfin with the Redfin app. You'll know the moment your next place hits the market. Whether you're looking to buy your dream home or rent a suite apartment, give Redfin your gotta have it wish list of property features and you'll receive real-time notifications tailored just for you. Ready to see it up close and personal. Scheduling a tour is just a tap away. Don't wait to find your perfect match. Download the Redfin app and start searching today.

(43m 29s):
Support for NPRs Climate Solutions Week. Rethinking Home comes from the Nature Conservancy. People from all walks of life depend on nature for the food they eat, the water they drink, and the air they breathe for. Strengthening their communities, powering their livelihoods, and safeguarding their health. Nature is common ground for everyone and uniting to protect. Nature can help solve today's challenges and create a thriving tomorrow for future generations. Discover why at nature.org/npr.

(43m 58s):
This message comes from the John de and Catherine t MacArthur Foundation, recognizing extraordinarily creative individuals with a track record of excellence. More information on this year's MacArthur Fellows is@macfound.org.

(44m 12s):
Now it's time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds to which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Josh and Paula each have three. Karen has two. Alright, so Josh and Paula are tied for first. Karen, you're in second place, so you're gonna start us off. The clock will start when they begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Tuesday, Zoran Momani won the Democratic mayoral primary in blank. New York City. Right. On Monday, courts blocked the Louisiana law requiring blank to be displayed in all the classrooms, The and parenthood Brochures. No, the 10 Commandments.

(44m 53s):
On Thursday, lawyers gave their closing arguments in the case against disgraced hip hop artist. Blank. Did he? Right. This week, RFK Junior's new vaccine advisors rescinded recommendations for some blank vaccines. Oh, The good ones, I'm gonna give it to you. Yes. The ones that work. Flu vaccine. In order to avoid costly payouts in any future divorce settlement one NB. A player insisted on including the phrase blank in his prenuptial agreement, I'm sorry, in advance, Almost he said the phrase was, according to the Wall Street Journal, NBA players are known to have affairs. Oh. Oh my heaven's. On Tuesday, Bumble, an online blanking app, announced it was laying off hundreds of its workers dating.

(45m 35s):
Right. On Monday, paleontologists announced they discovered a new species of blank a. A Dinosaurs. Right. This week, protestors in Venice forced Jeff Bezos to change the location of his wedding reception by threatening to fill the canals with blank. A poop. No Amazon employees. No. I'm afraid I have to tell you that you didn't get it and gimme the answer, which was inflatable crocodiles. Bezos announced in the face of these protests, he would move his party from a majestic 16th century building to quote a historic complex of shipyards surrounded by fortified walls. And yes, it was because protestors were going to fill the canals around the original site with inflatable crocodiles. It was a protest that had people around the world saying, brilliant.

(46m 15s):
I love it. Wait, inflatable Bill. How did Karen do in our quiz? Five. Right? 10 more points. Total of 12 puts her in the lead. Pretty well done. Alright, I'm gonna arbitrarily pick Josh to go next. Josh, please. Terrific. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, world leaders gathered in the Netherlands for the blank Summit, nato. Right. On Monday, tropical Storm, Andrea became the first named weather system of the 2025 blank season. A hurricane. Right? This week, the White House announced plans to limit the amount of classified information it shares with blank, the Public Congress. On Tuesday, the Trump administration scrambled to rehire thousands of federal employees fired by blank.

(46m 58s):
Elon Musk. Doshi, right? Doge? Yes. Trying to look on the bright side. The climate minister of New Zealand said that a nationwide gas shortage would definitely help. Blank. It would lower carbon emissions. Yeah. On Wednesday, Cooper flag became the number one overall pick at the blank. NBA draft. Right. On Thursday, astronaut Shsu Chila became the first Indian woman to visit the blank International Space Station. Right. This week, an advertising campaign won an award for the slogan in New Zealand, the best place in the world to blank. Never come back from No New Zealand, the best place in the world to have herpes. The slogan that was part of an awareness campaign along with its campaign won the top prize at the Con Lions Award, which recognizes excellence in advertising.

(47m 46s):
But okay, I know what you're all thinking. Okay. That's great. But will summon, please tell me where the best place in the world to get herpes is. Bill. How did Josh do in our quiz? Yeah. Believe it or not, Josh is on a roll step, right? 12 more points. 15 puts him in the lead. Wow. Alright. How many does Paula need to Win? Well, six to tie gives her seven to win. Here you go, Paula. This is for the Game. Okay. On Tuesday, disgraced a former Trump lawyer, blank was named to the Homeland Security Advisory Council. Oh. Oh no. It was Giuliani. It Was Giuliani. Right. On Wednesday, the Senate held a hearing and a proposed plan that would cut funding on NPR and blank And NPR and PBS.

(48m 31s):
Right. This week, power outages were reported across the country, thanks to record breaking blank heat. Right. According to new data on cardiac illness, US deaths from blanks have dropped 90% Heart attacks. Right This week, firefighters in Utah are under scrutiny after a photo was taken of them blanking at the scene of a fire. Smoking, No. Having a barbecue. On Monday, a new Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback, blank said This season would be his last. Oh, the new Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback. Yes. Joe Namath. No. Aaron Rogers This week a beekeeper in Spain who was pulled over for a DUI attempted to get out of it by blanking. By releasing Bees. Exactly right. According to police, after they pulled him over, the man refused a breathalyzer, walked calmly to the back of his van, opened the door, and sicked his bees on.

(49m 17s):
The officers. Police assumed he was drunk 'cause he was driving erratically down the road. But did they ever consider he was swerving? 'cause the van was filled with bees? Ah, Bill, did Paula do well enough to win? She's competitive. Five, right? 10 more points, but 13 is too short of Josh. Who's our champion? Yay, Josh. Don. For Just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict after Laub boos, what will be the next collecting craze. But first, let me tell you all that. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. It's a production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Car Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Tica writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shayna Donald.

(49m 60s):
Special thanks This week to our old friend Patrick Murray and our new friend, Sina Laredos. Thank to the staff and crew here at the Merrill Auditorium in Portland. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Grobo and Lillian King. Special thanks to Vinny Thomas and Monica Hickey. Our first round draft pick is Peter Gwynn. Emma Choi is our vibe Curator. Technical direction is from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Mike Danforth now panel? What will be the next big collecting craze? Paula Poundstone Bin Raccoon Pals. A collection of raccoons that shouldn't be pet.

(50m 42s):
Karen Chee Cuomo Is there photos of Andrew Cuomo losing to on Mom body And Josh Goleman? You've, You've heard of Labu Boo. Now it's time for Ste Boo. They are whimsical animal figurines that all have the face of Steve Buschemi. Well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it On Wait. Wait, Don't tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis. Thanks also to Karen g Josh Goleman and Paula Fone. Thanks to Cory Morrissey and everybody at Maine Public and our fabulous audience here in Portland, Maine. I am Peter Segel. We'll see you next week.

(51m 31s):
This is NPR.

(51m 34s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Thanks to Dana Farber's foundational work, protein degradation can target cancer causing proteins and destroy them right inside the cell. Learn more at Dana-Farber dot org slash everywhere.

(51m 50s):
This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you're tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.

(52m 16s):
This message comes from Warby Parker, prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.