
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR. And would it be easy, Chicago? This is, Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Take a Michigander at this hunk of man. I'm Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Fox Theater in Detroit, Michigan Theater. Segel. Thank You, bill. Thanks everybody. It's such a great time to be in Detroit. The lions are winning. The tigers made. The postseason downtown is thriving. We assume because we don't live here, that it is all due solely to the efforts of Governor Gretchen Whitmer. He seems nice.


So Later on we are gonna have her here with us on stage so she can take all the credit. But first we want to hear briefly about where you are from before you answer our questions and play our games. The number to call is one triple eight eight. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you on Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Charlie from Cleveland, Ohio. Hi Charlie, how are you? I'm well. Alright. Love that energy. Alright. It's, it's that. It's that fun. Fun Midwestern rivalries we Love. Let me just give you a chance, since you got booed by the Detroiters, here is anything that you as a native of Cleveland would like to say to the people of Detroit in return And keep it clean.


I'm not originally from here. Not his fault. Well, welcome to the show, Charles. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, he's a comedian whose standup special people pleaser is streaming. Now it's Josh Goleman. Hello Next. He's a comedian who will be headlining at Big Laugh Comedy in Fort Worth on December 13th and 14th. It's Hardy Kanda Blu. Hello there. And she's a style reporter for the Washington Post. It's Roxanne Roberts. Hello. Hello.


So Charles, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis, of course, is gonna read for you three quotations from the week's news. Your job. Explain or identify just two of them. Just two. And you will win our prize. Any voice from anyone on our show, for your voicemail? Are you ready to go? Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. Let's do it then. All right. Charles, Christmas season is almost here. So your first quote is from a review of Netflix's new Christmas movie, hot Frosty. Do you want a blank? A snowman. So Hot, frosty. That's its real name is just one of a new series of holiday movies coming out this season that are surprisingly what?


Sexual, yes, They are Sexy Christmas movies. They're coming. Watch them with your kids and it ruins Christmas. Watch them with your parents. And it ruins sex. Now it's, it's a big change because before now, intimacy in holiday movies was just limited to over the scarf stuff. But Netflix and other streamers are premiering new Christmas films this year. Like Hot Frosty The Merry Gentleman and Miracle on 69th Street. Man, Hollywood's full of it, man.


Really? Do you realize the number of years I've pitched sexy Christmas movies? But no, they did not want how the milk stole Christmas. They did not want sex. Actually. Yeah, they did not want babes in Toy Land. Same title, different plot, right? Or for that matter, here comes Santa Claus. But Hot Frosty is a real movie. And it is, and I am not kidding about an incredibly hunky snowman who comes to life. It's not like when Snowman comes to life and he gets jacked. He is jacked as a snowman. To give you an idea, to build this snowman, they needed a carrot, a bunch of pieces of coal and an eggplant.


I don't like a jacked snowman because regular snowman is my body type. I know. I feel like we're losing representation. Yeah, you might expect, you know, just the standard three spheres. One on top of each other. But the middle one has abs. But no, I don't like that. I also don't like that. I, I feel like this is too Christmas centered. And it's too, it's too straight. Right? We gotta be more inclusive. Let's do two birds with one stone. I'm pitching a a a same sex romance for Hanukkah called Gal. Gal. Gal. Oh, sexy. Hanukkah movies are just obvious. Like, what a miracle. That little bit of oil lasted for eight Nights. Your next quote, Charles, is from Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski.


Right now I'm waiting for him to name George Santos. Murkowski's wish might come true given the people that who has already announced just This week for his new cabinet. Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Yes. His first wave of appointments include Attorney General Matt Gaetz, director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, and Secretary of Defense guy he saw on tv Matt Gates. Really? Matt? Well, come on Matt Gates. Remember? I mean, he's a lawyer. He knows the legal system though the majority of his work is in the barely legal system. Yeah. If, if a caricature artist drew a picture of Matt Gates, it would just look like Matt Gates.


That really is true. They would, they would have to shrink his forehead down to regular and everyone would be like, that doesn't look anything. Like you can go. Like, isn't it funny? Now Trump also wants Robert F. Kennedy Jr. To head up Health and Human services, which is a little, let's be frank, it's a little like putting a parasitic brain worm in charge of antibiotics. Wait, it is that It's, he was against vaccines before the worms ate his Brains. That's really true. Yeah. How do you think he got the worm? You would, it would be less damaging to appoint RFK senior at this point. Yeah, I know.


Yeah, you'd do less damage. Alright, Charles, here is your last quote. It's 10:00 AM and dad's doing jello shots That was from the Wall Street Journal about this new trend of parents attending parents weekends this fall across the country at their kids' colleges. Not to take tours and stuff, but in order to do what? To party. Yes to party. According to the journal, more and more parents are skipping the usual activities in favor of partying with their kids, including day drinking frat parties and dominating in games of beer pong with the help of their titanium hips. You actually, when you, you put out the tiles, you pour some solo cubs and you play beer zong.


Some parents, you know, some parents are not into this. They frown at this partying with their kids. But what's a better say, mother-daughter bonding experience than barfing into the same dorm toilet? I'm, I'm, I'm sorry, Peter. I, I, I I must stop you right there because please. I am having a very hard time understanding any college student wanting to party with their parents. Here Is the crazy thing. I think that's insane. I, You may do that, but apparently they're into it. This is true. One student at Michigan named, named Brenna, told the journal quote, my mom was once a 21-year-old partying and celebrating with her friends.


And I never got to see that. And now Brenna, you'll see it every time you close your eyes for the rest of your life. Bill, how did Charles do in our quiz? Well, he Is from Cleveland, But not originally, But he lucked three in. So, Charles, congratulations. You're a winner. Congratulations Charles. Thank You. Thanks for playing Charles. Right now panel, it's time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Hari. This week, scientists are warning of a variety of health risks, including skin disease and explosive diarrhea that are associated with what?


Common activity? Sunscreen. Using sunscreen? No, I've never used sunscreen, I'll be honest with you. Yeah, It did feel a little racist when you said that. Yeah. Yeah. It Felt weird bathing. No, I'll give you a hint. Okay. Vintage stores apparently should have a warning label. No. Really? Yeah. Trying on the clothes of strangers and dead people. Yes. That apparently is not particularly good for your health. That's my favorite thing to do though, Peter. And a huge blow to people who love their sweaters. Dusty experts in microbiology are warning that going shopping in vintage or thrift shops carries the wrist of contracting athletes', foot ringworm, and even gastrointestinal diseases.


So that's where it came. Yeah. It's terrible news. Where am I supposed to buy my underwear? Now This is tough 'cause I was in a vintage store and I felt really bad afterwards and it must've been that hat I ate. Do you have hard, do you have any of you have hard and fast rules? I used to be against buying used shoes, but that, that's gone by the wayside at this point, right? Like, are there, do you any of you have rules about what you will not buy? Toothbrush Fair? Yeah. Fair. Fair. Yeah. Josh, you're probably familiar with lint chocolate. The makers of quote, expertly crafted chocolate with the finest ingredients.


Quote. Well, This week as part of a lawsuit, the lint chocolate company was forced to admit what They, that they don't use the finest ingredients. Exactly right. They admitted it's not expertly crafted with the finest ingredients. A group of consumers sued lint after it was exposed that the secret to their chocolate's, rich gourmet flavor is high levels of the heavy metal cadmium, which to be fair is among toxic heavy metals the finest. So in order to sort of try to diffuse this lawsuit, they had to admit in court that the slogan expertly crafted with the finest ingredients is just in their words, quote puffery. Right. And if the case goes forward, or even if it's settled, it might lead to honest advertising in all candy Hershey's.


It's sweet brown wax payday, whatever we found on the factory floor covered in chocolate. Whoa. They lint chocolate uses toxic metal. They should just rebrand as lint biz. Yeah. Ah, alright. Alright.


Coming up, our panelists take a trip to Argentina and our bluff the listener game called one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message Comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean, I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got Him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards control the conversation.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Roxanne Roberts, Josh Golin, and Hari Klu. And here we get your host at the Fox Theater in Detroit, Michigan. Peter, take off. Thank You, bill. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air. Or you can check out the pinned posts on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR, all the information is right there for you. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Chuck from Indianapolis. Hey Chuck from Indianapolis.


Hang on a second. Lemme check with something. Do you hate Indianapolis? I'm just gonna tell you, I'm just gonna tell you, Chuck, they're, they're a touchy people here in Detroit. It's All good. What do you do? What do you do there? What do you do there in Indianapolis? Well, I, I work for a woman owned management consulting company that's actually based in San Francisco. And I mean, there's another, another city to hate there. And I'm a visual communications consultant. Chuck, welcome to the show. You're gonna play the game in which you must probably tell truth from Fiction. Bill, what is Chuck's topic? What's new in Argentina? There's Always something new going on in Argentina, for example.


Did you know they now want you to cry for Argentina? Go ahead. This week we heard about an exciting new development coming out of that country. Our panel is gonna tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Yes. Alright, let's hear first from Josh Goleman. With climate change becoming an increasingly dangerous reality, president Javier millet of Argentina has taken some extreme measures to hit his country's climate goals. To keep the nation's average temperature as low as possible. He has announced his plans to annex Antarctica. It's simple, said President Melay In an accent you can imagine, but I will not attempt.


Think about how much of our great nation now creates no carbon emissions at all. From now on, it shall be known as anima. An Argentinian takeover was fairly simple, given that most of the inhabitants are scientists who offered little resistance but did manage to peer review their new government. A group of belligerent American researchers attempted to stand their ground chanting our snow. We won't go, our snow, we won't go. President Nilay responded. RG Espanol, which translates to this is an Argentina speak Spanish Argentina lowers its average temperature by claiming they now own Antarctica.


You're next Argentina tidings come from Roxanne Roberts Argentine billionaire. Mikhail Garone is not just a soccer enthusiast. He's the self-proclaimed number one fan of soccer superstar lion Messi. Garone loves him so much that he thinks the Argentine flag should be redesigned to include Messi's face and has poured more than 2 billion of his own fortune into a country ride referendum that will be on election ballots next year. Garone, think of a cross between Elon Musk and the Phillies. Fanatic said he considered changing the country's name to Messina, but decided that might be a bit much.


He also thought about putting Messi on currency would be cool, but Argentina's crazy inflation might make the bills obsolete immediately. Garone announced Monday that more than 2 million Argentinians had signed his petitions. One Argentinian, who's not crazy about the ID Messi, who has quietly tried to talk Garone into dropping his pet project with no luck. This is not just about Leo said Garon. It's about our history, our sport, and our great country. A Argentinian plutocrat tries to get superstar Leono Messi's face on the Argentinian national flag.


Your last story of what's up down south is from Hari. Kanda Blu Argentina isn't just a great place for hikers and for people who randomly have German last names. It's now a safe haven for werewolves in an austerity measure, Argentina is eradicating a 50-year-old law that protects your kid from becoming a werewolf. As all Argentinians know, your seventh consecutive son or daughter becomes a werewolf. Unless according to this law, the president of Argentina automatically becomes your child's godparent and gives that kid a scholarship for $150 an amount that doesn't even cover a semester at University of Phoenix online.


Why end this law now? Is it because more than 12,000 children are estimated to have become godsons and goddaughters to an Argentine president in the past 117 years? Or could this drastic cut be the result of current President Malay being a werewolf himself? Werewolves are not known for bureaucracy when they spot their victim. There is no paperwork or higher authority to check in with simply a thirst for flesh and unbridled blood lust. Also, there is a massive improvement of basketball skills, as is depicted in the 1985 film Teen Wolf starring Michael J. Fox.


All right, Here are your choices. One of these things happened in Argentina recently. Was it from Josh Goleman that the Argentinian president announced that he is an ex Antarctica from Roxanne Roberts, a billionaire down there trying to get Lionel Messi's face put on the national flag. Or from Hari Kdo Blu a law is repealed that made the president the God parent of every seventh child to prevent that child from becoming a werewolf. I, I think I'm gonna have to go with Roxanne and Messi on the flag. So your choice is Roxanne story about a billionaire trying to get Lionel messy on the country's flag.


Well, to bring in the correct answer, we spoke to someone who knows a lot about the real story. The legend of the Seven Son being a werewolf Is the live in South America. That was anthropologist David Delbar, a PhD candidate at the University of Chicago, and a scholar of werewolves. I'm sorry, Chuck. But as you now know, Hari had the real answer. You didn't win, but you did earn a point for Roxanne, which I know she Loves. Thank You so much for playing. We really appreciate You. Thank You. Thank You. Take care. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.


And now, the game we call not my job, where we ask people about things they know nothing about. Gretchen Whitmer was born, raised, and educated in Michigan. And after service in the State House and state Senate, she was elected governor of the great state in 2018 and reelected in 2022. She recently published a memoir True Grech, and we are honored that she joins us now. Governor Whitmer, welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell Me. Thank You. Thank You. So let's start with your Nickname, big Grech. I, I know you Embrace it now, but is it true you weren't crazy about it at first? No. So I'm named after both my grandmothers Gretchen and Esther.


Right. And Grandma Gretchen always said, never let anyone call you Gretchen. Your name is Gretchen T sounds like Rich. It's not pretty. So I've always had this aversion to be being called Rech. And I don't know many women that want big in front of their nickname. You Know, so, So big Gretchen, when it first came to be during the pandemic, I was not sure what to make of it. And a woman who worked with me, Shaquila Myers, who's from Detroit, said, you don't understand this is a compliment. This is like the people of Detroit just gave you the the key to the city. Right. This is they love you. This is a a nice thing. So now it's my favorite nickname, big Women. Well, right. If there's not, if there might be somebody in the audience who's not as old choral with Detroit hip hop as you and I, it came from a, but it was bestowed upon you by a rapper, a Detroit rapper named gmac.


Right. So he made it into a song. It started in the city of Detroit, but he made big Gretchen into a song. And that's really what Yeah. What blew it Up. Right. And, and for people who don't know it, I'm not gonna attempt to perform it, but the chorus is throw the buffs on her face. 'cause that's big Gre we ain't about to stress. We got big gre. You can find her in the press under Big Grech. Fresh in a new dress. Yeah. That's Big Grech. And you said you weren't gonna perform. It's Almost like GMA Cash is here with us. Really. It really is it just That you must be, I again, I, I don't know for sure, but you must be the only governor.


It's only the only sitting governor to have like a rap song written in praise of you. That wouldn't surprise me if you met them. I'm gonna get in trouble now. Oh, well, Since you're already in trouble, tell us more. Sticking with nicknames for a second. You mentioned in the book that you, you've had other nicknames before Big G, one of which was Gravity, Gretchen. Yes. And could you tell us how you got that particular name? Well, I'm a very accident prone person. Right. I'm a klutz. I've run into things. I fall down. I mean, I was practicing my state of the state last year and I ran into one of the podiums.


I had a huge bruise. It just happens all the time. But when I was in middle school, I went to church camp and for some reason it was out in Virginia or West Virginia of all places. And I was running to a base and the other girl tagged me, but pushed me really hard and I went right into the cement and knocked out my front teeth. And So I came back from church camp in a wheelchair. 'cause I got 30 stitches in my knee. Both my hands were cut up, my face was cut up, and I was missing my teeth. And my father just looked at me and said, gravity, Gretchen. And what did you do to anger? God? Thus, I, it's a good question. I, you know, I, I felt most, most bad about my dad because he just paid for braces to fix the gap between those front teeth.


Oh No. Well, You, you, you fix It. But now I think I gotta figure out what I, how I anger. God, Thank You. Well, Something for the next book. Yeah. I, I, since we brought it up, I have to ask you about another time you fell down, or at least were found on the ground in high school. Yeah. Which again, I think is a unique story among America's governors. I was wondering if you could share that. Well, I'll just say this. I, there weren't no dogs were shot in my book, So That's true. Yeah. So when I was in high school, I ran with a fast crowd. Yeah. And I, it was the eighties, you know, there was a lot of, not a whole lot of parental oversight and a lot of access to alcohol.


And I drank a lot before a football game. And I passed out between two cars and my principal found me and I tell the story because that was really when I, I kinda got it together. Yeah. And became the best, you know, the most improved student that year and went to Michigan State and, you know, ended up, Thank You. Go green. Ended up, you know, on the dean's list. And then I went to law school and graduated magna cum laude. But I think it was, I think it was that moment that really, it was devastating and I was punished and, but it, it really inspired me to get my act together.


Right. I I get that. But in the telling of that story, which as you say is inspirational, both in terms of its effect on your life, and I think hopefully to the many young people who might read the book, there was a detail that you left out just now, which is when the principle found you. Yeah. Didn't you like vomit? Oh, I threw up on him. Yeah. Oh God. I gotta tell you, this all sounds like big GRE bay. It really does. Really does continuing. This is great because one of the interesting things about your life is that we can tell it in the four, in like via nicknames, another famous one. Of course, you could find it on merch, that woman from Michigan, Which Was bestowed upon you by President Trump, or as, I guess we should call him President Trump 1.0.


It must be exciting. Are you hoping for a new nickname in the second term? I mean, we'll see, we'll see. We'll see how it goes. I'm gonna, you know, see how it goes. Right. You see? Yeah. But you know, the t-shirt printers are ready in case it comes up with something. The Michigan's Etsy community is ready to roll. Governor Whitmer, it is an absolute thrill to be able to talk to you here in Detroit. But As we have with, with so many important people, we have invited you here to play a game that this time we are calling Check out these not so great lakes.


So Michigan, as I'm sure you know, is the great Lake state. Oh, we Are. Yeah. So we thought, we thought we'd ask you about some not so great lakes that is much, much smaller bodies of water. Answer two to three questions about Tiny Lakes correctly and you'll win our prize. One of our listeners, the voice of anyone that might choose for our show Bill, who is Governor Whitmer playing for Jeff Krueger of Lavonia Michigan. Are you ready to do this? I'm Ready. Here's your first question. One of the smallest bodies of water you can find is, of course a hot tub.


And if you happen to have a hot tub outside of your house in Monrovia, California in the 1990s, you had to watch out for what? A, a brand new STD that evolved in the heated water called jacuzzi. Ria B Samson, the hot tub bear, a 500 pound black bear who loved ending his day in somebody's hot tub. Or see a business called peeping Tim's aerial hot tub. Helicopter tours, Samson, the hot tub and bear. You're right. You just knew, just had a Feeling. You just had a feeling because of your knowledge of hot tubs. Your knowledge of bears. Both neither.


Okay. All of the above. All of the above, yes. Alright, that was very good. Governor, here's your next question. Puddles harmless little bodies of water, but they can cause problems from time to time. As in when which of these happened, A, a Japanese government official got in trouble for making a subordinate. Give him a piggyback ride over a puddle. BA single puddle caused a massive traffic jam in Texas when a cyber trucker rolled through it and short it out. Or CA Florida billionaire got caught trying to get a tax break by calling a puddle on his property. An endangered wetland. I mean, it's, I think it's A, you think it's a, the Japanese government official.


You're right. Oh, You're Right. This happened back in 2016 and there was this, this big typhoon that damaged and the minister in charge of like emergency relief showed up and there was a big puddle. And he says he forgot to bring his overshoot. So he had a subordinate pick him up and carry him through the puddle, which did not go over well with the Japanese public. You had to apologize. Alright, that's very good. That's very good. You have one more? Let's see if you can be perfect here. The largest public swimming pool ever, we think was the fle hacker public pool in San Francisco. It was so enormous during its heyday that what once happened, A, it was taken over by a pot of gray whales.


B it had to close twice a day for low tide or C They had to put lifeguards out to patrol the pool in rowboats C. That's right. Wow. It was an enormous pool. Now closed. Now gone go with sea water piped in from the ocean. Next door they say could accommodate 10,000 people at once. Bill, how did Governor Whitmer do in our quiz? She's perfect. Yes. Gretchen Whitmer is the governor of Michigan. Her new book True g is available now. It's a hoot and a half Governor, Gretchen Whitmer, Thank You so much for joining us.


Thank You. And Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Give it up for your governor, ladies and Gentlemen In just a minute. Bill goes foraging for his supper in our listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait. Don't tell me from NPR These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community.


Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape.


And that's where Shortwave comes in,


where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Josh Gunman, Roxanne Roberts and Harry Bo. And here again is your host at the Fox Theater in Detroit, Michigan. Peter Segel. Thanks Bill. In just a minute, bill finds out how many limericks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Roll pop in our listener Limerick challenge game. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news.


Hurry. This week we learned people are stressing out about a different aspect of Thanksgiving than we all usually stress out about. What is it killing? Killing the Turkey? No. Can I have a hand? Well, I mean, does involve the Turkey in some way? No, it doesn't. I mean, it doesn't involve any of the things we usually stress out about. Cooking the meal, dealing with your relatives, all that stuff. It's totally new. And this was not a problem at the first Thanksgiving because then all the pilgrims just dressed like pilgrims, what to wear. Exactly right. Your Thanksgiving outfit, what is it going to be for generations? It was not a question. Thanksgiving was the last safe space for Schlubs, but no more loose pants at the dining table because now you need a whole new look to show to these same old people.


People are worried about This. Well, it's either people are genuinely worried about this or people who write for fashion magazines are desperate for content. So for example, according to Marie Claire magazine, airing on the side of sophistication is a great way to approach Thanksgiving style for young people. You know, you should wear the thing that shows how much you've changed now that you're in college. Something that says I'm different now that I live in Madison. That's I you got to, all you've gotta do is be the third worst dressed person in any occasion. Why the third? Well, 'cause if you're the first worst dress, that's bad. Yeah. And if you're the second worst dress, what if the first worst dress goes to the bathroom?


Very good, Very smart. Third worst dressed. Yeah. You, you, you, you've put you on the other, you've Put a lot of thought into this. If the first worst dressed in the second worst dress going to the bathroom together, turns out somebody didn't mind the way they were dressed. That's Right. And then yeah, then, you know. Yeah, yeah. You and Sammy lose some. Exactly. Josh, This week, the New York Times weighed in, in a heated debate among theater and concert goers via their advice column. Are you actually obligated to do what? To like clap really loud? Because you don't think they're gonna come up for an encore when you really know they're gonna come up for an encore. That's, that's a very good question. But that was not addressed. Okay. That's another thing having to do with applause. Oh, are are give a standing ovation.


Exactly right. Are standing ovations, obligatory. The times ruled that yes, you do in fact have to participate in a standing ovation. You just have to, but you can subvert it by doing different kinds of clapping. And this was real advice. They suggest the walking ovation where you clap as you head to the door. Right. That's worse than sitting. Oh yeah. You guys are great. You guys are great. Yeah. I just gotta get my car. There's the fingertip clap, right, where you, you're just sort of clapping the edges, the ends of your fingers together just to indicate this is not sincere. And then of course there's just the clap, which is gonorrhea.


I've Gotten many half standing ovations in my life and each one of them hurts more than not getting a Standing ovation. When you say like a standing ovation, Meaning like, I finish a show and then half the audience stands up and the other half it refuses to stand up, which bothers me. 'cause eventually you have to stand up to leave so You Yeah. But they'll standing up. They'd rather get home late than give you the satisfaction Exactly. Of thinking that they liked you. Exactly. When, when only a few people stand, that doesn't mean you didn't do a good job. It means those people thought you did a great job. Yeah. That's, that's a, that's an audience half standing perspective and I appreciate that. But Isn't, isn't, isn't there a standing ovation inflation? I mean, there used to be like, not for me.


No, it had to be great. Right? It had to be exceptional for you. Yeah. Well that's the problem. Thanks Joe Biden. Yeah. That's why Trump won. Oh, inflation. Yeah. Coming up it's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at 1 8 8. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago and come see us on the road at Carnegie Hall in New York City on December 12th.


For tickets and information, go to npr represents.org and check out our sister podcast How to Do Everything. This week Mike and Ian help two roommates settle a dispute by calling up the very highest legal authority in the country. Martha Stewart. Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Abby wheen calling from Boise, Idaho. That's Great. What do you do in Boise? I'm a cartographer. No you are not. Yes. Who, who do you do maps for in this again, day And age? I mean maps for travel guidebook. Oh, how very cool. So like, you know, if like the, you know, somebody does the hikers guide towards about Idaho Mountains. You do the map and show people where to go.


Yes, that's me. Do you ever consider doing very small, practical jokes, just like one trail on one map that leads people over one little cliff? That sounds really fun, but I don't think my boss would like me very much if I did that. If you used your maps for murder, Well, welcome to the show, Abby Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks will be a winner. You ready to apply? Yes I am. Here is your first limerick, But we spent lots of dough on this bling. Our engagement was just a long fling.


Since our love didn't linger. I've got a nude finger. The judge made me give back the Ring. Yes ring. In Massachusetts, you are now legally required to return the engagement ring even if the person who gave it to you is the one who called off the wedding. But don't worry, there are still no laws saying you just can't throw it at the bastard. The Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled in favor of a man who broke up with his fiance and then sued to get the $70,000 engagement ring back from her. Now, I do not know these people, nor frankly do I want to.


But if he's the kind of guy who paid $70,000 for an engagement ring, he's gonna sue you for something. You said Massachusetts, you said I did say that. Not, not in New York state. I did not say New York state. Okay, noted. Okay. You're gonna give up your plans to buy a $70,000 engagement right now that you know this. Alright, here is your next limerick. They grow though we never plant seeds. Now they're meeting our fine dining needs. Once they've been cleaned, they're fine leafy green and our meals are now filled with Weeds. Weeds, yes.


Weeds. Move over farm to table and make way for sidewalk crack. Two table foraging. We all know has been a trend for a while. You know, with like wild mushrooms, but high-end restaurants are now focusing less on rare, trendy plants like ramps, fiddlehead, ferns, and more on weeds like dandelions and thistles. A chef first got the idea when he installed a rooftop garden and then forgot to take care of it for two months. The New York Times interviewed one forager who provides some of New York's best restaurants with plants they call quote species. You might see growing along the highway median. Can you imagine? You're in like a very high end place and you're going, Hmm, this, this dish is such a delicious, smoky flavor.


Is that diesel exhaust? And you, and where did you get this fine raccoon meat that you're serving? You know, it's authentic because of the tread marks. Alright, here is your last limerick. A home should be comfy and snugly. Not a place to flunk, flawless taste smugly. Don't live in a shrine of perfect design. Include a fun piece that is Ugly. Ugly. Yes. Design experts say to really make your interior design pop, put one ugly object in every room.


That's why whenever I walk into a friend's house, I always say, wow, look at that insanely ugly thing as a compliment. Does it work if everything in your house is ugly and you have one nice thing, like one really nice thing, one really nice thing. Yeah, yeah. No, it doesn't work that way. Ah, that's a shame. Yeah. Yeah. How ugly. There must be a limit. Right? Right. Because if you're like, oh, kind of a painting in an with a, with a jarring color scheme versus like, that's my grandfather's skull. Jesus. I kind of built that plane in the air and I don't regret it. 'cause it did lay up. Yeah. Sort of.


And always keep in mind, if you're in a very nice design room really, really professionally done and you look around and there's no ugly thing. The ugly thing is you Bill, how did Abby do in our quiz? Abby was perfect. She got 'em. All right. Well done. Thank You. Yeah. And I, I, I will look for your maps the next time I'm, you know, looking at a map. Thank You so much for playing Abby. Thank You.


Bye-bye. Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast. Every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world. We are already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips. It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for? The stupid guy here. They're all smart. Don't worry about Planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


Now onto our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can Each correct answer. Now worth two points. Ba, can you give us the scores? Josh and Roxanne each Have three. Hurry has two. Alright, Hari, that means you are in second place. So that means you're gonna go first. The clock will start when they begin. Your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, it was confirmed that the GOP would retain control of the blank Senate house. Yes. The House of Representatives. On Thursday, the owners of the Onion revealed they had purchased Alex Jones's blank website. Infowars, right after three planes were struck by gunfire. The FAA grounded all us flights to blank Haiti. Right This week a court in the UK ruled that a man's will was valid despite the fact that it was written on blank Toilet paper.


Old fish stick packages after the election, Twitter rival blank gained 1 million new users. Truth. No, it's called blue sky. This week a man in Scotland who robbed a bank with a pillowcase surfer is that was caught because he blanked past gas. No, because he forgot to cut eye holes in the pillowcase. The man entered the bank, put a pillowcase on his head to hide his identity from the tellers and the cameras, and then had to take it off 'cause he couldn't see. So he escaped with $2,000. He was caught almost immediately after he got outside and got into a getaway car without any wheels. Bill, how did hurry do in our quiz? You got three, right?


He now has a total of eight and the lead. Alright, Very good and arbitrarily gonna pick Roxanne to go next. So here we go. Roxanne, fill in the blank. On Veteran's Day, the government of Maryland posthumously awarded abolitionist blank. The rank of General Tubman. Yes, Harriet Tubman. This week a federal judge blocked a Louisiana rule requiring public schools to display the blank in classrooms. 10 command 10 commandments. Right. On Thursday, new research suggested that drugs like blank could be effective in combating alcohol addiction. Ozempic, right This week a man who stopped to help a stranger fix a bicycle quickly realized blank That it was The Pope. No. That it was his bike, which had been stolen earlier that week. Following a report that they were filing for bankruptcy, shares for budget.


Airline, blank plunged spirit. Right. On Tuesday, John Krasinski was named People's Blankies Man Alive, sexist. Right. This week Mattel released dolls for the new movie Wicked, but failed to notice they had included a link to blank printed on the boxes. A Porn site. Exactly right. The boxes of the dolls. The action figures from the movie were supposed to direct fans to Wicked movie.com. A website which features among other things, clips from that film, but it accidentally 'cause somebody didn't check it, pointed them to wicked.com, which to be fair, also features clips from movies even worse were the boxes that told kids to go to wicked.edu, which is of course the landing page for Boston College.


Wouldn't that be Wicked smile? That's Harvard Bill. How did Roxanne do in our quiz? Six. Right? 12 more points. 15 puts her in the lead. Alright, So how many then does Josh Goleman need to winch? Six to tie and seven to win here. All right, tall order. Josh. Peter. Yes. My palms are sweaty knees, weak arms are heavy. There's vomit on my sweater already. Mom. Spaghetti. Let's do this. Did you write that yourself? That was great. I came up with that. Yeah, that's great. It just kind of popped into my head. Yeah. Alright, here we go. This is for the game. Fill in the blank.


According to a new report, pollution from the use of blanks has hit an all time high Pollution from the use of, geez, I'm out on one generative AI models, No fossil fuels. This week, Canada confirmed its first human case of blank flu. Avian. Yes. In an effort to compete with Temu and Sheen online, giant Blank has introduced a new discount Store. Amazon. Right. On Monday, the highway Safety Administration opened a probe into over a million vehicles made by blank Tesla. No, Honda believe It was just Open. After finding 20 million euros in the walls of his house, Spain arrested the former head of blank. Oh, he was in charge of corruption finding, rooting Our corruption.


Exactly. He was in charge of their anti-money Lautering Squad. This week he was announced that Craig Melvin would replace Hoko on the blank Show today. Show right On Monday, genetic testing company blank announced it was laying off almost half its employees. 23 and me, right after four people in California filmed a bear ripping up the seats of their Rolls Royce authorities are now saying, blank, Keep your Rolls Royce outta your hot tub. No, they're saying it was actually just a person in a bear costume and they were committing insurance fraud. Good For that. In addition to their Rolls Royce, the four fraudsters filed claims into other cars saying a bear also destroyed those. They have been arrested with cops saying the video was very clearly just a man in a suit and not a real bear Since their arrest.


The four admit that it was a mistake in choosing to go with a Paddington costume Bill. Did Josh do well enough to win? Josh Got five, right? But he couldn't catch Roxanne. Roxanne is this week's winner. Congratulations, Roxanne. Thank You. And I know that part of your victory was fooling. That poor, innocent person just makes it that much. This week in just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists, now that we have sexy Christmas movies, what will be the next surprising trend in holiday films? But first, let me tell you all that. Wait, Wait, don't tell. He's a production of NPR, WBE Z, Chicago Association with Urgent Haircare Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Gor writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shane O'Donnell.


Thanks to the staff and crew here at v Fox Theater and FoxTown. Special thanks to our partners at Michigan Public, WDET and WEMU, BJ Leaderman composer. Our theme, our program is produced by Jennifer Mills Miles nor Boston, Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Blyth Robertson and Monica Hickey, our governor. This is Peter Gwyn. Emma Cho is our vibe curator. This week we celebrate 40 years of technical direction by Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Nehouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chill and the executive producer at, Wait, Wait. Don't Tell me. Is Mr. Michael Danforth now panel? What will be the next strange and unexpected trend in Christmas movies? Hurry K to Blu Fast and Furious Christmas movies. Let's see how fast Santa Sled can go with some nitrous oxide.


Rox Roberts. All I want for Christmas is a divorce And Josh Goleman Christmas themed Oscar bait movies. So get ready for Hallmark channel original Christopher Nolan's El Inheimer. Well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it here on Wait. Wait, don't Tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis, thanks also to Roxanne Roberts, Harry Convo, and Josh Donus. Next to our fabulous audience here in the beautiful Majestic Fox Theater in downtown Detroit, Michigan. Thanks to all of you for listening wherever you may be, I'm Peter Segel. Will see ya next week.


This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card, you earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply.


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Sell Atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour Podcast from NPR.