
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the man whose voice sticks to your ribs. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You so much. We are off for the holiday, which we used to call Columbus Day to celebrate the European Discovery of America. And we now call it Indigenous People's Day, who celebrate the people who you know we're actually living here Personally.


I call it Colombo Day, to celebrate our heritage of Rumpel Detectives, No matter what you call it. We're gonna celebrate with some of the best interviews we did during the past year, plus some other special treats for you. Chapel Rome got our first record deal after posting cover songs to YouTube, and then went on to release a debut album that made her a superstar. Now, I'm gonna be honest, when I was told she was gonna be our guest, I had no idea who she was. But by the end of that week, in April of this year when she joined us, I had become a huge fan. So you can imagine how great Peter felt about making her uncomfortable right off the bat.


Kayleigh Rose Amstutz was a teenager who became a local celebrity in her hometown in Missouri, singing her songs at festivals and on YouTube. But then Kayleigh created the persona of Chapel Rone and Chapel Rowan's first album. The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess became a monster hit, and now she's become one of the biggest pop stars around Chapel. Ronan, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. You're Welcome. Crazy intro. It's, I mean, is it not true? I mean, you're pretty big, I guess you're pretty big time chapel. I, I'm like a random girl. I don't feel like any of the things that you said. Okay. All it. So, well hold on off putting that, you said my full name.


Oh, I'm sorry. No more of that. No more of that. We shall not, Well, Well, I won't, I won't mention that name, but the story I told I hope is true, that you were performing under your own name and then you became Chapel Rowan. And can you tell me, well, can you tell me why, like, who is Chapel and how is she different from that other person who I won't name? I mean, chapel's just the drag version of me, I would say. Right. She's quite outgoing and has no issue being loud and proud and it's quite exhausting, to be honest. So really, Who are we talking to right now? Like who is, just so we know, who is it?


I'm gonna say 60 40. 60 40, Okay. Cool. So, so like when you're done being chapel for the day until some dumb radio show wants to talk to you about it, what do you do? Do you just like change your clothes? Do you put chapel away? Is there like a ritual you do just to say, okay, I'm not chapel anymore? How do you keep it separate if it's so exhausting to be chapel? Yeah. I just scream into my pillow and then take off all my makeup and watch Drag Race. Yeah, sure. But other people do drag for a while. Can, can you, did you have to come out as chapel to the people who knew you because you were very young when you first, when Chapel first sort of was conjured up, right?


Well, I thankfully wasn't very successful as Kaylee Rose. So nobody really knew the difference, to be honest. And it stuck pretty quickly. Were you, were you inspired by, by anybody as a, well, let me ask you about your musical influences. Who were you listening to as a kid when you started to make your own music? I was listening to Christian Rock Music Only and I found Kesha and I was like, oh my God. Okay. Alright. So you said you were listening to Christian Rock exclusively and then, and then like how did you come across Kesha School?


Right. People were talking about it, right? They were singing, I was in seventh or eighth grade, and all these girls were like, like, they're like, oh, do you know this song Blow by Kesha? And I was like, no, what is it? And they're like, blah. And I was like, oh, holy shh. Oh crap. Holy crap. Like that. Nice save there. Nice save there. Chapel. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. And and and like, is that when it all your brain sort of went into like, I feel like it was like going in when Dorothy Lens in Oz and it's in color, right? You sort of saw the world differently. Yeah, it was like glitter and like freaking stockings ripped up the size.


Like just, it's just insane. I loved it so much. We heard a great story that, that when you signed your first record contract, they announced it at your high school over the pa. Yeah. That true. What did you remember? Were you there? Were you listening when they said it? Yep. What did they say? Well, first they said like, there's like a senior football player that got signed to Mizzou, which is a Missouri, it's like Missouri University. Yes. They're like, congratulations, forest just signed to Mizzou F1 football, LA la. And everyone was like, Woo. And they're like, oh yeah, congratulations Kaylee ett signed with Atlantic Records.


We are having pizza for lunch today. No pizzas. And it was like that quickly. And I was just like, oh my God. Why? Literally, why did they do that? And then people thought I was lying, which is valid. Have have, there's a, there's a video for one of your songs Hu To Go, which I love again. And in that video chapel goes back to Missouri in Springfield where, and and it opens with you teaching the hut to go dance to your grandparents. And I have two questions, which is, first, how did they do with the dance?


And secondly, what has your hometown like felt about chapel now that you've gone pretty big? I mean, you're playing Coachella, you're opening for Olivia Rodrigo, this is My grandparents did their best and then my hometown. My hometown. I was prepared to be run out of town because I don't know, it's pretty wild what I'm bringing to the table, but it has brought out all these queer people and like people I've never met or seen and to come to my shows.


And it's made me appreciate my hometown so much more and realize like, oh my God, they were here this whole time. I just didn't know. You refer to Chapel as drag and you love drag performers. In fact, many of your shows open with drag performers, right? Have you ever had the thrill of seeing a drag performer? Hopefully a good one. Do one of your songs like Lip Sync to you? Well, I love Bad Drag first of all. Okay. There's no bad drag. There's good drag, bad drag, it's all great. I've never seen someone in person do it, but I've seen videos and they're always, I mean, they serve, they're incredible, right?


Well, chapel Rone, it is absolutely a thrill to talk to you, but we have some business to do. We've asked you here to play a game that this time we're calling Hot Food To Go. So one of your big hits is Hot to Go, which inspired us to ask you about takeout food. Answer two to three questions about takeout and to win our prize for one of our listeners, the voice of anyone they might like from our show Bill, who is Chapel Row playing for 10-year-old Gordon Draper of Des Moines, Iowa. Okay, so you're playing for a 10-year-old. That's not, that's unusual. That's unusual for us. Here we go. Here's your first question. Food carts, of course, a great way to get food to go.


Which of these is a real food cart? You can get food from somewhere in the world. Was it a cicada barta, which shows up whenever a cicada brew emerges and serves them deep fried with of course cheese. B kitchen of the unwanted animal in Amsterdam. A cart that exclusively serves stew made from geese killed by cars. Or C sewer softies, which serves soft ice cream through a sewer grate below the curb on Yamhill Street in Portland, Oregon. I think B. B. B, Israel, Your fans here think it's BI Think it's B.


It is B. Everybody's right. Yes. B. And they say it's pretty good. Goose stew. So if you're next time in Amsterdam, stop by your next question. You're doing great. Plenty of fast food lovers dream of trying the options from other countries, including those served in Scotland where something called the Munchy box is a popular takeout item. What is a Munchy box? A, it's the Scottish equivalent of a happy meal, except instead of a toy, kids get a side of aga B. It's a single box stuffed with kebabs, fried chicken, a whole pizza, chicken, pika masala, samosas, onion rings, chow may noodles, non breaded garlic bread. And for the health conscious cole slaw or C, the munchy box is something we are not allowed to say on NPR BB Is right?


Yes. Good For you. It's everything you've ever wanted to eat at once. Alright, last question. American fast food restaurants are banned in Iran, but business owners in that country have found a workaround. They just create restaurants with similar menus and names, but they're changed slightly. So which of these is a real ripoff of a American fast food restaurant they've got in Iran? A Mash? Donald's B Pizza Hat Or C? KFD. Oh my God.


BB. You're gonna go for B. You're right. They're all real. Oh, they're all real. They're all real pizza. They're all restaurants you Can go to in Iran. Pizza hat, pizza Hack. Don't. Let's go on to Pizza Hat and get a pizza. That's what they have. Bill, how did Chapel R do in our quiz? Brilliant. She's gone to the top of the Michelin List Chapel. Congratulations. You got 'em All right. Congratulations. Thank You. Thank You. Thank You. So Chapel R's new single is Good luck, babe. Her album. Her album is The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess Chapel Rome. What an absolute joy to meet You. Thank You for everything you've done and everything you're gonna do.


And thanks for being On. When we come back, we talk to comedian and actor David Allen Greer and the Secretary of the Treasury. Janet Yellen reveals her secret pastime. That's when we come back with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, From a quality standpoint is the Best in the world. To The labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for. The stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts


At NPRs pop culture, happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You, bill. We are taking This week off to celebrate those brave adventurers who risked it all to create the idea of long weekends. Here's to you Daring Authors of the Uniform Monday Holiday Act of 1968. And while we do that, we thought we'd bring back some of our more interesting interviews of the year. In January, treasury secretary Janet Yellen came to Chicago to make an important policy speech.


At least that's what she told people We know. She really came to town to join us on stage because hey, even economists like to have fun. She joined us along with guest judge and scorekeeper cchi ayson. What is it exactly that you do? Because honestly, I don't know, we just assume that like you write the checks like when we buy a missile. I honestly don't know. Well That is one of our responsibilities really. And to make sure that our dad is safe and liquid and attractive to Americans and all around the world. Alright, More questions about your job inflation. Was that you?


Not Me. Not you. No, Not my fault. No, no, not you. That's a fence job That used to be you. Interestingly enough, I was watching an interview you did about a year ago where you were asked about all the predictions at that time of a recession. And you said in that interview that you did not think that would happen by this time. You were of course were correct. So would you like to take this opportunity to spike the ball? Well, I said, I told you so. Exactly. For example, And it was right listening to her, Larry Summers.


Now we wanted to get a little bit back into your background. We were told that one of your secrets to your success is that you always over prepare, including a story we heard about how you prepared to smoke dope for the first time in college. Can you please inform us how you prepared for that particular challenge? Yes. Well, you know, I, he had never smoked marijuana before. It was the summer before I was going to college and my roommate said she hid some marijuana and we should have a party and smoke marijuana. This of course was this renowned party school, Yale.


Well, you know, I worried about that. Sure. Because I had never smoked anything in my life. You know, as you said, I like, I like to be prepared. Apparently, I, I always try to prepare when I can and I thought, how can I prepare for this experience? Well, when don't I buy a pack of cigarettes and try to smoke them and see if I can inhale. 'cause I was told you can't really enjoy marijuana unless you inhale. So I bought a pack of cigarettes. I started smoking them. Oh, horrible. It was a horrible experience. Yeah. I couldn't inhale. I was coughing. I thought, well, I'm not prepared. I, I have to work harder at this.


So I bought some more cigarettes. Yeah. And all week preparing for this party, I smoked cigarettes. Well, then I went to the party, had some smoked a couple of Yeah. Marijuana, cigarettes. But I never did that again. But you know what happened to me Right. Was within a couple of months I was up to three packs a day as a smoke. Really? Wow. Wow. That took me a decade to quit. We are also reliably informed that among your enthusiasms, in addition to macroeconomic policy is mobile games. There are some truth in that.


There's some truth in that. Okay. Specifically in case everybody wants to know Candy Crush. I know. Yes. Candy Crush is a new game I've taken up only a year or so ago. Right. Somebody was writing a book about me and they heard that I was interested in games and they said, did you play Candy Crush? And I like Candy Crush. Are you kidding? I wouldn't play a game like Candy Crush and Well, man of Murder. You were like a woman of my distinction. Play Candy Crush. Something is silly as Candy Crush, please, I an Advertis. Please don't you know who I am. And then Exactly. And, and then, and then I thought, well, you know, maybe I should just look and see what the thing is to what's the, have A puff.


You're not gonna get addicted And get rejected. You know, I'll just play a couple of levels. Sure. Yeah. This morning I hit level 6,100 native. Do you have a secret for Candy Crush? Yeah. Marijuana. Cigarettes. Yeah. If he gets stuck, it always helps. Yeah, I Know. Yeah. Well, secretary Yellen, it is an honor for us to be able to speak to you. We're very glad you took the time, particularly because we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling, It's not quite treasure, it's treasury.


So that sounds Like the good game for me. There You are. Yes. Maybe this will be your next addiction. You are, you're Secretary of the Treasury. Of course. So we're gonna ask you about Antiques Roadshow. That is of course, the very popular TV program. Will people bring their things that aren't quite treasure, but they're treasury Right. To, and they, they get them professionally appraised and they hope they're worth millions. You ever watched that show? Have many times. Many Times. So you know the idea. Okay. You get two of these three questions. Right. You will win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Chichi, who is the Secretary of the Treasury playing for Joe Sylvester of Merrimack, New Hampshire. Alright. For people who bring potential treasures onto the road show, nothing is more disappointing than finding out that it is a fake.


But there are many versions of the show around the world and on the Chinese version of the show. What occurs when that happens? Is it a, the item is used for another separate show called Sell a Fake artifact to a Westerner, be the owner of the item who brought the thing to the show is arrested on charges of attempted fraud. Or C the host of the show immediately smashes the fake item with a hammer. I would try c You Would try smash it with a hammer. You are correct. Yes. The, the host of the show roams the set with a hammer.


And when something is discovered to be a fake, he comes over and bam. Okay, next question. Appraisers are not always right on the show. Amazingly enough, which was the case for a glass expert named Annie McConnell, who won the British version of the show, took a sip of what he thought was 150 year old port out of an antique bottle only to discover later. It was what a, a solution of opium and cocaine, b Diet Dr. Pepper, or 150 year old mix of human urine and rusty nails. I'll go with a, You're gonna go with a, the solution of opium cocaine. I understand why you would say that.


They used to do that. Well, given your predilections, I guess, but no, it was actually CI knew it. Yeah. That's what it was. He, I knew it. The, the, the, the appraiser. He said, well, this 150 year old port. It turns out that more than a century before someone had filled this antique bottle with what they hoped was a potion to keep witches away. Nice. Like, there You're alright. Now you, you still been lost. You have one more question. Fans of the program have created an antiques roadshow drinking game in which you drink every time. What happens? A, whenever jewelry expert Jeffrey Munn breathlessly references Berger B, whenever someone says, well, we'll still enjoy it after finding out their item is worthless.


Or C, whenever an expert tells someone how much more their item would be worth if they hadn't had it refinished. I will go with C. You're gonna go with C again. You're right. But they're all true. Those are all antiques. Roadshow drinking gangs. Enjoy them all at once. Why don't you, of Course. C How did the Treasury Secretary do on our quiz? She can crushed it. Janet Yellen is the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States of America. And among the top 2% of players globally on Candy Crush.


Secretary Yellen, we are so honored to have you with us. Thank You so much. Thank You very much, Secretary. Thank You. Thanks Secretary. Janet Yellen, Everybody Thank You. In March of this year, along with special guest judge and scorekeeper Andy Richter. We spoke to David Allen Greer, an actor and comedian who's done pretty much everything a performer can do. And whose latest project was a movie called The American Society of Magical Negroes. In fact, he'd done so many different things we didn't know which one we should talk about. I asked this question of a lot of the performers we have in the show, and I can usually guess the answer in your case. I simply can't. When you walk down the street, you've done so many things for so many years in so many different genres.


What are you most often recognized for in Living Color? Yeah, absolutely hands. And, and I, until this weekend, I started looking into it because I had known myself, known you from that and all the comedy stuff you've done since then. I did not know that you were like a serious theater guy. So how did a serious theater guy end up like blowing up on this hilarious sketch show? You know what happened was I met a comedian, an actor named Robert Townsend when we did Soldier Story. And I went out to la he introduced me to Kenan Ivory Wayans. And the guy was cast, but I was dissuaded by my agents. Nobody wanted me to do it.


I didn't listen to them and the rest was history. There You go, man. Yeah. You, you said a moment ago about being up for a role and your agent telling you not to do it. I I under what's interesting about David Allen Greers, if you look for stories about David Allen Greer, they will often be about the roles you did not get. For example, you auditioned for the part of George and Seinfeld. Yes. I read with Jerry Seinfeld, I read this episode and I thought, well, this isn't funny. Jerry can't act and it will never go anywhere. Right.


Yet again, I was right on all counts. Horrible. I mean, it's, it's Horrible. Don't ask me if I tell you to go somewhere. Go the other way. You, You were also almost in Forrest Gump, right? Oh yeah. Now this is even better. My manager sent me this script, Forrest Gump. I read it and I was like, I am not, if I'm gonna play a mentally challenged character, I'm not gonna be the mentally challenged sidekick. I need to be the mentally challenged lead. No, I will not audition. Right. They kept sending the script, they kept calling. I said, no, I will not go in. About a year later, my manager and I were in New York City for something else and she took me to the movies.


And as the movie started, it was Forrest Gump. And I was weeping within seven minutes. And I turned to her and I said, why didn't you? And she said, shut up. I sent you the script three times. So yet again, yet again, I closed The wrong door. Oh my gosh. I'd have to ask this is because you, I, again, I don't know if people know this Tony Award-winning actor, right? Yes. For, if I'm not mistaken, the the Tony came for the second go round with the soldiers play in which Yes. When you were in that original cast of a soldier's play on Broadway with the esteemed actor Adolf Caesar, he gave you your nickname.


He absolutely did give me my nickname. He came in the dressing room and he looked at me and said, dang, that's your name, boy. And He went and sat down and put his makeup on and it stuck from there on through. Did he do that to everyone? Did he turn to like, you know, Francis in the corner and say, you're Denzel and there he is. No. No. Peter, he never did that to anyone but me because I'm special. You are. And you have and you and you have been known as dag ever since, right? Yes, absolutely. Right? Yes. Okay. Well, David Allen Greer, we've asked you here to play a game. We are calling Dag Meet the Wags.


Ooh. Okay. You, of course, as we established, are known as dag. So we thought we'd ask you about famous Wags. That's the term that the British Press came up with to describe the wives and girlfriends wag of famous athletes. Answer two to these three questions. Right. You'll win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone from the show. They might choose on their voicemail. Andy, who is our dag playing for p Moonie of Bloomington, Indiana. May I just say Pear Moonie you about to win There. That's confidence. I like that. So if there was any sort of original wag, it was Victoria Beckham who of course married soccer star David Beckham back in 1999.


Before that she was wildly successful, of course as one of the Spice Girls, but she was slightly less successful in what other job? A, as being one of the McCormick Spice Girls who handed out free samples at Costco B as a model for a British clothing company called White and Willowy, or c as an extra on the BBC Sex ed show Body Matters where she played a sperm on roller skates. I'm gonna go with my gut, my final answer. C You're Right. That's what it was. That's Correct. She was in fact a roller skating sperm.


Alright, here's your next question. Pop Star Sierra is married to NFL star Russell Wilson. But she was performing to sold out crowds for years before they met. And even that didn't go well for her. Like at one show where, what happened, a someone in the crowd started tackling other people to get to the front and that man was Russell Wilson. B There was a problem with a wardrobe change. So Sierra was forced to do half the concert in three dresses stacked on top of each other, or C she signed an autograph for someone in the audience without realizing there were actually legal documents. And she had just been served. Alright, I'm gonna say probably B. You're gonna say B.


No, it was C. It was C. She got served. Peter, could you sign this autograph? And she signed it. Wow. To my biggest fan, I guess, you know, and turns out she was being served in legal papers. So, all right. You have one more chance and, but it's fine. 'cause if you get this, you win. Colleen Rooney is the wife of English soccer legend Wayne Rooney. And she was involved in the greatest wag scandal of all time happened in 2019. She accused another wag of leaking stories about her Colleen to the press. And the other one sued Colleen for libel. It went to trial. This whole thing inspired which of these? A, a television series called Vardy v Rooney a courtroom Drama.


B-A-B-B-C. Documentary called Wgpi, or CA West End Play called Watha. Wow. I I I'm going to go with a, you're gonna go with a, a television series called Vardy v Rooney, A courtroom Drama. You're right. Because they were all real. Oh, great. Okay, cool. Yes. Wow. Andy, how did David Allen Greer during in our quiz? Well, he won. He got two out of three. And that's all we need. That's all you need, David. You did it. I'm the winner. You're David Allen Greer is a Tony winning actor whose new movie, the American Society of Magical Negroes is out now.


David Allen Greer, Thank You so much for joining us. How joy To talk to you. Bravo. I'm a big fan. Oh, we are fans of yours. Thank You so much, David. Take care. When we come back, I take a sick day and Wait, Wait. Gets a new papa. That's when we come back with more of Wait, Wait. Don't tell me from NPR. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you.


Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR. These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR. When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award. He praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line.


We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast. From NPR. From NPR and WBEC Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. Here's your host at the Studebaker Theater of the Fine Arts Building in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You. So everybody knows, everybody knows what to do.


If you go to work, you start to feel sick, and then you test positive for Covid. You go home. You don't wanna get any of your coworkers sick, even if you have flown all the way to Seattle to do a radio show in front of thousands of people. So we flashed the host signal onto the cloudy skies of Seattle and Tom Papa answered from Los Angeles just a few hours later. He showed up and ran right from the airport onto the stage. Here are some highlights from that show. Luke, This week a man in Tennessee made the news when people discovered he'd sold his house and moved his family into a place where he'd previously spent a lot of time.


Where A strip club? No. Okay. I'm pretty much out of ideas. Can I get a hint? Sure. He had to move in before first period. Oh, the school where he was a teacher. He wasn't a teacher, but yes. His whole, the school where he worked. His old high school. His old high school. Yes. That's what I said. Yeah. I'm giving it to you. Peter's not here. Yeah, right. The school had been abandoned since 2006. So a former student bought it and moved his family in. It was all fun and nostalgic until his kids wouldn't let him sit with them at lunch.


Did you like high school Luke? I, I went to high school for the first four years that was teaching us that the earth was literally 7,000 years old. And they also preached abstinence only education. Oh. Which is why my 30-year-old daughter is here with us at the Paramount Theater. 'cause I am a walking example of how ineffective that is as a form of birth control. So I have mixed feelings about my time in North Seattle. Christian, It would be pretty cool to go there and, you know, get it on. Did I, did I mention Tom? My 30-year-old daughter is here at the field. Hey, hey, I'm feeling kinda old school.


How about you? If you feeling how I'm feeling? This is what you do.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on while getting ready, making DEO, or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but we'll sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast,


You can catch us most weeks back at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Or come see us on the road. I'll be there If Peter gets gout, we tickets and information about all our live shows, go to npr presents.org. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, my name is Tiffany calling from Denver, Colorado. Ah, how is Denver, Colorado? What do you do there? It's good. Weather's kind of crazy out here. It's still trying to, you know, figure out if it's snow season or drought season, I guess. Yeah. What, what are, what? What should it be?


In olden times when weather was normal, what would maybe, like, I haven't lived here long enough to tell you, but I think probably what it is right now, still cold. Is it possible? It's the curse of Lucifer. The weather trouble. The fact that you have a 80 foot demonic anatomically correct blue horse by the airport named Lucifer. Did the weird stuff start after you erected that idol? She just got there. Lou, well welcome to the show, Tiffany. Thank You, Bill. Curtis is going to read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each.


If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on two limericks, you're a winner. Here's your first limerick Saying shears for thanks. Isn't that odd? Wearing jumpers won't make me a fraud. Give my accent a break. I am not being fake. I've been changed after living Abroad. Yes. Yes. You got it. That's right. Abroad. You know that dumb little accent your friend has when they come back from study abroad? Turns out it's real linguistics has just validated the worst person at your college who came back from Barcelona.


Aa. So Fun to say. Yeah. Calgary. Oh, that one gets me every time. Luke, You're not getting the game. Alright, here's your next Limerick. Leaving Picnic trash is a grave sin, but this box is too large to fit in. After lunch on the grass next to cardboard and glass, my used pizza box gets its own bin. Bin. Yeah, that's right. Bin. Good. Last week, New York Central Park Conservatory installed a new recycling bin just for pizza boxes.


There's never been a trash can so tailored to New Yorkers since the one that rented for $6,000 a month. The new receptacle is tall and square so you can stack pizza boxes flat instead of having to cram the pizza box into a little round hole the same way you crammed the pizza slice into your face hole. Alright, here's your last limerick. Young men who are not fully grown have a scent that makes most mortals moan, but most bodies spray keeps their classmates at bay. So they're wearing expensive.


Is it Cologne? Yes, it is Cologne. According to the New York Times luxury cologne is all the rage with middle school boys. Apparently they've all moved on from low X body spray to Tom Ford's $300 tobacco vane. And for the little ones Chanel number, this many Bill. How did Tiffany do? Tiffany was perfect. Three in a row. Thank You so much. This was a Dream.


Thank You so much for being here. Say goodbye to Tiffany, everyone. Bye. Goodbye Tiffany. And now the game we call not my job. Jay Kenji Lopez Alt is a chef and food writer who first found fame creating the Food Lab blog for Serious Eats. Since then, he started his own YouTube channel, wrote a kid's book and has been going restaurant by restaurant on a quest to eat all the teriyaki in Seattle.


There's a lot of it. We love it. Jake Kenji Lopez Alt. Welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Oh, Thank you for having me. It's really good to see you. You too. You had a very interesting first job getting into the restaurant business when you were a a youngster. What was that job? I was a, I was a Knight of the Round Grill At, At a, at a Mongolian Grill. You know, one, one of those places where you I my first job, I, well my first job was actually prep, prep Cook. I got promoted to night of the round grill within a month. Oh really? Yeah. How did you ra how did you rise in the ranks so Far? I, I, it was, I was mostly related to my, my catching shrimp behind my back skills.


Nice. Did you have that skill when you went in or you just kind of No, no, no. I did. I I trained extracurricularly. I went, I went home. Prac practiced with like, you know, rocks and worms and stuff like that. It's very impressive. Now you, you have a really cool bent in this, in your food journey in that you have a real, you, you're able to be very accessible of like showing people what it is, but also backing up with the science behind food and food prep. How did, what was your first love? Like what was it, were you a science mind or were you a food mind? Science was my first love and I think, well, you know, I think s you know, my, my first love was was, was Don Herbert, Mr. Wizard.


Mr. Wizard Was Really, I would wake up at 6:00 AM every day so I could watch that show when I was a, a little kid in my Winnie the POH onesie. Aww, Adorable. And you're a stay at home dad. How many kids do you have? I got two. You got two? Yeah. How old are they Now? Seven and two and a half. Seven And two and a half. That's a, that's, well, half of that's great. They, they get better. I, I find that they, they improve with age. They do improve with age. Yeah. I felt the same way. I was like, this kid's cute when they first show up. Yeah. This is cute. But, and one day when we can sit in a diner and have a conversation, it's gonna be really amazing.


Yeah. I Find them unbearable right now. Yeah. Yeah. So do you, how do you balance the, and you also got a houseboat Yeah. Where you're gonna move your new studio, you're gonna be doing stuff there. Yeah. Yeah. Is did you get the houseboat because children are in, are in the real house? Yes. The children are the real house. Yeah. It's, it's balancing working in a, working, trying to work out of a kitchen where you're also trying to feed a family that includes a 7-year-old and a two and a half year old, is it got a little Yeah. Difficult. That really shows how difficult children are that you'd rather be on a boat rocking back and forth. Yeah. And say that that's easier to cook there than be at home With these children. Yeah. You, you have to put your, your bowl on the right side of the cutting board so that when your carrots roll off, they just get right right into you.


You do very cool, cool. Cross culture stuff. There's like, you, you, you don't have any boundaries it seems. And I grew up in Italian American and when I saw your video of putting pasta in a wok and doing like a stir fry, I, I have to say I got nervous and called my grandma. Was was this to, was this to calm yourself down or to reassure her Or, yeah. Just to see am I allowed to watch this video? Explain to, to me what the Kenji effect is? I don't know. Yes you do. I don't know. I like to, I I like to tell people if I find something good to eat right and I like to share that and then, and then sometimes people go and, and eat that after eat that thing.


After, When I got here this morning, I like very basic of meat. Googled good lunch in Seattle and y'all face popped up. Oh, Did, did you have meat or You recommended like a fish and chips place? Okay. I want to check out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I just saved it. It was a list of 10. Okay. That was probably Emerald City Fish and Chips Maybe. I think it is. And it's on the list. Yeah. Yeah. Don't go there. I'm going. And then I saw that you were the guest and I was like, damn. He really knows what he is doing. He, it is number one before Wikipedia. It's You. Should we play the game? Yeah, let's do that.


Yeah, let's play the game. Thank You. Jay Kenji Lopez Alt. We've invited you here to play a game. We're calling Sirius Eats. Meet Sirius feet. Okay. You wrote for Serious Eats. So we thought we'd ask you about three different people with serious Feet. Okay. Like this, this like the kind covered by your, your Bright Sneakers. Yeah. Right. The kind in your shoes. Okay. Answer two out of three correctly and you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who is Kenji playing for?


Jessica Castillo Of Seattle, Washington. Alright, Are you ready? I'm ready, Yes. Okay. Here's your first question. Okay. Football kickers, of course have very serious feet and as we now know really well thought out opinions about women in the workplace. What did one player for the San Diego Chargers say about their team's kicker when he was micd up on the field? A I just want to pick that little guy up and give him a piggyback ride. B, why doesn't he wear his helmet on his foot?


Or c what's the name of our kicker? What, what's the one you're supposed to go to if you don't know? I'll read the answers again. Yeah. It's, it's very clearly C but but yeah. Read 'em again anyway. Oh, You got it. You got it. Oh, I did. Okay. Yeah. C you're right, you're right. See, and when he was told it was Cameron Dicker, AKA Dicker the kicker. He did not believe it. Here's your next question.


Okay. Soccer players have serious feat. Lee Todd, a player in the UK, holds the record for getting the fastest red card just two seconds into a match. What did he do to get ejected? A, he forgot to put on his shorts before running on the field. B after the referee blew the whistle to start the game, he said, F me, that was loud. Or c told the player on the other team, as soon as the match starts, I'm gonna punch you and then punched him.


I'm, I'm looking to the person who gave me the right answer last time. You got A plant out there. I I'm gonna go with B. Let's try B. You're right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go. You got it. Alright. You're Doing great. Yeah, Thank You. I knew all these answers there. I watched the news. Last question. Maybe the most serious pair of feet ever belonged to Michael Flatley. Lord Of the dance. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But his feet didn't just make him millions as a dancer. He also did what with them? A played the drums with Wynton Marsalis's Jazz band holding the sticks with his Toes.


B, use them as brushes to make paintings on the floor based on the theme of the Irish potato famine. Or c disassembled and reassembled A Rolex watch while blindfolded. I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go with the, the painting. That's right. It's the Feet Paintings. Fun fact, his feet paintings have sold for more than a hundred thousand dollars each. Bill, how did Kenji do on our quiz? Well, I Know somebody, Michael Flatley is gonna be really proud. He got 'em. All right.


Great. Bravo J Kenji Lopez Alt is author of the Food Lab and he co-hosts the Radiotopia podcast, the Recipe with Kenji and Deb j Kenji Lopez Alt. Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Thank You. Thank You. That's it for our first look back at 2024. But before we go, let me tell you that Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Coca writes our limericks, our public address announcers. Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane O'Donnell. BJ Leaderman composer. Our theme, our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King.


Special thanks to Monica Hickey and Blythe Roberson. Peter Gwen is our human highlight reel. Our vibe curator is Emma Cho. Our technical direction comes from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse, our senior producer. That's Ian Chilo and the executive producer. Wait, Wait, don't tell me it's Michael Danforth. Thanks to everybody you heard on our show This week. All the panelists are guests, Tom Papa Choy Ayson, Andy Richter, and of course Bill Curtis. And thanks to everybody here at the Studebaker Theater and all of you for listening wherever you're, I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back with a new show next week.


This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit. So the cards purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling. The Venture X Business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business


On this week's Wild Card Podcast. Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet. I Guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. Okay. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation.