
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. This must be the Land O'Lakes. 'cause my voice is like butter. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Orpheum Theater in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Peter Segel. Thank You. Thank You everybody. Thank You everybody. It is great to be back in Minnesota, right? A here to four little known state that thanks to Governor Tim Walsh could, Could End up being home someday to the official Vice presidential winter retreat that is an ice fishing hot on Rainy Lake.


Later on, we're gonna be talking Minnesota style with celebrity interior designer Nate Berkus, who grew up here. But first, it's your turn to help color coordinate the news by playing our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, Peter. This is Jody Davis calling from Gaines, Michigan. Hey Jody. What do you do there in Gaines, Michigan? I'm a veterinarian. You're a veterinarian? Yes. Oh, cool. Right. So are you like a, a a standard dog in cat veterinarian? You gonna do the exotics? So I did standard vet stuff for 10 years, but now I have worked for 12 years for a pet food company.


A pet food company. Whoa. Yes. Oh wow. One of the, one of the good ones. I hope You're Not, of course. Yeah. You're Not turning the Pets into food, right? No, that's a different matter. Jody, let me introduce you to our panel this week. First off, it's the comedian you can find most days saving big money at his local Menards. It's Bobcat both ways. Hello, Bobcat. Next. It's the comedian you can catch on YouTube on the new show. Wait a minute, it's Joelle Nicole Johnson. Yes. Hey Jody. And you can see I'm on the Wait, Wait standup tour, September 5th through the eighth, and at the High Plains Comedy Festival in Denver from the 19th through the 21st.


It's Josh Goleman. Hello. Yes, Jody, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations about this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you'll win our prize. The voice from anyone from our show, you might choose for your voicemail. Are you ready to go? Absolutely. Our first quote is A commenter on a New York Times story. This week, People without kids are saying, suck it up. Losers. That person was responding to a new warning from the Surgeon General that what is dangerous to our health Children.


Children, yes. Children are dangerous to our health. In this new op-ed, in the Times our surgeon General says, we have a new national health crisis caused by the stress of parenting. It's an announcement that shocked everyone except people who have children, our children, or who have ever met a child. So the surgeon General, whose heart is absolutely in the right place, is calling for steps to both help struggling parents and to make other people more aware of the stresses involved. So from now on, when a doctor slaps a newborn on the butt, he will be attaching a warning label.


Yeah. What are we, what, what surgery do you get if you have kids? Well, I suggest a vasectomy, but you're too late. Yeah. Damnit Usually like catch across, you know, across a highway. Yeah. I got a hysterectomy last year and Yes. Yes. And I usually ask men in the audience what a hysterectomy is. I'm like three outta four. Y'all do not know. So I feel like men shouldn't be able to vote. I, I, I know what one is because immediately after I was born, my mother had one. Nice.


I swear to God, she knew. She's like, this evil spawn has to be Stopped. It's, this is a little bit of a double standard. Right. 'cause the surgeon General thinks that kids are, are hard to be around and, and, and it gets right in the times. But when I tell my friends their kids are hard to be around, they get mad at me like, what's going on? Yeah, I know. Now we have a doctor's match. Yeah. The tape, You know, your next quote is someone's drink order that was posted on Reddit, triple Ice espresso with two pumps, white and Luca in a grande cup with extra Ice. Now, according to financial experts, it's complicated orders like that, that may be the reason that what big chain is in trouble.


Starbucks. Starbucks. Exactly right. Yes. Turns out that the reason that there is always a very long line and very stressed out baristas at your local Starbucks, maybe because how much they have expanded their menu over the years between all the choices of flavors and sizes and varieties and beverages. According to Bloomberg, this is true. There are nearly 400 billion possible drink combinations just, you know, according to math. That's why instead Nature's so beautiful, isn't it though? That's why instead when you get your cappuccino instead of a little leaf drawn on the foam, it's just the message.


Help me. So here's the thing. A a according to a financial analysis of the company, the problem is that investors are constantly demanding more growth. And that means they have to offer more products. And that overwhelms the staff. And this is true. It has actually created a new demand for coffee shops that just serve coffee. That's all people want. Just get a cup of coffee And why stop there? Why not a line of cafes that serve nothing, no lines, no annoying tip screen. They just mispronounce your name and you go home. Jodi, here is your last quote.


It's a shame that we humans are in the middle of this. So that was a scientific researcher talking about how they and their colleagues have finally figured out why killer whales have been attacking wa in the Atlantic Ocean Ships. Ships. Yes. They've been attacking ships, yachts, and boats. Very good Scientists have been working on this problem of orcas attacking yachts off the coast of Spain. The good news is they are no closer to stopping it than they were before. I I was gonna say, working on this problem, it sounds like they're observing a solution. Yeah, I know exactly. Yeah. Can we encourage them? Is that the question they're trying to solve? No, but they do have an explanation.


The orcas, and I'm deadly serious, are using the boats to practice hunting. This comes from a group called the Bottle Nose Dolphin Research Institute. So first of all, guys stay in your lane, but they say that two orcas boats look like bluefin tuna moving through the water and they love to eat bluefin tuna. So they've been practicing hunting the tuna by attacking the boats. Right? That's what's going on. Think of the lives and property we could save if we just developed orca DoorDash. I would call it SubHub.


In undersea delivery Cervix. I, I don't, I, this doesn't hold water. The idea that like orchestra, like going, Hey, that yacht looks like a tuna. Pretty much. If I Saw a tuna the size of a yacht, I'd just crap right there in that. Well, it's no, but to them it's, it's close enough and they can practice their technique. But that is amazing. This is the revelation. While animals practice, who knew? Do they have coaches like the orcas, like orca coach. Like, all right, team, good work. Don't mind the people on the yacht screaming in terror.


All the other humans are rooting for us. So the orcas are attacking rich people on yachts. Yes. I didn't know orcas were people of color. They're half black. They're half black. Bill. How did Jody do in our quiz? Jody was perfect. She got 'em. All right. Congratulations Jody, and Thanks for calling. Thank You Peter. Bye.


Right now panel, it's time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Joelle, 10 different rescue teams had to scour a Colorado mountain range for two whole days, searching for a lost hiker who was left behind by his group. What was that group doing up on the mountain? Oh, in Colorado. In Colorado. On top of the mountain. A lot of Mountains of, and they left somebody. Yeah, I'll give you a hint. They should have just stuck with trust. Falls in the break room. They Were bungee jumping off the mountain. No. Where, Where do you do things like trust falls Not on a mountain. Trust balls happen in a break room with people who have jobs.


Right. And what does sometimes people who work together go do? I Don't know. I don't have a job. I should have remembered that before. Before I, before I asked you, does anybody else know? I'm gonna say a work retreat. Yes. It was an office team building exercise. Wow. I would've never got there. 15 people from an office set out to climb a mountain together to help build cooperation, mutual reliance and bonding. Except apparently for that loser, Brian. Anyway, park service rescue teams got word of an overdue hiker when the other 14 employees came back down without him.


And this is true, the lost guy had texted his colleagues, he had still had cell phone service at that point and said, Hey, I, I don't know where you guys are. And they said, dude, yeah, we saw you went down the wrong way. You have to climb back up again and then go down the right way. And then they kept going down without him. O overdue hiker is a pretty gentle term for, might be dead on a mountain. Exactly. And then a storm came in and it was really hard to find him. Like I said, 10 different search teams GW take out and find him. Helicopters, aircraft. They found him about a day later, hungry and bruised from his falls. But alive. And the county search and rescue officials said the incident might lead to quote awkward encounters at the office in the coming days and weeks.


I bet that dude microwaves Fish in the probably. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you what though. You know who's real tight knit is those 10 search teams. Oh Yeah, they're great. This was Secretly a team building thing for them. They flipped it Coming up. Find out who was right all along. It's our bluff listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bour Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney plus.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't Got yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got Him. Okay. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing this week with Joelle Nicole Johnson, Josh Goleman and Bobcat Goldthwat Way. And here again is your host at the Orpheum Theater in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Peter, Thank You Bill. Thank You everybody. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play the game on air. Or you can check out the pinned post at our Instagram page That's at waitwait npr. You'll find all the info you need there plus attractive photographs.


Hi, you're on Waitwait, don't tell me. Hi, this is Rhiannon from Philadelphia. Rhiannon. Well, hello. What a pleasure to meet you. Are you the person the song is about? I am not. It's a lovely song, but my name's Rhiannon because it's a Welsh name. Oh, I see. Many generations of Joneses have lived there. Can I, can I suggest, I don't know you, but just as a helpful tip, the next time somebody asks that question, just say yes. Rhiannon, welcome to the show. You're gonna play our game in which you must try to tell truth from Fiction. Bill, what is Rhiannon's topic? I told you So everybody loves being proven correct. Whether it's you're gonna regret those white jeans or sir, literally anyone would be better than JD Vance this week.


This week we heard about somebody who was right all along. As it turned out, our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth. You'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to apply? Yep. Yeah. Okay. First, let's hear from Bobcat Goldthwat way. If you went to a carnival in the Midwest 10 years ago, perhaps you had your fortune read by psychic Wonder Pigs. Sir Francis Bacon Country fair guests would pay the pig's owner, mark Sparky, Jake Wind, to have Francis tell them their future through a series of yes or no snorts France's knack for predicting the future was impressive. It was lucrative enough that Sparky had enough money to invest in the stock market.


Things fell apart for the two though. When in 2014 France warned Sparky not to invest in blockbuster video stock. He ignored Francis Squeals. And when Blockbuster filed for bankruptcy within the year, Sparky lost his life savings. Normally, once a wonder pig got too big for the road, it would be retired to a processing farm and that would've been Francis' fate, except Sparky felt so bad for not listening to the pig that they became roommates Sparky and Sir Francis Bacon now share a Tampa Bay Florida condominium, A psychic pig correctly predicted the end of home video, but sadly was ignored by his owner.


Your next story of smug satisfaction comes from Joy El Nicole Johnson. When a crew was dismantling some old columns in the Sainsbury wing at London's National Gallery, they found more than just a bunch of dust in whatever else columns are made of. They found a time capsule of sorts, but it didn't contain a family photograph or a treasure map for the Goonies. It was a nasty note 30 years ago when the Wing was being built, the funder of the expansion, Lord Sainsbury, was displeased with the architectural aesthetic of two giant false columns that serve zero structural purpose. He let this displeasure be known in a letter he typed on his supermarket note paper and buried in the column for a future demolition crew to find a man after Kanye West's heart.


The note was typed in all cap locks. He wrote, let it be known that one of the donors of this building is absolutely delighted that your generation has decided to dispense with the unnecessary columns. Finally, one old dead man is happy with the kids these days. The late Lord Sainsbury gets the last word about those ugly columns in the museum he endowed your last story of someone telling you so comes from Josh Goleman. After a professional disagreement with a colleague resolved in her favor, acclaimed neuroscientist Dr.


Lydia Kellogg muttered her usual refrain. Hate to say it, but I told you so. The coworker snapped back. Oh, you love to say, I told you so. Everyone does. But you especially much like a pair of rusty forceps, Dr. Kellogg has trouble letting things go. So she set to work conducting an experiment to prove that she was right when she said that. She hates to say that she was right. Much to Dr. Kellogg's delight, I told you so ranked as only the 98th most enjoyable phrase, barely ahead of the lowest scoring. Wow. Your uncle really has some thoughts about the Middle East. Upon publishing the results of her study, Dr.


Kellogg couldn't help ignoring her own research to greet her colleague with an exuberant in your face loser. And this time she did enjoy saying it. Alright. Right. One of these stories of the satisfaction of finally being correct was in the Newsweek this week. Was it from Bobcat, a prognosticating pig who finally was thanked for being right about the fate of blockbuster from Joel Nicole Johnson, the Lord Sainsbury of the supermarket chain in Britain being correct as he proved by putting a note in the columns that he paid for celebrating their demolition.


Or from Josh Goleman, a doctor who proved that yes, she actually hates to say so, but she was right all along. Which of these is the real story of vindication we found in the week's news? Those are all great, but I think a man leaving an angry all caps note feels the most probable. So I'm gonna go with the Lord Sainsbury. Alright, You've chosen jail story of the Lord Sainsbury. Well, to bring you the truth, we talked to somebody who had some knowledge of this particular subject. It's the client's revenge and it's revealed in this kind of pulling a rabbit out of the hat, or in this case pulling a letter out of the column That was, that was Blair Cayman, the Pulitzer Prize-winning former architecture critic for the Chicago Tribune, talking about Lord Sainsbury's revenge.


Congratulations Brianna. And you got it right. You earned a point for Joelle, you've won our pies. The voice of your choice on your voicemail. Congratulations Brianna. Thanks so much for playing. Thank You Peter. Bye bye. And now the game we call Not my job. Nate Burkas acquired his design aesthetic growing up here in Minnesota. And since his early days as a resident expert in the Oprah Winfrey Show, he's become one of the most famous interior designers in the country with multiple home design TV shows, the latest with his husband designer, Jeremiah Brent.


The only question is if he learned it all here in Minnesota, where are the mounted deer heads, fish and beaver for throw rugs? Nate Burkas, welcome home and welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. I'm very, Let's start at the beginning. You, you found your love of interior design while you were very young growing up here, right? I did, yeah. Yeah. So how old are we talking? Well, my mother was an interior designer here in Minneapolis. Yeah. I have a younger sister and a middle brother and my, our middle brother works in advertising in California and he once coined our family phrase as what we did on the weekends as either shop or be left behind.


So my mother would take us to auctions and antique malls and still water and downtown Hopkins and all these places looking at old things right. And looking at antiques and vintage things. And my job was to carry the wallpaper books in from the trunk of her car to her home office, which is also why I have muscles. That's True. Yeah. So you started out both as an interior designer and as a gym rat and Yes. Early on. Exactly. Yeah. So If I had met you, it'd say the age of 10, right? Would you be like all about design and antiques and looks? No. No, but I was definitely sidetracked if there was somebody who was setting up for a garage sale on my way to the bus stop. I'm picturing a young story, like a almost a Forest Gump like serendipity where Prince is putting up plaid all over his state and you're like, my man paisley.


And then just walk away. Yeah, That was me. That Was, yeah, that was me. I'm actually apollonian, I've morphed. That's, oh my God. Yeah. That's amazing. Yeah. Do like, do you remember the first time you ever like designed something you ever like set up a room? Yeah, no, I do. Yeah, my parents gave me my own bedroom. 'cause I shared a room prior to that with my filthy younger brother. The worst one. Yeah. No, but the first, the first thing I ever was allowed to design was my own bedroom. Yeah. And I actually wrote about this years ago because it was such an interesting thing for me as a 12-year-old kid to be able to pick out at the time, you know, again, my mom was an interior designer, so you know, she had all the carpet samples and wallpaper books and you know, she said to me, what do you want your room to look like?


And I remember it was the eighties and I said, I want gray, white, and red. And she was like, that's so ugly though. And I was like, but It's Cool. And so I, I remember though that it, it was agency. That's what it felt like. I had the agency to pick my own environment. And I do think that that's why I've spent the greater part of 30 years helping other people create a home that means something to them. I think that that is connected. I I think that's great. I, I do love the idea of you as a, you said 13-year-old? 12 Yeah. 12-year-old. Yeah. Which, you know, 12, you know, the early teens start very rebellious age that the source of your conflict with your mother was, Was Color pals.


Did she, did she like, you know, search your rumor, you weren't there and found like elicit swatch books. Yeah. In your, totally in your sock drawer. Yep. You come home and she's holding up a Pantone catalog. Yeah. It was amazing, right? Yeah. No gay porn, just a wallpaper sample. Which, which Let's just be honest. I am, if You're, if you're, if your 12-year-old kid, if your 12-year-old kid has wallpaper sample books hidden in his sock drawer, it's essentially the same as gay porn. Yes. It's Pete, however, whether You get there, the conclusion has gotta be the same. Well, A hundred percent. Yeah. Okay. Did you Like, as a young man where you, was it hard to find, you know, places to design?


Do you know what I mean? Like, if you wanted to be in a van, you get a guitar, you know, I mean, were you like going, I think I could really fix up your ice fishing hut. No, I mean, you know what though, Bobcat, actually, now that you ask, I was notorious among my friends when, when they would invite me over for play a play date or sleepover, whatever, that I remember my friend Ronnie Swartz, his mother came home and Ronnie and I were like hanging out and like, you know, at, at their house and I had pushed all the living room furniture into a different location So It wasn't, and she said, did you move my sofa? And I said, yeah, don't you think it looks better like this?


And she said, I do. Wait, I have a question. Yeah. You And your husband are both hot. That has nothing to do with the question I just wanted to say on, okay. Alright. You don't Think, you don't think his head's a little bit big for his body. If you look close Track eyes are like a little Like, I think it's, you're you're trying to redesign his face. Wait, so since you're both designers who wins? Like, do you have a chair in your house that you hate that you Put there? We would, okay, so here's the thing. If one person hates it, it's out and we don't talk about it and you can't try and sell it to the other person and boy can we sell to each other. Like, So you Can't, like if one, if I say I hate it, then the conversation's done and vice versa, we will fight like, like beyond, like really, really rip each other to shreds over who ate the last piece of pizza before we fight over a sofa.


That sounds like couple therapy, Right? I mean, you know, I think I'm understanding this right, having been culturally immersed for day, but offering someone the last piece of pizza, just so they turn it down so you can have it. That's Minnesota nice, right? Yeah. Yeah. Not to say I got it Made Per, we are delighted to have you here. We have asked you to play a game. We are calling, Try some exterior decorating. So you do interior decor. We thought we'd ask you about exterior decor, namely tattoos. Perfect. Is it perfect? Yeah. This is great. So we're gonna ask you three questions about tattoos.


Get two, right? You in a prize for one of our listeners, bill, who is Nate Berkus playing for Martin Gardner of Minneapolis, Minnesota? Here's your first question. Ready? Ready. When Ariana Grande released her single seven rings, she celebrated by going down to the tattoo parlor and getting a tattoo of the two Japanese characters, meaning seven and ring seven ring One problem though, what was it? A the tattoo artist inked to seven next to a little portrait of Ringo star B the tattoo artist instead that did the Japanese characters for bad and blood because bad blood is a Taylor Swift single that he preferred to any of her music Or C those two characters combined form of proper noun, meaning a small charcoal grill.


I'm going with C you're Correct. Yes, It was, Yeah, basically. I mean, it's like you, you try to get something and it ends up just being like a hibachi, right? And, Alright, Next question. Tattoo artists. Sometimes they make mistakes, like when a cannabis enthusiast asked for a tattoo of a pocket watch showing the time four 20. But what happened, a, even though it's an ink and never changes, the clock is still always four minutes fast. B, he did the pocket watch with the lid closed, so you can't see what time it is. Or c he accidentally drew it backwards, realizing afterwards that now the clock reads seven 40.


I think you drew it backwards. You're right, it says seven 40. Wow. And to think I've been just selling bath mats all these years. I know you could have been, you could have been acing quizzes, I guess. Anyway, Last question. See if you can make this as perfect as everything else is. Okay. Sometimes a tattoo artist's mistake turns out to be a kind of happy accident. Like in which of these cases? A, a tattoo reading Murphy's Law, IE the idea that anything that can go wrong will go wrong and he misspelled it. Murphy's Law, the an artist putting in the name of a man's new baby put Maya instead of the baby's name Mara.


But it turned out the doctor had made the same typo in the birth certificate. Or CA woman got a tattoo of a forest, which looked terrible, but it just so happened the tree trunks happened to form a UPC code that gets her the employee discount when she scans it at Nordstrom. I think it's B you think it's b the matching typos. No, it was actually Murphy's Law. It was Misspelt Murphy's Law. The client saw it and was utterly delighted. Bill, how did Nate Burkis do in our quiz? It Was almost perfect, but you still got two out of three, which Means you're a whip Dog.


Dog by Nate Burki is an acclaimed interior designer who is up to so many different things. You can find them all@nateburka.com. Nate Burka, Thank You so much for being Thank You. Thank You Everybody. Hometown hero. In just a minute. Bill has a stinky way to improve your skin and our listener Limerick challenge call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR,


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs through line podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential Power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting ready, making DEO or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen Now to Shortwave the Science podcast from PR From NPR


at WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing this week with Josh Goleman, Bobcat Goldthwat, and Joel Nicole Johnson. And here again is your host at the Orian Theater in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Peters say Gold. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. In just a minute, bill serves up some deep fried rhymes in our listener Limerick challenge game. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you all from the week's news Bobcat.


According to a relationship expert, one of the signs that your partner may be cheating on you with a coworker is a sudden interest on their part in what The way they look. That That is actually part of it, but that's not the first thing you should be worried about. Remember I said like they might be having an affair with their coworker. If all of a sudden your, your, your partner is strangely really into what Staplers work Yes. Into their jobs. If they all of a sudden are really into their job, did your partner just get a promotion for excellence at work? That Slut, according To a relationship expert consulted by the Daily Mail, exhibiting a sudden increased interest in work is a sign your partner might be cheating on you.


I think it's gotta depend though. Or they, they're like, I have to stay late to balance the budget. Or they're like, I have to stay late to balance someone on my body. Another sign, as you suggested, is if all of a sudden they're upgrading their wardrobe and their general look right. If out of nowhere your partner's trying to improve themselves, the appropriate response is jealousy and suspicion. You're not the slob I married. Feel what's wrong. I've never been more attracted to you and I hate it, Josh, if you've already watched everything on Hulu and Netflix. Yeah, don't worry. Another company has announced plans for their own branded streaming network.


What is the company? Chick-fil-A? You're Exactly right. You could hear the enthusiasm in my voice. Wow. Wow. Chick-fil-A, The well Chick-fil-A or is it's more commonly known Popeye's for Jesus announced that it was launching its own streaming TV platform filled with original programming. It's great news for anyone who's been looking for TV shows that they you cannot watch on Sundays. I'll tell you, I'll tell you what, the interior design shows on that network are gonna be ugly as hell. I don No. Yeah, it's true actually.


They're going, they are going, they say to favor a reality in unscripted shows. So just look for their makeover. Show straight eye for the also straight guy and conversion therapy island. Wow. Mike Pence is on that island and you know, If it's anything he's Hiding, if it's, If it's anything like their restaurants, liberals we're gonna, are gonna condemn it. But every now and then they'll go over and give it a try. 'cause it's really good. Watch their shows if they're in an airport.


Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Josh, according to the Wall Street Journal, there's a new change in office etiquette. People are writing brutally honest. What People are narrat writing brutally honest emails. You're close. Okay. Not, not the emails. It's, it's an email, but it's automatically sent because it is a, It was an out of office. Yes. People are writing brutally honest, out of office Replies. Wow. Now People are becoming more militant about guarding the work life boundary. So there's no more polite, apologetic, oh, I'll be away from my desk, but I'll get back to you as soon as I can. No, it's all hard truths. Now. One man's out of office reply quoted in the journal, said quote, and this is real.


I'm out of the office having way more fun than communicating with you. Wow. I will likely forget to email you back. Still a little elaborate. Why not just go with a simple, I'm out of the office probably at your mom's house. Yeah. I feel like if they're going to be rude, you might as well be more explicit. Right? Like, I'm on a beach getting a sunburn on my butt cheeks 'cause I fell asleep drunk and naked Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the gamer. You have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4.


You can see as most weeks back at the Glorious Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. And come see the Wait, Wait standup tour. That will be in Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Tampa in Atlanta, September 5th through the eighth. For tickets and more information, just wander over to npr present.org. Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hello, this is James from Hoboken. Hoboken. Hoboken, New Jersey. I'm from New Jersey. Yeah, Jersey indeed. Are you from there or did you end up there? You know, as a, as a transman, I called my wife here. I'm originally from Chicago. Hey. And, and My, my mother actually used to work in the chase building where you guys would perform In the basement. Yeah. We, we, we were there yesterday. They kept us in the basement there for many, many years.


Jim, welcome to the show. Bill. Curtis is now gonna reach you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each of you can fill in that last word or phrase. Sorely on two of the limericks will be a winner. Are you ready to play? Yeah. Alright. Here's your first limerick. It sounds like a daredevil bar trick. It's what? Vampires dread when they are sick, though. My breath is the pits. It might help with my zips. So I'm chomping on raw cloves of Garlic. Garlic. Yes. Some people enthusiastically are rubbing raw garlic directly on their faces.


The idea is that the compounds in the garlic will fight the oil buildup. Right. Even more likely though, the garlic and oil will combine until you still have zits. But now they're served with aioli. I, I feel like, I feel like if your teen pi are already calling you pizza face, you don't want to introduce garlic into the equation. You don't wanna like ask, introduce toppings, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's bad. Here. Jim, is your next lime. It's a colorful hue. I can spray on hints of dolphin blue blended with gray dome. Like that coloring stick that is waxy and slick.


I'm applying the scent of a Crayon. Crayon. Crayon. Yes. The US Patent Office recently issued a trademark to Crayola for the scent of their crayons, which according to the company is quote reminiscent of a slightly earthy soap with pungent leather like clay undertones. Okay. I'm, I'm with you. But what about the leather? Leather? How many cows gave their lives to fill in that Paw Patrol coloring book? I did love Three-year-old Al Pacino's performance incentive. A crayon. It was great. Very moving.


It was great. Hooah. Oh, he's quiet. Yeah, it was great. Alright, here is your last limerick With espresso. My good mood's not dropping. Now I'm buying with no signs of stopping through the aisles. I stroll without impulse control. Now I spend too much when I'm out Shopping. Shopping, yes. According to psychologists, if you're trying to save money, you should not drink coffee before shopping. Psychologists think that this might be because caffeine makes you excited and more, you know, vulnerable to impulse decisions.


Or it might have nothing to do with that. And instead just come down to people going into stores and saying, I'll buy anything you want. I just need to use your bathroom right now. Bill, how did Jim do in our quiz? It's a perfect score for Jimmy. Come home, we miss you. Welcome. Thank You.


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR. Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There.


The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR. Now it is time for our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Sure. Bobcat and Joelle each have three and Josh has two. Okay. Ha ha.


You said it like I'm behind in a soccer match. That means Josh, you're in second place. So you will go first. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, the Supreme Court declined to lift a block on the Biden administration's blank relief plan student loan. Right? On Thursday, the CIA took partial credit for foiling, a planned terrorist attack on a blank concert in Austria. Taylor Swift. Yes. This week over 4 million people were urged to evacuate before a typhoon hit the coast of blank. Oh, Japan. Right. On Tuesday, an outage caused thousands of at and t customers to lose blank service for almost 12 hours. Cell phone. Right. This week Ron DeSantis backed off a proposed plan to blank.


Some of Florida's state parks close, not quite paved them to put in pickleball courts on Wednesday. That's worse. That's worse. On Wednesday, Yelp filed a lawsuit against search. Giant blank Google. Right. On Tuesday, Travis Kelsey and his brother signed a hundred million dollar blank deal with Amazon Podcast. Right this week, teachers in charge of a science fair in the uk were surprised when no one student brought in blank as their project. When one student brought in seasoning. No, A nuclear reactor is the answer. The student impressed everyone at the science fair when he showed up with a miniature version of a nuclear fusion reactor, which successfully created plasma.


Some other parents suspected that this was way too complicated for a kid. But little Mikey Oppenheimer said his family did not help him. Bill, How did Josh do in our quiz? Six rights. 12 more points. Total of 14. You're in the lead. Alright, So Bobcat and Joel are tied. I'm gonna randomly choose Joel to go next. Here we Go. Yes. Fill in the blank. Joel. On Tuesday, prosecutors filed an updated election interference indictment against blank Donald Trump. Right. This week, Kamala Harris and her vice presidential pick blank sat down for their first joint interview to The window to the wall.


On Tuesday, the Kremlin added a hundred Americans to a list banning them from entering blank. The Kremlin? Yeah. They just put their pictures up next to the cash register at the front of the Kremlin. Don't let these people in. No. Russia in general. Yes. This week officials in Chicago confirmed they had found dangerous levels of lead in the drinking water at Blanks. Office building. NPRs? No. At the Environmental Protection Agents at Office Building. On Wednesday, the Paralympic games began in blank. Parents. Yes. On Monday, pharma bro, Martin Skelli was ordered to turn over all copies of his one of a kind album by blank.


Woo. Ooh. The Woo Tanks for the Children. Yes. W Tang Clam. This week, lines at the Edinburgh Fringe Fest were around the block to get into a one night only performance of a show called Blank. I Bobcat can't go play in his ducks. Take America. No. The show is called Quote, A young man dressed as a gorilla, dressed as an old man. Sits rocking in a rocking chair for 56 minutes and then leaves. Do I get points? Because that answer is crazy. No, We don't. But I will say that that is both the title of the show and a synopsis. That's all it is.


It is a guy in a gorilla costume rocking in a rocking chair for about an hour. But if that's not great enough for you, stick around after the show is done to see the next big hit man in a janitor costume sweeps the floor and locks up for the night Bill, How did Jole do in our quiz? Alright, eight more points at 11 puts her in number two. Alright, Silver medal, Baby. So how many then does Bobcat need to win? Bobcat? You only need six to Win. Oh, it's not gonna happen. That's a pipe dream. Okay, Bobcat. This is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, the US Army rebuked the Trump campaign for filming in a prohibited section of blank.


The Arlington Cemetery. Right. Following decades of sibling rivalry, the members of British Rock Band Blank Oasis announced reunion plans. That's right. On Tuesday, the launch of Polaris Dom, the latest mission for private space company blank was delayed X. Yes. SpaceX. This week, wildlife officials in Missouri confirmed that a bald eagle thought to have been injured was actually just blank Goofing around. No, just quote, too fat to fly. According Same. We've been there. People, according to a new study over the past decade, the level of microplastics in our blanks has increased by 50%. In our oceans, no, In our bodies, in our, well, I'm gonna give it to your brains. This week, a writer for the New York Times wrote that the best way to slow down and take in all the pleasures of life is to blank Die.


No. No is to wear flip flops. That's all you Have to do. Ew. It'll also prevent you from getting hooked up. I know. Well, that's kind of the point. He says, everybody you know makes fun of you. They're maligned for wearing flip flops in public. Anyone wearing them instantly dismissed. So you are free from other people's expectations and demands and the stress of urban life because no one cares about you. And of course, you literally have to slow down because for God's sake, you're wearing flip flops. Bill did Stop that. Do well enough to win. He tried so hard for right.


Eight more points. 11. That means Josh Wins. Yay. Josh. Josh who is not Minnesotan, but out of all our panelists today seems the most that he could be. Am I right? People make that mistake frequently. Yeah, I know. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict what's the next surprising thing Starbucks might add to its menu? Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me. Is a production of NPR and WB Z Chicago Association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our limericks.


Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane O'Donnell. BJ a Leaderman composer. Our theme, our programs produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Rnbo and Lillian King. Special thanks to Blithe Roberson and Monica Hickey. This week, Peter Gwen always orders a salt caramel, half calf frap with extra fudge. Our vibe curator is Emma Choi. Technical directions from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Schlock and the executive producer. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Michael Danforth now panel? What will Starbucks add to its menu next? Josh Goleman. They've dominated the field of sweet beverages, so it's time for savory. I got three words for you. Pac Joel Nicole Johnson.


It's gonna Premiere next year at the Minnesota State Fair. It's a cheese curd latte And Bobcat Goldthwat weight, the McFlurry. And if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks also to Bobcat, Goldthwat, lake Watson, Josh Reman, Scott, Twitter in Minneapolis, and our fabulous audience here. Thanks to everyone at Minnesota Public Radio, and thanks to all of you for listening out there, wherever you might be. I Peter Segel.


We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.