
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. My voice is so smooth. You think it just got Botox. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater of the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thanks everybody. We have a great show for you today. Later on, we are going to be talking to actor Josh Gad, who is probably most famous for playing Olaf the Snowman, the beloved character from the frozen movies.


That is, unless you are listening to us right now with young children, in which case Later on we will be interviewing Olaf the Snowman. Remember, be yourself, whoever you might be when you call in to play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Now let's welcome our first listener. Contested. Hi, you on. Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Caroline calling in from Stanton, Virginia. Stanton Virginia. I don't know it. Where is It? It's right in the Shenandoah Valley. Oh, it's Beautiful there. I know that much. What do you do there? It is so beautiful. I work on organic vegetable farms. Yay. Yay. We got a big yay here.


Wow. You know, you know our audience. That's, Yeah. Everybody listening to this is currently holding a tote bag on the way to a farmer's market. It's true. Yeah. I thought this would play well with the NPR crowd. No fool. You. Well, welcome to the show, Caroline. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First, it's a comedian performing at Cobbs Comedy Club on January 25th as part of San Francisco's sketch Fest. It's Josh Goleman. Hello. Thank You so much for having me Here Next, a comedian and host of the podcast Fakes the Nation, and you can also see her at San Francisco Sketch Fest on January 31st. It's Nain Farsad and making her debut on our panel.


It's the host of the TikTok Series Boy Room. It's Rachel Coster. Hi Vanessa. Pleasure. So Caroline, you of course are gonna start us off. Who's Bill this time, the first new one of the year. Bill Curtis is gonna reach you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you will win our prize. Any voice from our show, you might choose for your voicemail. Are you ready to do this? I'm Ready. Okay. Your first quote is from the Prime Minister of a certain island, northeast of Canada. It's not for sale, Nonetheless, Donald Trump still wants to buy it. That would be Greenland. Yes. Greenland at a press conference This week.


Donald Trump, who will really be president again quite soon, said one of his national security priorities is annexing Greenland, AKA, not the Bjork island, the other one. He's also talked about NX in Canada, taking over the Panama Canal. And this is big. He's also going to try to buy all four railroads. So this is true. He became obsessed with taking over Greenland years ago when a friend of his showed it to him on a map. And because of the projection of the map, it looked really, really big. That's true. Well of course it's big.


It's yellow land and blue land put together. I went on vacation one time to Iceland. Yeah. And I think if we're gonna go for something awesome, that's the place to go. They had a lot of little chubby horses and a place that only had white Russians. If we're gonna go for something far away, but close enough, that's the one to do. Oh, You're, you're treating it like he's at a bodega. Like picking a country to be to shop for. Actually it's a good pitch to Trump actually to buy Iceland because calls that, as you say, you mention two things. He really likes white and Russians.


This is interesting. He says that if Denmark does not see Denmark, which sort of has sovereignty over Greenland, if it doesn't seed Greenland to the United States, he will hit Denmark with massive tariffs. Right. But that's not gonna work. It's gonna fall apart as soon as people realize. And this is true. That all our ozempic comes From. Wow. The same. This is a beautiful irony. The same company gave us ozempic and danishes. Exactly. True. Yeah. Pick a aside. I, Alright, here is your next quote. A number of license plates were coated with some kind of translucent Goo that was a reporter from the New York Post describing the lengths that some New Yorkers are going to in order to get out of the way of paying what new fee.


Oh, they're like surge pricing, traffic Bills. Yes. Congestion pricing. Very good. Yes. As of Jan, as of January 1st, New York now charges a toll to drive your car into Midtown Manhattan. They take a picture of your license plate as you cross the border and then they'll send you a bill. It's part of a scientific study. How far can you push rich people before they finally take the subway? And people are outraged as New Yorkers, right? The three of you, you know this, it's your God-given right to take half an hour to drive four blocks. It's been incredible since, since congestion pricing was in effect. My wife and I were in downtown Manhattan the other day and it was, there were no cars and she, it was amazing.


It made me feel like if the, if the rapture happened and like I would still be there because Jew and I feel like my second response would be like, oh no, what happened to all these people? But my first response would be to like tap my wife and be like, honey, we can finally go to Carbon. The Money from congestion pricing. I guess this is good news for New Yorkers. It's going to go towards public transportation, which presumably will get really great. Now it's gonna, you know, like you'll get on, you'll be like, I don't remember this bus having a chandelier. And in the subway waiters will come around. They'll be like, would you prefer to sit in tap or sparkling urine?


Oh my god, Peter. Yeah. I mean you're the forget. I mean, I was on a subway the other day and just like a wet thing just fell into my brow. And I was like, what was that wet thing? And I think it was some sort of a leak because maybe the, the train had been outside and then went underground or whatever. But forget chandeliers. I just want that one wet thing not to come on my face. Not Fall on your face. Bone dry trains. Yeah. Yeah. That a dry train would be so delightful. You're Dreaming of a New York city that can afford dowels. Go back to sleep. Alright, your last quote is a line of dialogue from a recent Lindsay Lohan movie on Netflix.


After this job is over, I am off to Bolivia to photograph an endangered tree lizard. Now Caroline, that line was written after Netflix advised TV and film producers to assume that their audience was always doing what? While they're watching. Oh gosh. On their phones. I'm gonna give it to you. 'cause the answer is anything else. Netflix has admitted, at least internally, that they have lost the battle for our attention. They now assume everybody watching their services, either cooking or knitting or watching Hulu on their phone. In an article that came out This week, screenwriters said that Netflix execs instructed them, quote, have this character announce what they're doing.


So the viewers who have this program on in the background can follow along, unquote. Right. So that's now, you know, that's why characters and say Bridgeton are always saying things like, I'm in the room now and I'm removing my clothes. And people on love is blind are saying, I am making a terrible mistake. But I mean, it's so clunky. If, if they had been doing this, instead of it being like, go ahead make my day. It would be like, as you can see, I'm carrying a gun now. Yeah, No, No. We are so lucky that there have been so many great movies made before Netflix, for example.


Can you imagine like The Godfather? It's like, oh, there's a horse's head in my Bed. How did it get there? Not really quotable. No, not as much. Not as much. I, Sam am playing it again here in Casablanca. It puts the lotion in the basket. Oh, Thank God. Well then it would be like, I'm putting the lotion on My, That's, that'll bring like a third category of actor. Like, you know, you have a face for radio, so you can have like a face for like movies or you can have a face for Netflix, you know? Yeah, Yeah. I see what you mean.


Where no one is actually going to look at you. Yeah. No one's gonna look at you. It doesn't really matter That I actually would be perfect for that because I have a face that bartenders love to ignore. Like my whole, I feel like I spend hours every year being like, sir, excuse me ma'am. Excuse me. I just wanna, excuse me. So I feel like I could be on one of those shows and people would be like, no idea what was happening. But he told me everything he was doing. I'm ordering a drink. I'm trying to get a vodka soda for my wife just ordering a drink. Bill, how did Caroline do in our quiz? Two. Right? One freebie. She's a winner. Congratulations Caroline. Hey, Thank you so much. Right now panel it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news.


Josh. This week we learned about the hottest new trend in baby showers. Instead of doing things like, oh, guessing the baby's gender or bringing presents, guests are asked to do what? There's so much you could do at a baby shower and it's all kind of deranged. Deranged. Like all the games where it's like you got to put baby food in the diaper and people are, Ooh, that's it. It's gross. That's gross. Anyway, can I have a hint please? Yes. You may have a hint. We're talking about baby showers and the new trend. Yeah. So for example, if you did wanna have a game, you could have first person to fill up the vacuum bag wins a Starbucks gift card. So have people do chores for you. Yes. To have people do chores for you. According to the New York Times, more and more couples are replacing flashy baby showers with what are called nesting parties in which your friends come over and do what new parents normally have to do on their own.


Painting the nursery, assembling a crib, realizing their lives are effectively ruined for the foreseeable future. Hearing that you can get your friends to clean your apartment for you does make me feel more ready to have children. You Think so? Finally, you're Ready to do, yeah. I mean, no, I guess I'm just ready to tell my friends we're gonna have children. I don't think we need the children. I think we just need a trick. You Get you. You could trick them over and you can get like through three or four good cleanings with like hysterical pregnancies. Right? You get like some Ikea furniture that needs assembling. How Far, how many chores can you get if you're just like, we're trying, I don't wanna clean my room, I don't wanna sweep the floor.


Coming up our bluff, the listener is all about whales. The country or the animal. Stay tuned to find out. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bour identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Rachel Coster, Josh Goleman and Nain Farad. And hearing it as your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Right now it is time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr. All the info is there. Hi, you're on Waitwait. Don't tell me. Hi, my name is Greg and I'm calling from Daytona Beach home of Ambry Briddle Aeronautical University where I work.


Oh, and what do you teach there? I teach mathematics. You teach mathematics? Like the math. The math that a pilot needs to know. Well most, most of my students are the engineers. Okay. Alright. It's not like you teach them how to read a fuel gauge. Zero Is bad. My favorite pilot math is like, we can't tell you exactly when we'll be leaving, but we are 10th in line free take. Greg, it's nice to have you with us. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what's the topic? What ails whales. There's controversy in whales and it's not just that the Welsh language is hoarding the world's supply of the letter Y.


Our panelists are gonna tell you about what's going on in that little section of the United Kingdom. Pick the one who's telling the truth. You'll win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to apply? Sure. Okay. First, let's hear from Nain Farsad. The Welsh are known for their love of the harp. In fact, it's the national instrument. It was medieval whales that created something called the Welsh Triple Harp, which from what I understand is three times more harp than the average harp. Point is the Welsh are unabashed harpies, which is why a scandal erupted at the Wales College of Music. When a group of upstart harpists wanted to innovate these radical harp apostates started by using gut strings on their harps instead of the traditional plated horse hair.


I mean, can you imagine Then one of the musicians, Kylie Kwer, decided to lean her harp on her right shoulder instead of her left. Like some sort of terrorist things really went off the rails when the musicians released a harp track set to a dubstep beat, even though dubstep is so 10 years ago the public was enraged. Tens of protestors gathered in front of the college. To date the musicians in the public are at a standstill. Ka Waller is quoted as saying, I don't know, like I might just take up guitar or however she would've said it.


And that's my approximation of how she would've said that. It was very good. It Was very good. Yes. Okay. A scandal in the harp world, as some people play it on the wrong side and to a dubstep beat. Your next story of controversy in Cardiff comes from Rachel Coster. Merri Min came to a halt on Christmas morning when the champion of a local Welsh food competition was caught cheating. The cheers were deafening when preschool teacher Beth and Hughes broke the 10 minute world record by eating 72 pickled cockles, which are small mulas that, I'm sorry to say, look like baby bird's heads. The audience showered bethan with roses while she took the stage to receive her gift card to Tesco's worth 20 pounds.


The celebration was interrupted. However, when the beloved stray tomcat of the town, Mr. Jelly Beans left to the stage and began pawing at bean's sleeve, it was clear something was really wrong, said a police officer. Mr. Jellybean does not like drama. So this had to be big. Sure enough, with one tug, a funnel tumbled out from Beth and sleeve with the shellfish with it the audience gasped and Beth and shrieked, come on guys. No one really likes cockles, which was drowned out by booing. Some people are just plain bad wept. The mayor, Mr. Jellybean, has been gifted a key to the city. A cheating scandal at the pickled cock eating contest.


Your last rare Welsh bit comes from Josh Goleman. One of the most popular genres in modern literature is romantic. These books combine the traditions of romance and fantasy to create an entirely new type of nerd. Many romantic stories take inspiration from whales and no they aren't love stories about orcas sinking billionaires yachts, that's a separate genre called Marxism. Romantic often draws on creatures from Welsh folklore and uses Welsh names for characters. But scholars and Welsh people are unhappy with this Welsh appropriation quote.


It can be pretty patronizing, says Demetri fmi, who's a professor of fantasy in children's literature and probably not an elf, it creates an image of the country, which isn't realistic. That's not what whales is and that's true. Most Welsh people have never even met a warlock. Nevermind. Kissed one. Alright, These are your choices. One of these things happened in the ancient and storied Kingdom of Wales. Was it from Nain? A scandal when some harpist played dubstep music on their traditional Welsh harps from Rachel. The winner of the pickled cockles eating contest found to be a cheater. Or from Josh that experts on Welsh culture complaining that all of these fantasy romance novels are doing whales dirty.


Which of these is the real story of trouble in Wales? The last one I think is, sounds the most believable. And I don't hear any audience. I guess the audiences don't only help the The job People, right? They're really hanging out to dry. They decided collectively 600 people, he gets nothing. So I'll, I'll Go, I'll go with the last one. So you're gonna go then the, that was Josh's story. Now, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to a reporter who covered this scandal. It's about making that distinction that the people in the historic stories aren't fairies and are Welsh. Yes, that was Ka Aiken, a journalist in the BBC World news who reported on the ferry fact checking going on in Wales.


Congratulations, Greg. You got it right. You earned a point for Josh. You've won our prize. The voice of anyone you may choose on your voicemail. Thank You so much for playing with us today. Take care. Thank You. Bye Bye-bye. And now the game we call Not My job, Josh Gad keeps getting famous over and over again, but for different things. He became famous to many people when he star in the original production of Book of Mormon on Broadway. Then again, he became famous to more people when he played All Off the Snowman and the frozen movies. And then again as FU and the Live Action, Disney Beauty and the Beast. So we assume he's going to become famous all over again as an author because his new memoir is in Gad.


We trust it's out. Now. Josh Gad, welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You so much for having me. It's a pleasure to have you. And congratulations on the book, which I devoured This week. Was it a little intimidating to write a memoir at the age of 43? Well, it, It was just sitting there and typing all the words was intimidating 'cause I had to come up with them. Yeah. And you know, it it, as it started to expand, it just felt like, okay, this may be a story worth telling. And then a publisher paid me and I was like, okay, it is. Yeah, that'll do it. Now, I, you answered a question in the book that I often ask to people like you who've done a lot of different things I asked And that's why I answered it.


Thank You. Yes. You anticipated This figured. Let's just save time, Peter just read the damn book. The question I often ask people like you who've done so many different things is, what are you most recognized for? And you say in the book that you wish you had used a, a different voice for Olaf the Snowman because whenever you're talking in public, children hear you and go Insane. Yeah, it was a stupid decision. I, I will get recognized in like grocery stores just being like, hi, is milk over there? It can be something as innocuous as that and all of a sudden three children will just give me an Exorcist there. Yeah.


So I, I regret that now, but at the same time, I'm grateful that so many people love the voice of, of Olaf, which is me. But the other thing that I'm weirdly recognized for is Bear Claw from New Girl, which makes no sense. There you go. Yeah. Okay. There's some people. So yeah, I, I myself have never watched the show. Why is that surprising? Who is Bear Claw? That's my question as well. I, I did two episodes of that show and what's so funny is people went nuts for Bear Claw. He was this guy who like hid after Jess, played by Zoe Deschanel, and I was actually with Zoe's real life husband, Jonathan yesterday.


And he looked at me and he goes, bear Claw and Jess should have ended up together, which Is a, It's a very weird take, but I guess yeah. From, from her actual husband, but I guess, yeah. Yeah, there's like a small community including her own husband who just really loved bear cloth. Wow. That's A, can I, can I ask a question about Olaf? Yes. So I have a 6-year-old daughter, so your voice is like in my apartment all the time and I You're great. This Feels like less of a question and more like a threat. Like what kind of relationship do you have with the parents of the children that go nuts?


Well, oh one that's very volatile. Like whatever, Like this thing that's happening right now. Yeah. Well, I, no, you know what's funny is I, I've now been on the other side of, of it where like my girls are obsessed with Wicked right now. Sure. And I'm having to listen to Ariana Grande's popular over and over and over again, or Cynthia Vos song. So I'm, I'm with you, I'm struggling and I know these people and so I'm texting them and I'm like, can we please just put a a, you know, a moratorium on this? Yeah. It's A great job. But I can no longer listen to these songs on a loop.


Wow. It's like a Twilight Zone episode thing where it happens to you. Man, It took so much empathy for you to give that detailed answer instead of just saying, as I would've Nain let it go. He has more dignity than that. Josh. I know. He has more dignity than that. He's the Josh G You did, You did tell the story in the book of, of, of one person who did not recognize you, which was the director David O. Russell. Oh God. Yeah. So David O. Russell, this is such a crazy story. David O. Russell, brilliant director.


We were at the same Mommy and Me program 'cause we're both mommies and we were, we were outside. And it was after he had just been nominated for one of the many films he was nominated for. And he looks at me and, and I said, I said, congratulations on your nomination. And he goes, oh, Thank you. What do you do? And I said, oh, I'm, I'm an actor. And he says, well, what, what do you do? What, what do you act? And I said, oh, well, you know, you your, I do this, I do that. He didn't recognize any of them. And then I said, you know, your kid may know me from something called Frozen. And he goes, what's that animated movie that sort of, you know, everywhere but you're home.


And he goes, oh, what are you doing it? And I said, I'm a snowman. And it was Do it. He said, what? He said, do it. And I said, do the Snowman. He goes, yeah. And I looked at him, this Academy award-winning director and I said, hi, I'm Ola. And He looked at me and he goes, huh. And I have not been in a David O. Russell film. Really?


So There you go. Yeah. Should have done a song, dude that would've done it. But then afterwards he goes, oh, you're Bear Claw. Well Game over. Yeah. Amazing. Well, Josh Gad, it is a pleasure to talk to you after seeing you do so many amazing things over the years. But we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling Josh Gad meet posh LEDs. Oh boy. So we've decided to ask you about posh lads, those fancy boys produced by British universities and boarding schools. Bill, who is Josh playing for? Larry Anderson of Denver, Colorado.


Alright, here we go. Here's Your first question. In 1805, posh lad and poet Lord Byron attended Cambridge University, but Cambridge wouldn't let him bring his dog with him as dogs were banned. So, Lord Byron, that scam did, what was it? A he kept a bear in his dorm room instead because nothing in the rules said he couldn't do that. B he built a doghouse 50 feet away just off school grounds with a tunnel connecting it to his room. Or see he submitted a fake application that got his dog hired as a professor. Hmm. I think it's the bear thing. 'cause that's just crazy to come up with.


Well you think it's the bear. Well you're right. It was the bear To me man. Yeah, he used to walk around. He used to walk the bear around campus on a chain. Alright, Josh, your next question. The famously elite Eaton College has a longstanding tradition called the Eaton Wall game. It's a sort of combination of soccer and rugby and it's played against this big brick wall. Yes, I've played it. You have No, I lied to you. I understand The, the, there's an annual game between the fanciest king scholars and the rest of the school. It's a big deal, even though which of these is true? A the last time anyone scored a goal in the game was in 1909 B, the wall completely encloses the playing field so none of the spectators can actually see anything.


Or C, the game is played with a 95-year-old ball that deflates. If you kick it, I'm gonna go with C. You're Gonna go with C That has played with a 90, 95-year-old ball. No, the answer is actually a no one has scored a goal in this game for more than a hundred years. Here's your last question. If you get this, you win. Here we go. Eden was founded in the year 1440. So obviously a lot has changed over the years. For example, in the 17th century, what was a rule imposed in all etonians A before exams, the headmaster inspected each boy to ensure his upper lip was sufficiently stiff. B, students were forbidden from even learning the cleaning staff's first names or C for their health.


All students were required to smoke before breakfast. I'm, I'm thinking it's B Wait, what are, what are you, what is your audience screaming? That's getting audience. The audience is the audience is screaming. C, the audience is screaming. C. Alright, Well my friend in Denver, if the audience gets this wrong, it's on them not me. C You're all right. It was C. Yes, We did it. They smoked tobacco. They were forced to smoke tobacco for their health. It probably protected them. Oh, I Love you guys. Thank You for bailing me out. Bill, how did Josh Gad doing our quiz? Well how can you get a bigger winner?


Congratulations Josh. I dunno. Josh Gad new memoir is in Gad. We trust Josh Gad, Thank You so much for joining us and Wait, Wait, thanks on what a joy to talk to you. I'm a pleasure to call time stay safe. I'll talk to you soon. Take Care. Wonderful job In just a minute. Some advice for you psychopaths who still have your Christmas trees up that's in our Listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR


These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting ready, making the SAO or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Josh Goleman, Rachel Coster, and Nain Farad. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a minute. Bill Annexes, Ramia and our listener Limerick challenge game. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now. Panel though some more questions for you from the week's news Nain. This week, Kia Car Company recalled over 20,000 EVs because the seats may not be securely fastened to the chassis.


They looked into the problem and they blame it on what? Okay. The seats are not connected to the chassis, which I'm imagining is the main Car, main part of the Car. Sorry for Using technical automotive industry Terms. And so why is it not fastened? Yeah, they, they've tried to figure out like not, they had to check 20,000 cars to make sure the, the bolts were fastened. Of course they wanted to see how this problem Run. That one guy Ron did it in That's, no, It was one guy. I was joking. I know you were. And yet, and this is I think the sign of the times we live in, you stumbled on the truth. They determined that it was one guy at one factory who forgot to tighten the bolts.


Right? So the Kia EV nine is an, is an all new electric SUV that the company promised would make electric vehicles exciting again. And guess what? They were right. And it's got three rows of seats, two of which are supposed to be removable but not if you just stop suddenly. And so some cars were found with these loose seat bolts and the problem was traced to this one worker in one factory who didn't tighten them. They found them by asking everybody who worked in that factory lefty, Lucy. Righty. What I, not to brag, but I believe I could be that guy.


Really? Okay. Wait, me too. I used to be a barista and we found out that somebody wasn't cleaning the espresso machine at the end of the day Somebody. And it turned out that it was me and I just had no idea that that was part of my job because the person who taught me was getting paid $14 an hour. So it wasn't really in her best interest to go above and beyond. And I never really asked. So people were getting really scuds the espressos for like months, my bad. But also, did anyone tell Ron that thing about how a chair is supposed to be on a thing called a chassis? Possibly. Maybe because They didn't know the, On The other hand, I mean he could have discovered a great new thing in cars. I mean, sure, maybe the chair should move wherever you want them. I love an open concept Kia.


Rachel. If you're a frequent flyer, you have to be careful because according to the New York Times, airlines aren't just tracking where you fly and how often. They're also tracking what The snacks that you get on the plane. Yeah, that would be a good guess. No, they're tracking something else you do on the plane to wild. Wait, how Many times do you go to the bathroom? Yeah. And if you do it too many times they throw you out mid air. How much you talk? No. How much you cry if you need a blanket. What else? What do people do on the, especially on the ones with the screens and the seat backs Now what do they do? Sleep. Sorry, sorry. What's the answer? It's so obvious to everyone else.


Like watching me scream. Watching movies. Yes. Watching movies. Rachel. Yes. The airlines apparently are keeping data on what all of us are watching on our little entertainment centers. Airlines know everything about what you're watching. They know what you like to watch when you paused it. How fast you press skip when the characters start disrobing and there are kids behind you. So now like your profile on like the United app is like TSA precheck number prefers aisle seats and watched four hours of MILF manner seat alone when possible For me, they know. They know to put me between two tennis stars, two boy tennis stars. I watch challenges maybe 14 times on the way here.


It's a two hour flight. I went really fast. This isn't fair. Everybody knows that what you watch on airplanes doesn't count. It's like doing a crime in international waters, right? I hope so. I may have watched all of young Sheldon twice, but since I was in the sky, no crime was committed. Peter, I I love that you brought this up. It's wild to me that international waters, anything goes international air. So Many rules. Oh, it's true. Yeah. You can't even bring a gun anymore. God Coming up it's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, called to leave a message at one triple eight.


Eight, Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks right here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. You can catch us on the road. We will be at the Altria Theater in Richmond, Virginia on February 13th. For Dickon information go to npr presents.org. Also check out our sister podcast How to do everything This week Mike and Ian tell you what you should absolutely not. Name your baby. Hi Aaron. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is David Safford calling as a student at Baldwin Wallace University in Bea, Ohio. Tell me about Baldwin Wallace University. It's very small. It's got a, it's mostly a music conservatory. I'm going there for a music education.


It's a, you know, cute little place. Nice little town. Yeah. Cool people. Music, education. What, why are you a musician and what kind of music do you play? Yeah, I've been playing the viola for a good chunk of my life and I also play the piano. Okay, cool. Well David, welcome to the show, Bill Curtis is gonna read for you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each of you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly and into the limericks. You will be a winner. Ready to play? Absolutely. Here's your first limerick. Since the seventies I have much flare. No barber put me in their chair. It has been 50 years since I've faced any shears now I celebrate Tim Footlong Heir hair.


Yes. A man named Andy Cher threw a party last month to celebrate 50 years since his last haircut. They knew it had been 50 years 'cause they cut off a hunk of it and just counted the rings. He cut his hair the last time before an office Christmas party in 1974 and after that he decided to grow his hair out and now he has 10 foot long dreadlocks. And I know you're wondering is he white? Of course he is. Post says his hair, his dreadlocks are so long that he cannot walk without picking them up and stuffing them in his pocket. Big pocket. Pocket. Oh, you can fit all that hair in one pocket. Pocket Apparently use big Pockets now that's not that much hair. Yeah.


Whoa. Is that 50 years of coiled hair in your pocket or just happy to See me? Honestly, if you're close enough to ask that question. Probably both. Yeah, probably. It's Like, it's like the version of Rapunzel where the prince is like, yeah, no thanks. Gonna stay down here. Here is your next limerick Though. They seem like a pine flavored treat. Leave your Christmas trees out in the street. If you value your life, put away forked knife. 'cause your tree is too toxic to Eat. Eat. Yes. Officials in Belgium are pleading with their Belgian residents to refrain from discarding their Christmas trees by eating them.


Instead they're asking everyone to dispose of them properly by throwing the tree to the curb and watching as someone trips on it while looking at their phone. The warning came after the city of Gantt suggested reducing holiday waste by using all Christmas trees for pine needle spruce butter, which to their credit is great on roast elf. Don't you're spreading more rumors About whales. The whales scientists are gonna get so mad at you. You've pine full circle. Yeah, I really Have. Alright, here's your last limmer. My texting tool rings. I just ball. So I'll go to this big lecture hall there. I'll conquer my fear.


Hold it up to my ear. I take classes in making a all A call. Yes. A college in England is teaching students how to make phone calls. This is in response to Gen Z's, infamous tech. You know, phone phobia. They don't wanna call people and improve students, quote, phone confidence and etiquette. It's the only course in the world where the midterm is leaving a voicemail and the final is spending 20 whole minutes talking to your mother without also scrolling. Instagram. Are they teaching pranks too? I feel like Yeah. Phone Pranks. Yeah. Teach kids that refrigerators are running.


Yeah. And to ask about it so they can look out for their fellow man. Or how to make a Chinese order pretending that you're like British or something. So it's not so scary. Wait, is that something Rachel? That was what I did when I was a little kid. Whenever. Wait, Wait a minute. What did you do? You Would order, would order put, put on the phone order to make a Chinese order order when you were a Chinese child? Food. When I would order Chinese food as a child, I would pretend that I was British because it made it less scary because when I'm me it's vulnerable. When I'm British, I'm glamorous and no one's gonna say no to me about mushu pork. Can you give us a a a sample of what that sounded like when you small childlike Rachel Coster would call up and order Chinese food in a British accent.


I'm 30 years old and I would love to get ma po Tofu. Definitely always start an order with your age, Darling. Leave extra cookies for my daughter. No. Did you, did you say that you were 30 obviously the oldest age you could think of at the time. Yeah. It Helps because you were like, they would never say no to an adult woman. Yes. Bill, how did David do in our quiz? David's now the King of Beret. He won them all three in a row. Congratulations. Yeah. This Is the greatest day of my life. Thank You so much for playing. Take care. Thanks for having me.


Peter Byebye, Can you hear me?


At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR.


Now it is time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? GUI and Rachel each have two. Josh has three. So the game, we're gonna pick you to go first. The clock will start when they begin. Your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, mandatory evacuation orders hit LA as multiple blanks burned across the area. Wildfires right on Tuesday. The first US death from blank flu was reported in Louisiana, Avian Bird Flu. Right This week the White House announced a $500 million aid package for blank Ukraine. Right? On Monday, the Surgeon General called for cancer warnings to be added to blank Alcohol. Right This week a woman trying to text her drug dealer put in the wrong number and accidentally texted blank.


Her Mom, No a narcotics officer. On Thursday, the WWE announced its live debut on blank. Drew, 2.6 million viewers. Netflix, Right on Monday, fast food, giant blank. Announced changes to its menu. Arby's. Arby's. No. This week a good Samaritan in St. Louis helped a man dig his car out of the snow and then blanked. Bought him some Arby's. No. Then stole the car according to the Victim. Thief. Spent a few minutes getting the car unstuck from the snow and then pulled out a gun and demanded the keys. And if that weren't bad enough, he then helped someone shovel their driveway and immediately moved into their house. Bill, how did Nain do in our quiz?


Five. Right? 10 more points. Settle to 12. Put you in the lead. All right. Twelve's the number to beat guys. Alright, Rachel, you're up next. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, president Biden delivered a eulogy at the funeral. A former president, blank Jimmy Carter, Right on Monday, Donald Trump said he wanted to put his entire legislative agenda in one massive blank Country. No One massive bill. On Tuesday, federal prosecutors said they had uncovered additional alleged criminal conduct by New York Mayor Blank Adams, right In response to the strained healthcare system in his town, the mayor of Bel Castro, Italy has blanked Passed.


I guess that Would be a reaction in Lack of healthcare simply To die. But in his case, what he did was he banned. What he did was he banned residents from getting sick. According To new research, drinking blank in the morning can reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Coffee, Right on Sunday. Shogun and hacks with the big winners at this year's blank awards. Golden Globes, Right? This week a man complained that he missed his flight home from Arizona thanks to Blank Storm. No thanks to the driverless taxi he got stuck in, which was just driving in circles around the airport parking lot. Oh my God. Couldn't get out. Couldn't get on a flight. Come on, man. Everybody knows you need to arrive at the airport at least two hours before your flight, plus an additional eight hours for your driverless taxi to run out of gas so you can escape.


Bill, how did Rachel do on our quiz? Very good for a rookie four, right? Eight more points. The total of 10 is still trailing by two. All right, So how many then does Josh Goleman need to win? Five big ones to win. Here we go, Josh. This is for the game on Tuesday. Meta announced it would no longer be blanking. Posts on Instagram and Facebook fact checking. Right. On Monday, Canadian Prime Minister Blank announced he was resigning Justin Trudeau right after the Supreme Court refused to issue a stay blank was sentenced for his conviction and a hush money case on Friday. Donald Trump, right? California Highway Patrol officers who pulled over a Rolls Royce for speeding found blank inside Nobody. No. They found five cell phones, four bins of marijuana and a riding shotgun.


A baby Spider monkey wearing a onesie. That was my next guess. On Monday, a Pulitzer Prize winning cartoonist at the Washington Post resigned from the paper because they refused to publish a cartoon critical of blank Billionaires like Jeff Bezos and Yeah, Jeff Bezos and other billionaires. Yes. On Tuesday, Peter Yarro, one third of the folk group blank, passed away at the age of 86. Peter Paul and Mary. Right This week, 17-year-old, Luke Littler became the World Darts champion, overcoming the fact that he cannot legally blank Go play darts in bars. No, he cannot legally buy darts in the United Kingdom. There's a law in the UK banning the sale of dangerous weapons like knives, swords, and even darts to anyone under 18.


And the new World champion doesn't turn 18 for two more weeks. But if it's really a problem, he could just fly to America, buy any gun he likes, and then hold up a dark shot. Bill, did Josh do well enough to win? Well, he got Five, right? 10 more points. You put all his points together. He has 13, which is a win. There you go. I was worried. I was worried you were gonna put 'em together. I know they're all just lying there. Congratulations Josh. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict after congestion pricing, what's the next previously free thing that New Yorkers will have to pay for. But first, let me tell you that, Wait, Wait, don't tell me.


He's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago, an association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Coka writes our limericks and our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shane Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Dobos and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Blythe Robertson and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen has not been seen since he left here in a Rolls Royce with a Spider monkey. Emma Choi is our vibe curator. Technical directions from Lorna Whiter. C Ffo is Colin Miller. Our production managers Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mr. Michael Danforth now panel, what will New Yorkers have to pay for next? The Farad?


They'll have to pay for rat sightings and the toll is a slice of pizza paid directly to each rat. Rachel Coster. In order to watch the YouTube video of the subway taker next to you's phone, you'll have to give them a fiver And Josh Goleman Brooklyn residents will be forced to shell out 11 bucks just to elbow their friend point across the street and whisper. I think that's Ethan Hawk. Well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You so much, Bill Curtis, thanks to Nain Far saw and Josh Goleman and for making a great day Doing this. Rachel Coster, thanks to our fabulous audience here at the Theater and to all of you, wherever you might be listening, I'm Peter Segel.


We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit. So the card's purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X Business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast. Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't quite yet. I Guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got Him. Okay. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the Conversation.