
This message comes from Capital One, access comprehensive solutions from a top commercial bank that prioritizes your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at capital one.com/commercial member FDIC


From NPR R and WC Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the voice that tells souls to go toward the lights. I'm Bill Curtis And here is your host ET this to DeBaker Theater at the Fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. And Nain Farad. Oh, Thank you Bill. And Thank You everyone. I'm Filling in for Peter Segel because he likes to take a full Father's Day week. We have a great show for you today. We're gonna be joined by Chris Perfetti from Abbott Elementary.


He, that's right. He plays the anxious, grammar sensitive Frisbee dork on the show, which means he'll fit right in with us. But first, it's your turn to dork out. Give us a call to play our games. The number is 1 8 8 8 8. Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Now let's s welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Christian from Portland, Maine. Hi Christian. There's some Portland Maine fans in the audience. What do you, what do you do in Portland? I'm a meteorologist, actually. Oh, Is there? Do you have a like a favorite terrible weather?


Ooh, I'd have to say hurricanes. I love a good hurricane. Oh, that's right. You sound dangerous at a party. Good News, Portland. We've got a hurricane bearing down on us. So fun. Now Christian, let's introduce you to our panel. First up, he's the host of the Daily podcast, TBTL and the Public Radio Variety Show, Livewire, which will be at kiln in Portland, July 17th. It's Luke Burbank. Hey Christian. Woo. Next. She's a comedian who will be headlining the DC improv July 11th through the 13th. It's Joelle Nicole Johnson.


Hey Christian. And he's a comedian who will be playing at Blue no jazz club in Hawaii on June 25th and Flappers Comedy Club in Burbank on July 25th. It's Alonzo Bodden. What's up Christian? Alonzo. Okay. So Christian, welcome to the show. You are gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is going to read you three quotes from this week's news. If you can identify two of them, you'll win our prize, which is any voice from our show on your voicemail. Are you ready? I'm so ready. I can't believe it. Okay, Here's your first quote. There will be 28 Abrams tanks.


6,700 soldiers, 50 helicopters, 34 horses, two mules and a dog. Alright. What will this assorted collection of creatures and weapons be a part of this weekend? That would be the 250th anniversary of the Army parade in DC I believe That's right. Trump's military parade this weekend, Trump is throwing himself a military parade honoring his birthday and the Army's 250th birthday. Just what the army needs. Someone showing up at their birthday party and going, it's my birthday too, I think.


I think that one dog, like all the other dogs are gonna be on him. Like, what are you doing? Why are you out there? What Are you one of them now That poor dog. It's a lot of pressure. Yeah. He's gotta go through this. Well, look, it's, I mean it's one thing to demand a multimillion dollar military parade, but did he also have to demand being Santa in the final float? You know what I hate about this? I hate having something in common with a wannabe dictator. I'm very vain. I'm a Virgo. I would love to have a military parade for myself. I'm bad that he like beat me to the punch. I'm gonna find out. Stalin also liked oyster happy hours. Like what's going on?


Do we know what the weather is gonna be like for the parade? Well, I think we can ask Christian. Hey. Yeah, there you go. Good idea. It's this job. Can you, We just happen to have a guy. Can you summon a hurricane Christian? Yes. I'll tell my best. I've driven in DC numerous times. I've gotten lost every time I'm there. I don't know how you're gonna drive a tank through Washington DC It it literally, the streets are too small for a Prius. And actually, it's funny you should mention the streets because there's gonna be 28 Abram tanks in this parade, which are and and this is true. They're twice as heavy as the weight limit of the streets in DC.


Nice. So it's not the greatest thing for our national defense to show people you can destroy Washington by simply driving tanks down the street Every time. I think we could not do a bigger self own. Yes. We find we find a New thing. You got another way? Let's move on to your next quote. Even athletes, the most virtuously healthy of celebrities are involved. That was Guardian newspaper talking about how more and more celebrities are taking up what? Bad habit. Oh, oh, smoking. That's right. Smoking. Now it's popular again.


And to any kids listening, we wanna be clear. Smoking is not cool. It only makes you look cool. Yes. Important clarification. But thanks to more and more characters in TV shows. Smoking is back. It's on the bear and on just like that. A musician's two Beyonce smokes on stage now it's all coming back around. We got rid of records and now vinyl is back. We got rid of measles and now measles are back. It was also on Broadway too. I went to go see goodnight and good luck and they were smoking on stage. I'm like, bitch, I got asthma. I think we'll know that this is officially a thing when they bring back the greatest joy of my childhood, which was Candy cigarettes.


Yes. With if you got one that had some dust in it, you could blow on it so it would kind of look like smoke was coming out. Yep. I had those. You wonder why my generation is deeply profoundly messed up because we had child cigarettes. Yeah. I was up to a full pack of candy cigarettes in my heyday. Yeah. So who wins in the smoker versus vape debate? Like which one is Alonzo? Which is Who's cooler? Literally vaping has never been Cool. Never been cooler. No. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Put the vapes away forever In defense of vaping. When you walking down the street and somebody is smoking a cigarette and that smacks you in the face, I'd rather get hit with a vape cloud. You wanna taste a root beer plum smoke that was in someone else's lungs.


'cause when you smell the smell of their vape, it's 'cause it was in their body. Exhale. Absolutely. I want some root beer. I want some raspberries. I want some s Strawberries. I want some raspberries. Let's do this. Let's, Alright. All right. Christian, you still there? Right Here. All right. Your last quote is some advice for choosing which concerts to see this summer Budget conscious fans get the best value from Usher According to this advice. The best way to judge a concert's worth is to figure out the price Per what? Per ticket? Yeah. That that is the traditional way.


But there's another way. Let me give you a hint. The set list is basically an itemized receipt. Well, price per song. Price per song. You got it on the first try. That's right. Price per song. So concert tickets are ridiculously expensive. What? With ticket master fees and those tariffs on Enco. And when you break down the price of a concert by song, some fans are paying over $10 per song at a show, which is crazy. Now, if there was a way to pay extra for an artist to play my favorite songs first, so I can leave early, I would definitely pay that. So is Usher the number one value because of a low price or a lot of songs?


Oh, he plays like a ton. A ton of songs. And also Usher's Cost per Yeah. Is the deal of the century. Oh yeah. Yeah. Usher will also steal your wife if you go To a concert. So you get the value, but you won't have a wife no more. So just to be clear, the math comes down to average ticket price divided by how many songs they perform. So a ticket to a Beyonce concert is 490 and she plays 36 songs coming out to $13 each. And remember this math, next time you're at a show and the band is like, all right, no, we're gonna play some new stuff because that band is stealing from you. Yes.


I'm gonna say I just saw Grace Jones on Monday, $18 a 70 cents a song and it was worth every painting. Did you, Did you just do that math on That piece of paper? I did, I did. I had the picture of the set list. But I mean, this is, this is my question. Like do we really wanna bring a buffet mentality to art? You know, where you're like, Mona Lisa's is a great painting, but price per inch, she is not worth it. That was my literal reaction to seeing the Mona Lisa. Right. I waited in a very long line and I got there and I was like, this is smaller than I was expecting. Go to sleep.


I think that's everyone's reaction. Yeah. Yeah. To the Mona Lisa. Size does matter sometimes. Yeah. I've been trying to say it doesn't, but it does. Alright Bill, how did Christian do Like his forecasts? Perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations Christian. Thank You so much for playing our game. Thank You so much for having me. And now panel, I have some questions for you about this week's news.


Alonzo, you've heard of real id. Well, This week the TSA released an advisory reminding people that they cannot get on flights using what? As someone who flies all the time. This one even surprised me. You cannot fly using your Costco card. That's Right. I your truck. No, but I read the story and I was like, I can't believe they're doing, you know, I have all of it. You know, I have clear, I have TSA precheck. In other words, I travel all the time. I'm getting through the airport. If I have to wait for you, 'cause you broke out a Costco card, we gonna have a problem. Plus when you get off the plane, they go through your whole receipt.


Just checking that the flight was okay, which is major time killer where my Costco head's at Learning to fly. Coming up, our panelists celebrate when they were just a twinkle in their dad's eye. Call 1, 8, 8, 8. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR,


This message comes from Grammarly. It's harder than ever to meet the demands of today's job priorities. But 90% of professionals say that Grammarly has saved them time writing and editing their work. Their AI communication assistant can help you communicate more confidently and effectively in just a few clicks. Let Grammarly take the busy work off your plate so you can focus on high impact work. Download Grammarly for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's Grammarly dot com slash podcast.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This message comes from Brit Box. The stories you remember are often the ones you didn't see coming. Brit Box invites you to see it differently With British tv, shake up the everyday and discover worlds that are new, unexpected, and perhaps just what you were looking for. Stream British series, including new Brit Box original mystery Ludwig starring Peep shows. David Mitchell, sign up today and get 50% off your first month when you use the code. wait@britbox.com.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait though. Tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Luke Burbank, Alonzo Bodden, and Joel Nicole Johnson. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Nain Farside. Thanks, bill. Now it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait to play our game on air or check out the pin post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Devon from Tucson, Arizona.


What do you, What do you do there I am. I am actually an elementary art teacher. Nice. Wow. That's awesome. I have a 6-year-old and the art teacher is her favorite teacher. Are you the favorite teacher of many children? I of a lot of them. I always say like, if you wanna feel like a rock star, be an elementary art teacher for sure. Nice. I've made some career mistakes. Okay, so it's so nice to have you with us, Devin. You are going to play the game where you tell truth from fiction. What's the topic, bill?


How I met your father. Hmm. So it's always fun to learn how your parents met, then not fun to learn anything about what happened later that night. Our panelists are gonna tell you about this unique way. Two people got their family started. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? I'm ready. All right. First up, it's Alonzo Bodden. Jennifer Langley loves to ride her happy place is whipping around Chicago on her Vespa. She knew she had to have a man who shared that passion. So when she heard about a biker rally in Sturgis, she had to go.


Well it turns out Sturgis is the biggest motorcycle rally in the country. Fortunately, she found out most of these guys weren't Sons of Anarchy. They were sons of arthritis. Soon everyone at Sturgis heard about Jennifer and her Vespa and she ended up winning the loudest motorcycle competition when her muffler was broken. When Peter, a Harley rider from New York saw her accept her trophy, a chrome muffler with her name engraved on it, he fell in love. And when Jennifer watched him do wheelies on her Vespa, she fell in love with him. And now with a baby on the way they're talking about a sidecar. Alright, The love story from a biker festival from Alonzo Bodden.


Your next man in a meet cute comes from Joelle Nicole Johnson. When Daniel your attended the funeral for a family member two years ago, she spent the afternoon reflecting on their life legacy and how smoking hot the funeral director was. When you imagine an undertaker, maybe you picture a nosferatu as Goul or the pro wrestler who wears that wet coat. But Apollo wasn't like your average undertaker. He was normal and handsome. So naturally, Daniella went to every funeral for two years trying to catch Apollo's eye. She's from a small town in Brazil where everyone knows each other. So it was easy to get away with going to all those funerals.


But wearing that black negligence did seem a little over the top. It took two years because Apollo was quote, always focused on his work. What does a girl have to be dead to get any attention around here? But finally she caught his eye and they got married last weekend. I can't wait to see the romcom based on this 400 funerals in a wedding. All right, The woman who went to a bunch of funerals to catch an undertaker's attention from Joelle, Nicole Johnson and your last future father comes from Luke Burbank. About eight months ago, Yelena Conde Cova noticed something was going on.


Her meals on the International Space Station just looked and tasted better than everyone else's. It almost seemed like maybe it was all made with love. That's because it was down on terra firma food scientist. Paval OV was tasked with preparing the cosmonauts meals and sending them up. And he had fallen in love with Yelena, but not based on her brains or her beauty, but on her bizarre food requests. Once she asked me if she could have freeze dried pickle herring, which caught my attention because that's disgusting. No one has ever asked for that. PA will explain to CNN along with a batch of cabbage soup, extra sour, just how she liked Paval started, including little notes like have a great day riding on that exercise bike and spinning around catching water droplets in your mouth or whatever you do up there.


Yo Elena was charm and started using her weekly phone time to chat with Paval. And before you know what the two were in love last week when Conde Cova splashed down in the Black Sea, Paval was there on the boat with an engagement ring. Conde Cova of course, said yes, enthusiastically followed by also, I really need to sit down because I am not used to this amount of gravity. Okay, Devin? Okay, Devin. So you've got a Vespa writing woman, finding love at Sturgis from Alonzo Bodden, an earth-based chef who fell in love with a cosmonaut based on the food she ordered from Luke Burbank. And a woman who went to two years worth of funerals to catch the funeral director's eye from Joelle Nicole Johnson.


Which one is real? Oh gosh, that's hard. I think they all deserve love. But I'm going to go with the Vespa. Okay. Hey, Yeah, The audience is partially supportive of that. Okay, well, to find out which story is true, we spoke to a reporter covering the real story. This woman was going to strangers funerals for two whole years just to flirt with somebody. And she goes, that's Right that, that was Ashley FA news desk writer for Vice who reported on the woman who persisted after the funeral.


Director's heart. I'm sorry, Devin, but Joelle has the real answer. You didn't win, but you did earn a point for Alonzo. Thank You. Thank You so much for playing with us. Bye. All right, Thank You. This was so fun. Bye. Work, Work, work the body for me. Work, work, work the body for me. Work the body for me. Work the body for me. And now the game we call not my job. Chris Perfetti was primarily known for his dramatic work before landing the role of beloved history teacher Jacob Hill on Abbott Elementary.


Since then, he's won a Screen Actors Guild Award and shared a Peabody with a cast and crew. Let's see if all that time at a fake school taught him enough to play our game. Chris Perfetti, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me Chris, I first of all love the show. You're so funny. We have something in common. We both started out our careers in entertainment as baristas. Apparently you were a Starbucks baristas, is that right? I was. I, I still feel bad to it about it to this day, but I sort of used it as a way to get a job elsewhere.


I knew about this kind of like Starbucks loophole that if you got hired you could be transferred somewhere. And I knew when I went to drama school I needed a job and so I didn't tell them, but I, you know, applied and got a job in my hometown just so that I would have somewhere to work when I went to school. Oh wow. So, okay, so then they just put you at another Starbucks? Yeah, there's like a few of 'em I guess. Yeah, I walked by three just to get to this theater, so yes. And then, okay, so as a Starbucks barista, did you intentionally screw up names on the cup?


I was not trusted with the customers. They learned very early to put me at the bar to make the drinks. I was really good at that. I could, you know, but I Were You, were you doing the, the, the hearts, the heart shapes and the palm tree shapes on the foam? Oh no, there was, there was no time. What are you talking about? There was, there was, I feel like I worked at quite possibly the busiest Starbucks in the world. And so you were just lucky if your order came out. Correct. So you, you spent this time at Starbucks, but you did a, you know, you put a lot of time in serious theater.


Is there like a favorite theatrical piece that you did? I don't know. I think doing Shakespeare in the park really kind of like came Up First for me. You're doing a play for, first of all, just so many people. It's outdoors and sometimes it rains halfway through and you slip and fall on your butt in front of everyone. Did that happen? You fell on your butt in front of everyone? Maybe. Maybe it happened more than once. Literally everyone right now is Googling, so that's, now let's, actually, let's talk about Abbott Elementary. And there's something about that show that the elephant in the room, which is that you have one major quirk in the show.


Your character is a huge Wait, Wait, don't tell me fan. Now that's, yeah. Huge fan of the show. Now I want you to be honest, did you know about Waitwait before you were that character? Are you kidding Nain? Yes. Oh, Thank God. And, and you saying that just kind of has has renewed my fears about season five. I'm terrified about, you know, the line between Chris and Jacob is getting very blurry and decided to not share with Quinta any other personal details about my life because, you know, we show up to a table read and, and there it is.


So yeah, I'm so glad that that made it into our show. So now, so knowing that, like, so when, when that trait was given to you, did that affect, like how you did that character? Was it your, were you like, oh no, I got this. Like how did, oh, what did, what did you change about the character knowing that you could go full waitwait dork? Really not much. I mean, I feel like has given us such permission to, you know, be sort of the authority on these characters and I think it made perfect sense and once again, I'm just like, I'm, I'm terrified about what's gonna show up next season Now actually.


So I heard this rumor and I wonder if it's true, I heard a rumor that your mom pitches ideas for Abbott Elementary. Yeah, she totally does. God bless her. She's, she reminds me that the show is on and she likes to, you know, kind of like go through the plot of that week with me when I call on Sundays. And Did she give, she gives notes. That's always a joy. Yeah. Yeah. She thinks, Yeah, I'm sure. Did she also do that with Shakespeare in the park? My mother has given notes on everything I have done since the day.


So you, you play this iconic teacher on tv. Have your own like teachers from the past approach you with tips or feedback? Oh no, I think they, I think if they ever saw me in person again, they would probably physically harm me. I've made very clear of them and probably they of me, I made their lives a living hell, which, but I'm Very Wait, you were not, were you like not a good student? Were you At like a troublemaker At No. Oh no. No. I really enjoyed school but school did not enjoy me.


Alright Chris, well we've asked you here to play a game. We are calling Abbott Elementary meet the elementary Abbotts. So you star in Abbott Elementary. Don't be scared, don't be scared. It's gonna be okay. Flashbacks. I wasn't good at school. Nadine. Okay, so you star in Abbott Elementary. So we thought we'd ask you three questions about another kind of Abbott. That's right. We're talking about monks. Ah, Answer two out of three questions correctly and you'll win a prize for one lucky listener. The voice of anyone they choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Chris Perfetti playing for Jake Evans of Los Angeles, California.


Jacob, let's go. Let's good Jake. Okay, Here's your first question. A group of monks in the French Alps have taken a vow of silence, but they are allowed to speak in certain conditions, including which of these, is it a when singing along to their favorite bad bunny song? Is it B when they really need to talk about a cool leaf they saw? Or is it C when calling the monastery cats to dinner by making kitty calling noises. C. C, Oh, I really didn't think I needed to hear any more options after a, but I'm glad I did. I'm gonna go with CI think.


Wow. That's right. Very good. That's right. Every Abby makes an exception to their vow of silence as long as the monks are being adorable. Okay, here's your next question. Monks are known for living lives of peaceful contemplation, which is why one monk in Japan got in trouble when he started doing, what was it, a halfway through meditation time. He loudly said, boring. Is it B angrily responding to every negative Yelp review about his monastery? Or is it C trying to jazz up the chance by doing some sick harmonies?


I feel like I want to go with B. That is right. Yeah. When when one reviewer complained about the food at the abbey, the monk responded, and this is true. Yeah, it's monastic cuisine. You uneducated 2025 will do that to a monk. Oh yeah. All right. Here is your last question though. It surprises a lot of people. Monks have unknowingly made a huge impact on pop culture as proven by which of these, is it a law and orders? Dun dun sound is partly a recording of 500 monks stomping on a wood floor.


Is it B, the members of the band one direction first met during a school trip to a monastery or C, the reason Vin diesel shaves his head is because a monk came to him in a dream and told him he'd look cool bald. God bless you. Wait, Wait, don't tell me I'm gonna go with, those are so funny. I'm gonna go with eggs. A the eggs, that's right. The dun dun also includes a sound of a hammer hitting an anvil. And if you listen closely, the scream of a man who just hit his thumb with a hammer Bill, how did Chris Perfetti do?


The teacher is always right and this teacher got every single one correct. Yay. Yeah. I's gonna be proud. Congratulations Chris. You're a big winner. And Chris Perfetti is one of the stars of Abbott Elementary. All four seasons are streaming Now. Chris Perfetti, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You Chris. Love You. Thank You so much, Chris. In just a minute, bill tells you you have to save money on your next hot date in our listener Limerick challenge. Call 1 8 8 8.


Wait, Wait to join us on air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR,


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you with one touch in app scheduling, pick up and delivery or effortless your clothes come back fresh, folded and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse makes laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up@rinse.com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from tma. Create Your Oasis with tma, A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential. TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves, and minimalist style. The TMA bed collection is available in four signature finishes to match any design aesthetic. To get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to t.co/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Joelle Nicole Johnson, Luke Burbank, and Alonzo Bodden. And here again is your host at Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Na game par five. Thanks Bill. In just a minute, it's the listener Limerick challenge. If you dare, if you'd like to play, Give us a call at 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. But now panel, I have more questions from this week's news. Luke, self-driving cars will revolutionize the roads in all kinds of ways.


And according to the Wall Street Journal, it'll especially change the time honor tradition of big family. What Big family road trips. That's right. Big family road trips when some What? What else could have been the answer? Big family make out sessions. Only one word ends that sentence. So, but that's right. With self-driving cars, family road trips will never be the same. Auto makers are designing features like live flat seats for naps. Oh yeah. And full screens to watch movies and shows on the road. Sorry, Yellowstone National Park.


I can't look at you right now. I'm finishing season three of Yellowstone. I'm, I'm the oldest of seven kids and we, we didn't have a lot of money. So when we actually went on a trip, it was always a road trip in an old Ford van. Probably not one seatbelt in the whole thing. My dad would take out the backseats and put in a futon pad. There'd be like six kids just laid out reading Archie magazines as this thing bombed through the Pacific Northwest and those listening to Christian music on the tape deck. And let me tell you, those were some great memories. Oh yeah. It'd be sad that people will not have that in their family life anymore. Well, and honestly I think you're right. I feel like it ruins everything magical about family road trip.


Right? Because where's the excitement of running out of gas on the highway because your dad was sure the next exit had it cheaper. Or if Your parents aren't driving, how are you supposed to learn? Mom has some anger issues and if you're facing each other, that's just increases the risk of getting barfed on. Ooh. It eliminates the age old threat of dad driving and saying, don't let me come back there. Yeah. And the kids knew dad couldn't come back there because he's driving. Yes. Well guess what? In a self-driving car, he's coming back there. All we, all we had to do was figure out how to bob and weave away from an arm that was going backwards.


That was as dangerous as it got. All right Joelle, that's me. It's wedding season. And according to an etiquette coach, if you need to leave the wedding early, the best way to do it is approach the happy couple and say what exact words, My my baby has diarrhea. And you're talking about your husband. No, no. This etiquette coach suggests, and this is true, you approach the happy couple and say these words, I must depart early. Please do not be concerned. I will be in touch later.


Is it a Star Wars themed wedding? It's basically an excuse that says I care enough to say goodbye and apparently I have a gun to my head. Yes, I would prefer an Irish goodbye A hundred percent. I don't think anyone having been married multiple times, not to brag, Ooh, You got alimony When you're in the eye of the storm. AKA, you're one of the people getting married. I don't think you are tracking when people are coming or going. Yeah. I don't think anybody needs to take time outta their life to come up and do an AI adios To you. You are distracted. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's kind of like when you have a comedy show and people tell you, oh I can't make it. You are like, I don't care.


The other thing that works really good is I must depart early. I have just discovered it's a cash bar. Yes. Which There's more honesty to that one. Yes. Yeah. Coming up it's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you wanna play on air, call or leave a message at 1 8 8 8, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Or catch us on the road this summer. We'll be in Salt Lake City on July 31st and at Tanglewood in Western Massachusetts on August 28th.


For tickets and more information to all our live shows, go to npr presents.org and you can now find us on TikTok at waitwait NPR. That's TikTok with no Cs. Ya dweebs. Hi, you're on Waitwait. Don't tell me. Hi. So nice to be here. I'm Tracy Ferric. I live in Alexander, Virginia, right outside of dc. Tracy, What do you do? I am a high school English teacher. Nice. Nice. So flawed. Okay. Tracy, how do you navigate knowing if a, a student used chat GPT these days? Yeah, That's a great question.


I have them hand write at the beginning of the year and so I kind of know their writing style and when a student who hardly ever shows up turns in this work of masterpiece you, you kind of just know. And when I type into chatt PT, the exact prompt and get the exact same thing, then you know, don't, they're too lazy to even change it up a bit. You're like the FBI. You're getting like a handwriting sample. I know. I can be hired by the CIA tomorrow. I'm ready. That's crazy. Alright, Tracy. Well Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on two limericks, you're a winner. Here's your first limerick. No tasting room.


Parties are hotter and when done we don't teeter or totter the bouquet and the nose say it came from a hose we are tasting assortments of. Okay. So it rhymes with totter, It rhymes with totter and it comes from a hose. How about water? Oh, that's right. Yes. And water Is a whole different flavor Of water. Yes. It's So fine. Wines are making way for fine water. More and more fancy diners are embracing boutique water brands and looking to so-called water Somalia for advice.


You'll really love the balance between hydrogen and oxygen in this one. The idea is that water from different areas has different minerals and a different taste. And I totally agree. I mean, nothing says Newark Airport like a sip from a plastic bottle of Aquafina. Yes. We call that a reverse. Jesus. When you turn wine into water, it is way less fun. And speaking of New Jersey, I'm from New Jersey and Trotter does not rhyme with water. Alright Tracy, here's your next limerick With my new friend. Self pity decreased with this water and flower we feast like me, he's a pong guy 'cause he is a fungi.


My new friends a culture of Yeast. Yes, indeed. Did you nail it or what? So because dogs and cats are expensive and time consuming, youngsters in China have adopted pet yeast. They keep the yeast in a little jar after raising, which you could do by feeding dry yeast with flour, water, and sugar, or by wearing tight jeans for too long. Ew. So one of the two psychologists interviewed for the article explained that pet yeast can give its owner security because it doesn't get sick, make trouble or need attention.


It also doesn't, and this is true. Do anything else? Yeah, here's your last lime. Ah, this is frugal. It isn't a new con. I get discounts. So put one more scoop coupon. Since I am cash strapped, I browse flyers and apps and on dates I will pay with a, Oh, I watched extreme couponing. I got this coupon. Well, it used to be considered tacky. More than half of Americans now consider it Okay. To use a coupon on a first date. It's a good sign that your date is financially conscious, but it does ruin the vibe when they're like, you can't get shrimp.


That's not part of the deal. I wonder what world this is. Yeah, I, I Don't eat at places that would take Coupons. Oh, it's like what in the Applebee's? I feel like a lot of that stuff is on your phone now, so you might be able to be slick about the coupon. Right, right. Like in the olden days it's a physical thing, but now I feel like it's probably an app like, oh, are you gonna pay with the app? And maybe you could kind of like sneak it in or use your points or something. I think you could get away with it now more than you could in the olden days. I Honestly wouldn't be mad if a dude was like, we getting 20% off. 'cause I'd be like, okay, I will get the lobster.


All right, bill, how did Tracy do? Her classes are gonna go crazy. She got 'em. All right. Perfect score. Alright. Thanks so much for joining us Tracy. Thank You so much


Support for this podcast and the following message come from maiden cookware president and co-founder Jake Kalik shares a tool that's useful for both master and newbie griller. The craftsmanship of the carbon steel griddle enhances your grilling experience because it allows you a totally different type of grill surface that opens up the amounts of food you're able to cook. So the griddle is the perfect accessory to add to your grill and kind of widen your your grilling game. Learn more about maiden cookware at M-A-D-E-I-N cookware.com.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home in auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


This message comes from Bluehost. Bluehost can make building a great website easy and offers a 30 day money back guarantee. Customize and launch your site in minutes with ai, then optimize with built-in search engine tools. Get your great site@bluehost.com.


Now onto our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each player will have 60 seconds to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Luke And Joelle each have two, but Alonzo has three. Pressure. Pressure. All right, so I'm going to arbitrarily choose Luke to go first. The clock will start when I begin your first question. All right, Luke, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, protest, continue to cross the country against the administration's blank policies. Immigration, ice. Right. On Monday, a court ruled that Trump's blanks could remain in place as legal challenges proceeded.


Teeth no tariffs. On Thursday, California Senator Alex Padilla was forcibly removed from a press conference held by Homeland Security Chief Blank, Christy Nome, Right. Best known as the primary songwriter for the Beach Boys Musician Blank passed away at the age of 80 82. Brian Wilson, Right this weekend, man in Kentucky was arrested after he responded to being kicked out of a store by blanking, Trying to climb back in through the air conditioner. No, by coming back and releasing a wild raccoon into the store. Nice Through the air conditioner. Half a point On Wednesday, a jury once again found disgrace. Movie producer, blank.


Guilty of assault. Harvey Weinstein. Right. With Father's Day approaching Wired recently recommended a $50 robotic dog that can dance, swim, and blank on command. Rub its own nose in the carpet No P, the the robotic dog, which is for sale on team who is listed as quote, upgraded stunt robot dog with 18 modes including Kung fu, dance, swim, and urinate. It's the perfect thing to buy for your dad because it wouldn't be Father's Day without a gift that says, I've known you for 40 years and still have zero idea what your interests are. Bill, how did Luke do?


He's going for the big one. Four, right. Eight more points. Total to 10. He's in the lead. Neil. Four Now All Joel, you are up next. Joelle, fill in the blank. Following their feud last week, blank took to Twitter to apologize to President Trump. Ugh. Elon Musk Right after her aid ship bound for Gaza was raided. Environmentalist blank was deported from Israel. Greta. That's right. Greta Thunberg. This week, RFK Junior fired every member of the White House advisory panel on blanks. Vaccinations. Right. On Thursday, Israel launched an aerial strike against targets in blank Iran.


Right? This week, Senator Rand Paul made a statement against the Trump administration complaining that he had been blanked, Punch in the face on his lawn Close Disinvited from the White House picnic. Oh, same After whining about it, blank was reinvited to the White House picnic Rand Paul. Right. According to a new study, people using TikTok skincare routines to help their skin problems are finding their skin problems are caused by blanking, Injecting sperm into their skin cells. The TikTok is actually causing their skin problems the skincare routines themselves. A new study from Northwestern University found that many skin disorders are directly linked to the TikTok skincare routines that are supposed to prevent them.


But that makes no sense. How could plastering my face with eight mysterious substances each with a different kind of acid in them possibly irritate my skin? Bill, how did Joy l do? Well the technicality gutter in the Lead five ride. 10 more points. That'll live 12 riding high. Bill, how many does Alonzo need to win? Am mere five mm. All right, Alonzo, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Monday, Russia launched over 300 drone strikes against blank Ukraine. Right? On Thursday, a new study found that increased blank time is linked to low self-esteem in kids Play time.


Increased screen time. This week, it town in Pennsylvania launched a new initiative to fix potholes called Blank Fixing Potholes. It's called Fix My Hole. Oh my God. On Tuesday, paleontologists announced the discovery of a new dinosaur related to the blank Whole fixer T-Rex. This week, programmers of a new video game revealed that whenever your character CROs, there's a one in 100 chance heel blank. When your character crouch as one in a hundred chance he'll get up, Then he'll let out a little fart That look crazy.


It's, It's being hailed as a groundbreaking moment for video game realism, and it's designed to make the game more difficult. See, you're crouching to hide from your enemies, but if you fart, they can find you. Bill, did Alonzo do well enough to win? Well, he got one right for two more points, A total of five, and that means joy. Is this week's winner? Yeah. Alright. In just a minute, our panelists predict after Trump's military parade, what will be the next surprising parade in the news?


But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goca writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shayna Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Dobos and Lillian King. Special thanks to Blythe Robertson and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our Hall pass. Emma Choi is our vibe Curator, technical direction. Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chile, the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel?


What'll be the next surprising parade? Alonzo Bodden. The Perp Walk. Luke Burbank, The Parade Magazine Parade with Grand Marshall, Marilyn Vo Savant World's smartest person. Yes. Joelle Nicole Johnson, The America. We had a good run parade. Oh, Anthony, that happens. We're gonna ask you about it. Where? Wait, Wait. Don't tell Me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks also to Joel. Nicole Johnson, Alonso boat and Lou Burbank. Thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Nain Farad at We'll see you next week.


This is NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the US. Get started with your own design studio. Sign up for your $1 per month trial@shopify.com slash NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one Password, secure access to your online world. From emails to banking so you can protect what matters most with one password For a free two week trial, go to one password.com/ NPR.


This message comes from no CD. Have you ever had an unwanted thought that gets stuck in your head? It could be. O-C-D-O-C-D can cause distress in all areas of life, from relationships to how you view yourself, but it's also highly treatable. OCDs licensed therapists are specially trained in identifying and treating OCD. If you think you're struggling with OCD, visit n ocd.com to schedule a free 15 minute call. That's NO cd.com.