
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Broadbent PR and WBE. E Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Get out your diaper cream, and the voice as smooth as a baby's butt. I'm Bill Curtis, And here's your host at the Stude Baker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Filling in for Peter Segel. Dul, say, Sloan, It's to me. Hey, Thank You. Thank You Bill. And thanks everybody. We have a great show for you today. Now, I know some of y'all are wondering, how did she get this job Filling in for Peter Segel?


I mean, well, who knew that? A man who runs so much Couldn t Beat me in a Leg wrestling match. Later on, we'll be talking to Sports Power Couple Super and Megan Rapino about their new podcast A Touch More. But first it's your turn to touch us more. I'm single by giving us a call. The number is eight eight eight. Wait, Wait. That's 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Now let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you on Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, my name is Katie Peele and I'm calling from Denver, Colorado. Now what do you do when this here Denver, Colorado, up there in the mountains where you can't breathe?


Well, I am a recently resigned public school teacher and I manage a small coffee shop in a farm to table restaurant. Ooh, okay. That's very Colorado. Very npr. Well, KA Hi. Hey, lemme introduce you to our panel. First is a comedian performing soon in Sunnyvale, California and Erie, pa and host of the trivia podcast. Go Fact yourself airing now on a a's public radio. It's Helen Hall. Hello. Hi Katie. Hi everybody. Next a comedian will be part of Kyle K's K's Giving Show on November 27th at the Talia Hall in Chicago. It's Adam Bur. Hello Katie.


And the comedian will be at Helium Comedy Club in Philadelphia. November 9th through the 11th. It's Alonzo Bode. Hello Katie. Hey girl. Welcome to the show Katie. Now you are going to play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is going to read you three quotes from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you choose on your voicemail. You ready? Yep. Okay. Here's your first quote. All the single ladies. All the single ladies, all the single ladies. All the single ladies. That was somebody adding her name to the many celebrities endorsing Kamala Harris This week.


Who loves it? Beyonce. Beyonce with less than two weeks to the to election day, the celebrity endorsements are rolling in. Harris has now wrapped up Beyonce, Eminem, Taylor Swift and Bruce Springsteen, while Trump has earned the endorsements of Joe exotic from Tiger King and a bunch of people on Jeffrey Epstein's flight Dile. And it's not officially an endorsement. You know, Beyonce just appeared at a Kamala Harris rally in Houston yesterday. You know, it was a move that that, you know, she said, I support Kamala, but not enough to fly to Pennsylvania. And that is my Beyonce impression.


I love That. I love that. 'cause they keep saying, oh, it's unofficial, it's unofficial. Like really, really Beyonce is unofficially endorsing comedy. Like, come on. I think we're a little bit past Coy. What, what if she was a big RFK person? What if Beyonce would say, I know there's just something about him. That's, that's the question. Where's the surprise? Is anyone surprised that Beyonce is supporting Kamala Harris? Only people who surprise are the people who still claim to be undecided. Right? Those geniuses who are like, oh, well if Beyonce's involved maybe I'll, maybe I can make a decision. I mean, what, what other endorsement? Who, let's see, who else could there be?


Well, we did have a very, according to my notes This week, we also got the October surprise, the endorsement that could change the race. Now Kamala Harris, this is true. Got the endorsement of Wait for it. The Insane Clown Posse Because Like, you know, things are getting crazy when Shaggy two Dope is out here calling for a saner clown pop. Alright. All right. Don't say you backed me into a corner. I Alonzo Boden now officially endorsed Kamala Harris. Thank You. I'm in Alonzo, I in, I'm shocked. I in, I was at the edge of my seat the Entire time.


I Know you can relax. I didn't even know you were a Juggalo, but didn't Trump got a huge endorsement This week? Trump was endorsed by e Coli. Oh yeah. He was pretending to work at that McDonald's. Yeah. And five days after he worked at McDonald's, he Coli was like, well if you let him in, you're trying to let us in. Alright Katie, here's our next quote. Are you sure? Would you like three more months at half price? Those are questions we may never see again. Thanks to a new federal ruling. Making it easier to do what?


I'm not sure. Could I have a hint? Okay. I can give you a hint. Like say you wanna stop the gym. Like you know how Planet Fitness of Con You and into thinking you gonna come back. This new law will make it easier for you to not have to eat donuts in a gym. Gym numbers. You know what, Katie, you were close enough. It's Cancel subscription. Cancel subscription. The new law is called click to Cancel. It requires that you'll be able to cancel a subscription the same way you signed up for it. Right? This is the kind of news that is gonna have million Americans going, wait, I subscribe to Peacock.


So this works. So this allows you to cancel the same way you signed up. So do I have to be drunk? I think that's, that's between you and your God. I Don't think, Because like under the rule, like if you sign up with one click, you have to be able to cancel with one click. So you know, you just look for like a little button on the screen. There's like a little puppy that says, but if you cancel, I'll Stop. I'm gonna Now do you have to subscribe to click to cancel? In order to click to cancel, That's Gonna be the next thing. Are you subscribed to click to cancel? No. Well then you can't click to cancel. I don't know if we've hit that rabbit hole yet. Said, I mean, can they just have a button to tell Duolingo just to calm the hell down?


Like, just like I'll, I'll learn in French for my own time. Just stop yelling at me. All right, Katie, here's your last quote For fonder Farewells, please use the parking lot. That is a new sign at an airport in New Zealand. The first in the world to institute a rule limiting what to three minutes or less. Like a goodbye hug. Yes. Yes. Fighting the delays caused by long goodbyes. An airport in New Zealand is now limiting hugs in the off zone to three minutes or less. So get ready to look over from that long hug and see a TSA agent standing there with a stopwatch and a taste.


They're, they're gonna regret the specificity of that language, of that word hug. When people are like, well technically we're having sex. I'm not, my arms aren't anywhere near her. I mean, which still you can get done in three minutes if you Gotta fight. You know, my thing is, and I don't know what airports, I guess it's different in New Zealand, any airport I've been to, you can't have your car parked in front for three minutes. Yeah, you stop and that cop's like, wait a minute, keep moving, keep moving. Yeah. So I mean, I would love to meet the bitter lonely, can't get a ride to the airport ass person who came up with this One. This is from an airport in New Zealand, which I feel like this is so off brand for New Zealand that I'm convinced this is one airport official in New Zealand who just has a really clingy mother.


He Was just like, honey and he's like, mom, I know, but the rules. And also, oh mom, I can't feel my left shoulder anymore. I'm sorry, I Have to go. It's weird. It could be the fact that every flight from New Zealand is so long that you gotta say goodbye like, you know, I may never see you again. You're about to board this 19 hour flight for civilization. That's True. Oh, like Flying Spirit Airlines. It's like this hub gonna be long because I might not make it outta the bad neighborhood. That is this plain. A three minute long hug is a really long hug. No it's Not. Yes, it's What is wrong with y'all? Three minutes is not a long time. You, You can microwave two frozen burritos In three minutes.


Do you know how much you can get done in three minutes? That is, that is an epic hug. Three minutes. Alright Bill, how did Katie do on our quiz? She's The champions. She got 'em. All right. Yay. Go Katie. Going Katie, Now voicemail. Alright, Thank You so much. Thank You. The clock. I think we're out of time Right now. Panel time for you to answer some questions from this week's news.


News. All right. Now Alonzo, if you work in New York, sit, A new bill says that you can use a sick day, not just when you're sick, but also when your what is sick. Your dog, your pet. Yes. Absolutely. When your dog is sick, a New York City councilman is introducing a law that would require employers to let people use sick days if their dog is sick. Now it makes sense because you don't wanna be the guy in the office who gave everybody heart works. Well this is an interesting law in New York because they're New Yorkers. If a New Yorker calls in sick and you say, what's wrong with you?


You get none of your business. I'm sick. Yeah. And And they go on about, you know, their day. Do you have to prove, like do you have to get on a Zoom call with your boss and hold up, you know, buddy and, and buddies just like, And what if it's one of those breeds that always looks sick? Yeah, Alexis Like, looks like a frenchie Or something That's just like, and you're like, see he can't even breathe. Come On. Also, I don't know about all these anti-D dog people, but if my dog is sick, I ain't showing up. I hear I, Yeah. Alright, alright. We're clapping that 'cause that's the most American nonsense I've ever heard. Like sick Adam.


Sick days for dogs and Amazon employees don't get any, like if I was an Amazon employee, I would start dressing up like a shit suit just so I could get a couple of days off Coming up. Our panelists send their greetings in our Buff the Listener game. Call 1, 8 8 8. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Adam Burke, Alonzo Boden, and Helen Hong. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Filling in for Peter Segal. It's Do Thank You. Right now it's time for Wait, Wait, don't tell me what's the listener game. Call 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait to play our game on air or check out the pin post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi, you on. Wait, Wait.


Don't tell me. Hi, this is Kristen from Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh. I've been to Pittsburgh. What you do in Pittsburgh? Girl. I'm a high school teacher and in my spare time I volunteer at a cat rescue called Pittsburgh Cat. Yeah, Right. Thank You for helping the kitty cats. It's so nice to have you. Kristen. Now you are gonna play our game in which you must try to tell truth from fix. Sean, what's the topic? Bill? Greeting cards in the news. Ooh. Greeting cards. The perfect way to tell someone you do care about them, but not enough to send an actual gift.


Our panelists are gonna tell you about an incident involving a greeting card that made the news This week. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win our prize. The wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play, Christine? I am. Ready. Hey, first up, it's Helen Hall. Getting laid off is never fun, but getting laid off and not even getting a goodbye card from your coworkers, well that's just criminal. That's what a woman claimed in court when she sued British Airlines for not giving her a farewell card. When she left the company, the cardless woman who happened to be named Karen was so offended that she took legal action.


Cardless Karen and the obviously not great lawyer who took on her case had a rude awakening in court when a former colleague testified that they did buy a card but they didn't give it to her because only three people signed it. Awkward Undaunted cardless. Karen is now preparing lawsuits against a busload of strangers who didn't all say bless you after she sneezed A greeting card lawsuit from Helen Ho. Your next noteworthy note card comes from Adam Burke.


Nothing says you care for someone like a homemade greeting card and nothing says you really care for them like getting a professional to make it for you. But not everyone can afford their own writers and artists, which is where bespoke greeting card start up. Heart murmurs comes in. The Iowa based company seeks to automate the process by using AI to write and design cards tailored to your loved ones explains Founder Han Bowman. For our initial testing, we wanted to see what we get with zero human intervention. It was here, the limitations started to show with participant Lisa Crowder having to apologize to her 72-year-old mother after the latter received a godly decorated card that read Roses are Red and neither are you f Patrick Mahomes, you're 72.


As Bowman explains, the AI scrubs your social media to sound more like you. So if you say a lot of profane things about the Chiefs that might come up even more bizarre were some of the attempts at festive missives with one Ellis Hoskins getting her card reading. Happy Holidays. Ellis Santa is coming for you. There is no escape. Ho ho ho. Clearly we've got some work to do, says Bowman. Alright, AI going a little too far from Adam Burke and your last story of some paper in the paper comes from Alonzo Boden When Motor Week Magazine writer Peter Seat finally met with the famous Airbags Car Club in Detroit.


It wasn't just their collection of old cards that stood out, it was their collection of greeting cards. What's with all the cards? Well, founding airbags member Gonzo Raymond isn't just the owner of a 1963 Impala convertible, he's also the owner of some very passionate opinions about e-cards. Turns out he hates them. So everyone started sending him cards, not just birthday and Christmas cards, cards for everything. Did you know April 14th is National Ex-Spouse Day? January 21st is Squirrel Appreciation Day National Left-Handers Day is August 13th.


They even got him a card for nothing on January 16th because that's national Nothing Day. Okay, Christian, you've got Helen's story about a woman suing for not getting a fail world card only to realize she had one. It was just too pathetic to give to her Adam's story about an AI company writing cards that are a little too personal and from Alonzo Boden Ecar turn an old car collector into a greeting card collector. Which story is the real story? Okay, this is pretty tough, but I think I'm going to go with Adam's story because as a teacher I encounter a lot of bad AI sometimes from students who are rushed to get an assignment in.


Oh, okay. Well, to find out the correct answer, we spoke to someone covering the real story. They discovered that the company had a card for Karen, but only two or three people were actually willing to sign it. That was Alice Levins from the Hammer and Nigel Show talking about the real story of the card. No one wanted to side, I'm sorry Kristen, but Helen had the real answer. I'm sorry you didn't win, but you did earn a 0.4. Adam, Thank You with us.


Goodbye. Thank You, Thank You. Bye. And now it's time for a game we call not my job. Basketball and soccer legend Sue Bird and Megan Rapinoe are a true sports power couple with seven Olympic medals, countless championships and a presidential medal of freedom between them. Oh, where y'all keep all these medals at. They're also the hosts of a Touch More a show about women's sports that's given their track record. We'll probably be the first podcast to win a Nobel Prize Sue Bird and Megan Rapinoe.


Welcome to Wait. Wait. Okay, so since y'all got all these accolades, do you prefer legends or goats? Like how do you like to be referred to? Legend. Legend. Okay. That's classy. So I do have a question about your podcast. It's called A Touch More. Correct. Now I wanna know, how did you shift the podcast from like a tipsy Instagram Live? So like a full podcast? Well, we took out the tipsy part that helps got a couple of Google docs going and that's basically it.


That's basically it. We're pretty much doing the same things. We have no idea what we're doing. Sam's is really what it is. Sam, I know. We're like, who gave us these jobs? We did. So Miss Sue, who's a dream guest for the podcast? Ooh, a dream guest. I mean, we wouldn't mind having Kamala Harris on, so that would be nice. This is Megan praying for President Harris. Yeah. Have You called Beyonce? Because she knows her. She's got an in. Yeah. Yeah. I'll have to, I'll text her when we're done. Be like, Hey Beyonce, we need Ms. Harris' number. Thank You.


Okay, now I do have some questions. Y'all are like, just like this, you know, super sports power couple, just the strongest calves of any relationship. I do have a question. Since y'all are just these iconic like legends of sports, do you remember watching each other play? Like before y'all met each other? Did y'all like, were y'all fans of each other before y'all met? Megan? Megan, Megan says, yes, Megan watched me in college. How do we feel about this Now? I do wonder like, are y'all very competitive because you are sports led so it makes sense, you know, medals and stuff.


A family game night. Is it better if y'all are on the same team or opposing teams? Megan won't play games. Y'all like Megan won't play games. I'm not a game. It's so frustrating. Really. She won't play cards, she won't play anything. I'll play some cards, but I don't like to be competitive in life. But even on the field, I was like, wow, So much fix girl. What? You have medals. They gave you a big ass Shoot. Have you I I always figured the person who won four World Cups wasn't that competitive. I mean we were gonna win, you know?


I like that. So there is seven Olympic medals. There's championships, there's a giant shoe, a medal of freedom. Where do y'all put all these awards? Does your living room just look like a high school lobby like you sat? We actually have none of it in the house. None of it. What? It's all like in storage or in a safe or something. We basically, so one year we decided let's be smart about this and buy a safe. So we bought like one of those small ones. Whatever you put in like a closet and then we put it in there. But we never got to the part where you have to like drill it into the wall so somebody could just really come and take the safe is really what it's, This sounds like, this sounds like the most insane episode of Storage Wars in about 10 years.


I'm Just, I'm just thinking of all the people you two have beaten for championships and medals and honors and they're like, they don't even Care. I trained My whole life. They don't even care. The metal's locked away somewhere. I cried when I lost and they're just Unsecured safe, just Floating around somewhere. I could have just waited and got a jackhammer Basically. Yeah. Might As well be in a shoebox. Jeez. Jeez. It was at one point. It was. Yeah, we, this is the upgrade. Wow. Are you against just being ostentatious?


Do you feel like it's too flashy? It's too gaudy. Like why don't you have these A little bit? Yeah. Really? You are. And and like you're not gonna wear 'em. They're heavy. If I want a giant shoe, I would be wearing that thing around my neck every single Day. Yeah. I would like, I would like your podcast to start with the sound of you just taking all your medals out. Yeah. Clunk, clunk, clunk, clunk. It's the first 20 minutes about Your actually her. Well, alright, Sue and Megan, we've asked you here today to play a game. We're calling Hardner in literal crime.


So you two are a famous power couple. So we decided to ask you about an infamous power couple, Bonnie and Clyde, who also have seven Olympic medals for Big wine. I wanna know where they keep theirs In Their coffins because they dead now answer Two Of your questions, right? And you'll win a prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone from our show on their voicemail. Bill, who are Sue Bird and Megan Rapinoe playing for Ren Hopman of Seattle, Washington. Hey.


Alright friends, here's your first question. Bonnie and Clyde committed crimes across the US in a stolen car before being gunned down by Texas Rangers. A surprising thing happened after their deaths. What? A, the local baseball team decided to change their name from the Texas Bank robbers to the Texas Rangers. B. Their life insurance policy was fully paid out because insurance companies did not yet have an exception for dying while committing a crime spree. Or see the next year, the site of the shootout became the top location for weddings in all of Texas.


Yeah, I enjoy the whispering. Why. Okay. What You call it, Megan thinks it's C. Okay. Oh wow. And Miss Ms. Suber, do You agree With your Paul? Yeah. Final answer. Do you agree We're gonna go B, join Together. The answer is B, their life insurance policy. You did it Joe. Here's your next question.


Bonnie and Clyde of two of the most famous criminals of all time, but Frank Hamer, the Texas Ranger, who finally caught them has his own claim to fame. What? He's a one of the earliest people on record to use the phrase bust a cap B. He's the frank that Frank Fer are named after. Or C, he hit number one on the charts with a song called I Shot Bonnie and Clyde. He's one. Okay. A a C. You know what actually, yeah, it's a, After The shootout, Hamer said quote, I hate to bust a cap on a woman.


However, if it wouldn't have been her, it would've been us and gangster rap, which changed forever. What a thing to learn. Alright, Yeah, yeah. Here is your last question. Bonnie and Clyde have a preferred getaway vehicle, the Ford V eight, model B. Apparently Clyde loved the card so much that he once did what? A got a tattoo of one on his arm next to the word zoom B called the editor of the Dallas Morning News, insisting the paper referred to them as Bonnie and Clyde and their Ford V eight.


Model B or C wrote Henry Ford a letter praising the car, quote, sustained speed and freedom from trouble. Two things today. I can read the answers Again. I think it's C, The answer C, but sadly P Before everyone knows that today the best getaway car is the Nissan Ultima Bill. How did Sue and Meghan do on our quiz Proving they are always winners.


They got the come on medals. We, we won't, we won't send you a trophy, but what would be the point? Not worth it. Going to storage unit Silver Lake. Anyway. Sue Bird and Megan Rapinoe are legends in their re respect for sports new episodes of their podcast. A Touch More Drop every Wednesday, wherever you get your podcast. So Sue Bird and Megan Rapino, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me in just a minute we reveal the underground wedding scene in our listener Limerick Challenge.


Call 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR,


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on The Line podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Helen Hong, Adam Burke and Alonzo Boin. And here again is your host at these two DeBaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Filling in for Peter Segel. It's dual c Sloan. Hey, Thank you. In just a minute. Bill has dinner with Buster Rhimes and our listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, call us at one eight eight eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. But right now panel some more questions from the weak S News, Adam.


Yep. Now you are familiar with Tech Neck, right? Nope. Okay. You're not up on the latest terms. So Tech Neck, the Quasimodo look you get after staring at your phone all the time, right? Okay, well This week we read about a new way to get rid of it. What is it? Throw your phone into the river. Yes. Okay. What about a way to cover it up? Oh, Cover up tech. Is it like where like we're one of those travel pillows all the time. You might say not all heroes. Oh is it? Oh, they're special.


Like tech neck capes. Yes. They are telling people to what? To wear a cape to cover up your tech neck if you weren't getting beat up enough. We're all, you know, crumbled over our phones a hundred hours a day, giving our neck that fresh off of a, you know, rollercoaster accident look and it's called Tech Neck or as your mother used to call it, stand up Straight. But now you can look like super girl doing it. Yeah. Or like yeah, the crappiest superhero. It's Instagram stalker, man. No, I don't understand. I don't understand how the Cape covers up the hunchback doesn't it just, doesn't it make you just look like you have a hunchback with a cape on it?


No, that's what the pleats are for. Helen the pleats. Yeah. Well we also have the increasing intensity of these storms. Now, God forbid you're wearing your cape when a category four blows in, you are gone. What happened to 'em? Oh, that cape was tied a little too tight last seen floating over Indiana. I don't know. So when, yeah, when you, when your cape gets caught in a revolving door and you get strangled to death, they'd be like, well at least he doesn't have tech neck. He has no neck. But he's fine now. Hell yes. Companies are trying a new way to capture buyer's attention in the store.


It's packaging their products, how Packaging their products. I think I need a hint. You thought they were, you thought you were getting at M and mss. But surprise, it's paperclip Packaging their products in just the completely wrong packaging That Is right. What? And a trend called chaos packaging companies are putting perfume and cleaner spray bottles, gin and motor oil containers. And for when you accidentally drink motor oil thinking it's gin, just look for your first aid kit in a nearby soup. Can What? Like companies are doing this for the same consumers that are eating Tide pods in the correct packaging.


Isn't this called fraud? I would think so. But also, and this is true, there's an ice cream tub of tampons. Oh man. It's either brilliant marketing or Ben and Jerry's worst flavor ever. This is definitely somebody at the factory quiet, quitting, like quiet, quitting really hard and then just being like, ah, you know, just, just put one royal on. I Dunno. Does this work both ways? Can I take a can of peas to Nordstrom and say, I'm returning these designer shoes. I'd like my money back. Ooh, that's good.


Or I can take my ex and return him to his mom and be like, Hey, you lied to me on the outside. He was a good man, but on the inside he was trash. I want, I brought a receipt here, ma'am, take him back. Coming up, it's light to fill in the blank, but first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you like to play on air, call or leave a message at 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks, including next week for a fun Halloween show right here at the beautiful Studebaker Theater in Chicago.


We'll be back at the Fox Theater in Detroit on the 14th of November. You can also join us in New York City at Carnegie Hall in December. For tickets and info, go to npr presents.org. Also, check out this week's how to do everything. Ian and Mike help you optimize your Halloween candy and talk to the fawns himself about how to be a coup. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. How is everybody? My name is John Blankenship. And Where you from? My family and I live in Franklin, Tennessee. Just a few minutes south of Nashville. I have been through Franklin, Tennessee. It's very nice. And what do you do for a living? I work at a small marketing, digital marketing agency that my one of my best friends started a couple years ago.


I Don't know what that job does. Welcome to the show, John. I don't know what the job does half the time either. It's okay. We're in the same boat. All right. Bill Curtis is going to read you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on two limericks. Y'all a winner baby. Now here is your first Limerick on a rail car. Don't dress like a schlub hay. And don't stand in the cheap catered grubs way. Champagne corks will pop as they're calling out stops. 'cause our wedding is held on the Subway.


Yes, That's right. Good one. In nasty news, there's a growing trend where people are holding weddings and receptions on the subway. It's perfect if your only guests are break dancers, A mariachi band and a tall person coughing directly onto a short person's head. Is this in New York City? Yes, And according to New York Times, the end train is the most sought after wedding venue this year. And the wedding DJ is some guy watching YouTube without headphones. I wouldn't mind going on a morning commute and suddenly being like, yeah, I'll have some cake. Sure, yeah.


Have some, some champagne. So when the train stops, just random jump on the train and like, Hey look, we're at a wedding. Yeah, You can't hold up the It's Babylon every time you get on a train car. Anyway. All right, here is your next Limerick. My love for green foods began Oli, but I know that they're good for me luckily. And that sulfur to smell helps my body feel well. Now I'll really start eating more Broccoli. Hey. Hey Broccoli. Jonathan. The New York Times clearly had some extra time This week because after a thorough investigation, they're reporting that broccoli is healthy.


What I mean, of course it's, look at it. It's a tiny tree. So did they have like a guest editor This week that was just every mother from the 1970s Or some type of arm to table con job where somebody's like, they got this broccoli, you gotta push call my brother at the New York Times. Yeah, big cauliflower couldn't afford it Because it was too busy being pizza. All right, Jonathan, here's your last lime. This resort meal is scenic and cool, but I got my eggs wet like a fool. There's chlorine in my drink. Drop my fork now it sinks still.


I love breakfast. Served in the Pool. Hey, the fun new way for rich people to be ridiculous is to eat breakfast in the pool. The Washington Post reports this, that this is popular with influencers and other people trying to convince you to eat wet toast. Also with the Washington Post and the New York Times, having a competition for the dumbest article. Definitely a slow week on the news though. Bill, how did John do? John is a perfect player. Hey, Thank you John.


Hey, Thank you John for listening. Thank You so much. It was great to be on with you all. Thank You. Thank You. Thank You man. Have a good one. John. Thank You. On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin.


Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation. Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR Cell Phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products.


It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU. Now on to our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the Skulls? Anna and Helen each have three. Alonzo has two. Alright, Alonzo, you're in third place. Yes. So you're Up First. Fill in the blank. During her CNN town hall on Wednesday, Kamala Harris said she believes that Donald Trump is a wood. Wow. We just gonna leave that open like that. I think it was fascist.


Yes. This week states reported that over 28 million people had blanked Early. Voted Yes. This week the US announced that ceasefire talks with blank would resume Israel. Yes. On Tuesday, the International Monetary Fund said that global blank rates have continued to fall Interest Inflation rates. Oops. Is that the same thing? Last week? The BBC apologized after their weather app forecasted blank in London. Pennies from heaven. 13,000 mile per hour wind. That was my next guest. Absolutely. On Thursday, the New York Liberty was honored with a ticker tape parade after winning the blank championship.


WNBA. Hey, This week it was revealed that the big secret behind a German restaurant's bestselling pizza was that it came with the side of Pizza from Italy. I know this, but do you know this one? I know this one. Yeah. Yeah. Cocaine. So police said that anyone who ordered the number 30, you know, they thought it was weird. It would come with like breadsticks to drink and like, like a bag of cocaine. And weirdly enough, the same thing happened at that Chuck E. Cheese where the animatronic band was really into EDM. Phil had it. Alonzo do Four. Right? Eight more points. Total of 10 puts him in the lead.


Okay, Adam, you're up next. Phil in the blank. After an a coli outbreak linked to the restaurant, blank said its food is safe to eat. McDonald's. Right. On Thursday, the DA in Los Angeles announced plans to re-sentence the blank brothers, The Menendez. Right. This week the White House confirmed that North Korea was sending soldiers to aid blank's war against Ukraine, Russia, right? On Tuesday it was ruled that Rudy Giuliani must turn over his Manhattan apartment to the blank workers. He defamed Election election workers. Right Weeks after it was discovered that many zoo pandas were just dogs in disguise.


A shark at an aquarium in China was found to be a blank, A panda in disguise A robot. On Tuesday, LeBron James made history by playing in an NBA game with his blank son. Right? On Wednesday, a Polish radio station announced it had replaced all its journalists with blank Ai. Right? This week it was revealed that a team of hackers successfully overwrote robot vacuums around the country and forced them to blank Rise up against their human oppressors And forced them to chase their human professor's pets around the house.


The company that makes the vacuum said not only were the hackers able to remotely control the vacuums to chase pets around, but they were also able to talk through the built-in speakers. Which raises the question, why does a vacuum need speaker If, if No one's ever been like, man, I love my vacuum. I just wish it was louder. If my, if my Roomba's chasing my cat, can I call in sick in New York? Yes. Okay, good. Bill, how did Adam do? He got six rights. 12 more points and the total is 15 And the lead. Woo. Okay.


So Bill, how many does Helen need to win? Six to tie, seven to win. Helen, you ready for the game? I'm ready. Okay. Sis. On Wednesday striking airplane mechanics again rejected a contract offer from blank Boeing ha. Right. On Monday, aid workers warned of dire conditions for refugees trapped in blank Kaza. Right on Friday, president Biden formally apologized for the government's role in boarding schools that stripped blank of their culture and language. Native Americans right? For the first time, vice President Kamala Harris said she supported raising the blank to $15 an hour Federal minimum wage.


Right This week, footage revealed a sheriff in Georgia had called in three deputies for backup when he blanked, Clogged a toilet. When he got the wrong order at Burger King. This week, investigators confirmed that a newly open fire station in Germany burned down because the fire department forgot blank. Pay the water bill. They forgot fire alarms 'cause they were eating pizza with cocaine On it. Now the firefighters could have saved it. The problem is they're taught to go down the pole.


No one's ever taught him how to go back up. Bill, did Helen do well enough to win For right? Eight more points. Totaled of 11 means Adam Burke is the winner This week. Congratulations. Adam, you are this week's champine. Now coming up, our panelists predict after the three minute long hug, what will be the next surprising rule at the airport. But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Hair Care Productions, Doug Berman and benevolent overlord Phillip Goca writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman.


Our tour manager is Shana Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the student Baker Theater. DJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Dobos and Lily King. Special thanks to Blythe Robertson and Vim Buna and Monica Hickey. This week, Peter Gwynn goes by Jules Sequin. Emma Choi is our vibe Curator, technical director is by Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Ello and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel? What will be the next rule Act?


The airport. Alonzo voted The Don't you know who I am? People are not allowed to board the airplane because they don't know who they are. Helen Hall, If you get randomly selected for a patdown inspection, the TSA officer first has to have a staring contest with you for three minutes. And Adam Burke, If your plane is a Boeing, your boarding pass will have a handy last will and testament PLA printed on the back. Well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You Bill Curtis, thanks also to Adam Burke, Helen and Alonzo Boden.


And thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Dual SA Sloan and we'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit. So the card's purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X Business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X Business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash venture X business.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast every weekday. We bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world. We are already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR.