
This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney presenting Young Woman and the Sea, an incredible true story from producer Jerry Bruckheimer and starring Daisy Ridley now streaming on Disney Plus.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with one click go from editing drafts and hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R-L y.com/podcast.


Easier said done From NPR and WB E Z Chicago. this is Wait Wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the voice of your aunt's sexual awakening. I'm Bill Curtis and here's your host at the Studebaker Theater at the fine Arts building in Chicago Illinois. Filling in for Peter Segel. Karen Chee. Woo. Hi, I'm Karen Chee, and yes, I'm filling in for Peter Segel This week. We are basically the same person, but I'm stronger and meaner.


We've got a great show for you today, Later on Olympic Track and Field Star, Allison Felix will be joining us to play our game and make us feel bad about our mile times But. first, it's your turn, so give us a call at one triple eight Wait Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. And now let's welcome our first listener contestant. Hi, you're on Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Graham calling from Pittsburgh. Oh, hello Graham. Welcome to the show. What do you do in Pittsburgh? I'm An electrical engineer. No way. Oh, electrical engineer showing up strong.


Graham, I want you to know my late grandfather was an electrical engineer and he always used to describe me as very handsome. I'm really teeing you up to call me handsome, but that's okay. We'll move on. Graham, I wanna introduce you to our panel. First up, we have a comedian whose newest standup special vacation baby is streaming on YouTube. It's Hari Kondabolu! Hello Graham. Good day. And next we have a writer for the show, big Mouth and season seven of that show is now out on Netflix. Say hi to Shantira Jackson. Finally, a writer who's hit Substack is called Take another little piece of my heart.


It's Roy Blount Jr. Welcome to the show. Graham, you're going to play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is going to read you three quotes from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you choose on your voicemail. Are you ready? I am. Yeah. Your first quote is about the hot style trend that's swept the Republican National Convention This week. We're helping President Trump set a new fashion statement That was a woman explaining to the BBC why she and many others were wearing what on their ears Bandages.


That's correct. What a convention. After his assassination attempt, we saw a kinder gentler Donald Trump This week in his speech Thursday for instance, he said he could shoot a man in the ear on Fifth Avenue and get away with it. I'm having A great time. Yeah, it really was amazing seeing all the supporters wearing bandages over their ears in solidarity with Trump. And I think it's so nice that in solidarity with Biden, Democrats have been quitting their jobs.


I think that it's so funny that they are interested in healthcare all of a sudden. That's Crazy. Bandages, When did you get those? Obamacare? The big actual news out of the convention was of course Trump's vice presidential pick, Ohio Senator, JD Vance, he offers Americans a refreshing change because do you realize it's been more than three years since we've had a white man vice president. We've tried Everything else. This was truly a unifying pick from Donald Trump.


Somehow bringing together both the Proud Boys and the Klan. I Never thought I would laugh at the Klan. Have you been following the news about JD Vance at all? Yeah, I followed it and then I turned it off. People Talk about wanting politicians you could have a beer with, and I just wanna say JD Vance is a politician. I want to cover my beer around Budget To Donald Trump Jr.


He's a politician you can have a beard with. Oh my God, that's so funny. That one's for all the dads in the crowd. Graham, your next quote is from Indian billionaire Esh Amani who just spent $600 million on a big event. This is the last one of these we're doing, Umani was talking about an event he just paid for, which was the most expensive. What ever. Can I get a hint, please? Yes. He wrote the check with the words I do. Hmm. Wedding. Yes. The most expensive wedding in history took place last weekend.


The groom is Anant Amani, the son of India's richest man and the bride is Rodika merchant who loves him for who he is. Can we just address the fact I was not invited like I really did expect to go and I was very excited about it and I heard they had a a, a very nice porridge for dessert made of poor people. And If you spend $600 million on the wedding, don't ask me to get you Nothing. I'm not giving you Anything.


Yeah, it would Be weird if you like gave them a toaster So. You get four pieces in it though. Yeah. Yeah. It's, I wonder how, how you spend that much money on a wedding. I would love to find out. Anybody wanna give it to me and I'll try my Best? Well honestly, they, they had a lot of stuff like reports say it cost almost $600 million and it really showed Right? 2000 people were invited. There were countless parties and events leading up to the wedding and guests could choose between salmon, chicken or, and I'm quoting from the invitation here, the last polar bear.


Didn't Justin, I I read about this wedding. Justin Beaver performed, I believe Yes. The performances were by Justin Bieber, the Backstreet Boys, Katie Perry and Rihanna, which means even the richest man in India has not bought a single new record in the last 15 years. Do you, do you know who didn't perform there? It was, it was me. 'cause I wasn't, They Ran out of money, Man. They, they really can't get divorced. They really, that would, That cost twice as much. Alright, Graham, here's your last quote.


Tornado. People are battling down the hatches. That's a quote from Slate about the worry that what new movie will make amateurs try and chase tornadoes Twisters. That's correct. You got it. Got it. The blockbuster sequel to Twister Twisters. Even Twister is out now and Storm chasers are worried it'll lead to totally unqualified people chasing dangerous tornadoes for their part. The tornadoes say yum, yum, yum. Bringing them On. Have any of you, are any of you interested in seeing the movie or chasing tornadoes? I'm black. I'm not chasing no tornado.


That's wild. Listen though, the closest thing I would ever do to chasing a tornado is like trying to hang out with Helen Hunt. She seems cool, but like I'm not doing that. I, I could identify with running away from a tornado. That'd be just exciting. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. But you could run away from anywhere. You could be like on a different continent and run, Not run away. There's the difference between running and running away from a tornado. Yeah. I guess It's you're motivated. Nobody likes to run. I feel like this is one of the lessons we learned in school. Don't chase tornadoes, right?


Yes. Don't go chasing waterfalls. We stick to the rivers and the lakes that you're used to. Yes. Yeah. Have any of you been near a tornado? No, because the Indian contingent also would never do that. I, I have come along after one. So when trees were down all over the road and I was a busload of people, I had to get out and move the trees so we could drive up the road. That's So. you physically picked up and moved trees? I, I myself picked up most of them and then I picked up a couple of children so that they could pick them up.


Actually it could have been a movie. Yeah. Now that I think about it, I'm going to get back home and write that Great grant bill. How did Graham do? He got three of the rows so he wins. Graham Thank you so Much for playing Goodbye Thank. you Thank You. Right now panel time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Roy scientists have discovered that when a female bell frog doesn't like the mating song of a male frog, she will what?


She will Well there was a thing in the paper or online about cannibalism m frogs. She'll eat him. That's correct. Oh man, that's great. I'm So proud of her. I'm sure there are women in this room that have dated a musician that they just wanted to eat and get rid of. This discovery was made, and this is true. When a biologist was out doing research and suddenly heard a male frog screaming, the biologist ran to the scene and sure enough, a female was trying to eat the male frog's leg while pulling him into a hole.


And I just wanna say from personal experience, that sounds better than getting ghosted. Do we know for sure that she was trying to kill him? Because dragon bite from the leg. Some people might call that foreplay. Oh, We don't know those frogs lie. Yeah. And I'm realizing I don't know your life. Oh, this is why Kermit only dated pigs. Scientists say the males know this is a risk, but they still attempt their mating songs. So the corollary finding is frog sex must be mindful away.


Coming up, somebody's gonna pay tribute in our bluff the Listener game. Call 1 8 8 8 Wait Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait Wait. Don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Sierra Nevada Brewing Company where trailblazing runs in the family from crafting a movement with their iconic pale ale to taking the IPA haze craze nationwide with hazy little thing. It's an adventurous spirit you can taste in every sip. Find your next favorite beer. Wherever fine beverages are sold with new brews for every season, there's always something to discover. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, still family owned, operated, and argued over


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney presenting Young Woman and the Sea. This incredible true story from producer Jerry Bruckheimer. Stars Daisy Ridley as Trudy utterly who risked everything when she decided to swim the English Channel. The movie is streaming Friday on Disney plus.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intuit QuickBooks. Small business masterminds have one thing in common, making their money work harder with a business bank account from QuickBooks Money that now earns 5% annual percentage yield. Making your money work as hard as you do. That's how you business differently. Learn more at quickbooks.com/five. ppy banking services provided by green.bank member FDIC only funds in envelopes earn A-P-Y-A-P-Y can change at any time.


Hey, it's Peter Segel in our latest bonus episode. It's another edition of the Wait Wait Way back machine. That's the game where we ask a listener questions that appeared in our show 20 years ago. I think maybe I know it. Go ahead. I wanna say, oh, I got One right here. Exactly. You could be a contestant in a future bonus episode by signing up for Wait Wait Don't Tell Me. Plus now if you've already done it, Thank You so much. If you haven't though, now is your chance. You get bonus content, sponsor free listening, and you get to support the work of NPR. Just go to plus.npr.org From NPR and WBE Z Chicago.


this is Wait Wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Shanti Jackson Roy. Blount Jr and Harry Klu. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Illinois. Filling in for Peter Segel Karen, chief Thank You Thank You. And right now it's time for the Wait Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight Wait Wait to play our game on air. Or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr. Hello, you're on waitwait, don't tell me.


Hi, this is Jen from Silver Spring, Maryland. Wow. Hi Jen. Jen, what do you do in Silver Spring? I really wanna say something funny. Oh, but I Work at the tax Court in Washington DC which doesn't exactly lend itself to humor or fun at parties. Ben, that's actually really exciting though 'cause I, I got an extension on my taxes this year, but you probably already knew that. Oh, Good for you. Good job. Thank You, Thank You so much. It's so nice to have you with us. Jen, you're here to play our game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. So what's the topic Bill?


It's a tribute. Everybody loves a tribute, whether it's Elton John writing Candle in the Wind for Marilyn Monroe or Elton John, Half-Assing Candle In the Wind again for Princess Diana. Our panelists are going to tell you about another fitting tribute in the news. So pick the real one and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? I'm ready to play. Great. First up, we've got Hari Kondabolu Former German chancellor. Angela Merkel is the star of a new detective show, bored with retirement and unwilling to try pickleball. A fictionalized version of the Stateswoman spends her retirement baking cakes and solving heinous murders in the town she lives in.


It's like murder. She wrote Acceptance with Angela Merkel and is completely insane. According to the Financial Times, the fictionalized Merkel is joined on screen with a farting pig named Helmut, which I'm sure is funny for Germans. This is the second attempt at a TV show with a world leader as a star. After the late Italian Prime Minister Sylvia Bur show Sylvia sex party, which was exactly what you imagine it was. The Merkel show is a hit in Europe and is hitting the Italian market This week. As we all know, when Italy and Germany agree on something, there's no way they could possibly be wrong.


Thank You that That was a Flawless read. Thank You. So that was a TV show about Inspector Anglo Merkel from Hari Kondabolu. Your next story is of a celebrity being celebrated that comes from Shantira Jackson. Spicy cuisine is all the rage in Bangkok, which is why this month the Bangkok Art and Culture Center opened an exhibit to celebrate the hottest person in hot food, the inventor of flaming hot Cheetos. Richard Montz. The tour of the exhibit starts by letting people taste all of the variations Montz came up with before the final hot Cheetos recipe. But before you even taste one spicy morsel, you have to sign a waiver that dismisses the cultural center from any liability in case eating the hot Cheetos.


Results in permanent loss of taste, smell, eyesight, hearing or touch. Yes touch because that spicy red stuff can literally burn the fingerprints right off your hands. The new original Thai flavors include, oh wow buddy, that's hot. Hey, that burns like hell and the most infamous someone please call an ambulance. My husband is having a heart attack. Each flavor offers a rich experience for the flaming Hot pro and novice alike. The Richard Montanez Flaming Hot exhibit will be open until the end of summer 2024. Unless someone actually dies, then it will close immediately.


And that was new Flaming Hot Flavors from Shantira Jackson. Your last story is of a salute in the news and it comes from Roy Blount Jr. His name is Psy spelled PSY. And he sang and danced whoop whoop gang style. It looked a little like horseback riding and a little like being the horse generally a lot of bulled dancing around and it captivated the whole wide world. Whoop, whoop, whoop gang style it. It was the first billion selling music video and S has not done much ever since.


But This week s was honored by the in international k-Pop Institute as original God of crypto Asian moves. Whoop whoop Gangam style. Okay Jen, so you've got TV Detective Angela, Angela Merkel, new flaming hot Flavors and Gangnam style cryptocurrency. Which one of these three do you think is the real story? I'm gonna go with Ro. Si. So your choice is Roy's story about K-pop legends.


Si. To find out the correct answer, we spoke to a reporter who covered the real story. The Germans have come up with this comedy show, which features a fictionalized Angela Merkel solving all kinds of unsolved murders. Yeah, that, that was a tricky one Jen. That was a tricky one. Oh my god, you totally lost me at the pig. The voice you just heard, that was Guy Shaza, the Berlin Bureau chief for the Financial Times. Talking about Merkel, she wrote, Oh, I'm so sorry Jen, but Hari did have the real answer.


You did a win, but that's okay. You did earn a point for Roy Jen Thank You so much for playing with us. Thank You so much. Bye. And now it's time for the game we call not my job. With five Olympics and 11 Olympic medals to her name Allison Felix is one of the greatest track and field athletes of all time and she'll be back at the Olympics again this year. Not to compete but to launch the game's first ever nursery for athletes with children and hopefully that doesn't mean she has to watch them all herself.


Allison Felix, welcome to Wait Wait. Don't tell me Thanks. So you're headed to Paris tomorrow? I am, yeah. All packed up, ready to go. Wow. How are you preparing for a trip like that? It's really different this time because you know, usually I'm used to just, I just have to get myself ready but this time my entire family is coming. So a little bit more stressful on the packing front, but we're, we're getting there. You've been to the Olympics many times before and I wondered of all the ones that you've been to, which one was your favorite? Tokyo actually is sticks out to me because it was my last, it was kind of a full circle moment.


I, you know, it was my first as a mother and competing in shoes that my company made and overcoming a lot of adversity. So that one is, it's just super meaningful. Are there like stereotypes of Olympians by sport? Like I dunno, like you're like, ooh the gymnasts are always too cool but the swimmers are all nerds kind of a thing. There's Like a little bit of that, you know, I think it's like the sprinters are like flashy and you know, like that a little bit I guess. Yeah. And So you, if you think the sprinters are flashy, who, what other sport do you think would be besties with sprinters?


Ooh, I mean basketball, you know, I feel like we're really kind of in line or maybe that's just me like wishfully thinking. No, it makes Sense. Basketball is my first love, so I feel like in my head like we go hand in hand. Wait, I didn't realize basketball was your first love. I have questions about this because I read online that you found out you were good at track because you were trying to make new friends at a new high school, right? Yeah, That's right. I, I just went out for the team to meet people but I came out for basketball before that. Gotcha. And like very quickly it was clear that like that was not my gift.


So Everyone's like passing the ball but you're just sprinting up and down the court. Yep. Did you end up making a lot of friends from track and field in high school? I did it. That part was successful. I, I met my like best girlfriends to this day. They were all in my wedding. We see each other, we try to see each other every month. So yeah, I, that part worked out. That's amazing. So at what point in your life did you realize even if your basketball skills weren't the greatest, when did you realize that you had a superhuman talent for running? It happened pretty quickly. So I came up for the team in ninth grade and then the first year after I graduated I found myself in the Olympics.


So it was kind of ahoo Allison. That's so incredible. I love that so much. And I just wanna say for the record, I've never tried track and field so I'm gonna try and I'll be at the next Olympics. I'm sure I have a question which is, so I love watching the games on television from my couch and I always see athletes, but especially runners kind of like murmuring to themselves right before they start a race. Do you do that and what are you saying to yourself? I do. I definitely, I'm like talking to myself. I think some people are like hyping themselves up for me.


I am talk like, like technical thoughts. I'm like okay drive. 'cause you're talking about coming out of the blocks, keep your head down. I just like, like to give myself a few cues so that I can make sure like I'm locked in and those are the things I need to be thinking about. Wow. And then when you're actually running, are you also actively thinking or are you sort of letting muscle memory takeover At that point? I am. I have like cues at each point of the race. I'm thinking like what I need to be doing when I hit certain like markers. But sometimes if like your mind can wander to a place that's not good sometimes like in the 400, which is a race that I feel like is just way too long. I Agree. I agree!


Sometimes if I'm running that race I might get to like the a hundred meters and I'll be like, oh my gosh, I'm already tired still that's not good. Olympians are just like us. Yeah, We agree. We both think the 400 meters is too long. What is the dream distance for you? 200 meters? It's my favorite. I've always used to call it my baby but then like I had a baby and I was like, hmm, maybe Super fair. Is there anything that you were looking forward to doing in Paris? I'm really, I'm, I've always been obsessed with gymnastics and my daughter started doing gymnastics so I'm really excited to take her to watch Simone Biles.


Oh my god. Wait, does your, is your daughter also very athletic? I'm seeing glimpses of it, you know, I'm trying to keep her away from the track so I'm like do everything else, but when I told her that we were gonna go see Simone, she like had questions like, well am I gonna get to go out on the balance meeting Like Baby not quite yet. Those are really good questions though. I love that. She's so excited. I also feel like why not let her give it a try? I had a question which is because you run professionally when you have to run for stuff in your everyday life, like if you're late for the bus or something, are you kind of just like, ugh, now I'm doing work for free.


Sprinters are actually the slowest walkers ever. It's actual, so I don't know. Yeah, we don't like to go fast anywhere else but on the track. Wow, That's pretty good to know. Olypians just like us! Like us. That's fantastic. Alright Allison, we've asked you here to play a game. We're calling 200 meters. How about these meters? You've won many medals racing the 200 meter and the 400 meter, so we thought we'd ask you about the parking meter.


If you answer two out of three questions correctly about one of the last things you can use coins for, you will win a prize for one of our listeners, the voice of any one of us on their voicemail. Bill, who is Allison playing for? Brennan Schmidt of Concord, New Hampshire. Alright Allison, here's your first question. A man named Charles Misac has sold used books on a New York Street corner since the nineties and he found the parking meter there very convenient. In what way? A, he has sold over 1000025 cent postcards to people who needed change for the meter.


B, he stored his books in the car, which he kept in the same parking spot for 11 years, feeding the meter every day. Or C, he protected his crate of valuable rare books by locking it to the meter with a bike lock. Ah, Let's go with A With Oh, would you wanna guess again? B? Yes, correct. That is correct. He parked in the same space for 11 years, only moving the car for street cleanings. I guess finally, someone else zipped in there real fast.


Alright, Allison, here's your next question. In the state of Florida, parking meters aren't just for cars. You are also required by law to feed the meter when A, when you tie an alligator to the parking meter, B, when you are drinking rum on the sidewalk, or C, when you're saving good seats for the 4th of July parade CI mean that's clever. Oh, we'll give you, we're gonna give you a, we're gonna give you a second try. I wish I could do this in the Olympics, don't even remember a Yes, That's correct.


A is correct. So if you see an alligator on the sidewalk park there, the meter is already paid. Here is your last question. A New York parking enforcement officer was sent to jail after he embezzled over $90,000 in quarters that he collected from meters over the course of five years. How was he finally caught? A, he got a hole in his pocket and police followed a trail of coins to his house. B, he was overheard on his collection route saying, one for you, A one for me, or C. The bank in town called the police and said, Hey, this guy in a parking enforcement uniform keeps depositing huge piles of quarters into his bank account.


I'm gonna do C. Yes, that's Correct. What Was he supposed to do? Go back to the office with all those quarters in his pockets. No, you walk right into the back in uniform and deposit them. Bill, how did Allison do on our quiz? He broke the tape and won all three races. Oh, Alison Felix is one of the greatest sprinters of all time. A multiple world and Olympic champion. Alison Thank You. Truly so much for joining us on Wait Wait. Don't tell me in just a minute why some jeans are feeling blue.


It's our listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight Wait Wait to join us on air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait Wait. Don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Viking committed to exploring the world in comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment onboard and on shore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


This message comes from NPR sponsor SimpliSafe. To protect your loved ones, you need a home security system you can trust. SimpliSafe combines cutting edge technology with a customer first approach for award-winning protection. SimpliSafe earns your trust every day by keeping you safe and satisfied, but never locked into a contract. Get 20% off your SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring@simplisafe.com slash wait. That's simplisafe.com/wait. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions. So, you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Roy, Blount Jr, Hari Klu and Ti Jackson. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Illinois, filling in for Peter Segel, Karen Cheek, Thank You Bill in just a minute. It's a winner. Take all contest of human versus Limerick. If you'd like to play, give us a call at one triple eight Wait Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. But right now panel, some more questions for you from the week's news.


Roy, season 21 of the Bachelorette premiered This week where one lucky woman gets to date multiple men in a glamorous fantasy and this season viewers noticed the mansion had a brand new feature. What? Well, let's see. I I, I don't think there's any way in the world I can profit from this question either. Here's a hint. Thirst traps aren't the only traps they've had to set this season. Mouse mousetraps, I'll give it to you. Yeah, it's a rat infestation. Oh. Oh man. I saw a video of a bunch of rats running. I don't watch The Bachelorette but I did see a bunch of a video of a bunch of rats running around and I thought, I Don't watch The Bachelorette either.


I don't want anybody to get mad if I like get people's names wrong or Anything. No, it's true because during, you're right, what you saw was during a scene where the Bachelorette was talking to a contestant, Sam M, not to be confused with this is true Sam N when viewers noticed two rats running across the background and rodent boy summer just got too real. I said that would make these shows better. Like if you lock them in the house and then you just put a bunch of rats in there and you don't tell them and it's actually a rat reality show and they think it's just one of these, oh it's another bachelor show. And then they realize it has nothing to do with that.


Some of them get eliminated, meaning the rats eat them And then the rats get a big bowl of flowers. Correct. The winning wrap, That sounds like a great show. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds like it'd be called The Bachelor Rat. Bachelor Rat That that was an AlleyOOP. Well Done. I'm going to get you a shoe deal for that. Woo. Alright. Chanti psychologists agree it is very common to be upset by a loved one's behavior even if their betrayal happened where? When they were being mean To you.


Where were they mean to you At the grocery store? Okay, here's a hint. You wake up and immediately your partner is like, how dare you. Oh, in your dream. That's correct. Whoa, I, I got that because I know a lot of lesbian and the women and the women are always like, I'm mad at you because of what happened in the clouds in my dream. It's true. More and more people are admitting to getting mad at their partners and friends for things they did in dreams. It's honestly a double whammy. First you have to sit through your friend telling you about their dream and now they're mad at you about it.


Give me a break. I think that that is fair. 'cause sometimes like people do stuff in your dream. I don't know. I feel like especially women for sure, I can't speak for men and I don't want to, but I do think that a lot of women have like that's women's intuition and it is like you find out a lot of things in your dreams and I'm also southern, so maybe that's just like something my granny told me I used to want to speak for men but not anymore.


Coming up, it's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first, it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight Wait Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago or on the road in Minneapolis, August 29th and 30th. Plus check out the Wait Wait standup tour coming in September to Fort Lauderdale, Tampa, Orlando, and Atlanta. Tickets and info for those shows@nprpresents.org. And if that's not enough, you Sicko. You can also see our weird unsupervised game show waitwait land at Caveat NYC in New York City on July 26th.


Hi, you're on waitwait, don't tell me. Hey, this is Kristen Cole from Uniontown, Ohio. Kristen, Hello. Union Strong. Sure. Kristen, what do you do in Union Town? Well, when I'm at home I like to garden and be with my family. Oh. And I work at a large state university as a director of admissions. Wow. Oh my gosh, that's so exciting. You Get to Oh, very, very exciting. Congratulations on your exciting life. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome To the show.


Kristen. Bill Curtis is going Thank You. Yeah. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on two limericks, you're gonna be a winner. So here's your first limerick. At Levi's, we do have the means to run some pants making machines and it's high denim season. So what is the reason we can't seem to sell any Jeans? Yes, correct. Thank You Trend forecasters have dubbed 2024 the year of denim and reports say the only fashion company not able to capitalize on it is somehow Levi's.


How much does it suck to only make denim and have everyone say we want denim but not your denim. What do they have against Levi's denim. Yeah, that's a good, I'm wearing some right now. Oh And listeners. Roy looks so good, right? It's true though. I kind of feel bad for the Levi's vice president who heard denim was coming in style and ordered like way too many butterflies. Nobody likes those. No. And I have to pee right now. Here's your next limerick. My wedding's a viral affair. Vows are said, I'll go change over there.


I am switching my dresses and also my tresses between acts. I'll be cutting by Hair. Correct. Good. This week. We learned about a trend where between the ceremony and the reception brides get a dramatic haircut. It's perfect because as every woman knows, nothing says I feel good about how my life is going. Like a big impulsive hair change. I think that that's so funny because I know a lot of women who have like grown their hair out for the their weddings, but I think it would be so fun if just like men just started shaving right before They came Out.


It's like the mustache was for the wedding and now I'm ready to be clean shaven. People are gonna be like, I don't Like your face. You tricked me. You can spend $600 million on a way and then shave off your mustache and you gotta start all Way. Terrible thing. Alright, here is your last limerick. My Amp hold. Posterior charms cause grief for most airport shunned arms. Their full body scan gets stuck on my can 'cause my booty is cause for Alarm.


Yes Alarm. It is According to one TSA agent, you are decidedly more likely to set off an alarm while going through airport security if you have a big, but it could be a software glitch or it could be that a false alarm is a computer's version of pulling down a sunglasses and going, damn. That's so fun. I, I mean like I wish I could get stopped. It's the only time that I've ever been like, damn. TSA please pull me over. But I don't have it. I don't have the goods. I Don't have a BBL.


Well maybe the PBL. You don't know what that stands for? No. Oh, I don't either. What? Do you know what that stands for? Thank. You. Oh, Brazilian butt lift. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. I asked because I I was too busy like reading books. Sorry. I'm sorry about that. Hey, did George Saunders mention that in a recent Listen, big Booty people read books. That feels like something we should put on a tote bag for NVR. Alright Bill, how did Kristen do? Kristen Gets to stay at Hur University because she got on.


All right. Yay. Kristen, Congratulations. Thank you.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University with their game changing flex path learning format. Capella empowers you to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath lets you set your own deadlines and adjust them. If something comes up and depending on your schedule, you can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. When you're ready, imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu,


This episode sponsor is Carvana, which offers the following message. Whether you're looking to sell your car in a hurry or thinking about parting ways with your trusty ride, Carvana is the convenient way to sell your car. Go to Carvana dot com to get an offer for your vehicle in seconds.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Quince, even on a budget you still deserve. Nice things scoop up timeless high quality goods for 50 to 80% less than similar brands with Quince. Go to Quince dot com slash style for free shipping and 365 day returns.


Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? I can. Roy and R each have three and Shantara has two. Ooh, Shantara, you're in third place so we're gonna put you up first. Okay. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Tuesday, the jury in the corruption trial of Senator Blank found him guilty on 16 accounts. Is it Menendez? Yes, correct. This week, California became the first state to ban rules requiring schools to notify parents if their child's blank changes pronouns.


Right. On Monday, severe storms led to blanks touching down throughout the Midwest. Tornadoes. Right This week. For the first time in the tournament's, history writers in the Tour de France were caught blanking. During the race eating Snickers bars. Oh, I'm gonna give it to you. Passing around a bag of peanut m & ms. This week. This week. Former CNN Conservative commentator blank died at 78, Not the one I wanted. Dobs, Right? Yeah. On Wednesday the FDA warned consumers about potentially contaminated bottles of ink used for blank Pins.


Oh, tattoos. This week. A flight attendant went above and beyond when she had to blank for an entire flight. Listen to a lady talk about her grandchildren. That sounds worse than the actual answer, which is hold a broken bathroom door closed three minutes into a 16 hour flight. Ah, from Hong Kong to New York City. One of the bathroom doors came off a tinges and fully fell off and she had to hold it in place the rest of the way. Oh, surprising. There isn't a door reattachment training with how common it is for those things to fall off this days. Bill How did Shantira do? Shantira did well, five, right? 10 more points.


Total of 12. Alright, Roy and Harri, you're tied. So I'll pick Roy, you're up next. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, the FBI expressed concern over retaliatory attacks following the assassination attempt on blank On Donald Trump. Right. This week, NASA confirmed that a blank passed over New York City, A cloud of depression. Oh, A meteor. Oh. After 34 years in operation, the iconic Mirage Hotel in blank closed down Vegas. Right. On Tuesday a judge ruled that Minnesota can't bar adults under the age of 21 from carrying blanks guns.


Right. Even though England lost the European soccer championship to Spain and English fan says he doesn't regret blanking before the game Betting his house. Ooh. Kind of similar. He says he doesn't regret getting a tattoo that says England Euro 2024 winner on Thursday, comedy legend and sitcom star blank died at the age of 94. Bob Newhart. Right? This week Animal shelter in New York said that over 400 people have applied to adopt blank puppies. Ooh. A parrot who swears a lot. When the animal shelter was given the swearing parrot, they made a Facebook post asking if anyone wanted to adopt it and were shocked when over 400 people did.


400 people said, Bill, how did Roy do? Roy got four. Right? For eight more points. Total of 11. But Roy still trailed Shantara. Who has 12? And Bill, how many does Hari need to win? Wow. Five to win. Hari. Alright, Hari, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Monday, judge Aileen Cannon dismissed Donald Trump's blank case The documents case, Right? According to sources, president Biden is seriously considering endorsing changes to the blank. The Supreme Court. Right? This week, the White House announced another round of blank debt forgiveness Student loan. Right? On Tuesday, Tesla's CEO blank said he was moving his companies out of California.


Elon Musk, Right? This week South Korea announced it was cracking down on anyone attempting to bring blank into the country. North Korean candy. The answer is Trader Joe's everything but the bagel seasoning. That's Amazing. On Monday, five cases of blank flu were confirmed in Colorado. Avian flu, Correct. On Wednesday with 25 total nominations, Shogun led the nominees for the 2024 blank awards, Emmys, Right in order to help protect trees from excessive logging. Some environmentalists in Kenya have started blanking, Putting spikes all over the trees covered in poison. Oh, Similar, it's filling the trees with bees.


How looted tunes did this In Kenya, mangrove trees have been over forested, putting the ecosystem at risk. But now a group of environmentalists finally found a solution that works just hide beehives in all of the trees. Bill did hurry. Do well enough to win very Well. Six right? 12 more points. 15 gives him the whale. In just a minute, we'll ask our panelists to predict after the world's most expensive wedding, what will be the next event? Somebody spends $600 million on But. first, let me tell you that Wait Wait don't tell me is a production of NPR and WBE.


Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Gogo writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Student Maker Theater, BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles dorm boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey and Blythe Robertson. Peter Gwen is our food critic. Emma Choy is our vibe. Curator, technical direction. Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Ello and the executive producer of Wait Wait don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel?


What will be the next $600 million event, Roy? The divorce proceedings, Tiara, A billionaire going somewhere they're not supposed to. They've already been the space in into the ocean. Next is the center of the earth. Oh wow. And Hari. Bill Gates says, Melinda, please come back. Party. Well, if any of that happens panel, we'll ask you about it on Wait Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Bill Curtis. And thanks also to Roy, Blount Jr, Cierra Jackson and Hari Kondabolu. And thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Kirin Chi in for Peter Segel and we will see you next week.


This is NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Whole Foods Market. Shop Whole Foods Market during sweet summer days and save through July 30th on best of season. Organic strawberries, organic blueberries, fruit snacks, frozen treats, and more only at Whole Foods Market.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, ShipBob Power, your warehouse with ship Bob's warehouse management system to improve order fulfillment, efficiency, ship orders faster, and reduce operating costs all through one WM S platform. Go to shipbob.com for a free quote.