
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I don't carry a big stick because I don't speak softly. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Stude Maker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You all so much. Thank You. I'm just as excited because We have a great show for you today. Later on, we're going to be talking to Jay Pharoah, the impressionist and SNL veteran, who now hosts the game show the quiz with balls.


That is what it is called. And on this show, if a contestant gives a wrong answer, they are knocked into a swimming pool by an enormous ball. This is a great idea, punishing people for wrong answers, but we have something even more terrifying. Welcome to the Quiz with Bills. He's right behind you. Nothing will happen to you if you get our questions wrong because you'll be on the phone. The number to call is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Liz calling from Melbourne, Pennsylvania.


Hey, how are you? How are things in Melbourne? They're pretty good. Starting to enjoy the start of fall. Can't wait for all the political ads to end. Oh, I'm sure. Yeah. So you've got the, you've got this wing state blues, I'm sure. Do the, do the ads actually, when you turn off the TV and try to leave, do the ads follow you outta the house? Yes, I do get about two postcards a day from the campaign. Oh, really? Well welcome to the show, Liz. Let me introduce you to our fabulous panel This week. First up, it's the comedian and host of the podcast Fake the Nation. You can see her in Redding, Pennsylvania. And the Muslims are coming standup show on October 18th. It's Negin Farsad.


Hello. Next up, it's a correspondent for real citizen kate.com and a comedian who will be appearing at the venue in Janesville, Wisconsin. October 26th. It's Adam Burke. And finally, one of our founding panelists, a future reporter for this style section of the Washington Post. It's Roxanne Roberts. Hello. Hello. So Liz, welcome to our show. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis, of course, is going to perform for you three quotations from the week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose from our show in your voicemail.


Are you ready to go? Absolutely. Alright. Here is your first quote. There will be no third debate. So after Tuesday night's events, who apparently is done with debates, That would be Donald Trump, It would be former President Trump. After we had the debate between Trump and Biden in the spring, the first, and apparently now last debate between Trump and Kamala Harris took place on Tuesday. It broke records for viewership. It's all anybody wanted to talk about all, all week making This week a perfect time to announce your illegitimate child. If you have one Now, Trump hemmed and haw, but he did finally say on Thursday that he will not have a third debate because he says he did so great in the second one and he doesn't want to ruin it.


That's what he said. Also, also, come on, given his experience better safe than sorry. Having a third is how he ended up with Eric. I, so my, my parents are visiting me and so we watched it together. So I was with my immigrant parents, we were just nibbling on some one else's dog. And Is that, Is that with the mustard or ketchup? Oh, it, it was with a reduced balsamic actually. Okay. We quite elegant on, they've been immigrants here for a while stealing pets. So they know I, my favorite thing about the debate Yeah.


Was her face. I've taken acting classes and she was doing the most subtle, the most interesting like faces. The communicant. She didn't need to speak her face. Literally said everything. Well it said, you are an idiot. You're not fit. I'm so much smarter than you. What are we even doing here? Dogs, why are we talking about dogs? And her face said so many things. It was incredible acting. You're absolutely right. I mean, it was so amazingly expressive that, you know, that those facial expressions must have been part of her prep. Right. She must have practiced and after the debate, she was so tired. Her doctor has put her on complete face rest. She's, She's on track to our nation's most memeable president.


She really is. Yeah. Yeah. She's dying to be captioned. And of course, as you mentioned, nain to the pantheon of great presidential debate lines. Like, there you go again. And you know, John Kennedy, we have to add Trump's. They're eating the pets. It it, it's, it did make history. It's the first racist dog whistle actually about dogs. Alright, Liz here, believe it or not, other things happened This week. And Liz, your next quote is from someone making history and space. Woo. Smell that space. That was a tech billionaire as he became the first ever private citizen.


To do what? In space? Oh, to do the space walk. Yes. To take a space walk. The first private citizen space walk was successfully conducted on Thursday, although was les frankly, of a space walk and more of a space clutching the side of a spaceship and terror. I'm surprised Trump didn't work it into the debate. You know what I mean? We've got immigrants coming in and we've got billionaires leaving the planet. So the, Do you know how expensive that will be for me to call all my friends when they're on Jupiter? The SpaceX rocket was rented by tech billionaire, Jared Isaac man, who was also the co commander. That means he paid an extra million for a cool patch.


He's done it before. He's a frequent customer of SpaceX. He got an upgrade this time. It was nice. He got the luxury ship. Yeah, I mean, I guess my whole feeling about these space missions in and we're like covering them like new ground is being broken. Is it? Didn't we do this like in the sixties? Yeah. So then what are we even talking about? Well, it's, I mean we have made some advances, and this is serious. You may remember, if you think about spacesuits, NASA, spacesuits, huge bulky things. These are cool modern SpaceX spacesuits. They're sleek, they're form fitting. They are absolutely the most attractive and fashionable outfits ever made that you can poop in.


Do, If you could go to Space, would you do it? No, I have ze also. I just have zero interest. It just feel I don't need to like accidentally die. What? I can see the video. I mean, You know, you know why I wouldn't go to space? 'cause it's full of frigging billionaires. That's all of you else is up there. What would you even talk about? So what's important about this, this achievement, and they did go higher than anybody has since the Apollo missions is, it's a first step toward normalizing commercial space travel for ordinary citizens. We are about a decade away from kids having their birthday parties in orbit, and then a few more years after that from kids complaining that orbital birthday parties are boring Also.


Man, you thought destination weddings were expensive Now. Exactly. Your last quote, Liz, is a question posed in the Washington Post about a new feature on the Apple iPhones announced This week. How much leeway will we get with Eggplant? This new feature will allow anyone with one of these iPhones to create their own, what is it? Emojis. It is emojis. This week at their big conference, apple debuted these newest iPhones and they come equipped with ai, apple intelligence, and among many other things, it will allow you to generate your own emojis, whatever you want, just by describing what you want to the phone.


Now it's kind of a deal with the devil because on the one hand, we all know artificial intelligence, huge energy demands accelerates climate change. But in the other hand, you can make an emoji of a frog and a pogo stick. Here's the thing, I don't understand emojis now, like even with the pre-programed ones, I don't know what people are talking about. I don't need people, everyone have their own language all sudden, like custom some emojis, right? Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. That you have to like decipher. Yeah, You, you can also, this is very cool. You can combine emojis. If you have a complex feeling you wanna get across, you can ask for a cowboy and a monkey, you'll get a monkey cowboy. So you, you can combine an eggplant and a peach and it'll give you a baby.


So You can like, you can like island of Dr. Murrow the emoji. Exactly. That's exactly What you, and that's like a major benefit, right? Yes. Of this new iPhone Bill. How did Liz do in our quiz? Smart Liz started us off with a perfect score. Thank You. Well Done Liz. Thank You so much. Yeah, good job. Thank You. Take care. Bye-bye. Right now, panel time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Adam Vladimir Putin has long railed against Disney saying Western cultures terrible and that their cartoons are far inferior to Russian ones. So it must make him furious. He has said that. So it must make him furious that the son of what prominent Russian is reportedly a Disney super fan.


I didn't, I didn't know that he allowed there to be other prominent Russians. That may be a clue. Is it his own son? It Is indeed the son of Vladimir Putin. Putin. Putin has two young sons with his mistress hold for Awe. And one of them is reportedly incredibly into Disney, even insisting on dressing up like Disney characters. Of course, because he is a Putin. His costume is actually made from 101 dalmatians. These two sons are not often seen in public. They live with their mother, Putin's mistress out somewhere outside of Moscow.


One of the boys is starting third grade and the one who's really into Disney is just about to go into kinder. Gulag Putin has said that he prefers Russian cartoons. You know, they're very good. Like for example, Tom and the adoring populists who all love Tom. And where in Siberia is the dissident Carmen San Diego coming up, our panelists take a snack break on our bluff listener game. Call 1, 8 8, Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns to Night follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna, and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water That's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR,


Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast


From. NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Roxanne Roberts, Negin Farsad, and Adam Burke. And here we get as your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thank You so much. Right now, Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't let me bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air. Or you can always check out the pinned post on our Instagram page. That's at Wait, Wait. Npr, how you on? Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hello Peter. This is Emily calling in from Houston, Texas. Hey, how are things in Houston?


You know, they have been pretty nice the past week, but in this late summer, but I think they're about to get warmer again. Really? I mean, because Houston, when it gets warm, it gets warm, Emily. Well, A lovely healthy glow. It Does, Yes. Emily, it's great to have you with us. You're gonna play the game in which you tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Emily's topic? I didn't know my Doritos could do this. Doritos can do a lot of things otherwise they would call them don't Doritos. This week we heard about Doritos breaking really new ground. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the one that's telling the truth. You'll win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail are ready to go.


Yes. Thank You. Alright, first, let's hear from Adam Burke. While it seems counterintuitive that Doritos, a food that stains every piece of clothing you own, could make anything disappear. Researchers at Stanford University experimenting with the chip's signature yellow number five, die have discovered just that they began rubbing a tartrazine solution on the stomachs of laboratory mice, which surprisingly isn't illegal. And and notice that these body parts became transparent. The chemical process alters how light refracts on living cells and may have wide ranging surgical applications beyond just being a tasty snack in the or between incisions.


Researchers wish to stress human trials are a way off and remind potential volunteers. They involve Doritos on the outside of your stomach. A Specific Chemical found on all Doritos can make mice transparent. Your next story about a hidden feature of Doritos comes from Roxanne Roberts. When influencer Tyler Kala agreed to foster a tiny orange kitten, he named it Dorito Dory for short. After his favorite snack food, Kala made an adorable TikTok of the kitten playing with a pile of chips, which is when Kala realized that Dory was obsessed and demanded the treats whenever he opened a bag.


The downside smelly little kitty farts and smellier kitty poops, which were small but mighty. It became a running joke with Kala's 260,000 followers Until the day Dory farted and Cala lit a pile of Doritos in an incest burner to mask the odor. Then he tried burning the chips next to Dory's litter box and it eliminated what he says is quote, 90% of crappy cat smells. Kala is now selling custom incense burners and a dory candle on sc, where 10% of the prophets go to his local animal rescue.


Best of all, call a permanently adopted dory. Last month, a a milestone celebrated. Where else on TikTok Burning Doritos is perfect for masking the smell of a litter box. Your last story of something cool you can do with a cool ranch comes from Negin. Farsad Doritos are known for their bright orange hue inspired by fall foliage and or hazmat suits. And it's also known for its flavor filled dust. The dust is so sticky that after eating a bag of Doritos, it's customary to lick your bright orange fingers. It's also customary to dip into a short depression about your life choices because why did you just eat a full bag of Doritos?


But the adhesive qualities of Dorito dust caught the attention of scientists at the Center for Forensic Science in Chicago. To date, dusting for fingerprints involved a boring non tortilla chip based dust. But these scientists found that Dorito dust was five times more effective in revealing fingerprints. They are now beta testing a program in the Riverdale neighborhood of Chicago using the orange dust on forensic cases. So far, the dust has rendered 20% more fingerprints than the average with the added bonus of making each crime scene smell like a Super Bowl party. Detective Gerald Guardino said of the program, we are definitely finding more fingerprints than we used to.


I just have to remember not to lick my fingers after working a crime scene. Alright, so let's say Emily, you have to have a bag of Doritos. Instead of eating them, you could do, which of these from Adam Burke extract a chemical from its food coloring and make mice transparent from Roxanne Roberts. Burn it in an incense holder and completely mask the smell of the stinkiest Kaler box. Or from Negin Farsad. Use it as a much improved fingerprint dust in crime scene investigations. Which of these is the real new use for Doritos?


Well, I love Doritos as much as the next person, but I have got to think that there are some very questionable chemicals in that dust that could very well turn a mouse translucent. So I'm going to go with Adam's story. Alright, you've chosen Adam's story of the chemical found in every Dorito that if extracted and rubbed on mice can make them transparent. And for the correct answer, we spoke to a reporter who's been on top of the real story. Researchers took a common food dye, A lot of people might identify it with radars. And within a few minutes, the skin of the mice transformed. That is amazing.


It was also Carolyn Johnson, a science reporter at the Washington Post, talking about the transparent mice made that way by the magic of Doritos. Congratulations, Emily. You got it right. You earned a point for Adam and you've won our prize. The voice of your choice on your voicemail. Well done. Yay. And now the game where we ask people about things they know nothing about. It's called Not My Job.


Comedian Jay Pharoah became instantly known during his years on the cast of Saturday Night Live as a brilliant impressionist from Kevin Hart to Barack Obama. But now he's appearing in the role of himself as the host of a game show on Fox and Hulu, the quiz with Balls. Jay Pharoah, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. So first of all, I should say welcome to the pinnacle of human achievement, the game show host. It's not as, it is not as easy as it looks, is it? No, no, no. It's, It's not as easy as it looks. And you definitely just have to be able to improv and be able to just think on the fly.


I never knew that somebody was gonna introduce me and say the quiz with balls after my name. That never, I never thought That wasn't something you dreamed of as a child dreaming of showbiz. Not, not something that I, that's something I thought was gonna happen. It just baffles me and, and drives my mind to total insanity when I'm in a restaurant enjoying my food. And a family will come up to me and say, release the ball. So I'm like, On the show. And in your own comedy, you are known for these astounding impressions. Is is there one, like in your entire roster of people you can do that you're most proud of? The one that I would say that nobody, I'm the originator of it.


Yeah. And nobody had done it like me was Will Smith. And, and that one is just, that's just one that's you. You know, like, you know, that's the one that you know, everybody, you know, pretty much like loves because it, it's not the kind of impression that's like, just found, you know, it's not like a, it's not like a hot pocket. It was more like Tenderloin. That was, and I'll say That was a little eerie what that was. I'll say, I've seen Jay also does a fantastic Chris Rock.


So I mean, I mean, imagine at some point you ended up slapping yourself. No, no. Oh, Jesus. But having those two, when that, when that, when that situation happened, I said, oh man, God loves me. I'll tell you, You're, You're gonna have work for a year. You're gonna, you can do the scene, you know? Oh man, it was so funny when I was in here in reenacting the scene by myself because alright, all right, You, you, you, you gotta let us hear it, right?


If you've practiced it, Okay. Everybody's asking me, man, how do you feel, man? How do I feel? I got smacked by the soft man in Hollywood. Okay. Not freaking good. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's, And you know what, I gotta say this like, you know, I really do apologize, You know, to Everybody in America and everybody ubiquitously around the world. What I should have done instead of smacking Chris Rock, was I should have waited for the commercial break and got away with the whole situation.


Well, I, this might be fun. 'cause who knows, you can do this as a group. Jay Pharoah, we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling, You can keep your balls. So as we have established, you host the game, show the quiz with balls. So we thought we'd ask you about games that don't require any balls at all. Answer two or three questions, right? And you will win our prize for one of our listeners, bill, who is Jay Pharoah playing for Shane Brown of Portland, Oregon. Alright, here is your first question. There's lots of games you can play with a Frisbee instead of a ball, but not all Frisbees are alike. You could find yourself catching which of these, A, the combat Frisbee lined with razors along the edge.


B, Frisbee for dummies, which has an iron coating and comes with gloves lined with magnets. Or CA disc molded out of the ashes of Ed Hedrick, one of the inventors of the Frisbee. Well, I, I, I hope it's not the third one. I, I don't know. I, I don't know. Kev, what are you, Kev, do you have anything on this? Listen, I would say, Listen, people swear to God say this, Hey, this, right now I believe that the answer is B that's what I think it is. I, because a lot of people, a lot of people are dumb, and a lot of people need to get a disc thrown at the face because maybe it will correct something.


Swear to God. Oh, So are you gonna, you're gonna trust Kevin Hart on this. James, is that what you're gonna, I I gotta trust Kev. I, I, I, I think I, I think he knows He lets you down. It was c it's actually, oh, It Was C The guy who invented totally as part of his will. One of the guys who invented the Frisbee, he asked to be cremated, and then he had his ashes mixed in to plastic to make Frisbees That were sold for Charity and they're out there in the world. That be, this is not something that will be thrown around in a black household, not messing with it.


Okay? No, you take it down from the wall and you go, ed, you wanna play And the Frisbee doesn't complain. You go, all right, here's, you still have two more chances. Alright, here's your next question, cornhole. That's the game popular here in the Midwest where you try to toss beanbags through a hole in a board. We all know this game, right? We've been to been to, you know, tailgates, right? It's very popular here in America. But there are international variants such as which of these, one of these is real, a the game of Tejo in Columbia where players throw their bags at exploding targets filled with gunpowder. B Tramp hole in Australia, where you bounce off a mini trampoline and try to throw yourself through the hole, or see crick hole in England where the other player can defend the goal with a cricket bat.


God, you know, what would Jay-Z help out with this one? I don't, there something that Jay-Z says a lot. That might be the Answer. Yeah, Basically, You know, now I'm pretty stumped, but after, after thinking about that comparatively to the other answers, I would probably say, I'll say a Jay-Z is correct. That is right. And it's Absolutely true. Imagine, imagine cornhole. But if you hit the target, a an explosive charge goes off, boom. It is the second most popular sport in Columbia after soccer.


You know, you know what's real, you know, with all the co arena that I used to deal with back in the day. Yeah, yeah. My intuition spoke for me. That was the hustler, homie. I, it's really weird. Alright, last question. Get this right, whoever you are, and you win it all. Some everybody loves to play darts, right? But it's not as easy as it looks. What is a proven way to improve your darts game? A just closing your eyes and throwing randomly toward the target.


B spinning around four times and then throwing it like a discus toss. Or c just getting a little drunk. Now let me, before I answer this question, I'm Just gonna say, There was a lot of fallacy that's been spoken a lot of things. Oh, Lord, I'm going to go with B.


I'm, I, I, I, I'm, I'm gonna come up to you with tears in my eyes and say, sir, are you sure You shouldn't be crying? Come on. This is a festive time, but just answering questions. That's all. So I would say that's my final answer. BI have to say it Like I do. I've, I've, for some reason, I've never said this with more pleasure, but you're wrong. I'm having, I'm having a lot of emotions here, Jay.


The answer is actually C. Getting drunk. Studies have proved that just a little alcohol improves your dart game. That's why they play it in bars. But, but technically Jay didn't Get any of them Wrong. He did. Jay, you, yes, you, you, you, you walk out here with a clean record bill. How did the Jay and his friends doing our quiz? You know, he's a winner and you're gonna leave a winner. Absolutely. You not afraid. Not your fault. So Jay Pharoah, as you now all know, is an amazing impressionist. He's also the host of Fox's the Quiz with Balls. His new comedy special Jared Premieres on YouTube, September 22nd, Jay Pharoah.


That was surreal and absolutely a blast. Thank You so much for regarding us. In just a minute, bill puts on his dancing shoes. For our listener Limerick challenge, call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NP When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline.


We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast, On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet.


I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean, I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Adam Burke, Negin, Farsad and Rocks and Roberts. Then here, your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. In just a minute.


Bill insists it was a victimless rhyme in our listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Nain, do you care about the environment? But you're too lazy to do anything about it? Great news. NPR reports that you can lower your carbon footprint by doing what? Oh, holding in your farts. I'll give you a, I'll give you a hint. It's a seamless solution to the problem of climate change. My feeling about that hint is that ordering food off of Seamless.


Yes. What I know it's a little surprising, but NPR investigated whether either food delivery services like Seamless or DoorDash or, you know, those meal kits that are sent to your home are worse for the environment than cooking for yourself. And they found much to everybody surprised it's actually slightly better for the environment. Even more. If you go ahead and check that little box in the order that says, please no utensils or napkins. You are now officially Greta Thunberg. See, when you gave that clue, I was going in completely the wrong direct. When you said seamless, I thought it was like be naked all the time. Yeah. I was like, no, seams aren't clothes.


Yeah. And the reason is you might be wondering why. Yeah. Know this doesn't make any Sense. A meal delivered by a food delivery service generates much less food waste than cooking at home. And because a food delivery service combines trips, right? Instead of every individual person driving to the grocery store themselves to get food, it's sort of like a food carpool. So do not ruin it by ordering each chicken nugget separately. I just, I don't believe this at all. This sounds so wrong. Still It's NPR. Would we lie to you? Well, other than other than us specifically. Yeah. Mostly at this show. Yeah, exactly. Adam, the government of China is warning its citizens to be wary of hot people coming onto them because those people may be what Spies.


Yes, exactly right. According to the Chinese Ministry of State Security, there have been increasing reports of foreign agents catfishing Chinese citizens into revealing state secrets. Many pretend to be academics or maybe grad students in order to gain the trust of people who might have access to sensitive information. It's terrible for your self-esteem. A gorgeous fellow PhD students seems interested in your research and then the state police come over and they're like, not so fast. I'll go. But also, what if the academic who they're stealing the secrets from is also hot? I mean, that's a good point, right? Yeah. So if it's like too hot people, then what does the government say?


Well, I Avoid or don't avoid. Exactly. And there's another problem, which is what about innocent Hunt people? Everybody is gonna suspect that we are spies. Right? That's not fair. That's, that's stereotyping. Yeah. Maybe I just have six pack of abs and I'm interested in the dispensation of troops in the Chinese military. Tell me what the secret is. Tell me what the secret is. Tell me what the secret is Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first, it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at 1 8 8. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4.


You can always click the contact us link in the website, Wait Wait dot NPR dot org. And be sure to check out our sister podcast how to do everything. This week, Mike and Ian tell you how to keep your french fries from getting all soggy. Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hi, this is Poppy calling from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Hey Poppy. What do you do there in Pittsburgh? I work in Medicaid managed care. Oh, Okay. All right. That's must be exciting. Yeah, sounds like it's a conversation ender. Yeah. Okay, well, what else you got then? I don't know. Well, Peter, I do have a funny story. Please. I once was in a parody sketch of Wait, Wait, don't tell me, you know, one day variety show.


No, really? Yeah. Yeah. I was attending graduate school at University of Chicago and we did a one night variety show and I got to play Poppy Segel. I was the host. No, really? Really? Yes. Only, only because Jay Farrow was just in her show. And I'm thinking about it. Did you actually attempt to do an impression of me? You know, it's not that hard, Peter. It's like, this is NPR. Nailed it. Yeah, I've, I thought I was talking to myself. That was great.


Well, poppy, welcome to the show. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks will be a winner. You ready to apply? Yeah. Here is your first limerick, Anna Del's. Old cons. Sure do rankle, but for views. A B, C pulls a frankle after time behind bars. She is dancing with stars with a monitor worn round her Ankle. Yes ankle. Anna Delvy. That's the con woman made famous by a Netflix show about her will be the first contestant on Dancing with the Stars to compete while wearing a court ordered ankle monitor.


It might get in the way of removed, but when it finally comes off, just think how higher kicks will suddenly be. It's, it's, it's the sort of news that makes you say, huh. I guess we are using a very broad definition of both home detention and also with the stars. I want every week for them to add an accoutrement. So by the end she's in that, that h bull lecter thing with the mask on. This is A handicapping Thing. Just Wheel. You just kind of wheel it out. Wheel Around. Here is your next Limerick poppy Here. Stormer in the inspects his new flat. There's a squatter inside who won't scat.


He might be too sinister for the Prime Minister. Larry. 10 Downing Streets Kat. Yes. Kat, the new British Prime minister Kiir Starmer is facing a fierce opponent as he establishes himself at 10 Downing Street. The cat that lives there hates him and his family. It's got to be the biggest story of the week that involves a world leader talking about pets. So this, this makes Kiir Starer a child foil cat leader. Yes. Okay. That's right. I was just testing that out. We don't Need to enjoy it. Okay, poppy, you got one more Limerick.


You're doing great. Here it is. Sometimes kumquats are frugally sized and our pears look like newly thighs. We will make ugly fruits look all tasty and cute when we slap on some googly eyes. I'm sorry, ugly. I blew. It's, I got so into it. It's Very hard. I, I know. So Lemme just ask you, poppy, let me just ask you, poppy, take a random guess. What's the answer? Is It eyes? It is poppy. How Did you know On a score, According to a new study, an effective way?


This is real, by the way, to get people to buy misshape and produce is to put googly eyes on them. What does it say about us that we're more likely to eat fruits and vegetables if they look like people? I wasn't hungry before now, but now I yearn for the taste of human flesh. No, No, no, no, no, no. I think it's like, if it has googly eyes on it, it looks goofy and you forgive the fact that it looks bad. 'cause it, it's goofy. So I I I can never apply morality to fruit in the first place.


Oh, you're alone, Adam. Yeah. The, the study Study focused on so-called ugly produce, which is produce that is completely edible and just as delicious as any other, but it looks funny. Unfortunately, when you, when you do buy this produce it's eyes turn into a little Xs when you cook them. Oh, Bill, how did Poppy do weird on our quiz? I don't know. All of a sudden you don't Have any answers. I got nothing. Got another, I got nothing. But you know, she's already one with two out of three. So Poppy, my apologies. And you are a win. Yes, you are Poppy.


Thank You so much. Thank You. Thanks so much. You better keep your eyes on us. At NPRs pop culture Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss, and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean.


Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What you looking for? The stupid guy here? They're all smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from PR.


Now onto our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Nickie and Adam each have three. Roxanne has two. Okay. Roxanne, you are in second place. That means you're Up First. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, Russia launched a major counter attack against blank Kers Ukraine. Yes, Ukraine. On Tuesday, Delta confirmed that no passengers were injured after two planes blank While taxiing Collided. Right This week, residents in southern California were hit with evacuation orders as three major blanks continued to rage. Wildfires. Right? On Tuesday, a woman in Nashville was talked off a bridge by blank. John Bon Jovi.


Right This week, a man at the Taipei Zoo was bitten by Lions after he entered their cage and said, blank Me Roar. No, he said quote, come bite me. Oh. Hoping to compete with Target and Aldi. Amazon announced that they were launching a new line of budget friendly blank groceries. Right. On Monday, three new cast members were announced for blank 50th season SNL. Right. This week, tourists in the UK crowded around to see the country's newest attraction blank. Oh, the horrible statue of Queen Elizabeth. That's right. Okay. Alright. The statue of the late Queen Elizabeth II is particularly horrible because according to everybody who looks at it, it makes the queen look just like Mrs.


Doubtfire, it is being called an insult to her majesty's memory. Some are even calling it for it to be melted down, which sounds great until the next statue they make somehow makes Queen Elizabeth look like the genie from Al. Bill. How did Roxanne do in our quiz? She Did very well. Seven, right? 14 more points total to 16 is in the lead. Alright, I'm gonna pick Adam arbitrarily to go next. Here we go. Adam, please fill in the blank. According to Nielsen data, around 67 million people watch Tuesday's. Blank debate. Right. On Monday, Campbell's soup announced they were changing their name to blank. Oh, just Campbell's? Yeah, just Campbell's.


Yes. No soup. Just hours after making landfall in Louisiana, hurricane Francine was downgraded to blank. A tropical storm, Right? According to a new study, two thirds of America's blanks don't consider themselves wealthy Billionaires. Not billionaires. Millionaires. Millionaires. On Tuesday, FU fighters founder blank, announced he had had a child outside of his marriage. Dave Gold, right On Sunday, FX is show guns set a record by winning 14 creative arts blank awards. Emmys, right This week, tourists in Seattle crowded around to see that city's newest tourist attraction blank. An Even uglier statue of the Queen. No, no. An abandoned cyber truck on the side of the road.


This particular cyber truck is in pretty rough shape, which might explain it was abandoned on the side of a busy Seattle street. Since then, it attracted onlookers. Who can remember their visit by buying a t-shirt that says, I saw the abandoned cyber truck and all it did was break my fingers. Bill, how did Adam do in our quiz? Five. Right? 10 more points Total to 13 means Roxanne is still in the lead. Alright, So how many then does Nain need to win? Seven to win. Count him down. Alright, here we go. Nain, this is for the game. On Wednesday, both Kamala Harris and Donald Trump were in New York to observe the anniversary of blank. September 11, right? Amid an ongoing corruption probe, the police commissioner of blank resigned on Thursday, New York City.


Right? On Thursday, a Georgia judge dismissed two of the criminal accounts against blank Trump. Right? This week, Aja Wilson broke the single season scoring record in the blank tennis Thing. No, the WNBA after being convinced to give the buyer a requested discount on the home he was selling a man in Miami is suing because he learned blank That the house was made of styrofoam. No, that the buyer who wanted a discount was Jeff Bezos. On Monday, police arrested a man accused of stealing four blanks from Australian rower. Drew Giin Kangaroos, Olympic medals. On Tuesday, Sony angered gamers by announcing an $800 price tag on the newest version of the blank. The new, sorry.


The, so Did you, did you not expect us to put you through this Nain? Was this a surprise to you? I hate the same thing. I think there's a slow carbon monoxide. There is. We need to investigate the metals In this room. Okay, what is what? I'll do this again on Tuesday. Yeah. Sony angered gamers by announcing an $800 price tag in the newest version of the blank. Grant Theft Auto. No, the console. The PlayStation This week. Okay. Week. Tourists in Chicago crowded around to see this city's newest tourist attraction. What A really super hideous person.


Okay. No, A see through plastic purse filled with lucky charms hanging on a pole despite going viral. No one has claimed this serial filled purse, which was found hanging from a pole in front of an abandoned muffler shop. And despite the mystery, all knockers say, it definitely ranks up there with some of Chicago's other beloved tourist attractions. Like the late great rat hole and the beam, not the sculpture, just a bean that had fallen out of a burrito. Bill, did Nain do well enough to Win? No, Not Three, right? Six more points.


Nine total. That means Roxanne is the winner This week. Yeah. In Just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict, now that we have seen the first private citizen take a space walk, what will be the next first to happen in space? But first, let me tell you that, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Koka writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shana Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater. A very special thanks and a fond farewell to our friend Nathan kake. Best of luck in hell. I'm sorry. I mean Hades Town. BJ Leaderman composed our theme.


Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles nor Boston, Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey and Blythe Robertson. Peter Gwen insists he has concepts of plans. Our vibe curator is Emma Choi, technical directions from Lorna White, her CFO's, Colin Miller, our production managers, Robert Newhouse, our senior producers, Ianello, the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Mike Danforth now panel? What will be the next big first in space? Negin Farsad. It'll be the first group therapy for billionaires who figure out why they have to go to space in the first place. Roxanne Roberts, The first Apple store, will open on the moon where there will still be a line to get in.


And Adam Burke The first reality show about the people trapped on the International Space Station called the Real House Astronauts of the Van Allen Belt. Well, if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis, thanks also to Negin Farsad, Roxanne Robertson, Adam Burke, thanks for a fabulous audience here at the theater in downtown Chicago. Thanks to all of you for listening, wherever you may be. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week.


This Is NPR. These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory, and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider This podcast from NPR.