
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from stamps.com. stamps.com simplifies your postage needs and adds valuable time back into your workday so you have more flexibility to focus on what only you can do. Go to stamps.com and sign up with code NPR for a special offer


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz filling in for Bill Curtis. I'm the voice so deep. You need a lifeguard Chio Ayson. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Tom Papa. Hi everybody. I'm Tom Papa Filling in for Peter Segel because my agent thinks Chicago in February is a great idea. We've got a great show for you today and we'd like to say a big welcome to the millions of you who tuned in because you thought the Super Bowl was being broadcast on NPR this year.


Right now it's your turn to play the big game. The number is 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Now it's time to welcome our first listener contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Tom. This is Ededie calling in from Alexandria, Virginia. Oh, hi Edie. How's it going? Good. What do you like to do down there in Virginia? Well, I work in conservation and climate advocacy and I like to go birding. Spend time outside. Yeah, you know up. Yeah. Someone just yelled. Yay for being outside.


That's what it's gonna be in the future. Just humans going. We remember now. Edie, let's introduce you to our panel first, a writer for Clean Slate. Season one is on Amazon Prime now, Shanti Jackson, I sent you out. Hi. Next, an actor and writer who can be seen in the acclaimed improv show Two Square at the UCB Theater in New York on February 27th. Peter Gross. Hi. Hi Peter, And a comedian who you can see in her Netflix special big guy, or on tour tickets and info at Rachel Feinstein dot com. Welcome to the panel Rachel Feinstein.


Thank You. Thank You for having me. Tommy. Hi Rico. Hi. Well, welcome to the show Ededie. You're going to play who's Chichi this time. Chio. Anson is going to read you three quotes from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you choose on your voicemail. You ready? Am I ever? Here's your first quote from the Wall Street Journal. This is the dumbest trade war in history. The journal was talking about moves made by the US government to slap what on Canada, Mexico, and China This week.


Would Those be tariffs? That's right. Tariffs. They were supposed to take effect Tuesday, but 11th hour negotiations delayed them giving hardworking Americans a much needed reprieve from having to figure out what tariffs are. If you, it does feel like, it feels like high school history class, be talking about tariffs. You're like, I don't, what are those even? Right? Yeah. Like I'll just skip that One. Yeah, I know. This is like everything my husband screams about when he is drunk. Like every libertarian guy, I'm like, now I have to understand it. Yeah. Every time he is drunk, he's like, you don't respect George Washington. I'm like, not really, but he is not the reason you can't drive right now.


If you're confused about how a 25% tariff on goods from Canada and Mexico might affect you, just think about it like this. Do you like eating food? Well, that's going to be way more expensive now. It's amazing though that the Wall Street Journal is the one that's calling them out because they're saying that it's a dumb idea. Then it might actually be a dumb idea. Yeah, I know. I, I always feel like when I see the Wall Street Journal, like in a lobby or something, I pick it up and I feel like, oh yeah, I know money. I feel like I pick it up in the paper goes, please put me down Now I'm gonna have to learn more Outlander words. I'm just so annoyed about that. I feel like tariff seems like just sounds like something you have to give like trolled across a bridge or something.


Grocery prices have gone up already, but don't worry. Despite the high price of eggs, Trump has promised all Americans will still be able to die of bird flu. So reassuring. Did He lose the negotiation though? Like he wanted tariffs with Canada in Mexico. Right. And then he backed down pretty quick. Yeah. So it doesn't seem like a win or A good deal. Well, it depends what channel you watch. Yeah, sure does. Depends how hot the reporter is talking about it. Yeah. I was watching, I was watching Fox and they're like, he did it. They backed down and he gave him everything he wanted and then I went over to CNN and they're like, they said they're gonna put 10,000 troops on the border, which they already have.


I do. Yeah. I feel like if the newscaster looks like she would like give you bottle service in Tampa, then you can't always trust the news. Alright, here's your next quote. I'm stuck there for a half an hour watching stuff before it actually starts. That was someone responding to a new law proposed by a Connecticut State senator to force movie theaters to tell us what Ooh, when, when to arrive, how early to get there Because We have to watch the ad Very good when a movie starts. Okay. When it exactly starts. America needs a hero right now.


And now we have one senator, Martin Looney of Connecticut wants to require theaters to tell us exactly what time the movie actually starts so we don't have to sit through half an hour of ads and previews. His last name is Looney. I Know Martin Looney just seems like a pretend name. It's a like a wacky eighties movie of like guy that owns a toy store or something. It also could be like a character from a Marx Brothers movie, right? Like there's no way Any, hi President Martin Looney, come over here, meet Tim Quackers. He's my secretary of name. Well we've all been there.


The showtime's at seven. So you get there at six 40 but then traffic is light so you end up in the theater while they're still playing commercials for the company that runs the commercials. It's getting way too long. And here's the crazy part, when Martin Luther King Jr. Said, the arc of the moral universe is long but bends toward justice. This is what he was talking about. Yeah. This is our black history month Joke. And you know what? You know what? I laughed a little bit. Yes. On one hand I was thinking like this maybe shouldn't be what the congressmen are working on right now.


Like I was like, is this what they should be? It's the only thing they can do. That's true. It's like, oh, how can we get the people happy about one thing? I appreciate that padding 'cause it's just like 30 minutes. I don't have to feel ashamed for being on my phone, you know, like out of the day and and also I feel like the person that wants to like they, they want that extra 30 minutes. Like, I don't know. I feel like they're just like maybe in a happier marriage or something. Like I just, I love 30 minutes in the dark is all I want at the end of the day. Yeah. Alright, ededie, here's your last quote. She would've Been really Slow. That was a researcher talking about a new finding that the ancient human ancestor Lucy could do.


What? Hmm? Can I have a hint please? Sure. Her remains were found wearing a pair of Nikes So she could run slowly. Yes. Run. Good job Using advanced computer modeling researchers now believe the early hominid Lucy was capable of running and this is true. While she couldn't run far, she also couldn't run fast. Is it running then? Well Also we dunno What was going on in her life. Well, is she the first? We don't know how fast, fast was back then.


She might have been the fast. If she's the only person we know running. If you're the only one running, you are the fast. That's true. There might have been. That's true. My process Of elimination. Yeah, That's true. She came in first Ms. Ms, but she came in first. There was probably a slug, like a prehistoric slug that was like, oh my god. You know what? It's always people Who don't do sports who are talking trash about people who do sports. You're in a lab and that girl could run. Okay, Can you imagine falling out of a tree and dying. And then 3.2 million years later they put your bones together to prove you were slow as hell. It's So unnecessary.


I know. It feels really, yeah. What, what's the next article? Article gonna be like? Yeah, and she couldn't read either. Sh Yoki. How did Ededie do? Well, I Hope she chooses the right voice on her voicemail because she got all three. Right. There you go. Ededie, Thank You so much. Thank You so much for Playing. Bye. Take care Right now panel. It's time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Rachel, This week a proposal at a restaurant in China went awry when the woman being proposed to accidentally did what?


Where that woman? Oh, I'm supposed to actually know the answer to this. Yeah, I can give you a hint. Okay, give a hint. Okay. Hiding the ring in dessert is not without risk. Oh, she ate it. That's right. She ate the ring. Very good. She Did. Oh my God. Oh dear. My, oh god. Good Job. In a grand romantic gesture, the man had the restaurant hide a golden engagement ring in the cake that they ordered for dessert. Unfortunately, the woman never got a chance to say yes. Yes, because she was too busy saying, yum cake. Should they have to like such a deep pig that she just had to stuff herself Over? Here's the thing, it's his fault because the ring had to be too small if she was able to eat it.


There you go. Get her a bigger rock. Is it Not even just she just ate it. Not a choke, not a spit out. Nothing. She swallowed it. She swallowed it. They're not getting married. I have a question. I don't feel like we need to know what dish she put it in. Yeah, it was carrot cake probably. Yeah, a big mealy cake. Oh, oh, I see what you did. I see what you did. I did too. And I am going to go now. No, that is like, that is just the stupidest possible idea because even if it, like the best version of it is is ends with her being like, what the hell? Like pulling a ring out of her mouth. It was really awkward afterwards when the guy got down on one knee behind her and said, I'm gonna have a really important question for you in about six hours.


Just a sliver of control. The rest is Coming up. Turns out it's actually very easy to be green. Find out why in our bluff the listener game. Call 1, 8, 8, 8. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney plus.


These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson. We're playing This week with Rachel Feinstein, Shantira Jackson, and Peter Gross. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Tom Papa. Thanks Gki. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me bluff the listener game. Call 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait to play our game on air or check out the pin post on our Instagram page at waitwait NPR Hi, you're on Waitwait, don't tell me. Hi there. This is Christine Moore in Brooklyn, New York.


Ah, hello Chris. Hello. Yeah. Brooklyn. Brooklyn. What's going on in Brooklyn these days? How's, how's February in Brooklyn? Well, it is more snow than you might have had actually want or slush, but you know, we're moving along. All right, that's good. You sound like you really enjoy it. You great. Brooklyn thing. I, I spent some time this afternoon clearing snow from in front of the community garden I'm a member of, so that's really Brooklyn. Oh, That is very, that's very nice. That's really nice of you. I was doing that too before the show in Chicago. Well, it's nice to have you here, Chris. You're gonna play our game in which you must try and tell truth from fiction. What's the topic?


Chichi. Why is everything green these days? Everybody wants green things, green witches and wicked green money. Greenland. This week we heard a story where something new turned green. Our panelists are going to tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Mm, I guess so. Ought to be. I love your confidence. First up, it's Shantira Jackson. Many folks like to paint the town red, but one woman was truly flabbergasted when everything in her house was suddenly dyed green, including her cat.


So like any American seeking good advice, the woman turned to Reddit. She explained that she first noticed her cat's fur taking on a greenish tent before seeing that other items in her home, including her couch, phone, charger, and wall were also changing views. She took her cat to the vet, had her AC and water checked, and even went to the doctor herself for answers and got none. She was totally at a loss until one Reddit user asked if the original poster had recently purchased some jeans from Old Navy. Apparently there is a pair of jeans from Old Navy that are notorious for staining everything green. The woman claimed that neither she nor her husband wore jeans.


They were strictly a Slacks family, but something about the comic irked her and made her suspicious of an affair. She looked through her husband's phone and lo and behold there were, quote, some sexy Instagram dms from a woman who wears jeans. He was in fact having an affair. Turns out green wasn't the color of jealousy, but rather the color of bargain priced infidelity. So that was cheating. Jean's woman from Shair Jackson. Your next story of something going green comes from Rachel Feinstein. Oh yeah, this was true Ed.


This is a in a prodigious orchestra in Warsaw, Poland, the renowned musician, Gustav Slavin. You guys know his work? He was playing his organ for the St. Patty's Day waltz when he all of a sudden noticed that his hands had turned a rather sickly puke colored green. That's right. His poor mitts had turned green. Basically what he had was was called organs paw. And that's when your or your instrument kind of seeps onto your hands. And because he had a green organ, his hands turned green and, and now it's known as a wider affliction called slavin's paw that a lot of musicians have. Basically, it just turns your instrument. Can you just save me somehow here, Please? Oh, he founded the organs Paw Youth Alliance, which like helps like young musicians that are also rancid from organs paw.


I'm gonna go put myself down like a dog. Now that is a medical term going rancid from something. Yes, It seems very convincing. Oregon Paw from Rachel Feinstein. Your last story with a greenish hue comes from Peter Gross. The staff of the local CVS in Belmore, New York, panicked when they didn't receive any of their Valentine's Day decorations. No red banners, no paper cupids, no hard shaped boxes of chocolates for forgetful husbands to buy at 1145 on February 14th. Corporate must have forgotten about us, said store manager Frank Fusco. So we had to improvise Fusco and his employees rated their stock room for anything to spruce up the store. All they found was some green m and m tie-in posters left over from Christmas, 10 unopened boxes of pin scented air fresheners Hulk merchandise from the 2008 Hulk movie.


And they saw a theme developing. Everything was all green, so they decided to lean in and make the whole store look like a golf course that had a three-way with an avocado and an alligator green in Times's Day was born. Customers really got into the spirit dressing in as their favorite green pop culture characters. Peter Pan Kermit, that thing from the Mucinex commercials. One guy dressed as Yoda even proposed to his wife in an alphabet costume, which everyone agreed was kind of adorable and also very disturbing. Alright, so Chris, you've got Shanti's story of a cheater leaving behind a green trail of lies.


Rachel's story of an organist with a case of Oregon Paw and from Peter CVS trying to make Gines Day a thing. Which one is real? But I I would love to believe in slave's. Paw Sla. It's slavin's paw by the way. It it is real. Oh, okay. You know, you how many children you're hurting right now. Sorry, I I don't believe the CVS story. I, I think I have to go with, with with the cheating genes and ch Okay. To Oh.


To find out the correct answer. We spoke to someone who reported on the real story. She posted the pictures on the subreddit of this white cat with like a little green hinge and someone said this would be a funny way if you found out your husband was having an affair. That was MJ Bradford, a radio announcer at Barry 360 talking about the cheater getting caught green handed. Congratulations, Chris. You got it right. Okay. Thank You so much for the game. Well done. You earned a point for Shanti and you've won our prize, the voice of your choice on your voicemail. Thank You so much for playing with us today, Chris. Thank You for having me.


Enjoy Brooklyn. And now the game we call not my job. After being a part of improv groups at Second City and IO and interning for late night with Conan O'Brien, Vanessa Bayer joined the cast of Saturday Night Live in 2010 and stayed with the show for seven years. She's now celebrating SNL's 50th anniversary, but we swear it doesn't look a day over 45. Vanessa Bayer, welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. So nice to see You.


Thank You for being here. Oh My God, Thank You so much. I'm a huge fan. We all are. It's so nice to actually get to talk to you. When you look at your body of work, you have this great ability of being so sweet and likable and then you kind of have this subversive kind of cutting comedy. I guess my first question, in real life, are you as sweet as you look? Oh, I, I mean, you could ask Rachel and to an extent I think I am sweet, but I do love to gossip. Yes, yes.


That's such a good, that's such a good, that's a very honest and accurate description. Yeah, right. She's very lovely and warm, but she'll get into it. Yeah, true. Vanessa has never clutched pearls around me once. Never seen her clutch, her pearls. It seems that your whole family has a, a really great sense of humor. When I've heard you talk about your family and especially they were especially helpful getting you through challenges when you were younger, was that something that just came natural or did that come out of the challenges? I think that I, my dad was always very funny. My brother was always funny. My mom, sorry, sorry, my mom too brag. But I think that that me, you know, particularly when I was a teenager and I had leukemia, I think my family really, their senses of humor were like, really, really came out.


And I think it made us all kind of funnier because we learned that that was sort of a, you know, a thing that put us at ease. It put everybody we knew at ease. And so I think it Right. And made everyone funnier. Right. Just to, just to kind of get through it. And it, it's funny, I've heard you tell stories about how you start off just trying to like protect yourself and, and be strong just to all of you just to get through it. But then when you, when the skies started clearing and it seemed like you were gonna be okay, you didn't really stop taking advantage of some of the goodwill that people had torture. I was like, I'm pretty sure I earned some like stuff forever. So Yeah, I, I would, you know, the, the big term in my family was dropping the lbo like, you know, my dad got outta the speeding ticket because he said that I was sick.


This was like year I was done with treatment and separation, like Yeah. U using it, you know, I feel like if you survive something like that or honestly, if you survive anything, you should get perks forever. Oh yeah. At least like a Starbucks gift card. Yeah. Come on. What, what did you get out of when you were a teenager in, in, Well the huge thing was gym class. Ah, Yeah. I didn't have to do gym class and that was like cute. I mean, who wants to like, it's so, it's so demeaning. It's so disgusting that you have to be like a teenager and you're trying to look cool in front of everybody and you have to like go change into like shorts and like go like get sweaty and then like you can't shower.


You just have to change back into your clothes and go to class. It's like, hello, this sucks. So I got out of gym class. That was the biggest thing. And then I sort of got out of like anything else I wanted to get out of. But the main thing was getting out of gym class was so great. I mean, I recommend it so much, But also I will say to this day, you cannot climb up a rope and touch the top rope. That's right. It's like one of her biggest flaws. That's right. Yeah. And I have to live with that. Yeah. So that, that's A trade off. Yeah. I've never heard about your audition for SNL. What was that like? You know, I got myself into such a good head space before my SNL audition and I'm like, I'm just gonna enjoy this.


It feels like it's like gonna lead to positive things no matter. I mean, I'm a real big optimist. You can tell by the way I'm telling this story, but like, I just was so excited to be there and I was like, I just wanna be so present for this. Sorry to sound like we get it, but like, I wanna be so present with this. Yeah. And did you know when you were done that you had in fact nailed it? I, well, I was told they're not gonna laugh, so don't be offended if they don't laugh. Nobody laughs. Right. They did laugh. I remember after my first character, they laughed and I was like, whoa. I didn't even think this was possible. What was the character? Was it the bar mitzvah kid?


No, I did a different little boy who, who was really into rocks. I didn't, I love that there's multiple, Multiple little boys. Incredible. Yeah, He was really into Rose Quartz. Oh. And And they laughed right away. Yeah. They laughed right away. And then they called me back a week later and I met with Lauren and that was really exciting. And then I was told I would hear within the next day and then, so my parents stayed up all night. That's great. We didn't hear And And I remember my parents were freaking out and I was like, 24 hours to them was like, it's longer.


Yeah, Yeah. Right. And then like a week later I got a call from a producer. So a week later, well, before we play the game, I mean, Rachel says you really like gossip. Is there any gossip you want to drop? You guys talk about Tom. Yeah, I'll say that Tom's been extremely inappropriate Sage. Yeah. I didn't feel safe. He was just, yeah. People don't do this. When Peter hosts Vanessa Bear, we've asked you here to play a game. We're calling, it's A golden jubilee. Okay. You're helping SNL celebrate their golden 50th anniversary, but they're not the only one turning 50 this year.


Answer our three questions about other things that started in 1975 and you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of their choice on their voicemail. Chichi, who is Vanessa playing for? Liz Ward of Austin, Texas. All right, here's your first question. Jaws turns 50 this year and wouldn't be nearly as iconic without John Williams'. Memorable two note theme. When he first played it for Steven Spielberg, what was the director's response? A, he got so scared. He fled the studio in terror B, he reminded Williams that they were only paying him per note so he better step it up.


Or C, he said quote. That's funny John, really? What did you really have in mind for the theme of Johns? My guess is C. You're right. C. Very good. That was fast with confidence. Okay, here's, here's your next question. 50 cent turned 50 this year and almost as famous as his music is his feud with fellow rapper Ja Rule things got so heated at one point that 50 cent did what a convinced Ja rule to invest in this super cool and not at all shady thing called the fire festival.


B bought 200 front row tickets to a JA Rule concert, so we'd have to perform to an empty arena or see bought the URL ja rule.com and made the homepage. Just say more like, Ja fool. Okay. I feel like I answered too quickly last time, but you Got it right. Okay, well here we go. And here comes the answer. Vanessa, we don't have as much time as you think, so just really just get to it. My guess is B, You're right. B that.


Whoa, That was really rough. What A tough, that's so funny that he did that. I know. He's also mean. He's so mean. Alright, here's your last question. Okay. Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton married for the second time in 1975 with Taylor saying quote, we married once again back where we belonged, where we always belonged. Where did she say? 10 months later a quote. These have been the most beautiful 10 months of either of our lives. B quote, were you to look up love in the dictionary?


Certainly you'd see a picture of Richard in me or C. We can't be together. I'm gonna say you're right. See? Oh, Jesse, I was gonna say all three. The couple divorce shortly afterwards. C Yogi. How did Vanessa Bayer do on our quiz? Well, Here's the gossip on Vanessa Bayer. She got all three rights. Yeah, nice job. Vanessa Bayer is an actor and comedian who's celebrating SNL's 50th anniversary.


Vanessa Bayer, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait. Wait, don't tell me That's it. In just a minute. If you're wondering what gross thing should I rub on my face today in the Listener Limerick challenge, we have your answer. Call 1, 8 8, Wait, Wait to join us on air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more@inter.com slash NPR.


I am Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur, so she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


At NPR R'S Pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss, and we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't Tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson. We're playing This week with Peter Gross, Rachel Feinstein and Chant Jackson. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Tom Papa. Thanks Chichi. In just a minute. It's the Super Bowl of early 18th century literary forms, the Listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at 1 8 8. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. But right now panel, some more questions for you from this week's news chant.


According to the Washington Post, as more people stopped drinking alcohol during January, they started drinking what instead? Whiskey, No Water. Would you like a hint? Yeah, I would love that because I know a lot of drinks. Okay, You named two of my favorites just now. I'm not doing dry January. I'm doing high January. CBD drinks Marijuana. Yeah, yeah. There you go. Out for anybody who ever accidentally drank bong water and thought, yes, please, it's drinkable cannabis according to distributors, it's incredibly popular among parents age 35 to 55, which is not surprising if you've been to any block party in the last two years.


What? So? But I've heard the cannabis drinks are not as powerful as other forms of cannabis Is anyone here in the audience? Feel free. I've Heard from myself. Yes. What is yourself? I've heard from myself. There's like different versions, right? And at the end of the day, you're gonna fall asleep anyway, so Also it's like if, is it dry January? If you're getting like Right, you're altering yourself with something that isn't alcohol, so it's not really dry. You're literally drinking, which is the opposite. There is liquid, which is opposite of dryness. Yeah, Yeah. I'm sober. I just smoke tons of weed.


It's basically when you're not sober and you're lying about being sober, That's when you're like, I'm, I'm on ayahuasca, but I'm sober. Why are you shooting heroin? Dude, it's dry. January, Peter. Yes. A new essay in the New York Times recommends that those in need of peace, meditation and community simply go where Heaven as fast as possible. Peace. Peace. Can I take a hint? Nothing more soothing than the sound of a urinal. Flushing. I guess they would go to a bathroom. Yes. Public bathrooms. Public bathrooms.


Yes. The columnist says public restrooms are the perfect place to escape awkward social functions, high stress work situations, and breathable air. Have you ever escaped to a public bathroom and said, ah, I've escaped from a public bathroom. I love the idea of community that they're going in there. Yeah. For community. Community Is a little confusing. Yeah, that's, well, I, I think I do love public restrooms Come In. Girls. Girls, girls out at a club. There's nothing better than two o'clock in the morning. Freaking destiny's child on the radio in a girl's bathroom. It's the most fun place on the planet.


It's The nicest why? What's happening in there? We're having more Fun than you guys. That's freaking, I can't tell you, but everybody's so nice. There's infinite tampons. It's just like, That's what I said. Heaven. It's Not, and it's not just tamps Tommy. No, we're getting each other sponge baths in there. That's Right. Whoa. This is what I really thought was happening in there. Everybody's so nice. We just walk in and then drunk girls are like, you look so beautiful. And it's like, Thank You. If I went into a bathroom and Tom was there, I wouldn't talk to 'em. Yeah. If you were the, if you hadn't seen each other in 50 years, no. But even if it looks so, not until you get out pretty, You Can't, you can't be standing at a urinal and going, you look great coming up.


It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first, it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you like to play on air, call or leave us a message at 1 8 8. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Also, you can catch us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago and come see us on the road at the Walt Disney Theater in Orlando, Florida on March 20th. Tickets and info@nprpresents.org. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hello. This is Jeremiah Donah Hall calling from beautiful Brookings, South Dakota. Ooh, nice to meet you. Jeremiah. What goes on in South Dakota in the winter?


Not much, but a bunch of blowing snow. Welcome to the show, Jeremiah Chio. Anson is going to read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in the last word or phrase correctly on two limericks, you're a winner. Here's your first limerick. My skin has a roughened Savannah feel, but Botox and balms are a grandma's deal. I'll try something funky. This fruit from a monkey. I'm rubbing my face with Banana peel. That's right. Banana peel.


According to beauty influencers and 14 year olds on TikTok, the enzymes and banana peels can plump and brighten up your skin as a cheaper, more potassium rich alternative to Botox. And according to scientists, no they can't Bananas. Everybody turns to bananas like when you were young. Did did They did. Was there a rumor that you could like smoke banana peels? Yeah, You could get high off High bananas. Yeah, I heard that too. What was That? Yeah, that was that. It was that you have to dry them out in the oven and like it's just, it was all bs. I mean it's like if everybody just go like, I'm sure some guy will be like, if you, you know you're having trouble down there sexually, just take a banana and just smush it in your pants.


Well, Well that, that, that, That one is true. Alright, here's your next Limerick. Since there's a loss in the big coffee game, we'll return to the source of our fame. We will keep messing up what we write on your cup. We've gone back to misspelling your name. That's right name, hoping to reverse falling sales. Starbucks decided to return to the roots of writing your name on your cup as a random collection of squiggles with a toxic marker and it's working.


Starbucks beat expectations last quarter. The CEO credits, their approach of going back to basics on some things like ceramic mugs. If you order to stay and keeping things that work, like pretending a caramel mocha frappuccino is a coffee drink and not a hot fudge sundae. Do you Have a, do you have a Starbucks name? Do you have like a, a name that you give when you go to so that they always get it? Yes. It's, I mean, your name's Tom. So they, I I don't know how they're messing up ti left and right. Yeah, It depends where I am. Like This week I kept using Peter Segel Another free coffee, Mr. Segel. Then you Get to see it.


Leave it on my tab. Here's your last limerick Hopping. Each day makes my rump dope and my cardio hops gave that chu hope he made a mistake and fell into a lake, but I soon pulled him out with my jump rope. Yes, you're right. Nice jump rope. Professional jump roper. David Fisher was out for a walk near a frozen pond when he heard someone screaming for help. Immediately he sprung into action, grabbed his extra long double dutch rope and dragged the person and their dog out of the water while he was doing it.


Our hero could be heard saying, see dad, could an accounting degree do that? Yeah. Can we back up to professional jump roper for a second? No, it exists. Every time I go to a hotel. I'll probably do it tonight. I always go to like ESPN eight and watch the wildest sports there ever was. Yeah, there's like a soccer golf I saw one time. There's definitely professional juggling That's professional. But this is like a grown man. Like I would assume a professional jump rope would be like a 13-year-old girl or something like that. Just in terms of the skill that is needed that those are the people I see excelling at it the most.


Yeah. Well, you know, 10,000 hours. Yeah, that's true. Gki, how did Jeremiah do? He got all three, right? Nice work. Jeremiah, Thank You very much. Thank You so much. Enjoy the rest of your winter. I'll sure Try. Give 'em a big round of applause everybody. Now onto our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Chichi, can you give us the scores?


Peter has three points. Rachel has four points. Chant has five points. Yes she does. Oh boy. So Peter, you are in third place. Okay, so you are Up First. Good. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Tuesday, president Trump faced widespread criticism for his proposal that the US takeover blank. Oh Gaza. Right. On Wednesday, former senate majority leader blank slipped and fell outside the Senate chamber That kooky Mitch McConnell. Right This week a doctor in Italy is being investigated for giving blank an unauthorized cat scan A cat.


Yes, He gave, he gave his cat a cat scan. That was impressive. On Thursday, scientists discovered a new blank that could hit the earth in 2182. Asteroid. That's right. Yeah. In good news for anyone struggling with the price of eggs, a new AI bot has recommended a cheaper alternative. Human eggs, Close cow eggs. The new French AI called Lucy was quickly taken off the market after it recommended eating cow eggs as a healthy and affordable breakfast. Programmers quickly corrected the mistake. And now Lucy suggests starting breakfast with a big bowl of cereal swimming in chicken milk chichi.


How did Peter do? Peter got five, right? For 10 more points, that's a total of 13. So Peter has the lead. Okay, so Rachel, you are up next. Fill in the blank. Despite questions of legality, the White House began sending migrants to blank Guantanamo Bay. Right on Tuesday, big box chain blank co announced they were raising most worker pay to $30 an Hour. You know, sometimes when I do trivia, my mind just closes like a box. Can you just give me the answer? You're Right. Costco. This week the US Treasury acknowledged that blank had access to their servers.


Elon Musk. Right. According to a new study, the amount of blanks found in a human bodies is rising rapidly. Well, it's not bones. Microplastics. This week a man in New York who got out of jury duty by saying he thinks all defendants are guilty, was forced to resign from his job. As blank As a judge. Yes, as a New York City judge. Oh, On Sunday, Kendrick Lamar and Beyonce were the big winners at the 2025 Blank Awards, Grammy Awards. That's Right. After selling a stove that was responsible for almost 30 house fires, LG announced they were sending customers who bought the oven blank Refrigerator, A warning sticker to put on their ovens.


It might seem like an insufficient response, but don't worry. The company has promised that the stickers will be 100% fireplace chichi. How did Rachel do? Oh, snap. Rachel got five, right? For 10 more points, she has a total of 14 Rachel's in the lead. Wait. Rachel's in the lead. Wait, how can this be Chi Yoki? How many points does Shanti need to win? She needs only five to win. Five to win. Okay, Shanti, this is for the game. This week, FBI agents filed a class action lawsuit against Trump's Department of Justice over alleged retribution following the investigation into blank, Everything he's ever done, Election and appearance, Right.


January 6th, on Wednesday, six dairy herds in Nevada tested positive for a newer strain of blank flu, bird flu, right? In the latest of many such incidents, a zoo in China is under fire. For blanking, making All the animals go to bed early. Yeah. Lo For painting two dogs, orange and black and insisting their tigers on Tuesday. Search giant blank, updated its AI ethics policy. Google right after winning a legal battle, a supermarket in Costa Rica owned by a man named Mario, can continue to be called Nintendo Super Marios.


Oh, In Costa Rica, almost every supermarket is called super something. But Nintendo challenged Mario Gonzalez's attempt to register his supermarket using his own name. But This week a judge ruled that while the Super Mario trademark covered clothing and games, it did not apply to the category of independent Costa Rican grocery Store. Gki. Did Chanti do well enough to win? Well, Chanti got three, right? For six more points, total of 11. So on her inaugural appearance, Rachel Feinstein is this week's winner of Wait, Wait, don't tell me.


In just a minute, we'll ask our panelists to predict if Lucy's bad at running, what will we learn? She's good at, But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goca writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shayna Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Letterman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Dobos and Lillian King. Special thanks to Vinnie Thomas and Monica Hickey.


Peter Gwynn is certified. Certified. Emma Choi is our vibe curator. Our jolly good fellow is Hannah Anderson. Technical direction, Lauren of White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chille, the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Mike Danforth now panel? What will we find out? Lucy was good at Shantira Jackson Drinking enough water and not just because she forgot to drink water earlier. Rachel Feinstein. Well, She was tiny, so I guess like, I don't know, dancing on bars or like jigs or something.


Peter Gross. She Was super slow, but she always knew when to show up at the movie theater. Exactly when the movie started. And if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Oke Ayson filling in for Bill Curtis. Thanks also to Shantira Jackson, Peter Gross, Rachel Feinstein. And thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Tom Papa Filling in for Peter Segel and we'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line Podcast from NPR.