
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the secret love child of Taylor Swift and Travis Kel. Bill Curtis. Kelsey, I love it. And here is your host at the Kansas City Music called Kansas City, Missouri. Peter Segel. Thank You guys. Thank You everybody. We are delighted to be finally back in Kansas City, where Later on we are going to be talking to the legendary singer Dionne Warwick, right here on this stage.


I Know, it's amazing. But first I have to say, this is a homecoming for Bill Curtis. He grew up just over the border in Kansas. So Bill, what is it like to be almost back home? I remember growing up on the prairie dreaming someday coming back with my dream job. Reciting most of a limmering. You are already home when you play our games. 'cause you can just call in. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Jen from Havertown Pennsylvania. Havertown Pennsylvania.


What do you do there? I am a web editor for a very large financial institution. Very large. Hey, do they pay you in very large bills? It works for me. Yeah. Okay, whatever. Well, welcome to the show, Jen. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, a writer and standup comedian whose substack newsletter full of Pep talks is called, that's Marvelous and arrives every Monday. It's Josh Goleman. Hello. Oh my gosh. Thank You. Hi, Josh. Next. She's a writer on Netflix's Big Mouth. Season seven is out now at Shantira Jackson.


Hi Katera. Hello. And A comedian you can see in Alexandria, Virginia at the Birchmere on November 22nd and 23rd. It's Paula Poundstone Paul, you got it. Oh, that's very sweet of You. Thank You. Well, Jen, welcome to the show. You, of course, are gonna play Who's Bill this time? Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from This week's news. All you need do is identify or explain just two of them. Do that you will win our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose from our show on your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I'm ready to Go. Let's do it then. Your first quote is from someone moments after learning, he had been indicted on federal charges. I am not surprised.


That was Eric Adams, the not surprised mayor of what city? New York. New York City. Mr. Adams was elected mayor in 2021 on the strength of his career as a police captain promising to make crime in New York a personal priority. And he did it. Adams was indicted on five charges of fraud, bribery, and soliciting illegal foreign campaign donations from the government of Turkey at his arraignment on Friday, he entered the plea only in New York, kids, only in New York As a New Yorker.


My predominant reaction was, this is funny. As someone who grew up in and around Boston, my predominant reaction was, this is wicked funny. It's about he's the first New York mayor ever to be indicted in office. It's really exciting. Rudy Giuliani's so disappointed he couldn't get there quicker. He got more than a hundred thousand dollars worth of bribes in the form of free flights and upgrades on Turkish Airlines. His lawyer said he only agreed to accept the bribes after he realized he was never gonna get the 12 qualifying segments by the end of the year. He needed for a better status. Okay. The Thing about getting an upgrade on an airline is, unless you're very familiar with which aircraft you're using, which I never am, like sometimes I'll look at my ticket and go, oh, look at this first class and then it turns out I'm on a puddle jumper.


Yeah. Right. And first class is just a, you know, a slightly bigger chair. Right. But it's not, you know, and then I just feel like, well then I shouldn't have taken that bribe. That's an additional count in the indictments. Didn't even get the lie. Flat seeds. Alright, Jen, your next quote is from a New York time story about a new dining trend. Americans are not likely to break up with endless pasta bowls and half pound burgers overnight. So what will finally be getting smaller at American restaurants?


Portion size. Portion size. That's right. Yes. After decades of increasing portion sizes, Americans have been forced to admit that in the end there's only so wide a mouth can open. More and more restaurants are finally trending toward smaller portions robbing people of that wonderful, familiar After dinner, can we take an ambulance home feeling, You know, where they should do the smaller portion size where Paula, it's in the all you can eat buffets right From now on. They'll be all you should eat. No, they should just give 'em like each time somebody comes back up to the buffet, just give 'em a teeny little bit and then they have to keep returning and eventually So like just one tater tot Exactly.


Right. Yeah. And, and, and that would either, you know, they'd either feel too embarrassed to go up again or they would, you know, or they would just become exhausted or honestly work it off. That's true. Did you say that the restaurants were doing it for public health reasons? Because in part Oh ball Is the Absolutely not. Is The price going down? Well that is, that is in fact the Hope. That's my question because I feel like this is shrink ation. It's like, no, no, this is for your health, but it's still 29.99. What do you want? It's not $30. No, 29.99. It's actually I want a two for 20 from chilies and I bet you now it's one for 20.


I know what they're doing. Yeah. It's A smaller portion session. Terry, it's good for you. Yeah, this is actually kind of terrible because enormous portions are like the signature of American cuisine. Right. Who even are we Right? If we don't do this, we're the only country that gives you a prize if you can eat the whole thing. I like the idea that, because it'll be smaller. Right? We won't even need a whole Cheesecake Factory. We'll have kind of a bespoke cheesecake workshop. Exactly. Alright, Jen, here is your last quote, Earth. We'll be hosting a new guest That was NPR, talking about something that will be orbiting earth for two months.


Scientists are calling it a second. What? Moon? Yes. A second Moon On Sunday, an asteroid will enter Earth's orbit and will stay for a little while. We will have a quote mini moon for two months. Although, to be clear, the technical scientific term is Earth's new side piece. It's, it's, I mean, it's a small moon, but it's gonna lead to a lot of changes. For example, styrofoam ball sales will spike as elementary school kids everywhere have to update their solar system on. Know You're in. Look, are you in or are you out? I, we went through this with Pluto.


I can't deal with another heartbreak. I guess I can't do this again. Right? I want, I wanna know why the moon chose these two months to come. It's very stressful right now. They should come Maybe next February. Think. I think it's Possible. It's possible that it's actually a probe sent by aliens who are planning a visit, but just want to check on the election results. I mean, so yes, it, it, it isn't really gonna be a moon, but you know, who's really excited? Neil deGrasse Tyson. Once again, he is gonna have an opportunity to engage in his favorite pastime, correcting people who are happy. Bill, Bill, how did Jen do in our quiz?


Jen Got 'em. All Right. A perfect score. Congratulations. There You go. Jen, Thank You. Thank You so much for playing. Thank You very much. It was an honor. Bye-bye. Right now, panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Josh, many people suffer from migraines. That's true. But according to Wired Magazine, there is a new remarkably effective treatment that people can do at home. You just use a what? Oh, I don't, you use, you use your laptop and you close it. That could Work.


Can you gimme a hint? If somebody finds it in your bedstand, you can just say it's for your migraines. Something that you already have in your home. Something that some people already have in their home. Smooth Edibles. You, you said laptop, you were wrong. But it is an electric device. A personal massager. Yes, A vibrator. Well, Thank You though for being discreet. Yes. A vibrator. This is NPR. As you say at the end of the show, Research shows nasal vibration can considerably reduce pain from migraines, which is not only great for migraine sufferers.


It's great for everyone else Who wants to look the cashier in the eye when you buy one? It's for my nose. Headaches. That's okay. So you said you might already have one in your home. I'm gonna say if you're using it in your nose, what you're gonna want is a second vibrator. You know, you know it's gonna become a popular cure when you hear people saying, please, tonight I have a headache. 17. This is amazing. In the study, 17 out of 18 people felt relief after using the vibrator, although some of them might have been faking it to get you to stop trying so hard.


And if you don't wanna spray for like a new, you know, nose vibrator, just jam your electric toothbrush up there. I unfold. Well, I was thinking there. So it goes inside the nose or it just goes Over the nose? Yes, it's inside the nose. This little special vibrator goes up your nose and, and it vibrates the sinuses and through it the migraine. Yeah. Presumably that just goes to show how bad migraines are that someone would even come up with that idea. Do you know what I mean? I do. It's, it's like someone's trying to hit the reset button on their brain. It's gonna change the new edition of operation Coming up.


What winners have that losers don't in our bluff Listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus. Season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bour Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney plus.


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the human cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Josh Gunman, Paula Poundstone, and Shantira Jackson. And here again is your host at the Kansas City Music Hall in Kansas City, Missouri. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait show. Call me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play the game on the air. You can check out the pinned posts at our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. Npr Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Joanna from Columbia, South Carolina.


Hey, How are things in Columbia? They are great. All right then What do you do there? I am an educator by day and at night. I'm a drag king under the name Marty mc guy. Whoa. Marty. Marty mc guy is such a good drag name for a drag performer in South Carolina because I feel like afterwards you say a lot of this might be too much for you, but your kids are gonna love it. It's usually a lot of young performers that have never seen the movie and like, oh, that old movie. Ah. Ooh, geez. So you know, do you know? But occasionally if someone gets it, Just, just so you know, if you went back in time as far as Marty McFly went back in time in the movie, you could see the premier of the movie.


But that's not here nor there. Joanna, we have invited you here to play the game in which you must tell truth from fiction. What's the topic, bill? The secret of my success. Winners all have secrets to their success. I will let you in on mine. Did you know there are companies that let you make your own Ivy League diplomas? This week we heard about a surprising secret to success in the sports world. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the real story and you'll win the weight. Waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Yes. All right. First, let's hear from chant Jackson. Neil Dowden has been scooping ice cream in his family's local ice cream shop in Savannah, Georgia since he was tall enough to see over the counter.


And at five two and 110 pounds, he's still not much taller. Six months ago on a dare, Neil entered a local arm wrestling competition and took out his opponents in six seconds due observers say to his incredibly muscular right arm, which after a decade of scooping weighs as much as the rest of his body Combined, He Did advance to regionals and won there too. Last week he made it all the way to the Buffalo Wild Wings World Armed Wrestling League Championship, where he was crowned national champion, winning the coveted Golden Wild Wing championship trophy. He then dropped it on floor, smashing it after making the mistake of trying to pick it up with his left arm.


An ice cream scooper finds that was excellent training to win the national championship in arm wrestling. Your next story of an athletic edge comes from Josh Goleman. When the Boston Celtics clinched the 2024 NBA finals, all of America rejoiced as one. Even outside the base state basketball fans were curious about how this team executed such a dominant run to the title. And now we have an answer in a recent conversation with Boston based interview magazine. Are you serious right now? Kid? The famously intense Celtics head coach Joe Missoula responded to the buzz around his team with, well, a different kind of buzz.


Bees are our greatest teacher. They represent chaos and harmony all at once. Whispered Missoula while making unflinching eye contact with his interviewer. He's not kidding. Added Celtics star, Jason Tatum. At first I thought one B had gotten into the gym, but then there were more and more all over the court. Plus, coach Missoula was wearing one of those beekeeper outfits with the mask and everything, which is rarely how he dresses for practice winning. The title hasn't dulled. Missoula's unorthodox style. When asked about his plans for this season, he answered succinctly and without hesitation. Three words, not, not spiders.


Beads. Live buzzing beads. The secret to the Boston Celtics success, your last story of jocks getting a jump comes from Paula Poundstone. The Buffalo Bills have started their season with three straight wins and Buffalo Bills quarterback Josh Allen credits The team's passion for playing Catan as part of the reason why It's a board game. They play it a lot. Why? To quote one player, there's less to do in Buffalo supremacy. In Catan, a civilization building game requires strategy, teamwork, and adaptation. It is played with three to four players and is low impact, very low impact.


In fact, unless the players engage in pushing and shoving over seating arrangement, there's no impact at all. This is not the first instance of large men who are known for engaging in brutal activities. Also spending time in more peaceful sedentary pursuits. Former football player, Rosie Greer enjoyed embroidery and there's no evidence that crochet wasn't a popular Viking hobby. Not the NFL team. The actual vikings. Alright, one of these was the secret to some athlete or team success somewhere. Was it from TI Jackson? The country's newest arm wrestling champion got his asymmetric strength from scooping ice cream for a long time from Josh Goleman.


The secret to the Celtics run to the NBA championship was bees live bees introduced at their practice or from Paul a Poundstone. The reason the Buffalo bills are off to a three and oh start is because the team bonds by playing the board game. Catan. Which of these is the real story of athletic success we found in the news? Well, I'm gonna have to go with Paula's story because my drag family we're not performing. We also play a lot of board games and it does bring us together. So I'm gonna go with Paula's story. Alright, Well we actually have to bring you the real answer. One of these athletes who's benefited so much.


We love Catan. The land of Catan has slowly expanded. We, we actually have two different boards. It gets the competitors flying. That was Buffalo Bill's tight end Dawson Knox talking about his team's intense Katan rivalry in the locker room. Congratulations, Joanna. You got it right. Thank You. You earned a point for Paula. You've won our prize. The voice of your choice and your voicemail. Congratulations. Thank You. Bye bye. And now the game we call not my job. Dionne Warwick is a legend of American music, a winner of six Grammys, a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


You can find her name on both the Apollo Theater and the Hollywood Walks of fame. She's performing this weekend here in Kansas City. We are thrilled she could spend some time with us. Dionne Warwick, welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. And if So, your first of many hits Don't Make Me Over was released in 1962. Sure was. It's 62 years later and you are still performing. Are you still enjoying it? Are you having fun? Oh Yeah. I mean, it's something I've always tell people. I never wanted to work To work Ever.


No. And when this ever becomes a job, that's when I take my valet slippers and do my pirouette and say bye. You'd be done. Yeah. Never gone ever work. Do you have any idea what you'd do instead? Oh yeah. Sure. Well, like what? Yeah, Yeah. Well I have already, I have an interior design company. There you Go. Oh, wow. Yeah. So if you need something done, Yeah, I was wondering what those paint stains were, but I know. Yeah, that's great. I I I wonder you have had such an extraordinary career.


We can't even go into it. Is there, is there an a moment like that stands out for you in your career where you simply like, I cannot believe that a, a nice young woman from, from Orange, New Jersey is doing this. Was it, for example, performing for the Queen of England? Was it getting a, a lifetime achievement? Grammy, what? Is there anything like that stands out? Yeah. Okay. There's, I actually stopped Sidney. I I did. I really did. I Don't think anybody can blame You for that. No. Okay.


I, I, I Was, I think, I think I speak for America. When I say do tell, I, I was coming out of a recording session and we were walking down Broadway and all of a sudden I realized I was walking behind Sidney Poitier. Okay. And I said, oh my God. And you know, you've seen it in film. I did it. You know, you walk behind somebody and you don't want them to know that you're walking behind them. And then they stop and you stop and you, So He like, oh really? So he like spins around because it's like, someone's following me and you did the thing where you looked away, oh no, I just happened to be standing here two feet behind you.


No, he stopped at a red light. That's when he turned around and said, young lady, I said, you talking to me, you've been following me. Is there a reason? And of course I said, I have a complete loss of words, really? And I finally, I got up the nerve to ask him, will you sign this piece of paper for me? He said, of course I will. And he did. And I still have that piece of paper. Did it.


Alright, Forgive me. But did it not occur to you at that moment to say, I'm Dionne Warwick, perhaps you know me for my mini gold records. I don't think he would've cared It. It is amazing that that is the story you chose to tell from your remarkable career. And I kind of love it. Before we get to our, our, our little game with you, I did want to ask you about something else. In addition to everything else you've done. You have now been called the Queen of Twitter. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You, you, you adopted Twitter and you are very good at it. Thank You. And I'm sure you, I I have no doubt having met you now that you do it yourself.


Here, here are some of your best tweets. We have, we have them here. Here's one from 2021 I just heard about Leonardo DiCaprio's 25 year rule, his loss. You don't know what you're missing. And It's true. It is true. Which brings up another topic. I I found out you were married once that ended in the mid seventies. You never married again. What is it like to be out of everybody's league?


I am having the best time. I I do, I do. However, I just gotta add one more tweet before we move on. This is from 2022 from Ms. Dionne Warwick, the legend. I will be dating Pete Davidson next. Oh, why not? He's dating everybody else. I Know. Dionne Warwick. It is such an honor to talk to you. And we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling. Oh. So that's what friends are for.


That's What friends are for. Obviously one of your greatest signature hits. But as greatest song as it is, it doesn't cover all the things friends are for. So we're gonna ask you three questions about other things that friends do. If you get too right, you'll win a prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Dionne Warwick playing here? Theresa Durkin Of Kansas City, Missouri. Alright, Are you ready for this? I'm ready. First question. Friends are great for helping you move and you probably should call your friends rather than a certain real moving company.


A shattered glass movers in Seattle Washington. B hernia movers in Milwaukee. Or C two guys and no truck movers in Atlanta, Georgia. One of those is real. Well, I don't like the sound of shatter glass at all. No. I have too many valuable pieces. Of course. Okay, so they're out hernia. Yeah. With some of the stuff that I have to move, they would get a hernia. You are Right. Hernia movers. They real. There you go. Wow.


Hernia movers has been helping. That's What I'm talking about. She does. Hernia movers has been helping people move around Milwaukee since 1975. Here's your next question. Another thing that friends are good for is, of course rides to the airport. But it was likely a very bad friend who forgot what that was left at the Dublin airport. Was it a, a tombstone with the inscription? You will always be remembered. Never forgotten Be their friend's car, which they left in long-term parking for so long that it cost a hundred thousand dollars to get it out. Or see their friend who has been living at the airport now for 14 years.


Know. Okay. I think living there. You think so? You think that somebody forgot. Went to the airport to get their friend. Forgot to pick him up and he's just been there for 14 years. 14. The audience. Alright. You don't think I'm right? That's alright. But, But having spent a little time with you, I absolutely respect your confidence here. It's what I should have expected. But it is actually a, the tombstone. Alright, here's your last question. The final thing friends are for is being a wingman that is helping you meet dates when you're out together. Well, one such wingman posted his story on Reddit.


He said his friend got divorced, was really broken up about it. So he took the divorced friend out to a bar to meet some ladies. And then what happened? A, the bartender recognized his friend and called the police to have him arrested for robbing the place. Two weeks earlier, B the wingman introduced the friend to an attractive woman there who turned out to be the friend's ex. Or c the friend kept trying the line on the lady's. He's my wing man. But when you and I get married, he'll be our ring man. Oh, Oh, I know. Yes. Making that face, you can immediately throw out three, I think. Right? Oh, okay. I think it was his ex that he You think it's that one?


Yeah. You are right. That's We go, He says he was chatting up this woman in the bar. He said, Hey, have you met my friend John over here? Yes, she has. Wow. Bill. Bill. How did Dionne Warwick do in our quiz? Oh, you know, she got two, right? I forget the third. Yeah, but that's a winner in our game. They're add that to the list. Dionne Warwick is a six time Grammy winner. She's touring around the globe this year. You can find dates at official Dionne Warwick dot com. Dionne Warwick, Thank You so much for gracing us With your presence.


Legend, everybody. In just a minute. Bill has a warning about an adorable but deadly menace in our listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me. From NPR On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't cried yet. I Guess I thought you might be Like a closet crier. No, I mean, I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it.


Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency at the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast. I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter. She's Really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur.


So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR. From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Paula Poundstone. Josh Goleman and Shantira Jackson. Here again is your host at the Kansas City Music Hall in Kansas City, Missouri.


Peter, Thank You Bill. Thanks Everybody. In just a minute. Bill remembers the 21st night of September in our listener Limerick challenge game. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the weeks news. Paula. There was a trend during the pandemic where friends bought homes together to save money. Now, years later, according to the Wall Street Journal, those people are facing what problem Selling their homes. Well, not exactly eviction. Breaking up. No. Breaking up with whom? Well, they're, They're, they're break, they're breaking up with the, they're not, they're not sharing the home anymore.


They're Why They don't get along anymore. Exactly. Right. It seems like a great idea. Right? There's a horrible idea. You can't afford that lake house getaway in your own, but if you buy it with your friends, you can all afford it. Plus you have to hang out together more. And there's no way Steve's banjo practice will get annoying and you will absolutely get used to the smell of Monica's hamster. Well now many of those people are trying to buy their friends out or get their friends to buy them out before the house gets impossible to sell because of the murders that will happen There.


I think I would be one of those people who was hoping to be bought out because if we did this together, you knew I didn't have any money. Right. I can't buy you out. I could barely buy my way in. She shantara This week, the World Emoji Awards, which is real announced next year's most anticipated emoji. Oh, what is it? Little tacos. Oh, they got that. We got that already. Big taco. Oh. Also It's, it's yet another face. We have faces for happiness.


We have faces to express sadness. The the image will be one of those faces. Yeah. Obviously we're familiar with, and it, we will have like dark circles under its eyes. Oh, Oh, depression. Are we talking about what happens to my face or just everybody? Everybody's face dark circles. Sleep deprived. Yes. Exhausted That piece. The exhausted emoji is coming. Yeah, We need that. Right? It looks like all the other faces, but it's frowning and it's got bags under its eyes basically. That's Also depressed. It is. You can use it for that. There are no rules. Basically it, it looks like your face after a long zoom meeting.


And as we all now know during the entire Zoom meeting, I can't believe it took us this long to get too exhausted. Exhausted is one of my top five emotions. Right. And we have like, it'll be like frowning and blushing for like when someone, when you send someone a nude picture and they don't respond fast enough or, or like smiling with one tear for like when you're watching someone get married on TV and you don't want the people you're with to see that you're weeping while you watch that movie. Other you might be interested in when other emojis are being introduced next year. So get ready, you're gonna get the leafless tree indicating, you know, fall, winter Depression. That's Also depress. Oh, Depression. That one.


Yeah. Yeah. A a a fingerprint. Indicating a clue or toter Depression. Depression, Yes. And a purple splatter indicating you just killed grimace. Well then that's, they're looking for the fingerprint. They're like Exactly. Dusting for clues. Yeah, it's like, like purple splatter fingerprint, you know, smiley face. I got away with murdering grimaces Bags under the eyes. I haven't slept for days. I feel so guilty that I murdered Grimaces Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4.


You can always click the contact us link on our website, Wait Wait dot npr.org. You can catch us most weeks back at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Or come see us in Detroit at the Fox Theater on November 14th. You can also check out the How to do Everything podcast. Where This week Mike and Ian teach you a hiccup cure that once saved my life. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hey, my name's Ryan and I'm from Atlanta, Georgia. Hey, how are things in Atlanta these days? Trying to stay above water at the moment. Yeah, I know it's getting a little rainy there. Well, I hope you avoid the worst of it. What do you do there? I'm A-C-P-A-I work as an accounting manager for an insurance company.


Okay. I'm gonna ask you this. I grew up with the cliche, the stereotype that accountants are boring. Can you disabuse me of that notion right now? I'm not, but the rest are. That's good. Throw those other CPAs under the BUS. Exactly. Ryan, Welcome to the show. Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks, of course with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on just two of the limericks, you'll be a winner. Ready to go? Let's do it. Here's your first Limerick Celebrations. Hit men in the worst way.


We cannot let loose and let mirth play. We love hate the tension and gifts cause real tension. We men can get weird on our Birthday. Birthday. Birthday. Yes. A investigation by GQ Magazine into how men feel about celebrating their birthdays. Finds that they feel super weird about it, to which their girlfriends reply. I've already said I plan it for you. You just have to give me the emails. According to this article, many men feel there's a cultural stigma about asking others to celebrate their birthdays. One man said quote, I feel like there's something in the male straight culture where after your early twenties making a big deal of your birthday is a bit cringe.


Or if the entire Chili's waitstaff just put a sparkler in your, your brownie sundae and are coming over to sing a lot cream. I'm right there with that. I I don't like celebrating my You don't like celebrating Your birthdays? I don't. And I don't like to open presents. I have three packages on my desk right now. Two were gifts last Christmas and another one was a gift from, I don't know, three, four years ago. I, I think I I'm obligated to ask you why not? I just can't open them. I just, I can't give them to me. So wait, I mean I have to say listen Everybody listening, if you wanna send Paula a present, direct it to me.


I love presents. Give me stuff. Even stuff I don't want. I want it. Thank You for that. Thank You. I got You. Alright Ryan, here is your next limerick. My thoughts sometimes feel like a threat blitz, but with video games I'll reset this to avert mental shocks. I will turn and stack blocks. My doctor says I should play Tetris. Tetris. Yes. Researchers in Sweden may have found a mental health miracle. Patients who focused on a traumatic memory and then played Tetris for just 20 minutes had their number of intrusive thoughts dropped by 86%.


Wow. It's true. If 20 minutes of Tetris helps your wellbeing that much, just imagine what 14 hours of playing Candy Crush in the toilet can do for You. When this is, this is true. When I was a little kid we had just gotten a Nintendo and my, it was my dad would stay up really late playing Tetris and I could hear the music through my bedroom door and I would fall asleep to the Tetris music and I would have these dreams every night that I was falling and spinning and Spinning And falling. So you're Paul po. Your trauma is Tetris. Is Tetris. Yeah. So Maybe you should play some Tetris. Alright Ryan, here is your last limerick By the river. I was a slow trotter till I passed by that fiend in the water.


Don't trust the sweet eyes of those furry wet guys. My friends, I've been mulled by an wow otter. Yes Otter. Over the past month there have been increasing reports of otters attacking humans. Seemingly without provocation. They've been talking To the whales. Exactly. The ORs are like Guys, you can get 'em. They're soft inside. It's scary to get ambushed by a wild animal. But did you know that otters will hold hands while they're mulling you? It's so cute. Otters may look friendly.


Right. But they actually have very sharp teeth in claws. And fun fact, their fur is so thick and dense. It's the perfect hiding spot for a knife. I feel. I feel like any cute animal must have some method of attack. Right? Whether it's claws or poison. 'cause they look like to us, they look cute to a bigger animal. They look, I bet they look delicious. Right? So you gotta be able to, they've gotta like be able to scrap one at a time comes to you if you Were really messed up by an otter, right? Yeah. What would you tell people? Nothing. That's so embarrassing. Embarrassing. So Embarrassing. A orca like, yeah. Yeah. That's cool. That's cool. They're doing a remake of West Side Story and one of the gangs is named the Otters.


They just slapped the tails. Yeah. Yeah. Alright Bill, how did Ryan do in our quiz? I Don't know how he did it, but he was perfect. Wow. Congratulations Ryan. Thank You guys. Thank You. At NPRs pop culture happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide.


Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR. When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at enter.com/npr.


Now it's time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Josh and Shantara each have two. Paula was hot tonight. She's got three. Alright, So Josh and Shantara, you're tied. Shantara. I'm gonna arbitrarily choose you to go first so the clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Thursday, hurricane Helene made landfall in blank Florida. Right. Months after being disbarred in New York, former Trump attorney blank was disbarred in DC Giuliani. Yes. This week President Zelensky visited the White House to ask for continued aid for the war in blank Ukraine.


Right. On Monday, the FDA approved an at-home blank vaccine flu. Yes. While preparing for a house sale, an appraiser opened a dusty file cabinet and found blank inside chicken Nuggets. One, one of the first ever copies of the US constitution On same thing on Monday, three astronauts successfully returned from the blank Space Station. Yes. Of the astronauts that did return to earth blank of them were the ones stranded there by Boeing two. No. None of them. Yeah, they're still up there. A 14-year-old boy in the UK was spared prosecution This week because blank.


He tweeted, please Don't. No, he was spared criminal prosecution because his parents were already really mad at him. The boy was one of over 1200 people arrested in a series of riots in England this summer, but prosecutors decided, quote, the wrath visited on that child by his parents was enough unquote. You know it's one thing to get arrested, it's rougher when your mom says to the police, wait, you're not going to tase him and give me that bill. How did chant do in our quiz? Five. Right? 10 more points total to 12. Put gen Tara in the league. Alright, Josh, My friend.


Alright Josh, you are up next. Please fill in the blank. On Thursday, Israel rejected a US backed ceasefire deal with blank Lebanon. Right. On Tuesday the Senate passed a bill guaranteeing Donald Trump and Kamala Harris the same level of blank protection as a sitting president. Secret service. Right. This week Thailand officially ratified a law legalizing same-sex blank marriage. Right. On Wednesday, a bankruptcy judge approved the auction of Info Wars. The website owned by blank. Alex Jones. Right This week, United Airlines offered a woman a $50 travel voucher after she complained that her feet were freezing during her flight because of blank. The the window was open Almost a hole in the floor of the plane on Tuesday.


The CDC warned that a new blank variant is now on the rise. Covid. Right. Saying that it can't afford their upkeep. A zoo in Finland announced it would return thereto blanks to China. Pandas. Right This week a woman in Canada is disputing an $8,000 bill from Avis contesting the company's claim that she blanked during her three day car rental. Smoked in the car. No. That she drove that car 30,000 miles for the rental company's claim. To be true that she drove 30,000 miles, the woman would've had to drive 400 miles per hour, 24 hours a day for those three straight days. That said, $8,000 to drive across the entire world in a rental car seems pretty cheap.


Bill, how did Josh do in our quiz? He's Coming up hard six, right? 12 more points. 14 puts him I two in the league. Alright, and how many then does Paula Poundstone need to win? Six to win. Paula, Here you go. Paula. Lot. Lot of pressure though. This Is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, congress approved a spending plan to temporarily avert, Hey, blank Government shutdown. Right. On Monday, governor Newsom signed a law banning blank at California Grocery stores. Plastic. Yes. Plastic bags. Right. This week striking airplane mechanics rejected a final contract offer from blank. I don't know Boeing.


Yes. On Monday, NFL Hall of Famer, Brett Favre revealed he had been diagnosed with blank Parkinson's, right? Yeah. According to a study, one third of adults suffer from a blank deficiency Iron. Right? On Thursday the A's played their final game at the Coliseum in blank Oakland. Right. According to the New York Post, new footage suggests that what we have long thought was the Lochness monster is actually blank. It's a garden host? No, Two lochness monsters. Oh Wow. Wow. According again to the New York Post, new footage clearly shows two C monsters occupying Scotland's Loch Ness at the same time. Yeah. If that were not shocking enough, the Post also has a new investigative report showing that Bigfoot is actually just three small foot standing on each other's shoulder.


Bill did Paula Poundstone do well enough to win six? Right? 12 more points. Total of 15 gives to the win. Paul Paula, There it happens. This is A breakthrough Coming up. Our panelists will predict what will we discover when we land on the mini moon? But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago, an association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goca writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Norm Boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey and Blythe Roberson.


Peter Gwen is president of the Dionne Warwick Fan Club. Our vibe curator is Emma Choi. Technical direction is from Lorna White. Her CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel? What will we find on the mini moon? Shantira Jackson. Lots of flags 'cause aliens have already done it. Josh Goleman. Oh, You think we're gonna land on this moon? Wake up Peter and Paula Poundstone. Alice Cramden. And if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it.


On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks also to Shantira Jackson, Paul pso. Josh, do thanks To the staff and crew at the Kansas City Music Hall and everyone at KC You are Kansas City. Thanks to our fabulous audience here who came out to see Us In Kansas City. Thanks for all of you for listening wherever you might be. As you hear me, I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back with you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms apply.