
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and NDBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Sink your teeth into me, North Carolina. I'm your hot and saucy. Build the cube. I am Bill Curtis. And here is your host at Deepak in Durham, North Carolina, Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You all so much. We are delighted to be back in Durham, a place known for, polite and kind southern gentleman, just like the Jason Isaacs character in the White Lotus.


Later on we're gonna be talking to the comedian Lewis Black famous for his back in Black rant on the Daily Show and for playing anger itself in Inside Out. And also a proud graduate of the University of North Carolina. I know that's a little surprising, but that's why he sometimes shouts at people in a drawl. We wanna hear your delightful regional accent. Give us a call to play our games. The number is one Triple eight 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. That's one triple eight. Wait, Wait. Now let's welcome our first listener contestant. Hi you Ron. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hey Peter. This is Tim calling from Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, right outside of the greatest city in the world, Philadelphia.


Okay. I'm, I'm glad you clarified 'cause I wasn't quite sure what you were gonna say. Philadelphia, Swarthmore, I know. Famous for its college. What do you do there? Correct? I So you don't work at Swarthmore, but I work in higher ed communications at another local university. Oh, really? So you live in Swarthmore where Swarthmore College is, but you're like to hell with you when you work for somebody else. You got that right. You know, sometimes you just got to get away. Yeah, I understand. Rebel, why don't you? Yeah. Well, welcome to the show, Tim. Let me introduce you to our panel This week first. He's a comedian, you can see at the Wall Comedy Club in Bakersfield, California on May 3rd. It's Alonzo Bodden. Hello sir. Hello Lonzo. How are you? I'm good.


How are you doing Next? He's a comedian in the host of the five o'clock somewhere News on Instagram, and he'll be opening for W Kamal Bell at Chicago's Den Theater on April 26th. It's Adam Burke. Hello. Hi Adam. Good to talk to you. And she's a comedian. You can see on tour in Honolulu, April 25th, Nashville May 2nd, and St. Louis on May 3rd. It's Dulce slow. Hello. Don't say It's the me. Tim, welcome to the show. You, of course, are gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill, as he always does, is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can can correctly identify or explain two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose in your voicemail.


Are you ready to go? Let's do It. Let's, your first quote is about a university's response to threatened funding cuts. It's like Goliath versus Goliath. That was a comment in the New York Times article about what university that, to many people's surprise, is standing up to the government. Woo. Harvard. Harvard, Yes. The Trump administration is trying to yank $2 billion in funding from Harvard after that university refuse to cave to their demands. Harvard's stance does seem brave, but like all Harvard students, if they lose their funding, their dads can take care of it.


Were you guys surprised to see Harvard taking the stance? I Don't know if I was surprised. Considering $2 billion to Harvard is like, what, 20 bucks? Yeah. You know, They're like, yeah, we'll, we'll go through the couches, we'll get the spare change, we'll cover the 2 billion. Now Harvard, of course, they had the, the advantage of having an example of what happens if you do cave, which is what Columbia University did recently. Now Columbia I know, but they're paying for it now. They are required to devote most of their research to studying if the water is making us gay. And, And well, we'll find out. Research takes time. I have to say, personally it is, it is so exciting to see people finally rooting for Harvard.


This is a change. I actually wore my Harvard t-shirt out in public the other day, and instead of people shouting, Hey, jackass, they yelled, way to go jackass. Wow. I, I can't believe you figured out a way to work out to include that. You went to Harvard into that sentence. Well, that, that was so Deft. Well, I mean, I've been doing that for years, but now for the first time ever, I may not get mocked for it. So I, How could I resist? Alright, here is your next quote. We're gonna put the ass in astronaut. That was pop star Katie Perry talking about her trip where This week with a crew of other women Into space.


Into space. Yes. Jeff Bezos's, rocket Company, blue Origin, launched the first ever all female crew into space This week, including Perry and Bezos's fiance Lauren Sanchez. It was an inspiring moment for women, including little girls everywhere who now know that you can do anything if you have a rich boyfriend, Which is what I've been trying to teach these girls. People are criticizing, you know, this 11 minute flight up and back for being like just a dumb PR stunt. But it is a step forward for women in space. Think about it, the last time a woman went to space, they left her there for 11 months.


I have to say, Peter, as a, as a comic, when we do shows, the worst thing is when a bachelorette party walks in, you're just, this is gonna be, and this now the whole country gets to see why we don't like bachelorette parties. This was just a giant bachelorette party. Look how rich we are. We're gonna fly to space for 11 minutes, then we're gonna come back and get drunk. And they, yeah. Well, isn't that the issue? Because that's the problem that people said when they said like, this is feminism and inspiration. If they just called it space brunch, nobody would've care. You know what I mean? It's just zero g karaoke. It would've been fine. I know, I, I should say by the way, that some of the, some of the commentary about this seems a little sexist, so I just wanna say for the record that I also thought it was stupid when Michael Strahan went up there, Hey, hey, hey, hey, get off my boy Strahan now.


Oh, I did know at one point they're up there and they're, you know, they're all taking selfies and someone gets their attention goes, Hey everybody, look at the moon. Let's look at the one thing we can already see from the earth. But they were marginally closer, you know? Yeah. I should say that. Onboard this ship were Lauren Sanchez, Gail King, Katy Perry, and two women with bad publicists. Ah, Could you imagine being in the and more on the bottom of this article? No, it definitely seemed like a crew that was picked by guys, you know, in the Blue Origin boardroom saying, okay, what celebrity deaths could our company recover from?


Wow. First straight hand. Now, Gail King out, dare you. Also, Gail King was defending this and she said, you know, she said, look, this is actually, this is science and this trip proves that we, one of the things that Blue Origin is trying to do is show that we can shoot waste products in the space, space, space. Yeah. Which feels like a bit of a self owned, A little bit. A little bit. Alright, your, your last quote is a description of a particular vacation resort outside New York City. It's like summer camp, except with a really fancy bed in premium craft cocktails Right now, that resort was appealing to the growing number of vacationers who were trying to recreate trips from when, Bless you.


Their childhood. Yes, their childhood. Very good. Tim. People are setting out to recreate their childhood vacations. It's a trend. The Hilton hotel chain in their newsletter is calling Time Travel, and they say it is about recapturing the sense of joy, stability, and comfort. Those memories are built on unquote memories. Like the time your sister bit you in a motel. Six vintage vehicles are also back. This is true. That sounds amazing. I'd give anything to, once again, ride completely unrestrained in the back of a Chevy Capris station wagon Are again, are these people who had nice childhoods? That is my supposition.


Yes. But the other part of this is that your family's not there. That's the other part of a childhood vacation is that you went with your Family. I mean, I mean, urns are pretty transportable. Okay. This is True there. There's a lot of nostalgia for like old school style travel. So like, they brought back the PanAm Airline brand for like charter trips, so you can fly PanAm again and, and for Extrover solitude, one third of the flights will be hijacked to Cuba. What word did you just Say? Ver militude. That's that Harvard panel. That's Harvard, yeah.


In case Trump is listening. Realness Bill, how did Tim do in our quiz? He gave us A great start. Three and Oh, well done, Tim. Thanks Peter. Bye-bye. Right now, panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news, Alonzo, the drugs we take often pass into drains, toilets, and then into rivers and lakes. And it turns out that anti-anxiety drugs are doing what to wild salmon Stopping them from spawning.


No, it's sort of affecting their behavior, This woman downstream. Oh, How about a hint? I'll give you a hint. If you see a salmon riding a motorcycle without a helmet, now you know why They're daredevils around. Yeah, it makes them Reckless. Reckless. Wild salmon scientists wanted to see what the drugs were putting into the rivers via our wastewater were doing to the fish who lived there. So as an experiment, they dumped a bunch of anti-anxiety meds into the water where some certain salmon were spawning and they found out those salmon ended up being far more reckless than the others. These salmon were like, come on Guys, it's just a Bear. What's it gonna do? Catch us in the air.


What is it? What Is reckless behavior in a fish? Yeah, That's a good question. Is it like, is it like it lets itself get caught because it wants a lip piercing? Something like that. Was This one of 'em schools that lost funding? Oh, can I order Xanax salmon at the restaurant? And is that more, And of course the medicated fish were more likely to make it back upstream to spawn, but as many of us have experienced once they got there, they weren't really interested. Gonna have to Start spilling some Viagra. Yeah, exactly. Coming up our panelists, try some Easter innovations in our bluff The Listener game.


Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bour Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney plus.


This message comes from Grammarly. It's harder than ever to meet the demands of today's job priorities, but 90% of professionals say that Grammarly has saved them time writing and editing their work. Their AI communication assistant can help you communicate more confidently and effectively in just a few clicks. Let Grammarly take the busy work off your plate so you can focus on high impact work. Download Grammarly for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's Grammarly dot com slash podcast.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast every weekday. We bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR,


From NPR and nobody be Easy in Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Alonzo Bodden, Adam Burke and Dulce Sloan. And here get us your host at Deepak in Durham, North Carolina, Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You so much. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page. That's at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, This is Anthony Olivera calling from St.


Louis, Missouri, St. Louis. We love St. Louis despite being from Chicago. We're cool that way. What do you do there? I'm actually a zookeeper Here. Wow. One of the great zoos. Do you get, do you get to work with like the big fun animals like the tigers and lions and stuff? No, I actually work with the insects. You have the, you you work in a zoo for insects. Do you, do they are, are they responsive to your care of the insects? Like when you walk up with leaves, do all the centipedes crawl over and like sit up and beg? No, they, they're, they're really not great for companionship. Okay. But I, I, Well, Anthony, it's nice to have you with us.


You're gonna play the game in which you have to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what's Anthony? Stop Easter. I hardly know her. Easter is this weekend. And if you are sick of the normal Easter traditions, like the Easter Bunny, or wondering what the hell is exactly inside a Cadbury cream egg, there is somewhere a brand new Easter trend on the rise. Or a panel is gonna tell you about it. Pick the one that's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. You ready to apply? Yeah, I'll try my best. All right. First, let's hear from Adam Burke. When Irving Berlin wrote in your Easter bonnet with all the frills upon it back in 1933, little could he have imagined that his rocking ode to vernal military would still resonate with the youth some 90 years later.


But so it is with some of the biggest influencers on social media, not only celebrating the colorful headgear, but making bank doing. So. I first did a shoot of me in a homemade Easter bonnet, as a joke, says, popular instagramer Tabitha Clack, who boasts 2 million followers online when the picks proved a hit, high-end fashion supply company, seems pricey, reached out for a collab as the kids say before long Clack realized she could fit multiple sponsors on a single bonnet with one of her 2023 pieces sporting a bottle of air freshener several candy brands, and a fifth of vodka all artfully attached to her festive crown. This in turn, motivated the competition with rival influencers trying to see how many promotional items they could cram onto their seasonally adored noggins.


I might have overdone it last year, says beauty influencer Skylar Shap, who somehow managed to attach five shoe brands and a compact air fryer onto her East Easter 2024 bonnet injuring her neck in the process undeterred, she plans to return this year with some Tylenol branded haberdashery with matching neck brace. Of course, Easter bonnet influencers on the rise. Your next story in your Easter basket comes from Alonzo Bodden. While Aaliyah Windley of York, Iowa loved clothes, she also loved Jesus. So this year she and her friends, Andrea and Debbie all gave up buying clothes for Lent.


Well, new clothes that is vintage is fine. Now, as Easter years, Leah's lent fashion has started a huge craze. Everybody's wearing the new Easter vintage look around York, and it's not just regular vintage, they've gone Victorian, but apparently the local Cineplex hasn't shown a Christmas carol for a while. So they're guessing how to wear the different items. When Andrea arrived at church in a corset, she was told by the very agitated minister that a corset isn't actually a shirt. Debbie thought her bustle skirt was quite elegant when she put it on, but it was also huge and she lost half of it climbing out of her Uber.


The church elders, while impressed with the young women's efforts, asked that perhaps next year they could give up fruit or chocolate. Instead, Vintage Victorian Easter wear gets popular in Iowa. Your last bunny tail comes from Dulse Sloan. In today's edition of Voting does Matter, cooks and homemakers on the internet are suggesting we die potatoes for Easter because eggs are too expensive. Yes, I said potatoes. It's a move that had one our writer ask, what in a great depression is this? So this year we will celebrate the resurrection of my Lord and Savior by releasing hordes of well-dressed children into a backyard to search for colorful tubers.


There's even a recipe for deviled potatoes too. That's got to be an unsettling experience. You think you're biting into an egg, but no, it's a potato and sure. Dying and decorating eggs is the Easter tradition. But do you know why? No, me neither. Alright, here are your choices from Adam Burke, influencers on Insta and elsewhere taking up the Easter bonnet to show off their paid promotions from Alonzo. A group of ladies in Iowa go all Victorian in their Easter wear or from Dulce because of the price of eggs.


More and more people are hiding Easter potatoes on the lawn for their kids to find which of these is the real story of a new trend in Easter. I'm gonna go with Dulces story about diet Potatoes, dying potatoes. You're choosing Dulce story. Well, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to someone who is familiar with it. Potato skin is not the same color as egg shells, Which is part of the reason that they're not a good substitute. That was Amanda MCIs, the associate editor of Deli, who commented on the real story of potatoes being used in place of Easter eggs.


She doesn't recommend it. Neither do we. However, Anthony, you got it right. Dulce was telling the truth. She gets a point. You win our prize. The voice of your choice on your voicemail. Well done. Thank You. Thank You. And now the game where we have local celebrities on to answer questions about things that are far away. Now, you might know Lewis Black is one of the most successful comedians of the last 30 years, or from his comedy specials or from his back in black segments on the Daily Show, or from his role playing the actual embodiment of rage in the inside out movies. But did you know he's a proud university of North Carolina alumni?


We are happy to welcome him back to the place where he learned his gentil manners. Lewis Black, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Well, Thank You. It's a great to have you. It's great to be here. So you are very well known and have been for a long time for your rants, for being, getting angry and upset about things. Was that something you did from the beginning or did you discover it one day? I discovered it. I mean, and I really, I wasn't angry on stage. I, I realized that I was suppressing the anger. Yeah. Finally, as I was rolling along a FAA friend of mine, another comic came up who was, and he said, you know, you're, you are really angry and you should let it come out.


You should go on stage and yell everything. And he said, I'm on stage yelling all the time and nothing that I'm yelling about should anybody be angry about. Right. I mean, this is a guy who put plumber's helpers on his head. And, and so I would, I did it and it literally was, I went, ah, that's It. There You go. And that was So Your life was changed by Gallagher. That's amazing. Who knew? So, I mean, they used to say about Don Rickles who did insult comedy, that he was an absolute sweetheart in real life. Nicest guy you ever met. Is that like you, are you like actually in real life? Not that angry. No. I mean, who could be that angry?


It's exhausting. I thought you actually, I thought you were the best at it. Well, It, I am at, I wake up and either I'm looking at a newspaper, I'm turning the TV on, or I'm looking at my phone and within five minutes, I'm, I'm livid. Something has occurred that has driven me completely nuts. Yeah. I think everybody listening and watching you right now, I've had that experience, but none of us have figured out how to make a living at it. Yeah, Yeah. You don't, you don't work up to it. You don't go like, like, I'm gonna be irked first and then like, slightly annoyed, just straight to rage. Oh yeah. There's no, there's no pedal That, bro, Lou, I don't know if, if I ever told you this and, and to everyone, Lewis Black is a friend and one of my comedy heroes.


I had to stop watching you so I didn't do you because the rants just come out and then you realize like, wow, I'm as mad as Lewis Black. I'm doing really good here. Yeah. I gotta calm down a notch. Why love you man. Love you. From day one. You the same. You, You become, you've become so well known for it and so successful at it. It's what people expect. And I'm wondering if it's ever, if it's ever like hard, if you ever have to like, take a moment, meditate and find your unhappy place. Oh No. Just Always right there. No, I, and I'm sure you've experienced the same. I can be standing off stage talking to somebody about their, like their new dog or Oh, you've got a puppy and kind of be waxing on with them about it.


And then it's like, showtime and literally that's it. Boom. And now we're, we're off. Great. I just started. Wow. There's it just the way it is. I mean, I've been doing it so long, it's automatic. Do do people like, because you're well known and beloved, do people ever come up and go, wow, Lewis Black, hey, condemn me People, People I have achieved something that is so bizarre. They will actually tell me and I can't, can you, you will. They just say, what happens if I say the word That you can do whatever you want because who will know? Go ahead. Yeah. Okay. So they will say, could you write, could you gimme an autograph for my brother-in-law and just write Tommy?


And it's, I'm like, okay. And I have literally was approached time after time. Can we take a picture? Do do you wanna do this? Yeah, let's do this. It's true. Yep. The radio listeners a rude gesture was made. See, and that's the professional note that they're not gonna have, The one thing that we found out about you that I was genuinely surprised by is that you have been the paid spokesman for Aruba, the island of vacation destination. Yeah. God bless. Yeah. That was a great gig. I bet it was. That really was.


But I'm thinking to myself like, what was the process where like some advertising agency said, okay, Aruba, beautiful, lovely laid back. I know Lewis Black. Yeah. The idea was that I obviously hated everything. Yes. But I liked Aruba and reason enough for everyone to get on a plane and go There. I I remember the slogan Aruba gorgeous. So I mean, did it, like, was the idea like it transformed you? So they'd say like, Mr. Black, I'm afraid we've lost your hotel reservation. You can't stay. And you'd be like, okay.


It was really something. And we, but we shot, you know, it was like we shot five ads in like three days. It was a lot. Oh yeah. It was Tough. Three days in Aruba, But it was 110 degrees and get me some sunblock and Does anybody have an umbrella? It's, I'm dying here. I love the idea, like the whole idea of the campaign is that Aruba is so lovely. It can even make Lewis Black happy. And while making these ads, you are in fact miserable. Yes. Yeah. It's genius. It really is. Because he's more Lewis Black than Aruba is Aruba.


Exactly. Well, Lewis Black, what a pleasure to have you here. We have in Yes. It's Yay, We have invited you here to play a game. We are calling Hush. Now stop your ranting and go to sleep. Since You're all about getting riled up, we thought we'd ask you three questions about calming people down. Specifically babies. Yes sir. Seriously. Seriously. So all you have to do is answer two or three questions about shushing and you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might like for their voicemail.


Bill, who is Lewis Black playing for Jolene Dugas of Durham, North Carolina. Alright, First question. Most people of course soothe their babies to sleep with lullabies. And one lullaby written by a father for his own little baby went on to become incredibly famous. Most people know that lullaby as what? A, the theme from Jaws, the theme from Jeopardy or C Sir Mixa Lot's. Baby got back.


BI Can't hear you what I heard. E you think it's C It's it's B, right? It's gotta be the Jeopardy thing. It Is the Jeopardy thing. Yeah. Irv Griffin Wrote it for his son and he went on to create jeopardy. And by virtue of it being used as the theme song for so long, Mr. Griffin earned about $70 million in royalties from it. So, Wow. That's what was the song? What did these what the words? No, there's no words. It's ta ta ta ta. No, They gotta be go to sleep. You little prick.


There has to be words. Now you owe Merv Griffin. 3 million. There are words Now That was very well done. Two more, two more questions here. Lullabies are common around the world, but they change as per different cultures. So for example, a popular lullaby in Brazil has parents singing What to their child. A Someday you will grow up to improve your looks with plastic surgery. B, a monster crocodile is coming to get you. Or C Sir. Mixa lot's baby got back. But In Portuguese It's, it's gotta be the crocodile.


It is the crocodile. Yeah. A lot of it's, apparently a lot of global lullabies threaten babies with terrible outcomes. If they don't quiet down, then I could have had a child. Yeah, You didn't, you would've had a gift Or falling out of a tree. All right, last question to be perfect. There are other ways to soothe babies. In fact, some parents swear by what? Soothing technique. A playing YouTube videos to babies of Jim Cramer's show on C-N-B-C-B playing recordings of the baby's own crying back to them to see how they like it or see placing them comfortably and snugly inside the gallon size Stanley insulated cup.


Wow. Yeah. I think they play the baby crying. You're Exactly right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. The idea is that babies are fascinated by other babies even themselves, even when crying. So it works. Bill, how did Lewis Black do in our quiz? No, Ran about this. He won it all three in a row. Woo. Lewis Black is a comedian, actor and host of the Rand Cast. You can find his tour dates at Lewis Black dot com, including, I should say a date coming up in just a week. Yeah. April 29th I'll be at Memorial Hall at Chapel Hill Lewis Black, Thank You so much for being with us.


Thank You. Thank You. Here In Durham. What a thrill. Thank You. In just a minute, bill Chows down on his Jurassic Lunch. It's our listener Limerick challenge. Call one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me from


NPR. I'm Jesse Thorn. This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, she's Really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR


Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR


having News at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen Now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR


R From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Adam Burke, Alonzo Bodden and Dolce Sloan. And here get as your host at Deepak in Durham, North Carolina, Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a minute, bill insists on reading us some of his latest poems. That's our listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight.


Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Don't say, A lot of people claim they don't have time to exercise 'cause they're too busy doing chores around the house. But a new study suggests you can still get the benefits of exercise by doing what? Dang, it's not that. Not that. Oh, can I get a hint? Go, go Empty the dishwasher. Go stack. Come on. Go. Doing stuff faster. Yes. Doing your chores faster. These sound like the same people that came up with standup desks, Maybe using a dataset to track the daily movements of thousands of people.


They found the people who did not exercise got some of the same benefits just from doing their daily activities faster. So don't just iron your sheets. Iron man, your sheets. Who's ironing sheets? This, this is a great point. This is, Some people do, I bet What They do. Who are these antebellum researchers for irons Know they're heating the irons in the fireplace as one does. Unless you are a really persnickety clan member who is iron. No, this is great. I mean, You know what? They're never wrinkled, They're wrong. See, how do you, that doesn't come naturally.


No. All you have to do is just do everything quickly around the house and you get, is It 'cause it adds more steps? It adds more steps and it stresses your heart. Just like regular, say exercise does, it increases the, like the load. And so you get benefits. That Just sounds like a way to break all of your dishware. Yeah. And should you make things heavier too? Like should you have a Yes, absolutely a broom. You should made it on lead. You should make your bed with a weighted blanket. You should clean your toilet with a brush attached to a 40 pound kettlebell. I'm just, I'm just wondering how big would your house have to be to be able to build up speed doing chores? And if, I mean, if you could afford a house that big, you could get a personal trainer.


That's true. And also someone to do the chores for you. Adam, This week we read about a mathematical formula. BDE equals FAM six plus FR two. And it goes on. It's part of a complicated new equation that calculates the perfect What? I think I know what b, DE is. It's not that. It doesn't that in this case. Okay. In fact, I'll give you the B and the E. It's best D ever. And it's still not what you're thinking of. Oh, is it literally a formula for happiness? Yes. It's the best day ever. It is the formula for the perfect day.


Ah, It's, and here it is. Everybody you've always wanted to know. Didn't Lou, didn't Lou Reed already come up with it? I think He did. Yeah. But the, the formula, 'cause everybody wants to know what the best day ever is. Here it is. Ready. Six hours spent with family, two with friends, two of exercise, less than six hours of work, one hour of eating and drinking and 1.5 hours of extra socializing. This replaces the former perfect day model. Bloody Mary, big lunch, learn something bad happened to your ex in bed by 10. So I'm supposed to believe that the best day ever don't include no sex time.


That's a lie. I'm supposed to believe that hanging out with my mama is better. Wait, Wait, what? Or, or is or is that what lies? Lies? Or is that what they're calling extra socializing? I think actually that is, now that I think of it. Alright, Just making sure I I, I was thinking of asking you Dolce, what your perfect day is, but we have children here. So I mean, listen, my perfect day watching my favorite TV show, having a delicious treat, being in, being at the beach and then adult time. Alright, now express that as a formula where a is adult time. How would it be? Express, MYB, mind your Fear Coming up.


It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air with us, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us if you'd like to come see us most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. Or come see us on the road, be in Portland, Maine on the 26th and 27th of June, and at Tanglewood in western Massachusetts on August 28th. For tickets and information to all of our live shows, go to NPR presents.org. Hi, runway. Wait, Wait, don't tell me Peter, This is Alice. I'm calling from Park City, Utah. Hey Alice, how are you? It's nice to hear from you. I'm good. Park City is great.


I'm sorry, you just lost the film festival or are you sorry about that? Not Really, no. The, the Sundance of course was in Park City and they just moved it away. You don't, you didn't enjoy that. I'm, I'm okay with not having the here. Okay, well welcome to the show Alice Bilker. This is gonna read you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on two of the limericks, who will be a big winner? You ready to go? I am. Alright. Here's your first limerick. I used to crave foods that the swine adore, but now I eat kale with a primal roar with di plaus feasts. My gut health has increased.


Now I chop on raw greens. Like a, Or No, it's a three syllable answer. Oh, carnivore. Oh, so close. Many of these were carnivores, older, very old prehistoric carnivores. Herbivore. Am I just like barking up the wrong tree? A little bit? A little bit. I'm just gonna give you the answer. It's dinosaur. The latest food trend involves eating handfuls of, you know, your kale and lettuce and greens right outta the bag without any toppings or dressing at all. They're calling it dinosaur time, but I'm calling it just giving up. It's so weird.


Dinosaur time. It used to be what you called it when you dated an older gentleman That's called paying your rent. This is a great, no, this is a great way to get your important veggies in because it's so time consuming to make a salad. On the other hand, no it isn't. I just did it while standing here. Here is your next limerick Cords and sockets. Make night rest real sweet. Though I'm still not quite clear on the dets night terrors, I'm shedding by grounding my bedding. I sleep when I plug in my Sheets.


Sheets. Yes, Yes indeed. Companies like down to Ground and Earth and Moon are making headlines for their sheets that you plug into an electrical outlet. Surprisingly, these headlines are not couple murdered by their sheets. Here's how it works. You take these sheets, they got a cable and you plug it just into the grounding plug of your electrical outlet and they say, as your body produces static electricity throughout the night, the sheets ground the electricity and keep you balanced. It's simple and according to the website it's science backed. So it is definitely legit. This is just an electric blanket?


No, This is half an electric blanket. Well, an electric blanket does something. It warms up. Keeps you warm. Yeah. Yeah. Hat This does nothing. These guys make the, my pillow guy seem like Thomas Edison. Really true. Alright, here is your last limerick. When AI learns to translate, we all win under sea clicks and whistles will call in a bottles nose swimmer will be this rounds winner. The limericks won by a Dolphin. Yes, Dolphin. There you go.


Researchers have developed a large language model that will hopefully, eventually use AI to understand the language of dolphins. The lead researcher says the goal would be to one day speak dolphin, which is not going to be pretty knowing dolphins. They're gonna be saying, Hey, you check out that trainer. I'd like to balance his balls on my nose, if you know what I'm saying. I didn't write that. Not me. It was the dolphin. It was the dolphin. It's not me. I didn't write that. Scientists hope that when they deploy this in the wild this season, they can understand dolphin's conversations with one another because that will be an important step toward our next goal.


Blackmailing dolphins. We already, but like we taught, you know, Coco, the gorilla is the prime example of us teaching animals to communicate. Right. And she ain't really have nothing to say because that's the thing that y'all keep, forget we be trying to talk to these animals. Maybe they don't wanna talk to us. Have you met us? I don't. I I I feel the other way about it. Right? I don't want to, I don't want to talk to a dolphin. I don't trust anyone that smiles all the time. Yeah. Bill, how did Alice do in her quiz? Alice Will be swimming with the dolphins two out of three. Right? Is a Win. Congratulations, Alice.


Thank You. Take care. Thank You. Take care. Bye now. Bye bye. When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time.


Travel with us every week on the Throughline podcast from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss.


And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR. Now it's time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds image to answer as many fill in the blank questions as they can each. Quick answer. Now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Adam has one. Alonzo has two. Dol say has four Dol say you're clearly in the lead. Alonzo is in second and Adam is in third place. So Adam, we start with you. Here we go. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, a federal judge threatened to open a contempt inquiry against the blank Trump administration. Exactly. On Tuesday, researchers in Texas said funding cuts have slowed that state's response to the blank outbreak.


Measles. Right. On Thursday, the Supreme Court said they'd hear arguments on Trump's plan to end birthright blank citizenship. Right. On Monday, the FAA announced plans to test a new system made to detect unregistered blanks. Drones. Right This week, authorities in Kenya caught two teens trying to smuggle blank outta the country. Four Giraffes, No 5,000 ants. On Thursday, NASA confirmed that the James Webb telescope has detected a possible sign of blank on a distant planet life. Right? On Wednesday, a judge dismissed a lawsuit against the New Orleans blanks for their use of a Flir de Lee Saints. Yeah, the Saints, after his wife explained that money was tight and they couldn't afford their annual family holiday.


A man in the UK came up with an ingenious solution and blanked Took him on the vacation he had when he was a kid. No, He, He, He booked the vacation anyway with the kids, but not his wife. His wife said that this extensive house renovation they had just done meant they wouldn't have the money to all go on vacation. The husband said, I guess you're right. Went ahead and booked one for him and the kids and not her. It's a, it's a really smart financial decision because from now on, he'll never have to worry about going on vacation with his wife ever again or even living with her bill. How did Adam do with our quiz? I think he did rather well. He's way out in front six, right?


12 more points total to 13 than the league. Alright, Alonzo, you are up next. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, the White House confirmed tariffs of up to 245% on some products from blank China, right on Tuesday. Blank. It gave his first public remarks. Since leaving office Biden, right This week, officials in Puerto Rico said the cause of an island wide blank is still unclear black eye. Right? On Tuesday, two attendees at Blank's Town Hall were tased with stun guns. Marjorie Taylor Greene. That's right. According to new data, millions of people in Sweden are currently glued to their TVs watching blank hockey, watching 24 hour live coverage of this year's moose migration.


On Tuesday, director Chris Columbus said he wishes he could remove blank's. Cameo from home alone. Two Trump. Right? This week a woman went viral because she refused to take off a zoom filter that made her face look like a plate of breakfast during blank. A meeting. Well specifically she refused to stop using that filter that made her face look like a plate of breakfast during a job interview. Doing it over Zoom, she left the breakfast filter on entirely. Her eyes superimposed over fried eggs, her mouth on a slice of toast. She explained to the somewhat confused interviewer that she was quote not feeling well today and using the filter to help. That's one way to be memorable.


She was not. That's how You get a job at Waffle House. Yeah. Bill, How did Alonzo do in our quiz? Well, he's making it a very close race. Five rights, 10 more points, but his 12 is one short of Adam. Alright, Well how many then does Dul say need to win the game? Five to win. Here we go. Dolce, this is for the game. They're on your side. Here we go. Hey, on Tuesday, mark Zuckerberg took the stand at an antitrust trial to defend his company. Blank Facebook. Yeah, meta, but Facebook as well. According to a new study, blanking faster could reduce risk of abnormal heart rhythms. Breathing faster, Walking faster.


This week an election debate in Canada was delayed two hours so that it didn't interrupt blank. Happy. Right. On Monday, the Vatican announced they were putting architect Antony Gaudi on the path to Blank Hood Sainthood. Right. This week Twinkies announced that they were now shifting their marketing away from families and towards blank Single men, No stoners, Single men. Twinkies is embracing its destiny and going right for the stoners. They announce the creation of the Munchie mobile, which will tour the country's dispensaries and hand out free snacks to the customers there.


It's like the Oscar Meyer Wienermobile. If the Wienermobile kept forgetting to pickets little brother up from middle school, Bill Did Dul say do well enough to win? He got Four, right? Eight more points. 12. That means she's one behind the Irishman who wins. Wow. Berg. There you go. In just a minute. Now that we know people are recreating their childhood vacations, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict what will be the next surprising vacation trend. But first, let me tell you all, Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and W be Easy Z Chicago In association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord.


Philip Ika writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane o' Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew here at Deepak as very special thanks to everyone at WNC BJ Litman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Grobo and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Vinnie Thomas and Monica Hickey missing Peter Gwynn. Do not chase reward if found. Our jolly good fellow is Hannah Anderson and Ma Choi is our vibe curator, technical Directionist from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller, our production managers Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chill and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me it's Michael Danforth. Now panel. What will be the next vacation trend? Alonzo Bodden Walking 'cause no one can afford to fly Adam Burke.


Jeff Bezos is gonna unroll Blue Origin Economy where it's a square shaped capsule with it's just Amazon delivery driver just become and Amazon delivery driver. Don't say Sloan IG Baddies are going to the Poconos instead of Miami because the Poconos sound like islands. And if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it on Wait, don't tell Me. Thank You Bill Curtis, thanks also to Adam Lonzo boat and don't say Sloan. Thanks to our fabulous audience here in Durham, North Carolina. Thanks to all of you for listening, wherever you might be. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week.


This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together over on the NPR Politics podcast.