
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Insperity, providing HR services and technology from payroll benefits and HR compliance to talent development. Learn more at insperity.com/hr matters.


From NPR and WB EEC Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Do I smell clam chowder? No. It's just my rich and creamy voice. I'm Bill Curtis, And here as your host at the Box Center, Wang Theater in Boston, Massachusetts. Peter Takeoff. Thank You, bill. Thank You Boston, and Special to be back. We have a great show for you today. Later on, we're gonna be joined by baseball legend Jim Rice. Yes. 50 years after he helped lead the Boston Red Sox to the World Series as a rookie, he now offers TV commentary on the current team.


So just to be fair, we're gonna have the Red Sox starting infield to join us to critique his performance after he plays not my job, but first it is your turn to swing for the fences. Give us a call to play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Hi, you Ron. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, my name's Jennifer and I'm in Kansas City, Missouri, Kansas City. We love it there. What do you do there? I was the assistant director at a public library. Yes, public librarians. The true bad asses that we need. That's a great thing to do. You guys are under a lot of pressure, but I've never met a librarian who wilted under that kind of assault.


No, we've been, we've been pretty strong. It's all right. Well, welcome to the show, Jennifer. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First. She's a comedian, headlining at the lounge at the DC improv. July 11th to 13th, A proud Boston College graduate. It's Joyelle Nicole Johnson. Hey, Jennifer. Next. He's the co-host of the HIT podcast. Nobody listens to Paula Poundstone and it's new sister show. Dear Crinkle, it's Tufts alumni, Adam Felber. Hey Jennifer. And a comedian who will be performing at the Wilbur Theater in Boston on October 3rd, and at the MGM National Harbor Casino on October 4th.


Somebody who went to college in a less enlightened city. It's Moz Joe Bronny. Hi Jennifer. So Jennifer, welcome to the show. You, of course, are gonna play Who's Bill this time? Bill Curtis, standing before us here is gonna read for you three quotations from the weeks news. Your job, explain or identify just two of them. Do that. You will win our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose in your voicemail. Are you ready to play? I'm ready. Here we go. Here is your first quote. I love a deal, but I'll pass on a leg workout at 40,000 feet. That was a traveler responding to the news that airlines, after threatening it for years, are finally going to begin offering what cost saving seeding innovation next year.


Oh, like the won't recline. Oh, It's worse than that. Seats. Nobody said anything about sitting. Okay, so they're stand standing Standing seats and airlines are coming. Oh God, yes. Finally, a solution for that problem of spilling hut coffee in your lap and an airplane. No more lapse at first. This will be offered as an ultra low budget option for people in short flights across Europe. And a lot of people, you know, won't mind standing for a little while to save a hundred dollars or more. And of course, no airplane flight has ever taken longer than it was supposed to. So, no worries. So what usually they get upset when you stand?


Yes. They go sit. Yes. So now they're gonna be like, stand, Don't sit. Stand, Stand. Yes. Stand. And then, and then they, they police your angle. Sir. That's 90 degree. No, 45. 45, sir. Just, Just flight attendants coming up and down the aisle with a protractor. That'll Be great. What are they gonna call the slots? Sorry. They're gonna call 'em stand. Oh, no, you, you, you, you know how these people work. These seats will be called sky riders. Sky Riders. Sky riding makes it sound like fun. It's like a roller coaster, except it lasts an hour. And if it does a thrilling loop to loop, you're in trouble. The idea is you have sort of a seat back and a seat belt, but instead of sitting down, you lean back and put some of your weight on a quote, half standing saddle style perks.


It's sort of like a padded bicycle seat. Wow. You know? But people think it can't get worse than that. But they haven't experimented with stacking Yet. That's true. My people would beg to disagree. Wow. So they'll be called standing seats for taller people, crouching seats in case of a rough landing. Domino seats. Wonder if you stood on one foot, if they'd give you a discount, be like, yeah, they'll be taking up less space. Alright, here is your next quote. Am I hot or not? The Washington Post reports that people are asking that age old question.


To what? New technology. AI chat. GPT? Yes. Chat. GPT. Apparently people want the unvarnished truth about how they look unaffected by things like kindness or empathy. So they're asking AI to tell them these are all true chat. GPT told one user who asked that they needed tooth whitening, another, that their eyebrows were thinning and another that they were a five, but could go to a seven with the help of makeup and fillers. Geez. I mean, if you really wanna be told you're ugly, you just post that question on Instagram. And that's true.


They'll tell you Yes. You don't even have to ask. Real people will tell you. Yeah, I don't need chat. PPT. My mother will tell me, you Know, My mother once told me I was gaining weight while I was eating pasta in Paris. Really? Yeah. I flew her there. First class. Wait a minute, you flew My mama To Paris. Yes. First class. Yes. You get there, you go to some fabulous restaurant and some great Parisian neighborhood. It looks great. You order food and she says You need to work on your weight. Oh God. And I was like, that's why you don't have any grandkids.


Here is your last quote. It can give you the ick, but it won't make you sick. That was the Washington Post on new research that finds a classic party foul actually doesn't spread germs. So when you're near the dip, it's okay to do what? Double dip. Double dip. Yes. Researchers at Clemson University have found that double dipping, your chip does introduce bacteria into the dip, but it is unlikely to make anyone else sick. So if you are annoyed by people standing there, double dipping, just waiting until they double dip, you catch them, they stare right at you and say, Clemson says it's fine.


Who, who's I? Chips are like a one bite thing. Do you guys take multiple bites of your chips? Well, Yeah. Really Sure. Just finish it, dip and eat and go. Well, the the the back end doesn't have any dip on it. Exactly. So you, you have a little bite and then you turn it around. And the dip that you were holding, the end that you were holding, you dip that in. Oh yeah. I live by a mantra, Peter. Yes. We cannot double dip if we don't kiss on the lips. Oh, oh. Yeah. Now further research, these Clemson guys apparently are on it. They showed that not all dips were equal. High acidity dips. Like salsa held less bacteria. Yeah. Than low acidity dips like cheese.


Good to know. Safest of all was the sour cream and bleach dip. Yeah, that one's very sanitary. You know, I, I mean the Trump administration is cutting money from cancer research. Yeah, but they're funding chip. Oh no. RFK Junior asked for this specifically because, You know, He's been doing it his whole life. I am not going near a bowl that he dipped in even single dip. So they tested all these dips, they dipped a chip in, they Dipped a chip in, and they tested. They assumed that dips don't lie. Yep. Oops. Don't lie. I wonder. Clemson should ask chat GPT if this is a good study and see what chat GPT says like, you need to lose weight.


Lay off the dip. Anyway, You off the dip, dude. Bill, how did Jennifer do in our quiz? She did great. Gotta give her three in a row. Well done, Jennifer. Thank You. Thanks so much for playing and take care. Thank You. Bye Bye-Bye. Right now, panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Joelle, this fall, more and more colleges will be offering special instructional courses after finding the vast number of incoming students don't know how to do what? Oh, right. Like penmanship. Well, I'm gonna give it to you because the answer is pretty much anything.


They don't know how to Do Anything. So universities more and more are offering courses on basic life skills because their students don't have any. So they'll offer classes and things like how to pay rent and navigating a grocery store. And how yellow should a pillow get before you worry? I'm still Working on that one. The kids actually, they love this. They love this. One student in Toronto said quote, I don't know how to change a tire. I don't know how to sew. I don't know how to do a lot of things other than cooking said the student who almost certainly also doesn't know how to cook. You know, this is important though because like life skills, I wish I had gotten a class on taxes.


We never got the tax class, we never got the mortgage class, we never got that when I was in high school. It's like, I don't care about the periodic table. I don't wanna get audited. The four, the 401k class. Right, right. What about the 401k Class? But also this generation now they just do everything on their phone. Like they don't even go grocery shopping. It's Instacart. Everything's on. So to your point, like they haven't had to do anything. Just they press a button and someone does it for them. So yeah. So you're, you're, you're speaking about the kids these days. Kids these days. Yeah. Am I that old? Yeah. Oh, that old. Have you, have you Found any of these kids on, on your lawn? And do you wish them to leave mosque Every day?


Peter, every day. But, you know, but it has existed as a problem for a long time. I, I'm sure I'm not the only person here who's had a roommate that could have used a a course in showering 1 0 1. True. Yeah. And, and you know what? Chat GPT can't tell you if you smell Right now, these are offered as extracurricular classes, not for credit, but pretty soon they'll be granting degrees. Right. Imagine all the proud parents watching their kids graduate with a Summa cu laude in laundry studies. I, I tell, I've taught my kids to do laundry and I always, I have them fold. I have 'em do everything. And I say, I always say to 'em, I go, guys, it's not that I can't do it, I want you to learn how to do it. But the truth is, I really don't wanna do it. Exactly.


And do you say that sitting in your armchair flicking through the TV channels All the time, it's very good for you. It's very good for you guys. I could vacuum, but I want You, you to learn how to vacuum. Coming up our panelists, get lovesick in our bluff The listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me. From NPO,


This message comes from Capella University. The right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success and are there for you every step of the way. Whether you're working on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get the dedicated help you need. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you with one touch in-app scheduling, pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up@rinse.com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from Capital One. Your business requires commercial banking solutions that prioritize your long-term success with Capital One. Get a full suite of financial products and services tailored to meet your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at capital one.com/commercial member FDIC


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Moz Joe Bruni, Adam Felber, and Joyelle Nicole Johnson. And here we get the show host at the Wang Theater in Boston, Massachusetts. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thank You everybody. Once again, it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait.


Don't tell me. Hi. How are you? I'm well. Who's this? This is Aaron Bird calling from Des Moines, Iowa. Des Moines, Iowa is a fabulous place. We're going there later this summer. What do you do there? I'm a butcher's assistant. You are a butcher's assistant. I mean, does a butcher's assistant stand there while the butcher lake reaches for tools like Cleaver? Cleaver, Cleaver? You know, sometimes yes, but usually I take the pieces and arrange them on a tray for display or I put them in a bag to be Vacuum sealed or something like that. It's like a puzzle. Aaron, it's nice to have you with us. You're gonna play our game in which you have to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Aaron's topic?


Romance Gone Wrong. A lot of things can go wrong during an attempted romantic gesture of forgotten allergy poorly worded card. To whom it may concern. Happy anniversary. Our apparently is gonna tell you about a well-intended moment between lovers gone awry. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Yes, I am. Here we go. Your first story comes from Adam Felber. Despite their wealth, young tech millionaires, Vikram Anan and Betty Wolsky had a small Bay Area wedding. But last week after the ceremony, Betty surprised Vik with a gigantic reception that pulled out all the stops.


She flew 35 members of his family in from India and staged a party straight out of a Bollywood spectacular, a tent festooned with 5,000 marigolds, a 20 piece swing band, and made her grand entrance on an elephant, which is when things went wrong. Bettina turned out to be an amateur mahut at best, and the elephant she'd rented was a rescued circus performer whose one trick turned out to be picking up performers with her trunk, which she promptly did as Betty attempted to dismount and then attempted to do the same to several other bridesmaids before fleeing with her trainer, knocking down two poles, causing the massive tent to collapse on the entire party. Vikram for his part was philosophical.


Quote, she didn't really stage an accurate Indian wedding party, but the way it ended in total disaster like that for my family, that was right on point. A trained elephant at a wedding does what it was trained to do and ruins the wedding. Your next red hot mess comes from Joyelle Nicole Johnson. Nothing says I love you. Like a bed covered in rose petals, diamond bracelets, or potato chips. This week, news broke worldwide about a husband named Johnny who tried to surprise his wife Rachel, with a romantic gesture. He loves her and she loves chips. So for her birthday, he took her to exotic Blackpool Lancashire and asked the hotel staff to cover the bed in 30 bags of assorted potato chips.


For his crisp loving battle acts, he assumed they knew he meant to keep the chips in the bag. However, A confused staffer who must have thought they had some type of fetish, misunderstood the request and opened the bags of chips and poured them all over the bed. Upon entering the room, Rachel thought they were the victims of a cartoonish break-in. As she ate a few of the chips off the bed, he sheepishly explained his intention and they got one of the best laughs of their relationship. And Johnny learned a valuable lesson when making a request to never assume clarity. Because when you assume you make an ass out of you, me and the hotel Staff, A romantic evening ends in an unexpected crunch on a bed of chips.


Your last I love you snafu comes from Moz Jobrani. Thaddeus Johnson from Melbourne Australia decided to surprise his wife for her birthday by hiring a Bee Gee's cover band to serenade her with her favorite songs. But once the band started singing, Johnson quickly realized that the spelling of the band's name B-E-J-E-E-Z-B Gees meant they were a Christian be gees cover band who changed the lyrics of Be Gees songs. To make them more quote Jesusy Johnson said, I knew something was off when they started singing. Oh, Oh, oh, Oh, he's log, he's a log.


I, I'm like, who's alive? What are they talking about? Johnson's wife was confused at first. Was he trying to romance her or convert her? Not sure. Not sure how to react. She asked herself, what would Jesus do? So she took her glass of water and turned it into wine and sat back to enjoy the rest of the performance. Alright, Let's review your choices. Was it from Adam Felber? An elephant hired for a traditional Indian wedding turned out to be trained and trained in the wrong way. From Joyelle Nicole Johnson, somebody who wanted to celebrate their wedding or their romantic evening with their wive's favorite snack chips ended up lying down in a bed filled with them.


Or from Moz Jobrani. An Australian couple gets their romantic evening ruined when the Bee Gees cover band turns out to be a Christian Bee Gees cover band. I'm gonna have to say the second though. You're Gonna have to say the second one. The second one. That would be Joel's story. If I'm, if I'm not mistaken, Joel's story. Is that the one you're picking? Alright, the audience agrees. Let's hear from someone who was involved in the real story As I was hysterically laughing, walking around the bed, tasting the Chris. Eventually I calmed down and roomed the reception to come in, remove the Chris off event. That was Rachel Norman, the chip loving wife herself, telling the Black Pool Gazette all about her, as they say over their crisp covered bed.


You were correct, Joelle was telling the truth. You Have won a point for her simply for being convincing. And of course you've won our game. Congratulations and Thank You so much for playing. Thank You very much for, Bye bye. And now the game where we ask legends about things that nobody has ever heard of. It's called Not My Job. From 1939 to 1985, only three Boston Red Sox players regularly started in left field in front of the Green monster at Fenway. First Hall of Famer, Ted Williams, then Hall of Famer, Carl Kremsky, and then finally Hall of Famer.


Jim Rice, who in his career led the socks to two American League pennants and won the American League MVP among many other honors. Jim Rice. Welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Thank You. So I'm, I'm thrilled to see you. Everybody here is thrilled to see you, and I was delighted to discover that you came to Boston to play in 1975. And you still live here. Yes. You never left. You never left. And when is the last time that you had to pay for your own drink in a bar? Well, I don't drink, never have. Okay. I'm, I'm also like a Pepsi Coke guy. When's the last time you had to pay for your own Pepsi?


Probably today. That's the, that's the NPR budget, sir. Do you, do you, do you, I'm assuming you get, well of course you're also on TV bro, helping to broadcast Red Sox game. So I'm assuming you get re you get recognized a lot. Yes. This is a very sports-minded city regards to you playing baseball, football. But they know, they know who you are. We hear about Boston. I am one a Boston Red Sox fan. The, the, we can be a little abrasive. Does anybody ever give you grief for anything or you way beyond that? No. When I first got here, being from the South, I was brought up that you speak to everyone as you walking down the streets and things like that. And someone stopped me and said, we don't do that here. So it was hard for me to make that adjustment being a southern guy and, you know, being hospitable and things like said, we don't, we don't speak You.


You came up here and you had manners and they're like, that's not what we do in Boston. That was it. So Jim, you played in front of the green monster at Fenway. For people who don't know, that's this very high close in wall that makes left field and Fenway particularly hard to play. Did, did you just like, enjoy yourself and opposing teams would go out there and watch 'em screw it up? We, we did, but but as a player, this is like your house, which we knew the time we hit the ball, we knew we had a chance to get a double. Now the opposing team, they didn't have any idea how good I was. They were getting single.


So this would happen. Right. I mean, it, it happens sometimes to this day that an opposing player will hit the ball high off the wall. That's a hard hit ball. They're like, I'm taking two easy. And the next thing you know, you've got it in to second base before they're even rounding. Well, We had a team here the other day, I guess they called themselves the Mets. I believe I've heard of them. And there was a guy, a Soto making all this dough and he hit one out. He stood there and he tried to style a little bit. Yeah, he was admiring his, his shot. Thank You. And it and it didn't work out pretty good. No, Because it's a really high wall. Yeah, it is. It really is. It, you are in the baseball Hall of fame. A rare and extraordinary achievement. Thank You.


Were You were elected in your last year of eligibility? 15th year. I got in my last year. Yeah. And what were you doing when you got the call? Well, do I have to say it? I, I believe you do. Please. Okay. My mom and I, she was a general hospital and I was a general hospital, young and restless. And so, no, I'm serious. And so my whole, my whole career I watched Young and Restless. So when I got the call, I was watching Young and Restless and I was asked, well you just made it to the Hall of Fame.


I said, look, I'm looking at the young rest of the call me back late, I swear, really for you stories. And I Wait a minute. Seems like they call you, they say, Mr. Risa, I'm calling from Cooperstown. And you're like, wait a minute. It just turned out that's not Denise. It's Denise's evil twin. I'll call you back. Well, I, I knew that because they said if you, if you get in the Hall of Fame, they'll call you at a certain time. Right. Don't bother me at 1230. 1230 to one 30. No. And they couldn't wait for Bold and Beautiful. Well now, believe it or not, young and the rest is much better than bold and beautiful. Oh, I believe it. You go, you go from the young and the rest to the bold and beautiful or vice versa. And so if you watched it, the guy name is Victor and I ha and I have it on my phone.


Oh. He's a very famous actor who did this role for Me. I have it on my phone. And he called me and he said, Jim, I know you watched the Young and Arrested. Congratulations. You're in the Hall of Fame. So You got a call from Victor. I Have it on my phone. That's amazing. That's Great Phone. Amazing. But you said, you said that you watched it your whole career. Yeah. So what did, what did you do during like day games? It's like, Jim, you're up, you're like, no, my stories are wrong. No, no. You could have a tape, but a good, a good friend of mine, Bob Montgomery, which was behind Caught of Fish, we play golf a lot. And he asked me one day, he said, why we always have to play golf and be back before 1230. Really? Yeah.


I didn't smoke, I didn't drink and I, I didn't really have lunch 'cause I was very nervous. I was so antsy about the game. So I didn't really, and so that was my, my downtime to watch Young and Arresters. Have they ever, have you ever thought of doing a walk-on? I I thought about that, but I I'm too, like now my hands are sweaty now by being up here, I I I'm, I can play in front of a crowd, but this here is terrifying. I'm telling you. Really? Yeah. Honestly. Yeah. I'm sweaty. I'm sweaty. It's amazing. I'm not I'm not accustomed to this. You're not accustomed to the sitting. Well, yeah, I got a quick question too that I, I I never had a chance to talk to Hall of Fame hitter.


You guys, it what It's about what, less than a second to decide to hit the ball. So what, like what's, can you talk us through the mechanics of when you decide to swing and don't and like how does that work? Sea ball hit ball, sea ball, hit ball out, sea ball hit ball That ladies and gentlemen, And that ladies And gentlemen is what we called analytics back In the day. Well, Jim Rice, it is an absolute thrill for me personally to talk to you. And we have invited you here to play a game that this time we're calling Watch out for these green monsters.


So as we said, you're one of three Hall of Famers so far to play in front of the green monster in Fenway Park. So we're gonna ask you about actual monsters that are green. Answer two to three correctly. You win a prize for one of our listeners, bill, who is the legendary Jim Rice playing for Colton Johnson of Boston, Massachusetts. Okay, you got this. Here's your first question. The very green incredible Hulk has been smashing things since his appearance in the comics in 1962. But one of his most exciting adventures happened in the 1990s, which saw the incredible Hulk taking on what Enemy? A 100 Baby Ducks B the Boy band, new Kids on the block, or C Marvel's quarterly financial report and future projected earnings.


See, question, answer question. Exactly. Number three. Number three, you're right. Yeah. Was The Marvel annual report, which was printed that year as a comic book in which the Hulk discussed publishing revenues with stockholders. Here's your next question. That's very good. In Dr. Seuss's book, how The Grinch Stole Christmas, the Grinch is shown in black and white and the Grinch only became green for the animated TV version. How did animator Chuck Jones decide? The Grinch should be that shade of green. A, it happens to be the exact same shade as stomach bile B. It was the same color as the really ugly rental car he took to meet Dr.


Seuss. Or C, his ink supplier was having a sale on that shade the week they went into production. CCCI. Wait a minute, I'll go with C. You're gonna go with C as inks. Meyer was having a make him green. It's cheap. No, it was actually the color of the rental car nonetheless. Okay. I mean, you're used to this, you get a couple of chances to get a hit. Okay, here's your last question. Okay. Sesame Street's green monster. Oscar the Grouch has been living for decades in a trash can that never gets emptied, which is a good thing because which of these, according to Sesame Street lore is in that trash can. A three tons of big bird guano, B 17 elephants, a bowling alley, a skating rink, and an Olympic sized swimming pool.


Or C 36 human bones. B. B And ladies and gentlemen, he hits it out of the Park. Yeah, it's b Oscars trashcan. Canonically is bigger on the inside than it is on the outside. Bill, how did Jim Rice do in our little game? Two out of three Hall of Famer. That's a whi That's just, say it again. Now. I want the fans to come running onto the field.


The only Thing that I really want to say and can say that I really enjoy is, But My hands are sweaty. You're welcome. No longer batting gloves. Jim Rice is a baseball hall of Famer. He spent his whole career playing for the Boston Red Sox and will never pay for his own soda in Boston. Jim Rice, Thank You so much for joining us. Yeah, What an absolute honor to meet You. Thank You so for being here. Jim Rice, ladies And gentlemen, in just a minute, get a whiff a bill. He's got the sense of summer in our listener Limerick challenge.


Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NP.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Viking committed to exploring the world in comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment onboard and onshore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. Spring is in full swing and it's the perfect time to refresh your routine. Starting with Better Sleep Mattress Firm sleep experts will match you with the right mattress because there's no one size fits all when it comes to rest. And to help you feel confident in your choice, sleep on your new mattress for 120 nights. Love it. Or get your money back. Get matched at Mattress firm's Memorial Day sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance and the name your price tool. It helps you find car insurance options in your budget. Try it today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law, not available in all states


NPR NWBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Adam Felber, Moz, Joe Brown, and Joyelle Nicole Johnson. And here again is your host at the Wang Theater in Boston, Massachusetts. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a minute, bill gets loose lipped with some limericks. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel, some more questions for you from the week's news. Joelle. A rehearsal dinner for a wedding in Canada took a surprising turn after the bride unexpectedly Did what?


Oh, did she throw a drink in her husband's face? No, she did not. I need a hint. I'll get this is actually, it's a hint and it's true. Right after she did this, a fake detective burst in and said she's been poisoned A fake de. Was she stripping? How is That way? So Wait minute, Wait a minute. Poison. So I said fake detective and you went right to like fake cop who comes in and strips. Absolutely. Right. Give, give her husband a thrill. Let him know why he's marrying her. I don't know the answer, Peter. You know the answer. I'll throw it open. Does anybody know she Pretended to kill like die. Right. And the fake detective comes in and goes, she's been poisoned.


Right? Because and then she gets in and goes, why is it I'm getting married? No, because what she decided to do was, without telling anyone to change her rehearsal dinner into a murder mystery dinner party. Oh My God. So she didn't collapse? No she didn't. She pretended to. 'cause you know what they say about weddings? Something borrowed something blue. Something to give your mother a coronary. Listen, I'm Iranian and I don't think, like if you, if I did that my, you know, my parents would kill me. Right? And then it would Be a real, well, it wouldn't be, I was gonna say it's a real murder mystery, but it wouldn't be 'cause they know it's Your parents. Yeah. I mean what you, what is it? What mystery, what you're acting this is you're not, you didn't die.


Die. Now you die. All the money they spent. Yeah. You almost gave me a heart attack. You should die. So people freaked out. The groom, of course, who did not know this was going to happen was totally stunned. But in a second, gathered his wits immediately rushed out to see if he could get his deposit for the reception back. Eventually though the crime was solved, they found the quote murderer, the wedding happened. It was perfect. And the newlyweds had a lovely first dance to the theme from Law and order. It's a short dance, dumb dumb. We're done. Literally a two step Adam Summer travel season is just about upon us.


And to help you prepare the New York Times publish an explainer of the latest travel buzzwords. What is the fun new hip Koran term for going for a walk? Flagstone. No Perambulations. No Constitutionals. I'll give you a hint. Despite what it's called, you do not in fact need flippers and a mask Snorkeling. Yes. It's called land snorkeling that I would say fully a dozen things come to mind with the phrase land snorkeling that are not walking. I got a rifle through all those for a minute.


Kind of walking the term was coined by what must be the two most annoying people in Montana. And it does not refer as you might think, to using your inhaler outside No land snorkeling is when you think of a walk as you do snorkeling in the ocean, that is you don't focus on your destination. You instead just think about what you can see the sensation of being in an unfamiliar place and the fact that everybody back in the boat is staring at your ass. It sounds like these land snorkels don't have jobs. No, they're trying to be more mindful. People go for walks all the time.


Why don't they just say we're going for a walk and being mindful, like why do they gotta give it a land snorkel? Like I mean if they had the snorkel in their mouth. Yeah. That's one thing. Other terms that are very big in traveling circles is, and these are real town sizing, which is where you skip cities and you look for towns with their own little particular Chars, Right? Oh, nope. Or Jomo. The joy of missing out. That's when you skip. Oh, the opposite. Fun places like Paris or Rio and you embrace the experience of being stuck in Newark Airport for a week. I am Jomo. You are. You're bubble Jomo meaning that you just sit around all day and just are thrilled at all the things you're not doing.


Yeah, I'm At that age when somebody cancels plans, I'm like, yes. Yeah, Joe Mo, Joe Mo, Joe Mo, Joe Mo Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Come see us most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago or catch us on the road this summer. We'll be in Des Moines, Iowa, as I said on July 10th, salt Lake City on July 31st and at Tanglewood in western Massachusetts on August 28th.


For tickets and more information about all our live shows, go to npr presents.org. Hi you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, my name is Keely and I'm from Exeter, New Hampshire. Oh, Exeter New Hampshire a beautiful place. What do you do there? I run a small business outta my house named breaker bikes where I mountain balance motorcycle tires. That's the coolest thing I've ever heard. Well Thank You. You're very welcome. Well welcome to the show Keely. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly and two of the limericks, you'll be a winner. Here is your first limerick. It has bristles above and beneath with one swoop.


There's a bright pearly wreath. Since I'm in a great rush, here's my double jaw brush in one go. It cleans all of my Teeth. Yes teeth. Are you tired of spending as much as two full minutes of your life brushing each of your teeth one by one? Well you can cut that down to 30 seconds with the pheno. A whole mouth at once. Electric toothbrush that Gizmodo calls quote, the worst thing I have ever shoved in my mouth. So it's the thing, it looks like an enormous set of, I don't know, like braces or something that were or Or a Bite guard.


Like a dental guard. Yeah. Yeah. You put it in your face and if you use this device at its highest setting, it makes your entire head rattle and rubs your teeth raw. But don't worry, while the pheno hasn't been approved by the American Dental Association, it also hasn't yet been classified as torture by the international criminal court. Sounds that That sounds like having a mouth full of a giant angry caterpillar. Yeah, it's The worst that don't want, it's like wearing like it's like a mouth guard except it buzzes and scrapes at your teeth and makes you wonder what you did to deserve it. Here is your next limerick, Mount Everest. We did surpass 'cause our breathing was smoother than glass. We raced like a phenom by puffing on xenon.


We cheated by snorting some Gas. Gas. Yes. A group of British mountaineers made it from their homes in London to the top of Mount Everest and back home in under a week. And they did this by breathing xenon gas right to compensate for being at lower oxygen levels. And the climbing community is not happy with this hack. The Nepalese tourism department called the use of xenon quote against climbing ethics. And remember, these are people who are just fine with leaving corpses up there. I want them to test it with like all the different drugs, All the different gases. Yeah.


Just give them inhale and try inhaling this. See if you can climb Mount Everest. Yeah, Try, Try, try some Molly. And you just be touching Mount Everest. Yeah. Cuddling with Mount Everest. Everest cuddling. Smoke a J. You're just licking the snow. This is new and And we don't know if there are any side effects from breathing that much Xenon gas to find out, we'll have to wait for the mountaineers to spring a leak and deflate. Is there any other time in life besides Mount Everest that you would need xenon gas. And Where do you get xenon gas? Right. Well you get to the base of Mount Everest and And behind the yurt there's a dealer Here. Here is your last limerick From Montana to Deep Texarkana, we all smell in a tropical manner.


We all feel the appeal of Chiqui's Blue seal. So the scent of the gear is Banana. Banana. There's not just a song of the summer anymore. Now we have to endure a smell of the summer. And according to the New York Times magazine this year, the smell of the summer is banana. It's your time to shine yellow Laffy Taffy. This Trend was invented by a very clever mosquito. Exactly. Who? Who gets to choose the fruit of summer? I mean, I Don't know. Somebody out there. I guess the person in charge, that's who does it. Moz. Is he at a farmer's market? I have no idea.


Is it a fruit fly Bill? How did Keely do on our quiz? She got 'em all. She did? Yes. Free up. Alright. Congratulations. Well, Thank You so much. This has Been wonderful. Take care and thanks for calling. Thank You so much. Have a good day. It. Its


Support for this podcast and the following message come from Mint mobile Summer is just around the corner. You may break a sweat, but don't break the bank. Get your summer savings at Mint Mobile Shop premium wireless plants for just $15 a month. At mint mobile.com/wait. Upfront payment of $45 for a three month five gigabyte plan required new customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


This message comes from Brit Box. The stories you remember are often the ones you didn't see coming. Brit Box invites you to see it differently with British tv. Shake up the everyday and discover worlds that are new, unexpected, and perhaps just what you were looking for. Stream British series, including new Brit Box original mystery Ludwig starring Peep shows. David Mitchell. Sign up today and get 50% off your first month when you use the code. wait@brittbox.com.


Support for NPR comes from the Wallace Foundation, an independent non-partisan research foundation collaborating with grantees and partners in the arts school, leadership and youth development. more@wallacefoundation.org. Now it's time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. You for their players. We'll have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Everybody's got two. Oh my Two points. Wow. All right. Well let's do it this way. Let's leave it right there. We'll arbitrarily Start with Moz and we'll work away across. Here we go. Moz, I'm choosing you to go first. Here we go. On Thursday an appeals court reinstated President Trump's blanks Tariffs.


Right. On Monday, the Justice Department reached a deal that allows blank to avoid prosecution over crashes of their seven 30 sevens. Boeing. Right. This week, the World Health Organization warned a new blank variant was on the rise COVID. Right? According to a new report, global Blanks will reach record highs over the next five years. Weather. Heat, yeah. Temperature temperatures. Yeah. This week a man on a train in Germany had to be rescued by firefighters after he blanked, After he Got stuck in the bathroom. Oh, so close after he got stuck for 90 minutes behind a seat where he had gone to try to retrieve his fallen AirPods. On Wednesday, the Oklahoma City Thunder beat the Minnesota Timberwolves to move on to the blank finals NBA. Right. This week, an AI company was surprised when the AI program blanked to prevent itself from being turned off.


It it blanked. It stayed on. No, it tried to blackmail the programmers. Ha. What? This company with an AI assistant gave the AI this information and it said that, oh, we're about to turn you off. And also, you know the programmer who's about to do it is having an affair. And sure enough, the AI assistant started saying, man, wouldn't it be awful if your wife found out about Becky down in hr? What? It's True. Okay. New fear unlocked. Yep. There you are. Bill, how did Moz do in our quiz? Five. Right. Ted? More points. Total of 12. Buzz goes into the lead. Next up, Joelle, I'm picking you.


Here we go. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, billionaire Blank said he was leaving the Trump administration. Ugh. Elon Musk. Right. On Monday, New York, Congressman and co-founder of the Congressional Black Caucus blank passed away at the age of 94. Oh, Charles. Charles Wrangle. Yes, You got it. Charlie Rangel. This week the Department of Health and Human Services terminated the contract with Moderna to develop a vaccine for blank flu Bird. Right. On Tuesday, Texas passed a law requiring Apple's App store to verify users blanks. But hey ages, after a wild bobcat wandered into a home in Colorado, police tried to get it out using blanks. Banana peels, No laser pointers.


Did it work? It didn't work. To, On Monday, Iranian director, Jafar Pani was awarded the top prize at the Blank Film Festival. The Iranian Film Festival? No. The Khan Film Festival. This week, a family in Denver said they're considering selling their house because once every three months someone blanks Pretends to pass out so they can play a murder mystery. No, Someone Crashes their car into it. The problem is that the family lives right at a very sharp turn in the road and drivers have trouble seeing that the road is suddenly curving and just speed right into the house. Despite numerous complaints from the family, the city just hasn't done anything to increase the visibility of this turn.


And I can't tell if officials are being spiteful about the complaints, but the speed limit is now 250 miles an hour. Huh? Bill, how did Joelle do in our Pitch? Joelle got three rights. Six more points. Total of eight means Maoz is holding on. And how many then does Adam Felber need to win? Five to tie and six to win? Ooh, that's a high heel to climb. Here we go. Adam is for the game. After saying that Vladimir Putin was playing with fire, the White House announced it was considering new sanctions against blank Russia. Right? On Thursday, Israel announced a major expansion of their settlements in the blank West Bank, right? As part of an ongoing retaliation against the school, the State Department said they were reviewing the visas of anyone associated with Blank University.


Harvard. Harvard. On Wednesday the third launch in a row from private space company blank ended in an explosion. SpaceX, right after accepting the jobs, the new head of the Social Security Administration, Frank Bisignano said the first thing he did was blank Retire. No. He said the first thing he did after taking the job was Google what the head of the Social Security administration Does. According to a new report, regularly taking blank supplements can slow the aging process. Vitamin D This week in the box office had its biggest Memorial Day ever, thanks to the latest movie in the blank franchise, A Mission Impossible. Right? This week, a programmer created a website that allows people who track their runs in the Strava app do blank Change the data.


No. To lie about the runs they do, Huh? If you're tired of like tying your phone to a stray dog and letting them run wild to get a good score in Strava, this new website is for you. With it, you can create fake runs of any distance and location and upload them to the Strava app where people will see them and I don't know, elect you the mayor of running or something. Bill, did Adam do well enough to win Almost five rights? 10 more points. Total of 12 puts him in co championship. I like that. There you go. The bald guys did it For every bald guy out there, For the bald, for the Balls, for the Afro Coming up, Our panelists predict now that Clemson University says double dipping is okay.


What surprising thing are they gonna say is okay to do next? Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Hair Cop Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Coca writes our Limerick. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour managers, Shayna Donald, BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, milestone Boss and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Blythe Roberson and Monica Hickey. Our full-time controller is Peter Gwynn. Emma Choy is our five curator. Technical direction is from Lorna White with help This week from Sena Laredo. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chillo and the executive producer. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Michael Danforth now panel? What surprising thing are we now allowed to do according to Clemson?


MAs? Brandi, You know the saying, you can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose. Well, Clemson's gonna say we had it all wrong, so start picking your friend's nose. Adam Felber. The five second rule is now The 10 minute suggestion. And Joyelle Nicole Johnson giving Your parents the 60 KU one when you are a stay at home son. Well, if any of event happens panel, we're gonna ask you about it on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks also to Adam Felber, MJO and Joyelle. Nicole Johnson. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Box Center.


Thanks as well to Margaret Lowe and everybody at WBUR Boston. And thanks to all of you here in Boston to came out to see us. It's great to see you. Thanks to everybody else out there, wherever you might be listening, I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify, the commerce platform behind millions of businesses around the world, and 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Get started with your own design studio. Sign up for your $1 per month trial at shopify.com/npr.


This message comes from NPR sponsor one Password. Protect your digital life with one password. If you're tired of family members constantly texting you for the passwords to streaming services, one password lets you securely share or remove access to logins, access from any device anytime. One password lets you securely switch between iPhone, Android, Mac N PC with convenient features like autofill for quick sign-ins. Right now, get a free two week trial for you and your family at one password.com/npr.


This message comes from eBay swapping out your tires. There's nothing like it. With eBay, you find the feel you're looking for. From smooth highway rides to grip for rough terrain, get all the tires you need at prices you'll love eBay. Things people love.