
This message comes from Capital One, access Comprehensive solutions from a top commercial bank that prioritizes your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at capital one.com/commercial member FDIC.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. Start selling with Shopify today. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify's the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Go to shopify.com/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Invite me to your Memorial Day picnic. I'll eat your deviled eggs no matter how long they've been out in the sun. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thanks everybody. So good to see you all. I'm, I'm gonna be honest with you, all the year's, not even half over, and we are already exhausted. So inspired by the HIT TV show, the White Lotus. We're gonna take a week off. We're going to an exotic retreat and we're gonna work on our wellness.


Oh, No, there's been a murder who could have seen this coming. Well, we try to get to the bottom of this. We've got some soothing treatments for you, selected from the finest, naturally derived radio segments. First up actor Josh Gad, the voice of Olaf the Snowman in Frozen among many other roles. He joined us in January to talk about his new memoir And congratulations on the book, which I devoured This week. Was it a little intimidating to write a memoir at the age of 43? Well, it, it was just sitting there and typing all the words was intimidating 'cause I had to come up with them. Yeah. And you know, it, it, as it started to expand, it just felt like, okay, this may be a, a story worth telling.


And then a publisher paid me and I was like, okay, it is. Yeah, that'll do it. Now, I, the question I often ask people like you who've done so many different things is, what are you most recognized for? And you say in the book that you wish you had used a, a different voice for Olaf The Snowman because whenever you're talking in public, children hear you and go Insane. Yeah. It was a stupid decision. I, I will get recognized in like grocery stores just being like, hi, is milk over there? It can be something as innocuous as that, and all of a sudden three children will just give me an Exorcist There. Yeah.


So I, I regret that now, but at the same time, I'm grateful that so many people love the voice of, of Olaf, which is me. Yeah. But the other thing that I'm weirdly recognized for is Bear Claw from New Girl, which makes no sense. There you go. Yeah. Okay. There's some people. So I, I myself have never watched the show. Why is that surprising? Who is Bearclaw? That's my question as well. Yeah. I, I did two episodes of that show and what's so funny is people went nuts for Bear Claw. He was this guy who like hid after Jess, played by Zoe Deschanel, and I was actually with Zoe's real life husband, Jonathan yesterday.


And he looked at me and he goes, bear Claw and Jess should have ended up together, Which is a, It's a very weird take, but I guess Yeah, From, from her actual husband. Yeah. Yeah. There's like a small community including her own husband who just really loved bear cloth. Wow. That's A, can I, can I ask a question about Olaf? Yes. So I have a 6-year-old daughter, so your voice is like in my apartment all the time, and I You're great. This feels like less of a question and more like a threat. Like what kind of relationship do you have with the parents of the children that go nuts?


Well, one that's very volatile. Like whatever, Like this thing that's happening right now. Yeah. Well, I, no, you know what's funny is I, I've now been on the other side of it where like my girls are obsessed with Wicked right now. Sure. And I'm having to listen to Ariana Grande's popular over and over and over again, or Cynthia Vos song. So I'm, I'm with you, I'm struggling and I know these people and so I'm texting them and I'm like, can we please just put a a, you know, a moratorium on this? Yeah. It's A great job. But I can no longer listen to these songs on a loop.


Wow. It's like a Twilight Zone episode thing where it happens to you. Man, It took so much empathy for you to give that detailed answer instead of just saying, as I would've Nain let it go. He has more dignity than that. Josh. I know. He has more dignity than that. He's the superior. Josh G You did, you did tell the story in the book of, of one person who did not recognize you, which was the director David O. Russell. Oh God. Yeah. So David O. Russell, this is such a crazy story. David O. Russell, brilliant director.


We were at the same Mommy and Me program 'cause we're both mommies and we were, we were outside. And it was after he had just been nominated for one of the many films he was nominated for. And he looks at me and, and I said, I said, congratulations on your nomination. And he goes, oh, Thank you. What do you do? And I said, oh, I'm, I'm an actor. And he says, well, what, what do you do? What, what do you act? And I said, oh, well, you know, you're, you're, I do this, I do that. He didn't recognize any of them. And then I said, you know, your kid may know me from something called Frozen.


And he goes, what's that animated movie that sort of, you know, everywhere but your home? And he goes, oh, what are you doing it? And I said, I'm a snowman. And it was Do it. He said, what? He said, do it. And I said, do the Snowman. He goes, yeah. And I looked at him, this Academy Award-winning director, and I said, hi, I'm Ola.


And He looked at me and he goes, huh. And I have not been in a David O. Russell film. Really? So There you go. Yeah. Should have done a song, dude, that would've done it. But then afterwards he goes, oh, you're Bear Claw. I I, I gotta ask one thing. The The, The book does cover some of your struggle. And one story I loved is when you applied as a young man, when you were living in Florida to work at Disney. There were two rides that I always wanted to be the sort of host of.


One was this ride called The Great Movie Ride, and then the other was The Jungle Cruise. Right. And so I said, you know, I really think that I would be an amazing skipper on the Jungle cruise. And this, this person looks at me and goes, well, yeah, I don't know about that. But we do have openings on our janitorial staff. Wow. And, and then years later, I told this story at something called the Disney Legends Award. And the head of the parks came up to me and said, would you like to be a skipper for a day on the Jungle Cruise? So I got to live out my dream really?


And Skip, in fact, when David O. Russell got In that boat. Well, game over. Yeah. Amazing. Well, Josh Gad, it is a pleasure to talk to you after seeing you do so many amazing things over the years. But we have asked you to play a game. We are calling Josh Gad meet posh lads. Oh boy. So we've decided to ask you about posh lads, those fancy boys produced by British universities and boarding schools. Bill, who is Josh playing for? Larry Anderson of Denver, Colorado. Alright, Here we go. Here's your first question. In 1805, posh lad and poet Lord Byron, attended Cambridge University, but Cambridge wouldn't let him bring his dog with him as dogs were banned.


So, Lord Byron, that scam did, what was it? A he kept a bear in his dorm room instead, because nothing in the rules said he couldn't do that. B he built a doghouse 50 feet away just off school grounds with a tunnel connecting it to his room. Or c he submitted a fake application that got his dog hired as a professor. Hmm. I think it's the bear thing. 'cause that's just crazy to come Up with. Well, you think it's the bear. Well, you're right. It was the bear Me Man. Yeah. He used to walk around. He used to walk the bear around campus on a chain. Alright, Josh, your next question. The famously elite Eaton College has a longstanding tradition called the Eaton Wall game.


It's a sort of combination of soccer and rugby and it's played against this big brick wall. Yes, I've played It. You have No, I lied to you. I understand The, the, there's an annual game between the fanciest king scholars and the rest of the school. It's a big deal, even though which of these is true? A the last time anyone scored a goal in the game was in 1909 B, the wall completely encloses the playing field. So none of the spectators can actually see anything. Or c, the game is played with a 95-year-old ball that deflates. If you kick it, I'm gonna go with C. You're gonna go with C That has played with a 94, 90 5-year-old ball.


No, the answer is actually a no one has scored a goal in this game for more than a hundred years. Here's your last question. If you get this, you win. Here we go. Eden was founded in the year 1440. So obviously a lot has changed over the years. For example, in the 17th century, what was a rule imposed in all etonians A before exams, the headmaster inspected each boy to ensure his upper lip was sufficiently stiff. B, students were forbidden from even learning the cleaning staff's first names, or C for their health. All students were required to smoke before breakfast.


I'm, I'm thinking it's B Wait, what are, what are you, what is your audience screaming? The Audience. The audience is, the audience is screaming. C The audience is screaming. C. Alright, Well my friend in Denver, if the audience gets this wrong, it's on them not me. C You're all right. It was C. Yes, We did it. They smoked tobacco. They were forced to smoke tobacco for their health. It probably protected them. Oh, I love you guys. Thank You for bailing me out. Bill, how did Josh Gad do in our quiz? Well, how can you get a bigger winner? Congratulations, Josh. I, Josh Gad new memoir is in Gad.


We trust Josh Gad, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait. Wait for me. What a joy to talk to you. What a time. Stay safe. When we come back, the taxidermist to the stars and a woman affectionately known as Big Grech, that's when we return with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice. When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on, think or swim. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you. With one touch in app scheduling pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up@rinse.com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Viking. Committed to exploring the world in comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment onboard and on shore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see if you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see if you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


From at PR and WBE, E Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. Here's your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. So Thank You all so much. So right now all of us at Wait, Wait are often a spa somewhere looking at custom reports on our biometrics and nodding along as if we understand them. All I know is my heart chakra is outperforming the dao. Our therapy for you though, is some delightful conversations we've had in the past few months. One of the more interesting was in February with Amber Macu.


She's known in the media by an unusual title, which Peter asked her about when she joined us. We saw that you were called Taxi Dermis to the Stars. What exactly does that mean? How did you earn that title? I guess that a lot of celebrities have bought stuff for me or commissioned work for me, or I go to their houses and fix their taxidermy and hang it up for them. Can you describe, without breaking any confidences, what the kind of work you've done for some of these people? Let's see. So for Drew Barry Moore, I did some framed butterflies to hang on the wall and then to, for Amy Saris I did a pheasant.


And then for Adam Jones, he is the guitarist of tool. I did a Ram head with four horns on it and a goat head for the band Slayer. I'm sure, I'm sure the goat heads are very popular with the whole heavy metal genre. Right? They all need the goat heads. Yeah, definitely. Could You, I, I mean I think people should understand this, that when we're talking about your taxidermy, for the most part we're not talking about the what they're thinking of, which is like, I don't know, a, a deer head, you know, mounted above a bar or in a cabin somewhere. Could you describe your work and what makes it special? Sure. A lot of what I do is called anthropomorphic taxidermy. So it's kind of giving life human characteristics or activities to the taxidermy.


So behind me here, I have like a raccoon cowboy. So it's a raccoon wearing a cowboy hat and a red bandana around his neck. And he is doing finger guns with his paws. And that one's actually for Justin Long and Kate Bosworth, that's shipping to la. And then the one next to it is actually a squirrel riding a horse, waving a cowboy hat, cowboy theme happening here. And that one's for Maura Tierney, who's an actress from the show. Er Yes, Yes. I have so many questions. I do. Yeah, Many. Let's, let's, let's, let's just focus on Justin Long's raccoon with the cowboy hat and the finger guns.


Yes. So that one is, it was probably one of my best sellers that went viral online. I made one once and then I put it online in my online shop that people could just click and buy it. And then So you came up with it. Where did that come from? Were you like thinking about raccoons and going, you know, what would make them even better? Oh geez. I don't know. I write down things in the middle of the night sometimes that make no sense at all. So who knows? Is there, like, do taxi dermis have like their own aesthetic? Like what, what makes a great taxidermy? Yeah, a mount good mount. A Good mount. Thank You. So taxidermy is, if you see like the mannequin behind me on the one side.


So this is a Himalayan goat on one side. Yeah. That's mounted with the skin on it already. And the one on the other side is just a mannequin with just a form. So it's an anatomically correct mannequin to that specimen. How Do you get anatomically correct models of animals? Or do you make them? So there's taxidermy supply companies, dozens of them in the US where you can order, you know, your deer mannequin or skunk mannequin. And then you basically, it's kind of tailoring in reverse. You whittle down your mannequin or build up your mannequin to custom fit it to your skin. And then you use glass eyes that are also anatomically correct to the specimen, to the millimeter, A wire for the tail. And then you do, you know, your kind of clay for musculature and sculptural work and sew it up, do your hair and makeup, do airbrushing painting.


So there's a lot, it's a lot of sculpture. Yeah. This is How I get ready in the morning too. You're just basically a poly Core. There's like tons of molds. Your thing, I mean obviously you're so deeply invested in this. I, I have a problem with stuffed animals because whenever I look away, I assume they're moving their heads to stare at me and I turn and I look back and they're immediately still again. I find it, I find it discomforting to be near all those completely still animals. It's creepy. Do you ever, do you ever, Well thanks for having me on then. Oh, you're welcome. It was, it was an act of Courage on my part.


Well Amber Makeup, we have invited you here to play a game. We're calling, They're alive. So as we have been discussing, you specialize in putting deceased animals recreated in people's homes. So we thought we'd ask you about three instances of live animals getting in there. Get two to three, right. You will win our prize for of our listeners. Are you ready to play? Sure. Alright. Chichi, who is Amber Makeup playing for Larry Gold of Minneapolis, Minnesota. Alright, Minnesotan's here. Here's your first question on Australian family was surprised when a koala got into their house, especially because it took them a little while to notice it. Where was it? A on their couch next to a throw pillow with a koala printed on it.


B hanging on their Christmas tree as if pretending to be an ornament or C sitting on top of their ceiling fan until that is they turned the ceiling fan on. Oh no, I'm gonna go with a, you're Gonna go with a, that was on their couch next to a koala throw pillow. And they were like, oh, I guess we have two koala. Oh, you pick it up 'cause you're choosing B hanging on their Christmas tree. I guess so. That's right. Oh Wow. Nice. It was like hanging on the Christmas tree. They like trees. It makes sense. All right, good. Alright, next question. Some people actually welcome wild animals into their homes, including some surprising people. Like which of these? A Britain's king Charles, who not only lets red squirrels into a Scottish estate, but leaves, jackets hanging on chairs with nuts in the pockets for them to find B Jamie Fox, who has a deal with local animal control, for them to bring any captured foxes naturally to his house.


Or see Peyton Manning who learned to imitate six different mating calls so he could attract animals to his patio. I'll go with A, you can do it with a Britain's king Charles. You're right. Yeah. He loves those red squirrels. He says, sometimes when I leave my jackets on a chair with nuts in the pockets, I see them with their tails sticking out as they hunt for nuts. They're incredibly special creatures. Alright, last question. You're doing very well. It's not just houses that can have trouble with wildlife. A high school in Little Rock had a bat infestation, but dealt with it quickly and decisively just by doing what? A, changing their mascot from the running rebels to the fighting bats. B. Enrolling the bats as students, which allowed them access to state funds to get rid of the bats.


Or C, just seeding control of the school to the bats and making all classes remote for a while. C. Yes, exactly right. It took them about four days to clear out the bats and clean up everything and bring the students back jokey. How did Amber do in our quiz? Amber Got three taxidermy finger guns. She is a Winner. Well done. Amber May Cutt is a taxidermist to the Stars and the founder of Brooklyn Taxidermy. You can see her work@brooklyntaxidermy.com. I recommend it highly. Yes, Amber. Well Thank You so much for being on. Wait, Wait, T Tell Me. Take Care. Bye-bye.


In April, we all traveled to Detroit to speak to Michigan's governor, Gretchen Whitmer, who had just published a book with a title inspired by her nickname Big G. I asked her how she came to embrace that handle. So I'm named after both my grandmothers Gretchen and Esther. Right. And Grandma Gretchen always said, never let anyone call you Gretchen. Your name is Gretchen. Gretchen sounds like re it's not pretty. So I've always had this aversion to be being called Rech. And I don't know many women that want big in front of their nickname. You know, so, so big Gretch. When it first came to be during the pandemic, I was not sure what to make of it. And a woman who worked with me, Shaquila Meyers, who's from Detroit, said, you don't understand this is a compliment.


This is like the people of Detroit just gave you the the key to the city. Right. This is, they love you. This is a a nice thing. So now it's my favorite nickname, big Rabbit. Well, if there's not, if there might be somebody in the audience who's not as old choral with Detroit hip hop as you and I, it came from a, but it was bestowed upon you by a rapper, a Detroit rapper named gmac. Right. So he made it into a song. It started in the city of Detroit, but he made big Gretchen to a song. And that's really what Yeah. What blew it Up. Right. And, and for people who don't know it, I'm not gonna attempt to perform it, but the chorus is throw the buffs on her face. 'cause that's big Gre We ain't about distress. We got big gre. You can find her in the press under Big gre.


Fresh in a new dress. Yeah. That's big Grech. And you said you weren't gonna perform. It's almost like GMAT Cash is here with us. Really, It really Is. Just Sticking with nicknames for a second. You mentioned in the book that you, you've had other nicknames before Big gre, one of which was Gravity, Gretchen. Yes. And could you tell us how you got that particular Nickname? Well, I'm a very accident prone person. Right. I'm a klutz. I've run into things. I fall down. I mean, I was practicing my state of the state last year and I ran into one of the podiums. I had a huge bruise. It just happens all the time. But when I was in middle school, I went to church camp and for some reason it was out in Virginia or West Virginia of all places.


And I was running to a base and the other girl tagged me, but pushed me really hard and I went right into the cement and knocked out my front teeth. And so I came back from church camp in a wheelchair. 'cause I got 30 stitches in my knee. Both my hands were cut up, my face was cut up, and I was missing my teeth. And my father just looked at me and said, gravity, Gretchen. And what did you do to anger? God, thus, I, It's a good question. I, you know, I, I felt most, most bad about my dad because he just paid for braces to fix the gap between those front Teeth. Oh no. Well, But now I think I gotta figure out what I, how I anger God.


Oh, well, Something for the next book. Yeah. I, I, since we brought it up, I have to ask you about another time you fell down, or at least were found on the ground in high school. Yeah. Which again, I think is a unique story among America's governors. I was wondering if you could share that. Well, I'll just say this. I, there weren't no dogs were shot in my book, So That's true. Yeah. So when I was in high school, I ran with a fast crowd. Yeah. And I, it was the eighties, you know, there was a lot of, not a whole lot of parental oversight and a lot of access to alcohol. And I drank a lot before a football game, and I passed out between two cars and my principal found me, and I tell the story because that was really when I, I kind of got it together.


Yeah. And became the best, you know, the most improved student that year and went to Michigan State and, you know, ended up, Thank You. Go Green. Ended up, you know, on the dean's list. And then I went to law school and graduated magna cum laude. But I think it was, I think it was that moment that really, it was devastating and I was punished and, but it, it really inspired me to get my act together. Right. I I get that. But in the telling of that story, which as you say is inspirational, both in terms of its effect on your life, and I think hopefully to the many young people who might read the book, there was a detail that you left out just now, which is when the principle found you.


Yeah. Didn't you like vomit? Oh, I threw up on him. Yeah. Oh God. I gotta tell you, this all sounds like big GRE bay. It really does, Really does. Continuing 'cause is great because one of the interesting things about your life is that we can tell it in the four, in like via nicknames, another famous one. Of course, you could find it on merch, that woman from Michigan, Which Was bestowed upon you by President Trump or as, I guess we should call him President Trump 1.0. It must be exciting. Are you hoping for a new nickname in the second term?


I mean, we'll see, we'll see. We'll see how it goes. I'm gonna, you know, see how it goes. All right. Yeah. But you know, the t-shirt printers are ready in case it comes up with something That Michigan's Etsy community is ready to roll. Governor Whitmer, it is an absolute thrill to be able to talk to here in Detroit, as we have with, with so many important people. We have invited you here to play a game that this time we are calling Check out these not so great lakes. So Michigan, as I'm sure you know, is the great Lake state.


Oh, we Are. Yeah. So We thought, we thought we'd ask you about some not so great lakes that is much, much smaller bodies of water. Answer two to three questions about Tiny Lakes correctly and you'll win our prize. One of our listeners, the voice of anyone that might choose for our show Bill, who is Governor Whitmer playing for Jeff Krueger of Lavonia Michigan. Are you ready to do this? I'm ready. Here's your first question. One of the smallest bodies of water you can find is, of course a hot tub. And if you happen to have a hot tub outside of your house in Monrovia, California in the 1990s, you had to watch out for what?


A, a brand new STD that evolved in the heated water called jacuzzi. Ria b Samson, the hot tub bear, a 500 pound black bear who loved ending his day in somebody's hot tub. Or c, a business called peeping Tim's aerial hot tub. Helicopter tours, Samson, the hot tub and bear. You're right. You just knew, just had a feeling. You just had a feeling because of your knowledge of hot tubs. Your knowledge of bears. Both neither. Okay. All of the above. All of the above, yes. Alright, that was very good. Governor, here's your next question. Puddles harmless little bodies of water, but they can cause problems from time to time.


As in when which of these happened, A, a Japanese government official got in trouble for making a subordinate. Give him a piggyback ride over a puddle. BA single puddle caused a massive traffic jam in Texas when a cyber trucker rolled through it and short it out. Or CA Florida billionaire got caught trying to get a tax break by calling a puddle on his property. An endangered wetland. I mean, it's, I think it's a, You think it's a, the Japanese government official. You're right. Oh, You're Right. This happened back in 2016 and there was this, this big typhoon that damaged and the minister in charge of like emergency relief showed up and there was a big puddle.


And he says he forgot to bring his overshoot. So he had a subordinate pick him up and carry him through the puddle, which did not go over well with the Japanese public. We had to apologize. Alright, that's very good. You have one more? Let's see if you can be perfect here. The largest public swimming pool ever, we think was the Fle hacker public pool in San Francisco. It was so enormous during its heyday that what once happened, A, it was taken over by a pot of gray whales. B it had to close twice a day for low tide or c they had to put lifeguards out to patrol the pool in rowboats sea. That's right. Wow. It was an enormous pool.


Now closed. Now gone go with sea water piped in from the ocean. Next door they say could accommodate 10,000 people at once. Bill, how did Governor Whitmer do in our quiz? She's perfect. Yes. Gretchen Whitmer is the governor of Michigan. Her new book True Gretchen is available now. It's a heat and a half. Governor, Gretchen Whitmer, Thank You so much for joining us. Wait, Wait. When we come back, two of the humans behind the heavy metal aliens Ofir and a singer songwriter with a very special connection to me, that's when we come back with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR


support for this podcast and the following message come from Mint mobile Summer is just around the corner. You may break a sweat, but don't break the bank. Get your summer savings at Mint Mobile Shop premium wireless plans for just $15 a month@mintmobile.com slash wait. Upfront payment of $45 for a three month five gigabyte plan required New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


This message comes from Capella University. The right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success and are there for you every step of the way. Whether you're working on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get the dedicated help you need. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from Insperity, providing HR services and technology from payroll benefits and HR compliance to talent development. Learn more at insperity.com/hr matters.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill Joe. By this time at the Exotic Spa where we are spending the week, we've had the massages, the yoga, the meditation, and frankly, none of us are feeling any better. That's it. I'm going to find a way to relax even if it kills me. Well, you work on that bill. Here are two more treatments for our audience in the form of music therapy, by which we mean interviews with musicians.


We went to Richmond, Virginia in February to celebrate what the city was most famous for. The legendary shock rock band Gore. We were joined by Mike Bishop and Mike Dirks, who did something they almost never do. They got up on stage without their elaborate costumes and makeup. So I started by asking them to describe their band. It's a theatrical shock, rock shock, heavy metal band that is very performative on stage. And we are theatrical show that involves a lot of costuming and set pieces and phony executions and Oh, it's very Oh, that old saw.


Yeah. Quite literally. They use a saw sometimes for The, but we're all, we're also from outer space though we have whole narrative. Yeah. K is a band of extraterrestrial war gods that has been banished to the planet earth for all the crimes that committed in outer space. Right. Yeah. So just to, just to, and and you two were right there in the beginning. And and when you, when you joined the band, were, did you pick your own characters? I, I inherited mine. I I am Ball Zach, the b the Jaws of Death Ball, Zach, the Jaws of Death and I I was the third Jaws of death. There had been a couple incarnations because the first few shows that Gore played, they were, it was just a collective of whoever, whatever artists and musicians they could grab from VCU in the surrounding areas to throw on these costumes and do a show.


Yeah. I love, I love how folksy that sounds. You know, like my father is Mr. Balls. You call me Paul Zach, but his grandfather was the jaw to death and his grandfather before me. And, and, and Bishop who, who are, who are you on stage? So originally I was Beefcake the Mighty who was the bass player and Beefcake has some fans here. Yeah. And now I am the singer following the passing of the original lead singer, Dave Brock, who everybody knows and loves. I came back and now I play the Berserker Blow thar The Berserker Blow thar and, and the That's right. And, and for people who haven't seen it, these costumes you wear are not just, I mean like, like the guys from Kiss, for example, are just amateurs when it comes to you guys, you've got like enormous head pieces and huge full body costumes that often have, shall we say, over the top anatomy.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. This is not your first time in NPR because famously IIR did a tiny desk concert to, and by the way, I recommend everybody watch this. When you walked into NPR headquarters in the full war regalia, what was the reaction from our colleagues there? It was enthusiastic. They like, no, they, they made us go around the whole studios and I think they, yeah, They were kind of using us to scare their Wait, Wait a minute. What do you mean? They'd Be like, it'd be like, Hey Scott. Simon, could you step out of the office just for a second? Yeah.


Yeah. Sylvia And you GWAR very popular in Richmond. Of course. And you even have a GWAR bar. We do. People have been to for fans and, and Dirks, you work there sometimes, right? I do. I I bartend and I'm a man, one of the managers there. Right. And do people ever come in and I presumably they're fans. Do they recognize you? I'll, we will get people in there all the time. I'll be bartending and people will come up and ask me like, so do the guys in Gore ever hang out here? I'm always like, not very often, no. Well, Mike Dirks and Mike Bishop, we have invited you here to play a game.


We are calling. You guys are GWAR meet Jaguar. That's right. We're gonna ask you about Ja Gus Agus answer two out of three questions about Jaguars of various kinds. You'll won our prize for one of our listeners Choi. Who are Mike and Mike playing for Sharon Lowry of Richmond, Virginia. Alright, Hands down lady. If you win, maybe she'll come by the bar to Thank You. Alright, here we go. Now the Jacksonville Jaguars are an NFL team that's had some good seasons, but they have also been very unlucky, including one year when their punter suffered a unique injury.


What was it? A he bet somebody he could punt a 35 pound kettlebell and broke all his toes. B he accidentally chopped himself in the leg with the inspirational acts kept in the locker room. Or C, he joined the team's cheerleaders for a kick line and ruptured his groin on the first kick. C Sounds real. Yeah. Yeah. The kick, the kicker joining a kick line. But I know that they have strict rules against the fra fraternization between the players and the, so I'm thinking it's the, he broke his toes trying To broke his toes. You so, so lemme get this right. Dirks, you're picking, he broke his toes trying to punt a kettlebell. Yeah. And Bishop, you're choosing he got in the kick line. Yeah, with a Julie.


It was actually the other one. The coach Kept an ax and a stump in the locker room to inspire his team to keep chopping. What Does that have to do with jaguars? One day the punter did. Alright, that's okay guys, you still have two more chances. Here is your next question. The Jacksonville Jaguar's mascot is Jackson Deville. It's a person in a skin tight suit and a big jaguar head. And he has been so innovative in the mascot arts that he has actually inspired a rule change for all mascots across the NFL. What is that rule change? A no mascot may ever mime intimate acts with the other team's.


Mascot B, all mascots must be drug tested before each half or see no mascot may get closer than six feet to the field of play. Especially not if they are carrying a life-sized dummy of the opponent's quarterback that they intend to stomp on midfield. Well it sounds like a very gore answer. So that having the rubber dummy of the opposing quarterback is Yeah. Yeah. It could be inspired by GWAR. Maybe it was. That's the real answer of course. Oh, right. The, The Rule arose from an incident in a game against the Steelers in 1998.


Okay, let's start talking about real jaguars. According to the scientists who work at a wildlife reserve in Guatemala, the best way to attract one of the big cats they can do it without fail is to do what? A turn on music by Kenny G, which the Jaguars find irresistible B where lots of obsession by Calvin and Klein, which draws them like flies. Or C dressed like Jackson Deville. The Jacksonville Jaguars mascot. I bet it's Kenny G. Man I, oh wow. The audience is saying BB. The audience is shouting. B saying Calvin Klein Obsession by Calvin Klein. I think cats don't have this super sensitive smell like dogs.


Dogs. Well they got that thing where they go like that. Alright, we're trusting These people are obviously more intelligent than us. So you're gonna go for A B, D. Yes, that's right. Congratulations everyone. Soki, how did Dirks and Bishop do in our quiz? The Scum dogs of the universe do not know defeat. Well done


support for this podcast and the following message come from SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans are enjoying the new standard in home security systems. SimpliSafe, active guard Outdoor protection can help prevent break-ins before they happen. AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents who detect suspicious activity, no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash wait to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This message comes from Better help. This Mental Health Awareness month better Help is encouraging everyone to take care of their wellbeing and break the stigma associated with mental health. Better Help works to make people healthy and happy because when people are taken care of, everyone benefits, including families, colleagues, and communities. Visit better help.com/npr to get 10% off your first month


support for NPR. And the following message come from the Pew Charitable Trusts sharing about the state of housing in America on the After the Fact Podcast available@pewtrusts.org slash after the fact.


Finally, in October of last year, we hosted the singer songwriter Kara Jackson, a former Illinois in the National Youth Poet Laureate, but We of course focused in on her most important formative experience being coached at T-Ball by none other than Peter Sale. Thanks for having me. Now I have left off what I think of as one of the most important items on your resume, which is that you were one of the starting players on The Angels, an 8-year-old girl's T-ball team in Oak Park, which I coached.


Yeah. So a little nervous about the answer. What do you remember about Coach Coach Segel on the On the Angels and being on the Angels? You know, I was pretty good at T-Ball. I, I've gotta say I was just really tall. Yeah, I feel like some people struggled, like there were some people where it was like they were shorter so they had to like, you know, lower the tee. Yeah. But the taller kids, they would make it bigger and everyone would be like back up. Like There really is, there really is no better feeling I imagine than coming to bat with the Tee and all the other players. Yeah. I feel I'm still chasing that high honestly.


Right. So you moved from T-Ball to poetry and were named the Chicago Youth Poet Laureate while you were still in high school. Do you remember any of those early poems? Well unfortunately for me, I a part of the youth poet laureate program in the city. Every poet laureate is responsible for writing a chat book. So like a mini book of poems. So I have, you know, a living archive. Right. All the poems I wrote at that time. Right. Do you ever go back and look at 'em and how do you feel about 'em? I think it's been a minute since I've looked back at them, but I think I have mixed emotions. Sometimes it's cringey just 'cause I think that having a living record of things you thought as a teenager would just be cringey probably for everyone here.


It's all true. It gets people Chance. Yeah. It's also like a chance for me the, I'm trying to do better the older I get to also, you know, treat my younger self with care and you know, appreciate what I was doing at that age. 'cause I think you take for granted Yeah, A lot. Yeah. My, my advice would be go to that young girl you once were and give her a snack in a juice box. 'cause it always worked. Yeah. Yeah. The after the game snacks. Oh, the best part of T-Ball. So good. I can see we're never gonna get off that topic. You then became, you then became, and I remember hearing about this and being very impressed. The National Youth Poet Laureate. Yeah. Right. And what kind of, I mean that sounds like a serious post.


What kind of obligations, duties, ceremonial, otherwise come with it? Yeah, So when I became the youth poet Laureate, I was the third one. So I think the program was still kind of establishing itself in, in terms of the, what it entails as a role. I think it was still kind of, you know, becoming a real tangible thing. Yeah, sure. So, so you were the third one and there have been plenty since then. Yeah. So do you look at the, the new ones like, man, y'all got it good. You know, like how college, how college athletes are getting paid a lot more money now? I don't know. I really think I only look at the new ones with admiration 'cause they're younger than me.


So I, either way, I think I would never trade places with someone who's like 19 at this age. Like Sure. No matter what I'm going through. Yeah, yeah. But, And you're 25 right now? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Almost 25. Yeah. In a couple weeks. You're, You're Not 25 yet. She's 24. You're at that age. She's like, she's like, yeah. Back in the day when I was just 19, 24 And a half. Hey, Let's talk about your music. So you have a song about the various losers you've dated. It's called Head to Blues. It's pretty scathing. And I'm wondering what has that done for your social life?


Oh, I don't know. 'cause I think that I am really associated with like-minded people, so I think it maybe only enhanced it. I feel like for people who needed that song, they really, you know, leaned into it. Yeah. And it's been fun to travel and perform that one in front of many different audiences. I had to perform at the US Ambassador in London and I did that song for the US Ambassador and she was really cool with it. I feel like she, you know, maybe related possibly And the response was positive.


Yeah. Yeah. Well there you are. Yes. The ambassador was like right over, Right over. You say Yeah girl. Well Kara Jackson, it is great to talk to you and we've invited you here to play a game. We're calling, It's a yes fun party. So you wrote a song called No Fun Party. Yes. So based on that, we thought we'd ask you about some really fun parties. Answer two to three questions correctly, you'll win our prize. One of our listeners, the voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Kara Jackson playing for Maureen Tar of Natick, Massachusetts? There you are. Alright, ready to the plane? Okay. Yeah, First question. The former executive of a company called Tyco was sent to prison back in the day for stealing money from his company to fund his lavish lifestyle, including a 2002 birthday party for his wife, which included which of these A, each guest getting a new Mercedes-Benz in a giant bag as they departed B in ice sculpture of Michelangelo's David that dispensed vodka from his little David.


Or see a musical background of instrumental versions of U2 songs played during the cocktail hour by U2. I feel like maybe it's B. It is B. So if you think about it, it's sort of like a spigot, right? The eye sculpture. Anyway, here is your next question. A British woman named Ivy Smalls celebrated her hundred and fifth birthday back in 2016. She only had one request for the party. What was it? A life-size, blown up photos of all her enemies that she had outlived.


That's what I would want. That's my kind. That's right. That's what I would want. That speaks to me. B hunky firefighters with tattoos or C pot brownies. Hmm. The first one speaks to me the most. So I want to go with a Life-sized photos of all the people she had outlived. No, it was actually hunky firefighters with tattoos. Really? Yeah. That's what you wanted. Alright, Here's your last question. Get this right, you win. Colleges are known of course for huge parties and in 20 17, 1 house party at a college in Maryland became such a rager that what happened? A NBA Scouts showed up just to recruit from the beer pong games.


B, when the cops came to bust up their party, their breathalyzers all went off just from the air inside the house. Or see the party became so big it could be seen from space. Yeah. I'm gonna go with beat. Sorry. In advance. This boy, this person. You're Right again. The air was so thick with alcohol that the breathalyzers on their belts started beeping. Bill, how did Kara Jackson do in our quiz? Two Outta three? Kara, you are the poet laureate who won the game. Congrat legend.


Kara Jackson is an award-winning poet and the celebrated singer songwriter behind Why does the Earth give us people to love and speaking from personal experience? She's a contact hitter who can hit with power to all fields. Kara Jackson, Thank You so much for joining us at Wait. Wait, don't tell me. That's it for our Wellness Retreat edition. Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z. Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our Limerick. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles dorm boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey.


Our Jolly Good fellow is Anna Anderson, the Hot Stones and our massage. Those are Peter Gwynn. Our vibe curator, editor is Emma Choi. Technical directions from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell me is Mr. Michael Danforth? Thanks to everybody you heard on the show This week. All of our panelists are special guests. Of course. Bill Curtis. And thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Peter Segel and we'll be back next week Revivified with a new sense of wellbeing. This is NPR.


This message comes from NPR Sponsor one Password. Protect your digital life with one password. If you're tired of family members constantly texting you for the passwords to streaming services, one password lets you securely share or remove access to logins, access from any device anytime. One password lets you securely switch between iPhone, Android, Mac, and PC with convenient features like autofill. For quick sign-in right now, get a free two week trial for you and your family at one password.com/npr.


This message comes from Warby Parker prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from Bombas Socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item. For every item purchased, go to bombas.com/npr and use code NPR for 20% off.