
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago. This is, Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Yes, I'm Stentorian, but I'm so much morian. Bill Curtis, And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel, Thank You so much, bill. Thank You everybody. So great to see you. It's so great to have you here. We have such a great show for you today, and it is an important one to me personally. When I was a teenager many years ago, I really wanted to be funny, so I just would repeat bits from Mon Python to charm people and it never worked for some reason.


But today I get to talk to Eric Idol, one of the founders of Mon Python, somebody who might finally appreciate my version of the Dead Parrot sketch, and I do both characters. But it's first your turn to join us by giving us a call. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Shibale from Downers Grove, Illinois. Downers Grove, not far from here in Chicago. Some people here know it. What do you do there? I am a, a product manager for a large financial company. I've always wondered about this because you're a product manager for a financial company, which technically doesn't make anything.


And does that ever bother you? Like you're saying, would you like to try one of our financial products, which only exist in concept? I mean, it's, it's a little, it's definitely very convoluted. I feel like I work on a lot of stuff that people don't see, so, yeah. Which I guess in one way it's a little less scary, so I know. Do you ever wish you could just like sell ties or something, something you could look at in your hand, Something more tangible? Yeah, definitely. Well, welcome to the show, shival. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, it's a staff writer in the Washington Post where he writes the absolutely essential Style Memo newsletter. It's Shane O'Neill. Hello Shival. Next, it's the comedian and host of the podcast Fake the Nation.


You can see here in the Muslims are coming standup show in Redding, PA on October 18th. It's Negin Farsad. Hey there. And you can see him on season five of Star Trek, lower Decks premiering October 24th. And on Mike Shores, a man on the inside on Netflix in November. It's Eugene Cordero. Hi. Hello. Hello. So Shival, welcome to the show. You're of course gonna play who's Bill this time. That's how we always start our show with Bill Curtis, giving you three quotations that we found on the week's news. Your job correctly identify or explain just two of them. Do that. You will win our prize. Any voice you might choose from our show, for your voicemail.


Are you ready to go? Awesome. I'm stoked. That's, oh, we are. We're all stoked. Here is your first quote. This is what happens when I drink beer. That was one of many presidential pronouncements from somebody's media blitz This week. Who was it? It sounds a little awkward, so I wonder if it's Trump or Vans or It's Waltz because I know Kamala Harris and Walt Tim Waltz were going on a lot of shows This Week. Well, you said it, it was Kamala Harris said the name, She said every possible answer. I mean, technically you said Every person running for every high office, but I wanted to stop you before you got down to the Senate candidates.


So Kamala Harris, the mainstream media, as I'm sure you know, has been constantly complaining that Kamala Harris has not done enough interviews with them. So This week she did a barrage of appearances with everybody but them. Harris This week appeared in the podcast Call Me Daddy and all The Smoke, the Late Show with Stephen Colbert, the View Howard Stern, and somehow she's the next bachelorette. I love the fact that she's getting on, you know, these shows where it's about getting high and the basketball players and all that stuff. Just the idea that she's doing it. I'm going like, okay, you're a real person, but also just walk through a door and I'll go, okay, you're not a ghost.


That's True. You're, you're easy to Impress. Yeah, yeah. Doesn't take much. She's been trying to appeal to more conservative voters in these appearances. So she's been talking about the gun she owns and bragging quote, I have put a lot of people in jail and quote, I am the author of Hillbilly Elegy, But she, I feel like she talked about her Glock the same way I've talked about having a tennis racket. You know what I mean? Like I have one, it's in a closet. I've used it once in a really non-serious way. Yeah. And I'd like to pretend like I don't really have one. So, but If somebody came to your house, you would play tennis. I would lie shadow with them.


I'll, I will. Yeah. So It's the same. It's the same. I just, I don't get it. I was trying to fit in with like the Salt of the Earth people at Cracker Barrel, but when I started telling everyone I had a Glock, it did not go overnight. Not at all. Alright, shival, your next quote is from a scientist named Saul Newman, who in a new study proves a very popular idea is completely wrong. People want there to be some exotic island where everything's okay. And if you eat goji berries, you are gold. Dr. Newman says that he has now proved that in fact there are no special places on earth where due to diet or climate or anything else, people do what?


Live longer. Yes. Live longer. Exactly right. For decades, we have been told about these oasis around the world of long life, and they're called blue zones by scientists. Places like Okinawa, Japan, and Sardinia, Italy, where demographic data shows that the population is living remarkably long in healthy lives. And it turns out, was it the secret diet? No. Was it lifestyle? No. Was it shoddy record keeping and pension fraud? It sure was. So it turns out all of those places reported very high average lifespans because lots and lots of people in those places were pretending their parents were still alive so they could collect their pension checks.


Now, I found this very shocking, and I've heard about this my whole life. These these places where people have figured out the secrets to their longevity. And that's led to all these diet and lifestyle books like the Sardinian Secret, the Flemish Fountain of Youth, the Okinawa method of propping up grandpa in a lifelike manner. But also that Netflix show came out like pretty recently. And ah, I'm so embarrassed because I have been that jerk at a cocktail party being like, you guys end up having, haven't heard of Blue Zones. Oh my gosh, this is what we should all be doing. We should be walking on stairs every day, like literally just spewing the stuff from that documentary at cocktail parties.


That's all I've been doing the last year. And there you go. Now you have to go back to every person you talked to those cocktail parties and tell them they were nonsense Cheetos, Eat Cheetos all day long. Might as what? I'll Tell them, I Mean, it is a bummer that there's not a secret place in secret ways to like make you like a Highlander or whatever. But I would absolute, I I I'm actually more intrigued now to go to Okinawa and see this weekend at Bernie's type of people. Yeah. Like I would be amazed by being like, wow, you kept them looking alive. How'd you do it? Like maybe their embalming is really good. Yeah, No. Ok. Canals are really very friendly. It's a very welcoming place.


Just don't ask them if you can meet their parents. Alright, here is your last quote. Wearing Them is no longer an easy way to see who's given Up. That was the Wall Street Journal telling us as they often do about the latest fashion trend wearing what all day even to the office. Pajamas. Pajamas. Yes. People are Wearing pajamas to Work Who hasn't wondered what their coworkers wear to bed trick questions. Sickos, you should never think that, but soon according to the journal, it will be impossible not to know as more people are wearing their sleepwear out and about.


Don't mind if I do commented these sleeps naked contingent. I'm sorry, this is not new. Like there was a whole squadron of girls in high school that we all called like the Cookie Monster Fleece Pants girls. It's a, it's an archetype. And if you are a bullied gay teen, all you have to do is get right with the Cookie monster fleece pajama girls and they will defend you until they die. Really? Yes. It's like the universal, I guess, you know, if this trend does, does Widen, look for the fleece cookie monster bottoms. Those girls decide if you live or die. Wow. Life lessons ladies and gentlemen from Shane O'Neill. We should know, by the way, before everybody gets too excited that all the people pushing this and all the people photographed in the journal, they're either models or they're actresses or they're fashion influencers.


That is their very good looking people. Oh, So they're not going to work Well, In a way, yeah. Bill, how did Shival do in our quiz? She's Putting on her pajamas right now because she won all pre Exactly the Winner. Yeah, You went to work. Well done Shival. I think that's Right. Now panel. It is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Nain Couples therapy isn't just for couples anymore. The latest trend is who going to get couples therapy together? Oh, Throuple.


Now by couple, I mean two people at once who are related, but you know, not in that way. Oh, Siblings. Yes. Couples therapy for siblings is now a thing. Why don't they just call it sibling therapy? I guess they could. Yeah. Well if we called it that in this context, you would've known the answer. Yeah. You know, couples therapy, as we know, is for couples trying to work out their differences. And as we all know, siblings often have differences too. So why not them? But if your session starts with your brother saying, our sex life is in a rut, you don't need couples therapy. You need real therapy now. Oh God. I mean, it seems healthy to me. It's like if you're having trouble with your sibling and you go to therapy, then the two of you, when things get too intense, you can just get back to making fun of your parents, which is the best, most bonding Thing.


That's why you, that's why you have siblings, obviously. But I don't get it because also if my parents couldn't make it work between me and my sister, how is a stranger gonna do it? Because I don't listen to my parents when they tell me that my sister was right. So I'm not gonna listen to some suit. Do it either. Well, the difference is, is the therapist will be objective and unbiased when your parents loved your sister more. Ah, you're right. Honesty. The best policy. Don't let that tear a surprise. Ooh, we're, we're like, we're here.


We're right. We're good. We're it. We have is each other and brothers Coming up. You won't be mad. O at her bluff The listener game. Call one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Cell Phones. Cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU


From NPR and WBEC Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Eugene Cordero, Shane O'Neil and Negin Farsad. And here again is your host at the St. Maker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thank You all so much. Right now it is time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter, it's Glen Str.


Hey Glen Str, how are you? Where are you calling from? I'm calling from Annapolis, Maryland. Oh great. Annapolis Capital of Maryland. What do you do there? I work for an international organization named Chicago, whose goal is to save the lives of women and babies at birth. Oh wow. That is excellent work. Do you know if any babies out there are are named after you? No. None. Yeah, thankfully. Well, Glen, it's great to have you with us. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Glen's topic? Hey there, Daddio, The word Daddio popped up prominently in the news This week and not just because of Kamala Harris' appearance on the podcast.


Call her Daddio. Our panelists are gonna tell you the real reason that word came up. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win our prize. The wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Yes, I am. Alright, first, let's hear from Eugene Cordero. When the in-flight entertainment system broke down on a flight from Sydney to Tokyo, it made it impossible for individuals to control their screens. So in a stunning show of cooperation, a group of passengers chose a movie for the entire plane to watch altogether, the movie they chose was Daddio.


For those of us who haven't seen Daddio, which is everyone on earth who wasn't on that plane, it's a 2023 film starring Sean Penn and Dakota Johnson that takes place entirely in a taxi cab and somehow manages to feature full frontal female and male nudity. How does this happen? Was the only other choice despicable me for and everyone who voted had already seen it did inside out two sound too sexual. Who would've thought that raw dogging on a flight is a safer option?


The passengers on a long flight because of a malfunction, all ended up watching the same movie Daddio, much to most people's dismay. Your next Daddio dispatch comes from Negin Farsad. Dave Pearson is a stay at home dad in Park Slope, Brooklyn, where New York City keeps helicopter parents who sign their kids up for trapeze and feminist zine building workshops. Dave was always looking for healthy snacks for his two kids, Eleanor and Henry, because if you live in Park Slope, your kids were named off of a 1940s name registry. So he created his own cereal, which he called Dios the dad joke version of Cheerios. And like Cheerios, they tasted rather bland, but unlike Cheerios, they were made from nuts, seeds, and flavored with your imagination.


But one day a video circulated among Brooklyn parents, Daddio had been featured on the OnlyFans page, hot Deliveries. In the video, a hot Instacart lady delivers the cereal to a hot client. They sexily unbox the snack in what turns into a rather steamy, albeit highly nutritious porn delivery scene. Disappointed Dave ends up changing the name of his cereal to Nutty and the rest of us are just waiting for him to see the problem with that name. A Park Slope Dad invents Daddio is his version of Cheerios and then things get unintentionally sexy. Your last story of Daddy o drama comes from Shane O'Neill.


Dios an Italian restaurant in San Antonio, Texas had been the pride and joy of the Diiorio family since they immigrated from Italy in 1976. But when owner Joseph Diiorio fell on hard times after an ill-advised investment in crypto, he sold his family's restaurant to a venture capital firm that rebranded Dios as Dios a vaguely nostalgic and very loud diner. Once the menu had Sunday sauce that marinated for hours sopped up with crusty bread baked from a closely guarded secret family recipe. Now you could order the Elvis Presley, ain't nothing but a hot dog platter with your choice of Jackie Onion Rings or Joan Crawford's hush hush puppies.


Sweet Charlotte. This was all news to Joseph's grandfather Vittorio, who paid a surprise visit to the restaurant during a day trip from his nearby nursing home. These said that doesn't even make saints, he said, Is he supposed to be the 1950s or the 1960s? Jackie Kennedy didn't marry Aristotle Nancy until 1968. And does anyone remember the movie Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte, besides gay film buffs? Alright, Dios popped up in the news This week, but what did that word refer to? Was it from Eugene Cordero, a movie called Daddio, which the passengers on a long flight inexplicably decided to watch all of them.


Or from Negin Farsad. Daddio is the breakfast cereal that took off when a Park Slope dad invented it, or from Shane O'Neill, how Aios, the classic Italian place become Dios, the retro diner, much to the dismay of the family patriarch, which was the real story we found in the news This week. Well, Peter, I did read about this and I'm going to go with Eugene. You're gonna go story number one? Yes. Okay, well then your choice is going to be Eugene's story to find out the correct answer. We spoke to a reporter covering the real story After passengers complained about Daddio, they switched it to a family friendly movie.


Yeah, that was Mary Kate Carr of the AV Club talking about the in-flight Daddio debacle. Congratulations, Glenn. You have earned a point for Eugene by simply by telling the truth and you have won our game. You get the voice of your choice in your answering machine. Well done sir. Thank You very Much. Take care Glenn. Congratulations on the very good work you do. Bye bye. And now the game where we ask people about things they know nothing about. It's called Not My Job. Eric Idle is one of the founders of Mutty Python's Flying Circus, the most influential sketch comedy show ever made.


And he is also the creator of Spamalot the Hit Musical, based on the film Monty Python and the Holy Grail. He has just published a book about the making of that musical and he joins us now. Eric Idol, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You very much. It's such, I'm, I'm just gonna put it this way, it's a lifelong dream to talk to you. In fact, when we first spoke earlier This week, you called me and I picked up the phone and you said, hi, it's Eric Idle. And I became completely incapable of human speech. And I was wondering, does that happen to you a lot because there are a lot of people like me.


Well, not not really, I mean, you know, human speech, but Thank You. It's very nice to be back in Chicago where Spa Malott started. Yes, yes, it's true. Spa Malott, you had your, what they call the Outof town tryouts here. It's very exciting. We Certainly did. Yes. Did you enjoy your time in Chicago? I loved my time in Chicago. I, I'm married to a Chicago woman and I have lots of Chicago relatives, so I'm very, you know, I love Chicago. Yeah, that's really great. It's a good town. And, and lemme put it this way, when you, when you walk the streets of Chicago, we're a very cool, sophisticated place. I know, but do people recognize you and go nuts because they like me, were Monty Python fans growing up?


Yes, sadly they do, but there's very much slow, I mean, people come up and start reciting a sketch at you that you can't say, well, how are you too? You know? I mean they, they they, they sort of remove the possibility of conversation. Right. So you just have to stand there and nod while they do the whole like nudge, nudge, wink wink thing, for example. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. So That's, is that hellish or do you just sort of accept that as the price of fame? It's fine. I mean, I, I mean, I'm glad that the nice thing about being a comedian is that people recognize you. They tend to laugh 'cause they remember you in some silly costume, usually drag or something, you know, so that, that it's not unpleasant.


It's not like rock and roll. They don't try and kill you or anything. You know. In, in addition to knowing all these rock and roll bands in the seventies, we've also heard stories that you either as yourself as a group used to throw these pretty legendary parties. Is that true? I, I've always enjoyed, we always had, I had some good parties because I, I I, you know, I like to play music and we always have singalongs and ding gongs and we still, we still do that. Right. We, we heard once that, like, you threw a party in the late seventies and the cast of Star Wars, which was filming at the time came over. Well, well, Carrie Fisher rented my house in London for filming the Empire Strikes Back, and they were very depressed. And Harrison Ford, they'd been in England for a long time, they were depressed and Yeah, that'll do it.


So I pulled out a special liquor we bought from Tunisia and the, the party started and by chance the stones were around the corner in Abbey Road and they all came round and this party went on all night and they were finally picked up by their cars at six o'clock. And we all went off to bed. And I'm happy to say I ruined one of the scenes in Star Wars. You ruined. Do you know which scene you ruined and how you ruined it? Well, because they stayed up all night. They blamed me. I mean, they're adults, you know. Right. But So They, it was a scene where they meet Billy D. Williams and they come off the plane and they, you know, Carrie says high and they're all completely high.


You know, they've been up all night. That, that is an amazing bit of Star Wars. Lord, I don't know if everybody knows it. That is amazing. Speaking of musicians, the Stones came by to your party. I also, again, for the first time found out, was it true that Elvis Presley was a big fan of yours? Ye yes. And I found that out quite surprisingly in one of the books he called everybody Squire After my Nudge Nudge Sketch. No, he did not. Yes he did. And he was a huge fan. And I, I met Linda Thompson, who was his, his girlfriend. And she said at night in Memphis, when the television stopped about two 30 in the morning, Elvis would make her do Monty Python sketches with him and not just anyone.


She'd go, hello, misses Sting, hello. Misses his entity. And I said, well, no, I don't believe you. And she, she, she convinced me finally that 'cause she knew the words. Could that be what Elvis was doing the night he died? Because you take it, I think It little harsh to blame us for that. No, But I mean, if, if, if, if you take a tour of Graceland and, and I have, they're very cagey about what he was doing the night he died, they won't tell you. And maybe it was that maybe he was, you know, just sort of shut, I think he was quite healthy sitting up in bad doing sketches with Linda, I think, think so.


I wanna, I I wanna talk to you about the musical of course, which have went on to be a huge hit. And one Tony's and then was revived and one Tony's again, you had always been a musician. In fact, you wrote, I don't know if this is your first big hit of a song, but always look in the bright side of life from the end of Life of Brian, we, we heard that that is at what, at least at one time, was the number one song played at funerals in the uk. I I'm proud to say that it still is. It's been that for 20 years, really. And Yes, I'm happy to say and replace my way. Oh, that is good.


I think, yeah, that is definitely improvement. I mean, isn't it? Have you ever and I like it. Have you ever been to a funeral and all of a sudden the, the, the choir starts, you know, it's like always local and they start doing it in harmony. No, they play the record. I'm happy to say. Oh, but unfortunately they don't pay royalties. Right. Funerals don't pay royalties. They don't. It's, I think, think it's wrong. Quite wrong. Well, Eric Idle it is a huge honor for me to, especially to talk to you and a pleasure to have you here. And we have invited you here to play a game that we are calling Spam, spam.


Spam, spam and Spam. Now, as I'm sure you know, it was that famous Monty Python spam skit that is responsible for the fact that unwanted email advertisements is called spam. But we wanted to know, even if you knew that, we wanted to know if you knew anything about spam email. So we're gonna ask you three questions about it. Answer two. Right. And you will win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Eric Idle playing for Andy Hill of Busted in Massachusetts? Alright, you ready for this? Yes. Alright, Here's your first question. The first genuine mass advertisement that people called Spam went out to the users of Usenet, a precursor to the internet in 1994.


What did it advertise? A a then unknown new TV series called Friends B, A new canned meat product called Spam plus, or see Jesus Christ I I would say Spam plus. Spam plus you think that Hormel, the manufacturer of spam, which by the way has embraced Monty Python and Spam? Perhaps not. Perhaps not. Could it be friends? Well that would be an interesting way of advertising a brand new television show on something called Usenet. Yes. So that leaves us with Jesus Christ, then It does. So in many situations In life, All you're left with is Jesus Christ.


Yes. The message was headed global alert for all. Jesus is coming soon. And it was sent to the hundreds of thousands of people who were on Usenet at the time. So not only was it annoying, it was also incorrect. So far, anyway, so Far, yes. Well it's said soon in 1994. I think we can say that it was inaccurate. Okay, here's your next question. Now, one of the odd things about spam is while that everybody hates it and they really hate the people who send it out, it doesn't make the advertisers themselves a lot of money. One study showed that you would make more money and suffered less social disapproval if you did.


Which of these? A dined and dashed once a month. B. Played saxophone in a subway car or C stole a car. I would say stole a car. Yes, that's right. Stealing a car. People don't like car thieves. It's true. But at least you could sell the car and make some money. Alright, here's your last question. One of the most notorious spammers ever was a man named Alan Roski, who was actually convicted of fraud for sending out all those spam emails. Before that though, he had another punishment. What? A, he fell for a spammer himself and ended up sending all the money he had to a fake prince B, he typed so many fake emails that his fingers all broke, or C people found his physical address and signed him up for every piece of junk mail they could find resulting in him getting thousands and thousands of magazines and pamphlets every day.


I would say, see, You are right again. Bill, how did Eric Idle do in our quiz? Well, He woke up on the better side of life because he got All right. Congratulations Eric. Thank You very much. Eric Idle is one of the founders of Money Python. He is also the Tony winning creator of Spamalot and the author of the new Spamalot Diaries Out. Now, Eric Idle an absolute pleasure to talk to You. Thank You so much for joining us. I'm Wait, Wait, don't tell me Thank You in just a minute.


Bill offers you a delicious smoothie to either drink or rub under your arms. It's your choice. It's the Listener Limerick challenge. Call one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR Wanna Know what's happening in the world. Listen to the State of the World podcast. Every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we are already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast. From NPR, Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable.


That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water that's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


From NPR WBEC Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Negin Farsad, Eugene Cordero and Shane O'Neil. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a minute, bill performs his Hit Broadway show rhyme a lot in our listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel though some more questions for you from the Weak news.


Eugene, president Macron of France has decided to publicly protest somebody who has announced their intention to leave that country. Who is it? Oh, I don't know Who's, who's leaving France on purpose. Well, specifically they'll be leaving Paris. Oh, she has to be in Paris. 'cause it's right in the title in Paris. Oh, you know this. Don't you play straight with me? Eugene. Emily. Yes, Yes. Emily in Paris. Don't you Play straight with me. Emily. In Paris is of course the hit Netflix show about a clueless American woman in Paris that Americans watch because they hate it.


And French people watch because they hate Americans. And the producers announced that for the fifth season, Emily will move to Rome. And that cannot be the French national motto is Liberte Egalite and Macron, the president of the country. Wait in he told Variety Magazine, quote Emily in Paris in Rome. Doesn't make any sense. And he's right. I mean, how is she supposed to find the time with her social schedule to also not learn Italian? Well, I mean, what are the incentives for Emily to stay? Is Macron offering bigger hats, more clashing patterns?


These are the things Emily needs to sustain herself. Well I know, did she go through every neat, cute possibility with Frenchmen that she now has to go to Italian men? Yeah. Is that what's Happening? Apparently she didn't. She had, she had gotten down to the Frenchmen who wear pajamas outside. She had to move on. I guess Eugene, nobody likes a person who brags about themselves all the time, trust me. But sometimes you need to let people know about all the great things you've done. So how do you do it according to experts? The key is while you are bragging, you also need to do what Is that like a humble Brag like it's sort of, it's it's it's related, but it's a different style of bragging. Oh, that they say is more successful.


Add a joke. Yes. Be funny. Very good. Eugene. Oh, Thanks. You ever thought of that? A team of researchers found that being funny and playful while boasting about your accomplishments helps you stay likable as you also convey confidence. They call this humor bragging a turn. Oh, I think it's also the thing Elon Musk thinks he's doing. Yes. In one of the studies they did, this was social science, ladies and gentlemen. They sent out a serious resume to a bunch of employers and then they sent out the same resume with an added joke. And that joke was quote, the more coffee you can provide, the more output I will produce.


And it got 25% more responses. But of course they were all just people writing and saying, did you just apply for a job with a poop joke? So if you're looking for a job, everybody don't write successfully, manage the team of five to increase sales by 20% or something. Right. What's the deal with the increased sales from that team? I managed, I increased profits in Q4. Orange are glad I didn't say banana, I'm Embarrassed. Hired, hired. I'm embarrassed. But like I used to have in special skills on my resume for the two and a half minute that I was trying to be a real person with a job. Languages, French, Farsi pig, Latin or something stupid like that.


And like no one, I mean, maybe that's why I am now in this fate that I have. That's good. Well by the way, this is important. And this was part of the study. They tried this self-deprecating humor doesn't work. Oh. Because then what are you supposed to do? Well, it comes across as either insincere or if it's sincere, you're downplaying your own achievements. So don't be like, oh, I won the Nobel Prize for economics. I know gross blah nerd coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks, including some Halloween night fun right here at the beautiful Studebaker Theater in Chicago.


And we'll be back at the Fox Theater in Detroit on November 14th. For tickets and information, go to npr presents.org and check out this week's how to Do Everything podcast featuring And I kid you not sir Patrick Stewart. Mooing like a cow. Hi on. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hi, this is Quinn Duffy from Glastonbury, Connecticut. Glastonbury Connecticut. What do you do there? I'm a civil engineer. I work for the state of Connecticut. Oh Really? Oh, I always love talking to civil engineers because you're one of the few jobs not having one myself that I can understand. You build stuff like bridges and highways, right? Yeah. Yep. I did bridges for the majority of my beginning of my career and now I do like railroad stations and rail adjacent facilities.


Wow. You do railroad stations. Do you ever stand in front of one and wait for people to compliment it and then just go, yeah, that, that's mine. I did that. Yeah. They mostly just walked by and on their way. Oh, it's a shame. Well, I'm very, I'm very impressed by what you do. Welcome to the show Quinn. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly on two of the limericks, you will be a winner. You ready to go? Yes sir. Alright. Here's your first limerick. As little kids walk down the blocks, they wear squishy kicks without socks. As they're pounding the street, it's deforming their feet, they're unhealthy. These shoes we call Crocs.


Crocs. Yes. We all love Crocs because they're comfortable and great for our feet, which we are now told. They're also destroying Some podiatrists say that young children should not wear Crocs because they lack arch support. Could cause gait issues. And if your kid's foot grows inside the croc, it'll look like one of them forever. Okay. As someone who has been crock pilled, I love Crocs. Are we sure these are deformities and not just the next step of human evolution? Maybe. So you're a big fan of crotch Love crotch. I I resisted for years. I know how they look. I know they're terrible, but I'm one of those jerks where just, you know, I saw Balenciaga do it and I said, what the hell?


And oh my God, there's no going back. Thank You. There's no going back. Thank You. You're using Kamala's campaign slogan for crops. We'll not go back. Here is your next limerick. Win The smoothie. Stand down by the ocean front. Its requests that just might make the owner grunt a tangy hint of the spritz that belongs on armpits. Make a smoothie that tastes like, Oh my God. It's a tough one. It is. I was reading along going, this isn't working, but there are some. We'll tell you what we'll have Bill. Do it again. Listen for that.


Thank You. Rhyme like thing that's happening. And there is a hint. Armpits is a hint. Here we go. The smoothies stand down by the ocean front gets requests that just might make the owner grunt a tangy hint of the spritz that belongs on arm pits. Make a smoothie that tastes like, Oh dear God, I have no idea. There's no way in the world you would ever guess this. Just logically, which is kind of why we're featuring it. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll give it to you. It's deodorant. Deodorant. Okay. Deodorant. Yeah. Never would've Got that. Yeah. No, we would've been here all day. It's all right.


Deodorant. A fancy LA health food store just announced a new smoothie that tastes like deodorant. Strong enough for a man, smoothie enough for a woman. The store is known for its $20 smoothies. And for this one, they partnered with an upscale deodorant brand called Salt and Stone. So if you've ever sniffed your own armpit and said, wow, I wish this was edible and had 1500 calories. This is your moment. Here is your last limerick. New viruses are an uncouth mush that they go in my mouth. Makes the youth blush. We have found brand new germs that are making a squirm in the bathroom right here on my Brush.


Yes. Toothbrush. Yes. Yeah, You did it. I Was gonna say deodorant. A scientist at Northwestern University discovered hundreds of different viruses on used toothbrushes, even though they claim that none are harmful to people. Okay. Then why would you even bring this up? Yes. This was part of a scientific exploration called really operation potty mouth to find microbes that live around us in daily life. And it turns out there are uncounted numbers of microbes, species in our toothbrushes and showers and toilets that have never been discovered before.


I mean, I, I feel like it, it makes me feel less lonely in the world. Good For you. Just to know that there are thousands of new, just A ou new species we're, you know, we're never quite alone. You know. Weird way. Bill, how did Quinn do on our quiz? Two outta three. Good for another bridge. Yay. Quinn, congratulations. Thank You so much. This has been a childhood dream of mine. I'm so glad. Thank You Quinn for playing. Bye-bye. Thank You.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation. Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there.


The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR. Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Eugene and Nain each have three and Shane has two. Alright. Eugene and Nain are therefore tied for first and Shane is in second place. So Shane, you will be Up First. The clock will start. Renee, begin your first question, fill in the blank, asserting it harms children's mental health. 14 states have filed a suit against social media at blank TikTok. Right. This week, Jessica Campbell became the first ever female coach in the blank.


NBA, No NHL. Since entering the presidential race in July, blank has raised over a billion dollars. Harris? Yes. Transportation. Campaigners who are trying to keep cyber trucks outta the Czech Republic. Say the cars are quote too blank for European roads. Ugly. That's right. They say too big and too sharp on Tuesday. Blank. Once again, raised ticket prices for their theme parks. Six flags. No. Oh, Disney. It must be it was Disney. Yes. On Wednesday, Raphael Nadal announced his upcoming retirement from Blank Tennis. Yes. This week a staff member at a museum in the Netherlands had to apologize for throwing away two crushed beer cans without realizing they were blank Installation art. Yes, They were. Ah, Woo.


According to the artist, the two empty beer cans that were placed inside a transparent elevator shaft symbolized quote, precious moments with my friends. Unquote. An elevator technician was like, oh. And he picked them up and he threw them out. Fortunately, they recovered completely unharmed. And now that engineer has a really great excuse. The next time he's sitting around having a beer, I'm not drinking in the job, I'm making art Bill, how did Shane O'Neill do in our quiz? Hard to beat six, right? 12 more points. 14 is the total and the lead. Alright, Nain, I'm gonna arbitrarily choose you to go next. Here we go. Fill in the blank. On Monday, a new report showed that in 2020, Donald Trump promised a secret shipment of COVID-19 testing equipment to blank.


Oh, Lair Putin. Who else? Yes. On Tuesday the union representing over 30,000 striking airplane mechanics said that talks with blank have broken down. Boeing. Right. This week the National Weather Service warned that an intense blank could disrupt satellite operation. Solar Shower. Yes. On Monday, the largest water utility company in the US said it was the target of a blank attack. A, a cyber attack. Right. This week, a woman in Washington state who spent decades feeding raccoons outside her home called 9 1 1 because blank. They Attacked her. Yes. Her house was overrun with a hundred hungry raccoons. Thursday, human rights advocate. Ethel Kennedy, the widow of blank passed away at 96.


Kennedy. Which one? There have been a lot Like one of the main ones. It was Robert Kennedy Sr. This week a beach cleanup crew in Denmark who posed for photos with what they thought was a four foot long seas snake. Have since learned it was in fact blank. A toy? No. A giant attached whale. Penis. I'm sorry, did you say attached or Detached? I said detached. Oh, okay. I was gonna say if you didn't see the rest of that whale. Yeah. The two men. The two men posted the photo before realizing what they were actually actually holding.


It's an understandable mistake, but it doesn't explain why passengers on that flight from Sydney to Tokyo voted to look at the picture for two hours instead of watching inside out Two. Bill, how did Nain doing? Our quiz? Five. Right? 10 more points. Total of 13. She trails Shane by one. And And how many does Eugene need to Win? Six to win. Here we go, Eugene. This is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, the US government hinted they may break up search giant blank Google. Right. This week the CDC confirmed a fourth case of blank flu in California Swine, No bird flu On Wednesday. Sources said that North Koreans were fighting alongside Russians in blank In Ukraine.


Right. This week police confirmed that a suspicious package left outside a news station in Baltimore. Was blank. A bomb. Just an old toilet. On Wednesday, pop star on Wednesday, pop star blank donated $5 million toward hurricane relief efforts. Oh, that's sweet. Taylor Swift. Right. On Friday, south Korean author Han Kong was awarded the blank prize for literature. Oh, the Nobel piece. Yes. This week a court in South Korea ruled that a man couldn't be charged with drunk driving because he blanked after getting pulled over. Made It art. No. Chugged an entire bottle of alcohol according to the cops who pulled him over. The 60-year-old man got out of the car and immediately pulled out a bottle of liquor and drank the whole thing.


And This week a court ruled that because he had drank so much immediately after he was pulled over and was out of the car, any breathalyzer test would be invalid. Pretty smart. Smart. Smart. Yes. Yeah. I mean, how could you know what his blood alcohol level was when he had just swapped out all of his blood for alcohol? Wow. Writing that down for the future. Yeah. Bill, did Eugene do well enough to win Shane? No, he did not. Shane is saying Just, just know. Just know. Don't even bother giving the score. Just move On. Shane is the winner This week. Congratulations Shane.


Now coming up, our panelists will predict now that the blue zones have been debunked, what will be the next thing to be revealed as a hoax? But first, let me tell you, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me the production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Goer writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane Donald, thanks to the staffing crew at the Stude Bakker Theater. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Dobos and Lillian King. Special thanks to Blythe Roberson and Monica Hickey This week. Peter Gwyn escaped. Look out. Emma Choi is our vibe Curator, technical Directionist from Lorna Whiter CFO's. Colin Miller, our production manager is Robert Newhouse, our senior producer. That's Ian Schlog and the executive producer.


Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Michael Danforth now panel? What would be the next big hoax to be revealed? Eugene Cordero. That your only fan account that you follow, that that person actually does. Like you Negin Farsad. The commonly held belief that if you step on a crack, you'll bakery your mother's back is in fact untrue. You can step on multiple cracks. And Shane O'Neill, Tim Walls is actually a bachelor from Mississippi. Well, if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it on Wait, Wait, don't tell Me. Thank You so much, Bill. Curtis, thanks to Eugene Cordero. Negin Farsad. Shane O'Neill, thanks to our fabulous audience here at the Studio Bicker Theater in downtown Chicago.


And thanks to all of you out there for listening wherever you are. I am Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms apply.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NBRs. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.