
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


from NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the voice. So Rich Forbes, put it on a list. Gki Ayson. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. Filling in for Peter Segel. Tom Papa. Thanks Gki. And Thank You everybody. This week was President's Day and we're honoring George Washington's 293rd birthday by trying to bake a cake you can safely eat with a wooden teeth. Just be careful blowing out those candles. George, or your whole mouth is gonna go up in flames.


And since we're already celebrating, let's keep the party going with one of our favorite guests from the past few years, actor, writer, and comedian John Leguizamo. Peter started by asking him how it felt to finally achieve the pinnacle of show business success. His own PBS special Yes. An overnight success after 40 years. So the series American, his history of the untold history of Latinos, I understand, was inspired by one of your many one man shows in this case, your own personal examination of Latino history, right? Yes. You know, it, it was based on Latino Latin history from morons because I, I learned my son was being bullied and I wanted to give him weaponize his knowledge and his history of his people.


You know, I, I didn't know we finished building the railroads. I didn't realize we were the first fighters to create unions in the 1930s. And then, you know, we, we've been persecuted, but we've also contributed so much. We just reached a milestone last year. We contributed $3.2 trillion to the GDP yearly as a Latino culture. Wow. My son is a huge fan of yours. And by that of course, I mean, because of your Ice age movies and TV shows. Yes. I'm so happy to hear that. He's, Thank You. We're about to do ice age six. I, yeah, I, Wow.


So you play for those unlucky not to have seen the 4,000 Ice Age movies and TV shows and video games. You play Sid the slot, the prehistoric sloth. And we read that you actually got really deep into the research for his voice. Is that right? Well, You know, yeah. 'cause I did, I did like 50 Voices for the director, Chris Wedge. And he wouldn't, he said that, I just want you to do your voice. I go, I don't wanna do my voice. I wanna do a voice. I, I, I'm, I'm an actor, so I did, you know, Southern voice for the slot. 'cause he's slow. Then I went a little more ghetto on him. Come on, come what you want, what you want? And he goes, nah. So then I, I got Discovery channel footage and I saw that slot start food in their cheek pouches and they, it would ferment and they'd get drunk.


And so I started eating the sandwich and I put in my cheek pouches and I walked around the house waiting for it to ferment and it didn't, but then I got fluffy slushy in my mother, and I called it right to Chris, guess who this is? And he's like, I have no idea. Hit the sloth. I found myself. And that's how I did the book. Wow. That's amazing. You do, You Do belong on PBS. Yeah. Next time I'm sitting watching the movies with my son, I'm gonna say, you know, that's historically accurate. You, you, among the many, many things you do, you've done these one man shows where you play all these characters and as you just demonstrated, you're really, really, really good at voices. Have you ever used that power for evil?


Yes, of course. I mean, when I was much younger it was great 'cause pe people, you know, when the school would complaining would call my house and I would, I would answer my mom and I go, oh, he, he, he what? No, he's, he's fantastic. Oh, you, you, you you want to expel him? Well expel it for me. And I would mess with them for hours and they wouldn't be able to expel me. Really? You tried To Expel me. Yeah. Did your mother know you were doing that? No. Please. But now she knows now because you blabbered You, you mentioned your mother. We also read that like your mother to this day sees like everything you do and offers a critique afterwards.


Yeah. My mom's very judgmental and I think I get it from her a little bit. We both watch PBS too Much. Yeah, I know, man. I'm telling you. And she does. She comes to every show and like she sits front row and, and then she comes afterwards. Oh Joan, that was fantastic, but I didn't really like the punchline. It didn't really hit the way I thought it would hit. It didn't murder. And I was like, mom, please stop criticizing. You're just my mom. Just be unconditionally loving for once. Is is, is she gonna critique this? Is she gonna listen and go, oh, I don't think you talked about me enough. I'm Not gonna tell her About this. Okay. Yeah. Alright, that's fine. That's the Only way to keep her away. Well John Leguizamo, it's such a pleasure to talk to you again. And this time we have asked you here to play a game that we are calling.


Can we fix it? Yes, we can. So this year, as I'm sure you know, because everybody's been celebrating this year, marks the 25th anniversary of Bob the Builder. Oh wow. The Beloved kid show about a British contractor whose trucks are alive. So in honor of that, we're gonna ask you three questions about, I guess we'd call him Mr. Builder, get two outta three. Right? You'll won our prize. One of our listeners, bill, who is John Leguizamo playing for Nora Wing of Ithaca, New York. Alright, here's your first question. You ready? Nah, go for it. I'll do my Best here. Bob. The builder is popular around the world, but some changes needed to be made internationally for, to show there, including which of these A in France, they had to add clocks to the background to prove that no one goes over their 35 hour approved work.


Week B in Canada, Bob always includes maple syrup as a construction material in his projects, or c in Japan, they had to add a fifth finger to his animated four finger hand. So that kids did not think Bob the builder was a member of the Yakuza. Oh shoot, that's, that's, I'm gonna go with Canada and maple syrup. 'cause it sounds ridiculous but plausible. So You think that Bob, the builder in Canada, they just cut in things as in now to like, to make sure this sticks. Here's some maple syrup. That's And they go a, sorry, A Oh wow. I thought I was that, that was amazing. I thought I was in Toronto. No, the, the answer was actually C You see, as is well known in Japan, if you're a Yakuza member and you displease your boss, they cut off one of your fingers.


So a four fingered animated character would have unpleasant connotations. Oh, That's Dark. It is. It really is. I didn't wanna go that dark. Alright, Here's your, your next question, John, you have two more chances. Bob. The Bilder is more than just a very popular kids TV show. Which of these is another example of Bob's cultural dominance? A he once went to number one on the UK singles charts with a cover of Mambo number five B. Alexander McQueen had an entire runway show of Bob the builder inspired designs. Or C he had a bestselling cookbook called, can you Bake It? Yes you can. Oh man, I'm gonna go with a You're good With a you're right. Yes. He did a cover of, oh, finally Mambo number five.


What did we leave? Alright, you have one more question. If you get this right, you win Bob the builder popped up in a surprising place a few years ago when people browsing the on demand menu of Britain's Channel five. Saw a picture of Bob as the image representing what show A, the season premier of Britain's got talent. BA documentary about nine 11 or C the movie Eyes Wide Shut. Eyes wide shot, sort of the the, the sexual All The sexual, yes, I know. Yes. Just Bob. You know, just imagine Bob the builder wearing one of those weird masks that Tom Cruise was having. You know, I'm, I won't picture that.


So I'm gonna go with a again, you're Gonna go with a, again, Britain's Got talent, the idea of like, oh, this guy's got talent. He can build stuff. Yeah, he can build things, right? Yeah. I mean, Sadly the answer was be a documentary about nine 11. I mean, wait, no, I meant BI meant B. You meant, oh, we meant B, he meant B Bill, he meant B. Let's give it to him. Yeah. Okay. I'm sure, I mean, I, I thought I misheard you. I and of course you were right. I have an Accent. Have a New York City accent. Exactly. Yeah. And IAB Yeah, exactly. B you know, apparently if the way it worked was if Channel five, you know, and this how it works, you turn on your streaming service, there are these icons indicating the shows you could be watching. True. And when Channel five, they didn't happen to have a picture to go with any given show. They just plugged in a picture from Bob the Builder.


So Bob was the image for this nine 11 documentary and also something called Murdered by my Daughter. So Bill, how did John Leguizamo do in our quiz? Two out of three. Yay. Two outta three now. You did good. I'm amazing. I'm I'm, I'm brilliant. I belong on PBS. John Leguizamo was an actor, writer, and producer whose new series VCE American historian at the Untold History of Latinos premieres on PBS September 27th. John Leguizamo a great thing to talk to you again. Thank You so much. Good luck With the show. We'll see you next time. Thank You. Thank You. So fun. Thank You. Thank You. Thank You. Bye-bye.


Before we wrap up this segment, here's a fun moment with some of our panelists. Paula, one of the most famous prehistoric animals was the saber-toothed tiger. Sure. Fierce and deadly predator. Oh yeah. And scientists now believe they know why they went extinct. What was it? Because they weren't creating, Huh? I mean, that has to be correct. That that is Well, Yeah. More specifically a lot of the males became unattractive. Why The tooth? Exactly. They went extinct because of their very big teeth. Yeah. It's Just not appealing to a female of any species.


A saber toothed tiger. A formally a smile Adon, informally Bernie, A Smile Adon. Yes. That's so adorable. That's like a Children's story. If you talk to a paleontologist and say, oh, do you work with saber-tooth tigers? They'll go, there's no such thing as a saber tooth tiger. They're called smile ADONs. How do You know that you Really, because You Talked, I have been reading a lot of books about old animals with my son. I'm not sure what level these books are because really there's one wherein it said, don't talk to scientists who study this and mention Saber Tooth tiger because they will just lose it. Yeah. Ridiculousness. I would like Wait, Wait, don't tell me it has a website, doesn't it?


I believe we do. Yes. Okay. I wanna see a copy of the book that has, that cautions the reader. Yes. The young reader. Yeah. I, I'm assuming, how old is your son that You're reading this book? You are? My son is four, Yeah. Oh yeah. You're Not one of those parents who's already pushing your kid to get into college. Are you? All right. I want you to go to college, but here's a tip when you get in There, Do not Say the love of God. Yeah. Your mother and I love you very much, but there's away one thing up with which we come On put Coming up.


It's like, Wait a minute. Coming up. What's the name of the book When we come back? Super producer, Mark Ronson and Ultra Runner Tara Dower. One of them had their toenails surgically removed, but you're gonna have to wait to find out which one. That's when we come back with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna, and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus


These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week, we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson and here's your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago, Filling in for Peter Segel. Tom Papa. Thank You Chichi. This week we're celebrating President's Day by building our own team of rivals with some of our favorite guests from the past few years. I'm having so much fun, I can't wait to see what we do for Autocrats Day next year. Well, we prepare for that. Here's our interview with Grammy winning producer Mark Ronson. When he joined us in August of 2023, guest host Nain Fsad asked him if he remembered the first time he heard the mega hit Uptown Funk in the wild.


I do, I remember being in an Uber and hearing it, like, I think I was like coming home, maybe I was a little drunk coming home from a club at two in the morning and I, it was like, it was the first time I ever heard it on the radio and it was the most exciting thing ever. And I remember saying to the driver, I was like, this, this is me. But He's listening to like Bruno Mar going like, don't believe it, you know? And he's like, doesn't sound like you. Like I, I'm like, obviously no, I mean, I, I produced it. But anyway, no, it was so exciting. Did you have a inkling then that it was gonna be this worldwide phenomenon? Well, not by the Uber driver's reaction, but I also thought that, I thought, I, I I, you know what?


It was that song we worked on for a really long time, about seven or eight months because Bruno was so, such a perfectionist. I kind of am, Jeff Bas the other producer. We are in our work. So by the time we finally stopped bickering about it and got it to a point where we all felt good, we're like, wow, if it, if it passed this peanut gallery, at least we know, you know, we feel good about it. But what everything that happened after that was just such a wonderful thing. I mean, when you put a song out, it's no longer yours. It belongs to everybody. And then they decide what happens with it. So that's kind of what happened with that song. So I wanna talk to you a little bit about being a dj. We talked before the show and as you know, I have in fact shaken my booty as it were at a club where you were DJing.


And it was just an incredible night. It was so fun. But it made me think, you probably see a lot of weird stuff on the dance floor. Are you like basically embarrassed for everyone as you see them dancing to your music or No, that I, any if anybody's dancing, that's good enough for me. So I, I mean I have seen some, one of my favorite things, you know, in my early days of DJing in clubs in New York in the nineties, RuPaul once came into the club. It was somewhere where I was DJing and, and this was when Ru was in sort of plain clothes in a very handsome suit and came out to me. It was just like at the end of the night, you're making me dance so much, you're making my booty hurt.


And I just thought that That was So cool that I put that on a business card. I just made business cards that just said like, you're making my booty hurt. RuPaul available for weddings and bar mitzvah. Well, let's talk about Barbie, another worldwide phenomenon. I wanna talk to you about scoring the movie, which you also did. Now that you've scored a movie, do you find yourself scoring like dramatic moments in your own life or just like mundane, like you're just, you're just like chatting with the barista and then it's like, It's funny 'cause now I'm just so hyper attuned to like, it could be the music in a Burger King commercial.


I'm like, oh, I see why they did that. Now that Song, that song legit slaps slap. Have it your way. Slap Slap. So I heard this weird factoid about you. Is it true that the song, I Wanna Know What Love Is, was written about your mom? Yes, that is absolutely True. I would hope so. 'cause that would've been insulting. You can't talk about somebody's mama like that. Yeah, my, my stepfather's Mick Jones who, who my, my mom married when I was a 10 and he wrote that song, you know, for her. And it's like, I mean it's definitely setting the bar pretty high, like as a kid.


Like, okay, well you're not gonna write anything as good as that for anybody. But also what was more funny is that he had written a song, he tried to tell that he wrote the song Waiting for a Girl like You as well. That was another big ballad that he had for her. And she was like, you wrote that song like five years before you met me. It was like, right. But I was waiting for a girl like You Now that that's, that's, that's man math right there. I know. Well Mark, we've asked you here to play a game that we are calling. What about that downtown funk?


So you of course release the smash Hit Uptown Funk. So we're gonna ask you about downtown funk or stinky city smells. And amazingly in this quiz we only use the word urine Once. Now answer two out of three questions correctly and you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who's Mark Ronson playing for? Brad Martin of Seattle, Washington. Alright, It's a 2 0 6. I have to represent to Brad. Let's go. Let's go. All right, here's your first question. Most towns come to their funks naturally, but some create their own, including Lincoln, Nebraska, which in the winter smells like, what is it a nutmeg which they mix in with their road salt.


Is it B new car smell from their factory that makes artificial new car smell kicking up production? Or is it C animal P which they spray on their pine trees to keep people from stealing them for Christmas trees? I'm gonna go with C 'cause that's the funkiest And that is correct. The answer is Animal Tree. The whole thing about the funk and I know that I'm not on camera for most people is like that kind of face, you know? And like nutmeg does not make you me. Alright, here's your next question.


Lots of cities have bad smells, but not every city has a song about how bad it smells. Which of these is a real recording? Is it A the aroma of Tacoma? Is it B My dear Eureka, how eureka? Or is it c Pueblo, Colorado smells like a rotten egg made of dead skunks. Good luck punching that one up. Ronson, I'm gonna go with a Yes. It is the aroma of Tacoma. Some, some combination of a paper mill, an oil refinery and Tacoma's natural stank made a smell so strong it was immortalized in song.


Not gonna lie, it's a bop. Do you know that that mill is closing down? So the aroma of Tacoma is going away in the next like few months. So Sniff It while you got it, people. Alright, so here is your last question. GQ Magazine published a list of the best smelling cities in the world, including New Orleans, which they praised for. What combination of scents? Was it a incense and sweat? Was it B Old beer and frying fat? Or was it C strawberry hurricanes and puked up strawberry hurricanes?


I just C sounds so good. I'm sorry. The answer is B, old beer and frying fat. Got New Orleans on the good smelling list. Yeah. Alright, bill, how did Mark do on our quiz? Well, He's a winner. Two out of three, mark. Congratulations. We'll give you another Emmy for this. Mark Ronson is a Grammy and Oscar winning producer, writer and DJ who composed the score and produced the soundtrack for the Barbie movie. Mark Ronson, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thanks so much.


In November this past year, we talked to Ultra runner Tara Dower. She had just become the fastest person to ever complete the Appalachian Trail, having hiked all 2,200 miles in just over 40 days. The numbers were so unbelievable, Peter had to double check them. First question, did we get the numbers right? About 2200 miles end to end Maine to Georgia, and you did it in 40 days, 18 hours, five minutes, is that right? Six minutes. Oh, Excuse me. Oh, you are Scrupulous. So break that down to travel that far. In that period of time, how far did you have to travel per day and and how much time did it take to travel to run every day?


The least amount of miles I did in a day was about 35. And the most I ever did was 62 in a day. And I was every day I was moving for about, on average like 17 and a half hours A day. 17 and a half hours. Okay. That's kind of amazing. And and how much were you able to sleep On average? About five hours. And at what point, I mean, I guess you ran from Maine to Georgia. So at, were you by the, were you starting to hallucinate by the time you were in New York say? Yeah. Well, the compounding exhaustion came around. I'd say Maryland. It got pretty bad. I remember some like little hallucinations. I had like little devils sitting on logs.


Oh my God. And I saw white cat and a lion, and I saw my friend sitting on a logs. Oh my gosh. So the hallucinations were getting pretty bad around like the middle of the trail. Maryland is about halfway through. Well, it's got my must be comforting knowing like that's not real. There's not a cat and a devil here. Like, I might as well just keep running like there's no threat, you know? Yeah. You're, Well, you know, I've had hallucinations during a hundred mile races that I've done, and some of those have been really concerning. Yeah. And I think, you Know, oh, give us an example. I'm lucky there was like a hunter with a huge, huge ginormous gun and he was like asking me where I was going and what I was doing and I was like, oh crap.


Like, is this real? And it was in the middle of the night. It was at 2:00 AM on a trail by myself. You Know, if you ask a hallucination, if they're hallucination, they have to tell you there's a rule. Do you eat While you run? Yes. Yeah. I, I mean that's, you have to like be utilizing, you have to eat wherever you can. I mean, I'm eating, oh, I think it was like eight to 10,000 calories a day. So, I mean, you just have to like eat and run. You have to do as much as you can when you run. And did people bring you, the only time I stopped during the day was to use the bathroom. Yeah. They Have bathrooms in the trail. That's nice. And so, so when you say you're eating, so you're just like, people are, She thought it was a bathroom.


You may have been hallucinating a bathroom. It could be someone's car. You can't guarantee that was a bathroom. So you're run. So I'm, I'm trying to figure out, you're running along and like your friends are with you, you have a lot of support, I know in order to do this. And they run up to you and they give you, hand you a banana or whatever it is you're eating and you just stuff it in your face and you keep running. Yep. Yep. That's, that's about it. Yeah. Just keep moving. Eat. My favorite was gummies and I like rice crispy treats and goldfish. I loved goldfish. Right. Wow, that's so Unhealthy. Yeah, it's the calories. Is that right? I was just Like, I was expecting you to be like broccoli and then other forms of broccoli.


A couple more questions. First of all, I understand that you said once that you are, you have decided after, after lots of experiences, negative, positive, but you've just decided that you're done with toenails. Oh yeah. I got my, I got four toenails permanently removed before I went out on the trail. And that was the best decision I ever made. Wow. You just were, you were done with them. You were like, you were tired of them getting bloody and and coming off. Oh Yeah. How did you They would fall off off all the time. Were you playing This little piggy and you were like, this little piggy goes, this little Piggy Gets slaughtered. Yeah. That that was it. We did any mey, miny mo? No.


So my big toenails are always the ones during these feats, they always like fall off and it's very painful and they get infected. And so I was like, that one's coming off. And then, you know, I asked the podiatrist if we could take 'em all off and he was like, no, but we can do, we can do two at a time. So I decided I to them It's a choice. Toes, What's next? What's, what's the next achievement? And and when are you gonna be ready to do it? Yeah, I guess tonight. And to see how fast I can get through, you know, a pint of ice cream. There you go. Now we're talking. Now we're talking. Well, Tara, we are delighted to talk to you and we have asked you here to play a game that this time we are calling Try a stroll down these Appalachian tales.


So you ran the whole Appalachian trail, but you went through it too fast this last time to hear any of the myths and legends of that particular region. So we're gonna ask you three questions about folk tales from the places you ran through. And if you get too right when our prize for one of our listeners, the voice of anyone there, like on their voicemail. So Joshua, who was Tara playing for? Sarah Odell of Redmond, Washington. Okay, here we go. Here's your first question about Appalachian Tales in West Virginia, they still celebrate the Moth man. That's the mysterious creature that first appeared in 1966. Near Point Pleasant West Virginia. What was the headline in the Point Pleasant Register newspaper The day after the Moth Man's first sighting.


Was it A Insects seemed to be rather large this year? B couples C Man sized bird creature something or C, annual Rummage Sale draws record crowds. Oh, I'm gonna have to say B, You're gonna go be couple C man sized bird creature something. You're right. Yeah. Yes. To be fair, it it, it was something. And there is now an annual Maman festival in Point Pleasant. If you wanna go down there and find out all about it, that's so Cool. She's like, it's a hallucination. Yes. Alright, here's your next question. Now, while Moth Man is probably the most famous Appalachian crypted, he's not the only one out there.


Next time you run the trail, you might also run into witch of these A, the phantom trucker who stopped to use the bathroom at south of the border and never returned. B, the lost hiker and angry Ghost who died of starvation and demands trail mix from every passerby or see a Bigfoot like creature called wood booger. Oh, oh man, I'm gonna have to say B. You're gonna it for the lost hiker that goes, that demands trail mix from every passerby. No, it was the wood booger. Yeah. Yeah. He's called the, he's called the wood booger because he's, he's like the boogieman that not, he's not because of his, you know, texture. He's the boogieman.


Okay, last question. If you get this one right, you win. Oh no. You've heard of Sasquatch, right? There are stories of Sasquatch in the area, but in West Virginia there is a terrifying beast that unlike Sasquatch walks on all fours, right? Sasquatch stands up, what do they call this mysterious creature? A, the sheep Squat B. Big feet or C independent Senator Joe Manchin. I would say A, you're gonna do it for a sheep squat. That's right, Tara. Yay. It's called the seat. It's called Sheep squat because of its thick white fur.


Or so they say, Joshua, how did Tara Dower do in our quiz? Well, normally she just got the two points, but every one of the toes that she sacrificed is actually worth a quarter point. So we're just gonna give you a perfect score. Nicely Done. Yay. Tara Dower is the fastest person ever to complete the Appalachian Trail. Tara Dower, Thank You so much for joining us at way we Done. Yeah. And get some rest. Take care. Bye-bye. When we come back, one of the most fashionable people to ever walk a red carpet and the actor who made jury duty look fun, that's when we come back with more.


Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR


Cell phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, It can be Hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting ready, making DEO, or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR,


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago. Filling in for Peter Segel. Tom Papa. Thanks Chichi. This week we're honoring President's Day by listing as many executives in chief as we can. So far I've got Washington Lincoln and the guy Harrison Ford played on Air Force One. We'll keep working on our list. In the meantime, here's some great guests from the recent past In February of 2023, guest host Peter Gross talked with Tony Grammy and Emmy winner Billy Porter, who became iconic for his amazing elaborate Red carpet looks.


Peter asked him about how he almost skipped acting entirely to become a Pentecostal preacher. And I preached my first sermon when I was probably around 10 or 11 and I knew immediately, nope. Well, we're All, it's not the traditional, you know, it's not the traditional way. We're very happy that you were so unhappy at that point. You are a style and fashion icon in addition to we will get to, you know, the the performing and stuff that you do. But I'm really, as somebody who you can't see me Billy, but I am wearing an extremely boring outfit.


But Yeah, just to, just to follow up on that Billy Peter's outfit right now, he bought at white cis man White cis Hetero man.com. Yeah. He, he, he kind of looks like he's about to ask us. I'm sorry. He looks like he's about to ask us to leave the restaurant. Adam, you can stay, but no, Billy. Oh my God, that's hilarious. My question was gonna be, you, you are always sort of pushing the envelope and every time you have a a look that's, it's a, a goes in a new direction and it's sort of stakes out new ground. Do you feel sort of pressure every time you have a new event? Like what is it like for you to sit with a designer and think, what are we gonna do next?


How am I gonna top my last thing? Or do you even feel that pressure? No, I don't really feel that because it is what comes naturally for me. Good. And I also have a styling team, Ty Hunter and Colin Anderson and sometimes others. That's fine. And you know, I have a lot of, I, I choose it, but they know what I like. Yeah. What Options to give you. Yeah. Can I ask a question? Whenever I see people on the red carpet, there's always someone skulking behind them, like tugging at a hem or something or you know what I mean? Like positioning the gap. Who is that person and how the name of that, how did they get into that job?


I just really want to tug at things for a living. That's really, that's really funny. Most of the time it is either a publicist because they don't let a whole lot of people on the red carpet anymore, specifically. Oh, I know. Since Covid you don't have A whole lot. Well also Billy, many of your outfits are very large. They take them a lot of space. So you're, you're a perfect person for the Covid era because if you're wearing, you know, are there Totally. Are there any things, any things that you've worn on the red carpet that's like extremely fashionable and extremely stylish but also extremely uncomfortable that then like during the award ceremony or the event that you're in, you're just like, I'm gonna change it to some sweatpants.


'cause I'm gonna sit here for three hours. I can't be sitting in this like bird cage looking cape thing or whatever. Yeah, you, you have to think about that and think about what you're going to take off. Yeah. The hat that I wore to the Grammys that opened and closed. Yep. For people who don't know, it was this hat that sort of had this, not not, it was like 180 degrees sort of curtain that was motorized and he sang. It was very heavy and it motorized, it just opened up like a curtain in front of his face. It hurts so bad. It left a mark. Oh. Oh my god. Almost cut me. It left an indentation. It was so heavy. I was gonna say, you're a singer, you're an actor, you're a director, you have a degree in screenwriting.


Is there anything that you're like bad at? Yes. A lot of stuff. I can't draw. I can't play the piano. That's my biggest dream. I think it's, it's God's way of making sure I stay humble. If I could sit down and play the piano for myself while I sang, I wouldn't be nobody. So you're in this new movie, 80 for Brady, about four women in their eighties who go see Tom Brady in the Super Bowl. Can you tell us about it? First of all, it's the gayest sports film ever made, and I don't know, mighty Ducks and, And it creates a, a conversation subversively.


It doesn't seem like we would be together, but yet we are. Did you and the story reaches everybody. Did you talk him into retiring again? What do you think he should do? That was not me. What can you see Tom Brady doing next? What would be a fun sort of like left turn thing for him to do? I mean, I love you all and I love Tom Brady, but I don't have the brain space to think about what he should do next. You got it up for himself. Got it. You got it. Oh, this has been really, My brain is already full up. Good. Yeah, you think about you, you think about you Billy Porter and you know, we're gonna think about you too because we have asked you here to play a game that we are calling and MB Davis as Alice, your new movie is about a bunch of Tom Brady fans.


So we thought that we would ask you about the original Brady Bunch, which is the Brady Bunch. Okay. Okay. So answer, okay. Answer two of our three questions correctly about the most successful second marriage in TV history and you will win our prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who is Billy Porter playing for? Ke Kim Of Los Angeles, California. Alright, here we go. Here's your first question for our younger listeners. The Brady Bunch was a sitcom about a blended family with three boys and three girls. And one source of tension was that all six kids shared one bathroom, which was especially difficult. Y was it A, each kid used a different shampoo. So there was barely room in the shower for a person.


B, the bathroom didn't have a toilet or C, the bathroom didn't have any doors. Something weird. I Wanna say C. C. The bathroom didn't have any doors. Yeah, the answer was actually B, the bathroom did not have toilet. The toilet. Yep. It did not have a toilet. What, in 1970? Here's why in 1970 you could not show a toilet on television. What? Really? Yep. That's why those kids all held it in for five years. Pretty insane. Okay. You still have two chances to win here, Billy. So we're gonna keep going. Here's your next question. Okay. Okay. I watched the Brady Bunch a lot, but I didn't watch it like that.


No, I'm, and I'm glad you didn't. I'm glad you didn't. In one of the most famous episodes, Peter Brady hits Marsha with a football and he breaks her nose. So how did the director of the episode film that stunt? Was it a, they used a macrame football that the director's wife had made? Was it B Maureen McCormick, the actress who played Marsha threw a football away from her face and then they ran the film backwards. Or was it C? They actually hit Maureen McCormick in the face with a football. Alright, I'll say C, You'd be right. Yay. Very good. They actually did it several times apparently because the prop guy offscreen kept missing her nose.


Wow. So they had to do it over and over again. Okay, here's your last question. If you get it right, you're gonna See that's before there were laws. Yeah, It's called Marsh Law. You Got laws in place now. I know. It's called Marsh's Law. It's called Marsha's Law. Very specific. You can't throw anything up harder than a taco in someone's face. I know. Alright, here's your last question. Nowadays, the, the Brady Bunch is considered a classic, but in the 1970s, the cast, they weren't really such a big deal. For example, which of these is true? Was it A, they had to pay to park at the lot at A, B, C. B. The cast was not provided food except for the bag lunches that Carol Brady made during the episode.


Or C, the then president of a BC thought that all of their last names were actually Brady. I think A, You'd be right again. It was a, they had to pay to park at a b, c bill. How did the other bill Billy Porter do on our quiz? Billy Porter got two out of three. You won Billy. Great job. Oh, Thank you Billy. It was a pleasure. You are a treasure and it was just a real joy to talk to you. Oh, Thank You. Yeah. You can see Billy Porter in the new film 80 for Brady, Billy Porter. Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Thank You so much. Bye-bye.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With fin you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR,


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR.


Finally in June of 2023, we talked with actor James Marsden, who had just starred in jury duty, the hidden camera sitcom, where one normal unsuspecting guy thought he was the foreman on a real case, and that one of his fellow jurors was actor James Marsden. You know what? We'll just let him explain It. Basically it was how do we create the office with all populate the jury duty with, you know, a bunch of improv artists myself playing a, a kind of heightened version of myself, a sort of entitled Hollywood celebrity version of myself and one guy that thinks the whole thing is real. So, but I'm very curious as to how you got involved in this very experimental thing.


I imagine they say to you, we want you to play this arrogant version of yourself to see if we can annoy our hero enough to hate you. And the whole thing may be a complete disaster, in which case everyone will hate you for pranking this guy. And you're like, sign me up. Absolutely. Well, I, I mean, I guess I'd be lying to you if I said it didn't sound fun to kind of lampoon your, and like I said, the entitled Hollywood actor who just wants every conversation to be about him. That's right. Right. So you've been talking about it, doing a lot of interviews, and I, and I read that you said that at, at certain points during the production, you actually began to worry if you were the one that they were trying to fool somehow.


Like if the real thing was let's get James Marsden and tell him that we're doing this thing with another person who doesn't know that it's fake, but in reality that's an actor and James won't know that it's fake. It's literally true. I mean, you just, you just, I've never done a project like this. So you don't trust anyone. You don't The the, the final episode or, or rather the penultimate episode. You, you reveal everything to him. And how did it feel on that day? Were you guys worried about what his reaction would be? Were you were afraid, for example, he'd freak out and be angry or upset or something? Yes, Yes. We were more nervous about that moment than any other moment in the show because, you know, you just think, what if that was me?


How would I react? I mean, I can't even handle a, a surprise birthday party. Right. Let alone being surrounded by, you know, and everyone in his reality for three weeks was putting on a show, and that's a long time to mess with somebody's human experience. Three weeks of their life. So we made sure that we all ran up to him immediately afterwards and let him know that yes, all those, you know, the, the kind of absurd circumstances that we put him through was fake, but the friendships and like getting to know each other, that was all very real. Right, Right. And I I, I heard that you, you had to spend time with him and like talk him down and like assure him that you really, after it was all over and like, no, I really like you we're friends. So I kept in touch with him for a good, you know, a couple weeks, months after just checking on him to see how he was doing.


And he was like, a couple weeks after he was like, am I still being filmed? Really? He was like, James, are they, is there a camera in the flower pot? Really? No, I was out that you, there's no reason why you should believe me, but I promise you it's all over my Friend. Oh God. All You can do is keep it a secret for one year now until the show comes out. Exactly. No problem. You in your remarkable and eclectic career have played the guy who gets the girl like in 27 dresses and you play the guy who should get the girl but doesn't like in the notebook. Come On, go on, twist the knife. You, you have to agree with like every right thinking person that in the notebook, Rachel McAdams should have married you.


I mean, come on. Well, I didn't, that didn't create quite a stir in the audience there though. No, no, No. Not as much as you might have hoped. There is a young generation now that like She should have been with you Miller. The relationship with Miller Was a toxic relationship. Really. Well, James Marsden, it is a pleasure to talk to you and we have invited you here to play a game. We are calling Objection. So as we have been talking about, you served on this fake jury, so we thought it would be a natural thing to ask you three questions about real juries. Get two of these, right? You'll win our prize for one of our listeners, bill, who is James Marsden playing for Shane GI of Cleveland, Ohio.


Alright, ready to play? I'm gonna have to, I'm gonna try. We a crack. We Go, here we go, here we go. Here's your first question. The, the jurors in a murder trial in Britain in 1994 arrived at their guilty verdict by doing what? A observing that the defendant had his fingers crossed during the whole trial, be asking a Ouija board if he did it or not, or C waiting for the made for TV movie to be produced about the trial. And then seeing how that ended. I'm just gonna have a little fun and go with a, you're Gonna go with a, that he has fingers crossed the whole time on the stand.


No, it was actually the Ouija board. What they were sequestered as you were in jury duty and they got together in one of the hotel rooms and they pulled out a Ouija board and they asked him if the guy was guilty and we got, he just said he was once discovered the verdict was reversed. Okay, you have two more chances. Course. A juror in another British case got sentenced for contempt of court. What did she do that was so bad? Was it a, every time the plaintiff spoke, the juror made the law and order Dun, dun sound. B, she insisted that she outranked the jury foreman because she was the five men or C, she friended the defendant on Facebook and kept him updated on what was going on in the jury room.


I'm gonna go with C. You're right. That's what she did. Interestingly, in that case, the juror served two months for contempt of court and the defendant got off entirely because of the mistrial. Alright, here's your last question. Get this one right, you win. Here we go. One juror in the trial a while ago said he couldn't serve in the jury because he had terrible gas and the judge refused that request, not a good excuse. Put him on the jury. And then what happened? A, he eventually farted so terribly in court that the judge vomited and a lawyer fainted. B, his story was made into the classic courtroom film, 12 stinky men, or C, the man exploded.


I am gonna go have to go with a, I mean all of these sound crazy, but he's, that's what happened apparently. Whoa. The judge shoulda listened. Bill, how did James Marsden do in our quiz? He won our game completely with two out of three, right? There you go. That's the verdict. James Marsden stars in jury duty. It's on Amazon. Trust me. Try it. And you will probably spend the rest of the night watching the whole thing. James Marsden, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't Tell me. But That's it for our one last President's Day for all time Sake edition. We'll see you all next week.


But first let me tell you that Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Hair Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Tica writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shayna Donald BJ Letterman, composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Dobos and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey and Hannah Anderson. Peter Gwynn is the only chief we hail to our vibe curators. Emma Choi, technical direction. Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chile, the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell me is Mike Danforth.


Thanks to everyone you heard, to all our panelists, Chichi i, Anson, and all our guests. And thanks to all of you listening, I'm Tom Papa and we will be back next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur, so she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.