
This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney presenting Young Woman and the Sea, an incredible true story from producer Jerry Bruckheimer and starring Daisy Ridley. Now streaming on Disney Plus


from NPR and WBE Z Chicago. this is Wait Wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the voice on Bill Curtis's voicemail. CHIO Ayson And. here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in Chicago. Illinois Peter Segel Thank You Karaoke And. thank You Everybody. Ah, that's what really helps our show day Drinking Later on, on our show Today. we are gonna be speaking to two of the hosts of the HIT podcast. Vibe Check, Zach Stafford, and Sam Sanders Now Sam, of course, used to be a colleague of ours at NPR r.


and I am so excited to ask him what it is like to finally be able to swear into a microphone and then watch his reaction when he realizes that he can't. Again, But. first we want you to watch your manners when you call in to play our games. The number is one Triple, eight Wait Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Hi, you are on Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Hey, my name's Mary Elizabeth and I'm calling from Annandale Virginia. Great. What, do you do there in Annandale? So I work for a legal services nonprofit and DC is an executive assistant. Oh, that's cool. That's cool. That's good work. So. you help people who need legal services but cannot normally afford them.


So that's what we do as an organization. I just read emails all day. That's okay. Strange. So do I. Well, welcome to the show, Mary Elizabeth. Let me introduce you to our panel This week first. She's a comedian that you can see at the Comedy Cellar in New York City. It's Emmy Blotnick. Hi. Hi. Mary Elizabeth. Oh wow. And a comedian and host of the HIT podcast, breaking Bread with Tom Papa. That would be Tom Papa. Hello. Hi. And A comedian performing on September 14th at the Mackin Arts Center in Glen Ellen Illinois and host of the podcast. Nobody listens to Paula Poundstone.


That would be of course. Paula Poundstone. Hey, Mary Elizabeth on Paula. So Mary Elizabeth, welcome to our show. You're gonna play who's Chichi this time, Chichi Hanson filling it for Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. The voice from our show that you might want on your voicemail message. You ready to go? Absolutely. Alright, let's do it. Your first quote is a pretty good example of optimism. This is an exciting time for democracy. That was senior Democratic official George Clooney in a New York Times Op-Ed asking Joe Biden to do what?


Step down from the Democratic nomination. Yes. To drop outta the presidential race. That's right. So two weeks ago, Joe Biden did a debate that was organized to finally put to rest the question of whether he was too old to be president. And good news it did. So now President Biden is being urged to drop outta the race by all kinds of people. David Axelrod has weighed in James Carville and a bunch of other people who are also too old to be making important decisions.


Oh, okay. I this argument over whether he can be the president or not. He is the president. He's being the president now. I, one night he hung his mouth open a lot. Yeah, it happens sometimes, which I wish he hadn't. So, I mean, I leave my garage door open sometimes all day. Exactly. And nobody tells me I have to quit. Yeah. I ca I did. I Did anybody else feel the need to lunge at the television and like just push his job? You know, I've certainly enjoyed the Oceans Elevens movies, but Now the, we now here's Well, Well no, but Paul is, I feel Paul is, I I know it's a worry because I, I went from girlfriend to girlfriend my whole life and I never broke up with a girlfriend unless I knew I had another girlfriend.


That was a possibility. And everyone's saying we should, Biden should just, we should break up with him who's next. Right. Like if you came in and said, we've got something solid, we could all get around it. But we're just like, let's kick him out and see what happens in the next four months. Well that's actually one of the big questions is like if Biden were to drop out, who would then run as the Democratic candidate for president? Many people say, okay, it's obviously gonna be Vice President Kamala Harris. Yes. But she, you know, that's not good. That's awkward. She never planned on becoming president by running, when Biden is forced to drop out, she planned to become president by him dying in office. She's Been practicing. This is her sad face for four years.


I'm, I'm self-employed. So when I try to get me to step down, it's gonna be obvious. Yes. Alright, Mary Elizabeth, We have more news to discuss. Here is your next quote. It is a sign you might see an angry person holding up in Barcelona. Go Home. That is a message seen all over that city as people there are telling who to go home. Tourists. Tourists. Yes, exactly. Barcelona, like a lot of major cities in Europe is absolutely overrun with tourists this summer making it practically unlivable for the residents.


So the locals are shouting at tourists to go home. And this is true, actually squirting them with water pistols when they see them. Fortunately, fortunately not a single American of course speaks Spanish. So they're all like, oh honey, this is great. They're baptizing us. Do we, you know, in Chicago in the summer, if someone, you were here as a tourist and somebody sprayed you with a water gun, you'd be grateful. That's true. You know, it rather hot. Hot. That is nice Sometimes. Like, wow, they do the nicest thing there. Yeah. No, I think this is why the campaign isn't really going to work. 'cause when you try and kick out tourists, everybody who's there is thinking is looking at the other TA and going, Ugh, look at these tourists.


They, but I've got it. Like, they really know that. Like, I could totally blend in. You know what you could do if you really didn't like tourists. This just occurred to me. Just put on a very practical suit and good walking shoes. Hold up an umbrella. Right. And then just lead people directly into the sea. I sometimes when I go other places, I, I try to pretend that I am the tour guide. Do you really? Yeah. Even though I don't know anything about anything like in Washington DC you know, there's so many tourists there all the time and there's always, you always see people. So I will, I'll just go up to a group of people and go Washington, our nation's capital.


I was in Venice and that, that place they come in with these giant cruise ships. It's How it's terrifying. And they just dump 5,000 people there and go, go get lunch. It's horrible. It's a horrible place. These giant big white porcelain toilets with 5,000 people on Them. Yeah. Well that's why in Barcelona they're using water pistols and in Venice they're using torpedoes. But I mean, alright, I mean, I get it. I get it that it's a problem and they're trying to lower the impact of tourists and their city. But did Venice really have to put Rick Steve's head on a pike at the main entrance?


Have we gone too dark? Am I reading the room correctly? Rick Steve's head on a pike. Well, You know your Mary Elizabeth, your last quote is a hypothetical situation that is posed by the Washington Post. Your boyfriend liked an Instagram model's Bikini photos. Okay. Now, according to the social morays of today, that action now counts as what? Peter Yes. Cheating. Exactly right? Yes. Cheating specifically that sort of thing is now called micro cheating. Right. That's a thing now to worry about micro cheating, liking a bikini model pick or commenting on your ex's Instagram post.


That is now we are told effectively cheating on your current partner. Even if you didn't leave a comment that says also terrific sex yesterday in the motel next to your office. Well, I've been married for 24 years and I can say we have built up enough trust in our relationship that if my wife were to see that I put a little heart emoji on one of my ex's pages, my wife would kill me with an axe. Yeah, That's great. And that's, and and that kind of knowledge, that that sense that, you know, her so deeply only comes after 24 years of marriage.


A hundred percent. We don't call it micro cheating. No, no, no. We call it divorce. The thing about micro cheating is you can have 10 incidents of micro cheating and it is one cheat. That's it. That is the unit of exchange. So. you get one free or is it No, you don't. No, it just goes right. It you carry it, you carry it. Like, ah. So if you could stop, if, if you could stop at nine and then go to another ex, you can, you're still safe. Yeah, I think so. A lot of really strong relationships actually have an abacus there in the kitchen And the kids keep track. Yeah.


Joke. How did Mary Elizabeth do in our quiz With all three rights? Mary Elizabeth is a macro Winner. Yeah. There you're Mary Elizabeth. Congratulations. Yeah, Thank You. Well done. And Thank you so much for calling. Thank you so Much. Byebye Is all you ever do, Man Is all you ever do Right now panel. It is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Paula This week. We learned about a hot new place for young people to grab a bite or you know, just hang out. Where is it? The school cafeteria? No, not quite.


Oh, something different than that Other end of the age range. Oh, nursing homes. Pretty Much senior centers. Senior living centers. It's a good idea Actually. According to an article in Fast Company that was written by your grandparents, the coolest place to have lunch these days is in a senior living center. And by coolest we mean literally they've got the AC cranked up to freezing. They like it that way. Senior living communities are adding cafes and restaurants open to the public to provide their residents the opportunity to mingle with the quote everyday person. It's a great idea, right? Because if you've been to a senior home before, you know it is the best place to walk in, meet a stranger who will tell you the saddest story you have ever heard. So wait, so they're inviting young people to just hang out in the White House.


It was lobbed in there. I know it was, I don't even believe it. Paula. Yeah, but it was down there. Coming up, our panelists get on the historic registry. It's our bluff the listener game called one Triple eight Wait Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait Wait. Don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Grammarly. You use multiple platforms every day at work. Writing is involved for most of them. That's why Grammarly works where you work. 96% of Grammarly users say it helps them create more impactful writing. It works across 500,000 apps and websites with one click go from editing drafts in hours to seconds. Sign up and download for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's G-R-A-M-M-A-R y.com/podcast. Easier said, done.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, where trailblazing runs in the family from crafting a movement with their iconic pale ale to taking the IPA haze craze nationwide with hazy little thing. It's an adventurous spirit you can taste in every sip. Find your next favorite beer. Wherever fine beverages are sold with new brews for every season, there's always something to discover. Sierra Nevada Brewing Company, still family owned, operated, and argued over


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney presenting Young Woman and the Sea. This incredible true story from producer Jerry Bruckheimer. Stars Daisy Ridley as Trudy utterly who risked everything when she decided to swim the English Channel. The movie is streaming Friday on Disney Plus


from NPR and WBE Z Chicago. this is Wait Wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm CHIO Ayson filling in for Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Paula Poundstone. Tom Papa and Amy Blotnick. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Illinois Peter. Segel Thank. You Chi Thank You. Everybody. Thanks everybody. I'm excited too because it is time for the Wait Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight Wait Wait to play all of our games on the air. Hi, you are on Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Hi, This is Stephanie from Longmont, Colorado. Hey Longmont. I know that. What do you do There? I am a program manager at a medical device company.


Oh. And I also manage a 15-year-old theater kid and three cats. Wow. Which is more moody. Well, I do have a very moody cat. So they, they compete for Moodiest. It's a tough call. Which do you find more often sitting in their room and like listening to emo music? Both of them actually, but you know, It'll happen. Well, welcome to the show Stephanie. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction Shoc. What has Stephanie's topic? George Washington slept here. What is the difference between an old rundown shack and a historical landmark? Apparently a famous person taking a nap there. This week we found out about a new place that's probably gonna get a plaque on the front door because of something that just happened.


Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you will win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? I'm ready. Okay, great. Your first story comes from Paula Poundstone While reaching for a half a watermelon on the bed of ice on the large display in the center of the produce section at the Leady Green Grocery in Stockholm, Sweden, ESP Brn bla caught sight of a nose in the ice. He then recoiled in shock when Jane Fonda rose up from beneath the ice. Ice cubes were tumbling off of Jane Fonda says bl. And then I hear peels of laughter coming from behind a cardboard nut display. And Greta Thunberg steps out laughing like a hyena.


Jane and I wanted to bring attention to alternatives, to air conditioning to Thunberg. Explains. She's such a climate change warrior. She'll do anything, but maybe we hadn't thought it out quite enough. Fonda suffered frostbite on the skin surrounding her elbows and the shrinkage to her red wool and Tam we're reducing our air conditioning use. And customers tell me they really appreciated the efforts. Said banked boon and our watermelon sales are the best they've ever been. Jane Fonda found under the ice in a produce section in Norway. Your next claim to fame comes from Emmy Blotnick. When you're out and about, it can be hard to find a public bathroom.


Take it from superstar musician Elton John, who was out shopping for shoes in the French city of Nice with his teenage sons when nature called according to TMZ. After the shop owner told him there was no toilet available, Elton asked his bodyguard for an empty bottle. He stepped away from the other customers and then he took out his Benny and turned on the jets. And what's crazier is the shop owner didn't recognize him. That might be the most shocking part of this story. A French man whose job is shoes not knowing Elton John when he asked him what he does for a living. Elton John said, I'm Elton John again.


This took place in nice. If you want more details, just be aware that it will look like you googled Elton John Shoe store P bottle. Nice Elton John. Elton John. Not being nice in nice. Your last story of a location legend comes from Tom Papa. Big Lou's pizzeria had been a mainstay of Bayone New Jersey since it opened in 1965. but it wasn't until Joe Peche came in last week and ate 25 chicken Parmesan sandwiches in one sitting that it became famous.


Everyone was excited just to see him. Said owner, big Lou Primo. He came in and ordered a chicken parm sandwich and a diet Coke. But then the guy next to him says, be careful. That's a big sandwich for such a little guy. Joe was really pod his, his eyes got red smoke poured out of his ears. And I swear he stood at the counter and ate that sandwich in two bites. Then Joe turns to the guy and says, watch this your big mouth. And he orders two more sandwiches. The irritated star of my cousin Vinny, proceeded to order sandwich after sandwich. A crowd started to form and not just because there is nothing else to do in Bayone.


By the time he was done, Joe Pesci had eaten 25 chicken parms, ordered a cannoli for dessert and kicked the guy right in his profe rolls and big Lou's pizzeria was on the map. Alright, that's all it takes. Someday. Soon there will be a place in the world with a plaque on it, marking an important occasion. Will it be from Paula Poundstone, a grocery store in Norway that'll say Jane Fonda was found under ice in our produce section. Will it be from Emmy Blotnick, a shoe store in nice with a sign saying, Elton John peed in a bottle inside here.


Or from Tom Papa, a pizzeria in Bayone with a sign saying, Joe Peche himself ate 25 chicken parm sandwiches on this date. Which of these is the real plaque? That might be I'm, I'm going Elton John. You can't miss with Elton John, seminal musician that he is. Alright, your choice then is Emmy story of Elton John relieving himself in a bottle in a shoe store in Nice. Well, to bring the correct answer, we spoke to someone who in fact reported on the real story. The sneaker shop owner was upset and he asked him what he did for a living.


And Elton John said, I'm Elton John. That was Danielle Choki, an editor and writer at Stereo Gum reporting on Sir Elton's. Makeshift John So. you got it right. Emmy was in fact telling the truth. Here's the point. You're in our pie. Congratulations. Awesome. Thank you so much Thank You for playing. And now the game where we ask people about things they know nothing about. It's called Not My Job. If you're gonna do a podcast with just you and two of your friends talking about stuff, you better be absolutely incredible at it.


Which is why Vibe Check was named one of the best podcasts by the New York Times. Think of it as the group chat. You wish you were cool enough to be on two of vibe check's. Host Zach Stafford and our old friend from NPR, Sam Sanders. Join us now. Zach and Sam, welcome to Wait. Wait. Don't tell me Thank You, this is such an honor. It's a thrill to have you. Our, our coolness quotient is raised just by you joining us here on stage. Let me, I think for people who have not been fortunate enough to hear it, we should describe Vibe Check. But you guys did it yourself. Yeah. Just in recent podcast where, and I have to change this for NPR standards. You might remember them, Sam.


I sure do. You called it just the three of you. Pooping and chatting. Pooping and chatting. Well, Yeah, pooping And And chatting and pooping. That's What we said last episode. Yeah. That's how this show started. I think everyone experienced this during the pandemic where you were at home a lot more. So a lot of your social interaction moved to your phone. And I was blessed enough to end up in some really fun group chats. But the group that I was in, I'm still in was Zach and Saeed. It was just so great. And what I have to say is, Sam is really the reason why the show came to life. Because I don't do things unless there's a check or a contract already. And Sam was like, oh, we had so much fun on my show in NPR.


People loved it and people did love it. Yeah. And he was like, let's do a SoundCloud. And I was like, I'm not a rapper. I'm not doing a SoundCloud demo. And he did it and people just loved it and it kind of took off from there. So yeah, I, I know this is a hard thing to describe about your own work, but everybody knows that the stereotypical podcast is just two or three PE people, usually guys just talking to each other and thinking that the rest of the world will find them as interesting as they find themselves. 99% of the time they are wrong. You guys, as the results have shown we're right. So do you know what gives your show Vibe, Check like that, that pass to be just as fascinating to everybody else as it is to the three of you?


I have thoughts, but I wanna hear yours first. You want me first? I want You first. Yeah. Well, I think our show, we're really obsessed with failing in public, which is very masochistic I think. But we realized as journalists that we were being trained to always be on and be perfect and say the right thing all the time and not talk about how we actually felt. And you know, I have a long journalistic background. Sam does and so does Saeed. So we were like, let's do a show where everyone knows we did our research, we did our homework, we've reported, but talk about it how other people talk about it with each other. So that's what the show does is we're having those conversations you're having, but with some more, you know, we've talked to like the White House maybe, or we've talked to some sources and we're just talking about it in a really accessible way. Right. So you're caddy, but informed.


Exactly. Well, and what I love about the show is that like, it's pretty much a really big bait and switch. So when we launched the show, by virtue of the three of us being the three of us, all of the initial wave of press was like, here's this new show from a black queer perspective. And you're like, the three of us don't agree on anything. And like that's the beauty of it. So, But that's So like black queers, Lemme tell you, lemme tell you, oh My God, Pride Just ended. Oh my god. All those. But Mike, I swear to you and I love it because we get to argue it in a real way that feels like expansive with an A.


Like I tell Saeed and Zach that our disagreements are expansive. You have guests on your podcast in time tonight. Very impressive ones. Yeah. Can you tell me who your favorite one has been? For me, it'd probably be our friend Jenna Worthham. Jenna's a writer at the New York Times, the magazine specifically. And she one day was tweeting or talking about nude beaches. And I was fascinated by this 'cause I have been to them, but I had never been nude on a nude beach. I was more voyeuristic, I guess. Wait a minute. So you'd been to nude beaches? Yes, I'm gay. Yes. Wait, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. I didn't know that was part of the task. Sam Sanders. Have you been to a nude beach? Whatever They, they didn't tell you that at the initiation.


That was not a n that was not, That was not part of the onboarding process. No, no. Oh, And by the way, sir, you will have to go to nude beaches. Yeah. So wait minute. But getting back to you, Zach, you've been to a nude beach, but you have not been nude. So you're just a guy who like wanders on in a business suit and just wanders around hands pockets, this Suit looking Around this suit. Yes. This suit, suit, actually Suit you're wearing Now? No, I was wearing, I wear a bathing suit when I went before. So I wanted to interview Jenna Worthham on her time. Finally also getting nude on a nude beach in Mexico. And so bef the day before we did the interview, my partner was like, isn't it ridiculous that you're talking to someone about a nude beach and you've never been naked on one? So then he made me drive to San Diego, be naked to do the show. And you were in New York at the time? I was in la and so I did it.


And so I got to come, come out as a, I guess a, a temporary nudist on our show. And me and Jenna Worthham had the most amazing conversation about water. And it's a very Pisces conversation, but it was very much about the healing power of being naked and gender and identity. They Called blue spaces. Blue spaces. It was so smooth. Wow. It Was so smooth. It was nice. I get paid to do that too. That was wild. Yeah. And Sam, I think our audience will know your background at least part of it. Sure. Because you were of course with NPR for many years. I was. I know. And the only Greatest, greatest 13 years, it's still Around. I mean, you know how they say like, like somebody who's, who's been in prison, you know what, what's the first thing you're gonna eat when you get outside? So the first time you got in front of a microphone. Oh, I curse. Not owned by npr. I cursed like a sailor.


I Curse like a sailor. I I probably say the most on the Microphone. Yes. You curse a lot actually. Yeah, I did listen. Yeah, I, I did. I did not know that side of you. Yeah, it is. It's remarkable. It is free flowing. My Mother listens, so I think of that every day I go into the studio. So I think my Aunt Betty stopped listening. Yeah. It's funny. She started, so my Aunt Betty was a big staple in my last show and she's a booster. And I remember the first few weeks the show was out, she'd say, I'm listening, I'm listening. And then as weeks went on, she'd just be like, how you doing? Well Sam and Zach, it is great talking to you.


And we have invited you here to play a game. We're calling Vibe Check Meet Live check. Wow. Wow. You guys are librarians. I'm keeping that. We just made that Up. I'm keeping that. Just so we could ask you what you knew about librarians. We're gonna ask you three questions about the things librarians have to deal with every day. Get two out of three. Right. And you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. Jokey. Who are Sam and Zach playing for Grant Weans of Chicago? Illinois. Chicago Illinois. Alright. What's up Grant? As I'm sure. Alright. Ready to do this? Yes. All right. As you probably could easily imagine a common complaint among librarians as people damaging books while they are checked out, one librarian had a book returned to the library with bite marks water damage and covered in crayon.


What was the name of the book? A. Keeping your collectibles in Mint Condition B. Destroy this book. Or C, what to Expect The Toddler Years. I know what I want it to be. What do you want it to be? I want it to be C two. Yeah, let's go with C. Let's go with C. That's the correct answer. Yeah. Teamwork Dream. I love it. My brain Teamwork Dream works. A completely destroyed library book is pretty much what you'd expect in the toddler years. So there you are. Alright, next question. Damaged books aren't the only way to upset a librarian, as in which of these very real cases.


A, A patron who made the joke Dewey decimal. Well, I sure don't. Every Day for six months be a man walked into the library and requested a book about taxidermy while holding a quote recently dead Sc. Oh, that happens. That happened. Or see a woman who pushed in a double stroller with two crying children asked the librarian, can you keep an eye on them? And immediately left to go to a yoga class. Oh my gosh. It's between B and C, but I wanna believe B. 'cause as soon as you said, ah man, I was like, he did it. Yeah. Yeah, he did it. The inflection was very pretty much.


Ah man. Pretty much as Soon as anything terrible happens, just look for the nearest man. There you Are we right? Are you gonna go with Bay? Yeah. Official. Yes. That's exactly what Happened, man. Am I right? God bless feminism. Now, Last question. Even celebrities have run-ins with librarians. Like which of these famous people? A kid rock who angrily returned a book to a Michigan library complaining when he swiped his finger across the page, nothing happened. PB, I should say B Pilot Sully Sullenberger, who had to call his local library when the book he had borrowed, sunk into the Hudson River with his plane after his famous crash landing.


He would Do that or C would do that. Or C Tom Cruise. Who asked the Beverly Hills library for a book exactly eight inches thick. 'cause he needed to reach a particular shelf. There are so many Wait. Tell me what a is again. A A was kid rock who returned a book? 'cause nothing happened when he swiped his Finger. Here's my thing, I wanna believe B, but what do you feel? Let's, let's do different ones. You do B, I do A. Can we Do that? You're gonna say A. So Zach says A and Sam says B. And the award goes to Sam. His logic was impeccable. Sully Sullenberger did after his famous emergency landing on the Hudson where he saved all those people. He did have to go to Librarian and say, I'm sorry, the book I borrowed is now at the bottom of the Hudson and they said, captain Sullenberger, it's okay.


He's just the best. He's just the best. Really is A good man. Jokey. How did Sam Sanders and Zach staffer Stafford doing our quiz? I mean, we're just going on vibes. Yeah, that's their style. Why not? You got 'em? All right, man. The vibe. It's a vibe of success. The Vibes. The vibes are on Zach, Stafford, Zach Stafford and Sam Sanders are two of the hosts of the podcast, Vibe Check, which is available wherever you get your podcasts. Give it a listen. Join the group chat. Zach Stafford Sam Sanders. What a pleasure to have you with this. This what? Thank You Thank you so much. This was so Thank You Thank.


you Thank You. In just a minute, Chichi will blow your mind with his crazy animal effects. In our listener at Limerick Challenge call one triple eight Wait Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait Wait Don, Tommy from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intuit QuickBooks. Small business masterminds have one thing in common, making their money work harder with a business bank account from QuickBooks Money that now earns 5% annual percentage yield. Making your money work as hard as you do. That's how you business differently. Learn more at quickbooks.com/five. APY banking services provided by green.bank member FDIC only funds in envelopes earn A-P-Y-A-P-Y can change at any time.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Viking. Committed to exploring the world in comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment onboard and onshore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


Support for NPR and the following message come from Amazon Business. Everyone could use more time. Amazon Business offers smart business buying solutions. So, you can spend more time growing your business and less time doing the admin. Learn more@amazonbusiness.com.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait Wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm CHIO Ayson filling in for Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Paula Poundstone, Amy Blotnick and Tom Papa. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Illinois Peter. Segel Thank You Chichi. Thanks So much. In just a minute, Chichi sings rhyme around the Rosie in our listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, give us a call at one triple eight eight Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel though some more questions for you from the week's news. Paula, the San Diego Zoo welcomed two new giant pandas from China This week.


That's the first pair of giant pandas to arrive in the US in 20 years. They will not be on view to the public though for several weeks because they first have to do what? Fill out forms. That's what you'd expect. Yeah, No, I will give you hint. A lot of people do this when they move to the US from a foreign country. They have to unpack. Yeah. Well obviously Do this. When they move, When they move to the US from a foreign country, They have to learn the language. Yes, That's exactly right. They have, they Have to learn English, They have the pandas have to learn English. Is it, are they in like a total immersion class? I guess if you go to a zoo where these zookeepers are talking to you all day in English, that is a kind of total immersion.


Yeah. But yeah, they are in a quarantine period of several weeks and they're acclimating to the US and that includes learning English. So the zookeepers can talk to them because they like dogs, they listen, they know certain words and can respond. Yeah. It's, but it, it's so the pandas are learning English. It is so adorable when they use their giant paws to work Duolingo. Yeah. And when the, you know, there is nothing cuter than seeing a panda conjugate. I, I'm only gonna say, I mean, as you know, they're very endangered. And if they conjure, if they just would conjugate more, we wouldn't have that problem. In addition, as you probably know, giant pandas eat only bamboo. Of course. I know. Course. Like I never had a panda at my house.


Oh, Is that what Happened to them? Like I never had a progressive panda dinner party. Come on. We go to the first panda's house and we have bamboo. And then you go to the second pandas house and there's bamboo. Yeah. That's all they eat is bamboo. Of course, I, you know, you talk to me sometimes Peter like I'm an idiot. Well, Since you know that pandas only eat bamboo, you'll know that one of the things they have to do is they get, have to get used to American bamboo as specifically the only kind we serve in America. Flaming hot bamboo. Oh, it's totally different here. The bamboo.


Yeah. Than, you know, the bamboo of your Yeah. Tom, an Ohio lawyer was This week reinstated to the bar after he was suspended simply for doing what in a Pringles can. Pringles, I mean, I know the answer. I'm just trying to think of a way to say it on NPR. Yeah. In it. Yeah. That's You got it in won. So Yes. After, wow. All these first after getting suspended for pooping in a Pringle can, his lawyer was reinstated after only six months.


Still Rudy Giuliani has fallen so far to Eating, to eating Pringles. Yeah. I, I'm not a Pringles fan. I love Pringles. Oh my gosh. No, they're terrible. Is too much packaging. Oh. And they're just not good. There's nothing, there's nothing. You, you know, I, I'm a ruffles person, but there's nothing remotely potato ish about what's in a Pringles can nobody, especially now. Oh, anyway. Yeah. You're all thinking. You're all thinking, okay. What you poop in a Pringle can once. Right. And you don't get to be a lawyer anymore. Yeah. Well this guy did it 10 times. Whoa. In one year.


Wow. Whoa. Alright. So that, wow. What was it, one time? Micro? Yeah. Well, In this defense, the turds did all fit into a perfect stack. That's true. On top of each other. Yeah. And if you do it once, you're like, I can't believe I, I can't do that again. Yeah. The aim, the Bet. You can't poop just one Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first. It's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight eight Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us here most weeks at the beautiful Studebaker Theater in Chicago.


Or come see us on the road. We'll be in Minneapolis on August 29th and 30th and the Wait Wait standup tour. It's back on sale now with shows in Fort Lauderdale, Tampa, Orlando, and Atlanta from September 5th through the eighth. For tickets and information, just go over to NPR presents.org and you can follow us on Instagram at waitwait NPR r Come on, we dare you. Hi. You're on Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, This is Jordan. Hey Jordan. How are you? Great, thanks. How are you? I'm well Thank you. Where are you calling from? I currently live in New York City. New York City. Heard of it. So what do you do there? I started a graduate program. Oh, How great.


And something and something useful and profitable, I hope. Oh, absolutely. Playwriting. Oh yeah. Terrific. Well, you are headed for Untold Wealth. Well welcome to the show, Jordan. Now you are gonna play our listener Limerick challenge. That means that CHIO Ayson filling in for Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks, you will be a winner. You ready to go? Yes. Alright, let's begin. Here's your first limerick. When downtowns are deserted and struggle, entertainers can help ease those troubles.


They are flashy and loud, but they draw a big crowd. Get performers who sing, dance, and Juggle. Juggle. Yes. According to the Wall Street Journal, some cities are now hiring buskers, jugglers and mimes to quote, make empty office districts feel safer and less depressing, unquote. 'cause there's nothing that makes me feel safer than a guy lighting three machetes on fire and saying, want to see something cool. Alright. It's so weird that they say the economy's doing well when you have these big major cities with nobody working and now people just juggling there. Yeah. Well they're being paid to juggle so they, the jobs are back.


I guess that's a job. Oh, that's how economics works. I, I love circus acts, but they should stay at the circus like downtown Baltimore used to be sketchy, but now the hell. All these clowns who stare at you. Alright, Jordan, here is your next limerick. That purplish wet cloud in the sky is a hippo that went zooming by. It weighs more than a ton. So when it starts to run, a big hippo will take off and Fly. Fly. Yes. Jordan. A new study from the UK's Royal Veterinary School says Hippos can fly briefly while running. While running at high speed.


Hippos are able to lift their bodies off the ground and fly for 0.3 seconds. And before you say, well, that's not very long, ask yourself, when's the last time you picked up a Chevy blazer and held it in the air for 0.3 seconds. Wow. See, I don't know a lot about a lot of things. Let's just leave it at that. But I think that's jumping. Well, that's one way of looking at it. If you have no sense of romance and wonder. Okay, Jordan, here is your last limerick. The reentry of metals. No good. 'cause it makes much more waste than it should. When spacecrafts return, they should have a clean burn.


So our satellites made out of Wood. Yes wood. After years of experiments, a Japanese engineer has, he says, perfected the first wooden satellite, which he hopes to launch later this year. It's part of Kyoto University's. What other crap can we put in space initiative? So here's the thing and and we've reported on this before, we're excited to see it come to fruition. When normal metal satellites reenter earth's orbit, they burn up a lot of toxic stuff enters the atmosphere. The hope is when the wooden satellite bursts into flames, all it will release is a cozy cabin core vibe. Nice. It's also true that satellites made of wood are far safer against alien attacks than this engineer's first idea satellites made of straw.


Yeah. He's gotta take that next step. He really does. You think he's you all the way? Yeah. Yeah. Brick. Brick satellites. That's not gonna work good in an earthquake though. I don't think they have. And just, I'm not a scientist, I don't think. No. Cut it out. Cut it out. But I did wanna make a point that I don't think they have earthquakes in space. They do. There's Okay. They're not earthquakes 'cause they're not on earth, obviously. But space quakes. What? Are you kidding me? Excellent strain of sativa space quakes. Oh, I thought it was a serial. How did Jordan do in our quiz When Jordan wins that Tony for being a playwright.


Yes. We'll say we knew them from winning the Listener Limerick challenge. There You go. Nice. Congratulations Jordan Thank. You. Alright, we'll look for you off, off Broadway. Yep. Bye Jordan. Perfect. Bye Bye-Bye.


This message comes from NPR sponsor SimpliSafe. To protect your loved ones, you need a home security system you can trust. SimpliSafe combines cutting edge technology with a customer first approach for award-winning protection. SimpliSafe earns your trust every day by keeping you safe and satisfied, but never locked into a contract. Get 20% off your SimpliSafe system when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring@simplisafe.com slash wait. That's simplisafe.com/wait. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


This message comes from NPR sponsor Capella University with their game changing FlexPath learning format. Capella empowers you to fit education into your life without putting other priorities on hold. FlexPath lets you set your own deadlines and adjust them. If something comes up and depending on your schedule, you can take courses at your own speed and move on to the next one. When you're ready, imagine how a flexible program can make a difference in your life@capella.edu.


Now in our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can Each correct answer now worth two points. Jokey. Can you give us the scores as they stand? Tom and Paula have two. Emmy has four. Okay. Wait a Minute. Wait a minute. Yeah. Pop open. That can of Pringles. How about that? Wow. All Right. All right. But that means that Tom and Paula are tied. I'm gonna arbitrarily choose you, Tom, to go first. Here we go. Okay. Peter. The clock will start when they begin your first question and fill in the blank. During his opening speech at the NATO summit, president Biden promised new air defense for blank Ukraine. Yes. On Monday, the Kansas Supreme Court reaffirmed the state's constitutional right to blank To abortion.


Right This week, millions of people in Texas were left without power. After hurricane blank hit that state Boil. Barrel. Barrel. Barrel. Right. This week, a man in Hong Kong was detained by customs after he tried to hide 100 blanks in his blanks. Bullets. No 100 snakes in his pants. On Wednesday, comedian and former talk show host blank announced she was retiring from show business Ellen DeGeneres. Right on Thursday, an emergency was declared in Colorado after a blank outbreak at an egg factory plague. No bird flu. This week. A first time flyer in China caused a commotion when she got up from her seat to use the bathroom and blanked And opened the exit door.


Yes. She opened the emergency exit door. Very good. She mistook the urge, emergency exit for the bathroom, opened the door and launched the inflatable slide. Fortunately for everybody involved, the plane was still sitting there in the tarmac, so no was injured. The slide did have to be replaced because of course she then went ahead and peed on it. That wasn't my best performance. Well, let's find out jokey. How did Tom Papa do in our quiz? Tom got five, right? For 10 more points. That's a total of 12. Tom now has the lead. Alright, Paula, you are up next. Fill in the blank. On Sunday, a leftist alliance won the most votes during snap elections in blank Paris, In France. Yes. This week. NASA said it has no plans to use a SpaceX rocket to rescue astronauts.


Stuck on the blank. Well, they're on the space station, but they went up on the star liner. That's right. On Tuesday, health officials in Colorado confirmed a human case of blank Bird flu. No, the plague. Wow. I knew it. I knew there was plague in Colorado. Wow. Everyone laughed at me. Yeah. This week. This week, a Chicago Cubs player was put on the injury list because he broke his hand blinking High fiving, No. Punching the wall of the dugout in anger. On Thursday, BMW announced they were recalling almost half a million vehicles with faulty blanks. Ws? No. Oh, that would be funny.


Oh, is that your new BMM? No airbags known for her roles. Known for her roles among many others in the Shining in Nashville, blank passed away This week at the age of 75. Shelly Duvall. Right. They This week diners in Australia were upset after a couple walked in and put their blank on the table And put their blank on the table. Yes. Some people dining in Australia. Well, they put their koala on the table, which is gross. You're so close. They put their dog on the table. Oh, they did? Yes. Not only did they brought walk into the restaurant and put their dog on the table amidst all the food, but it was one of those communal table restaurants. Oh, well that's different. So not only did the other customers have an animal sitting there right next to their meals, but they had to make conversation with it.


Wow. Yeah, but it would've been worse if it was a Benny Hana Jokey. How did Paula do on our quiz? I don't think We should even find out. Paula got three right. Versus six more points. Okay, that's a total of eight. Yeah. Tom is still in the lead, but That doesn't seem right. Alright, Then how many does Emmy need to win? Emmy needs four to tie and five to win. Alright, Emmy, if you need Any help. If you need any help, yeah. On Monday, Donald Trump tried to distance himself from the Heritage Foundation's Project Blank.


2025 Rights This week, the Involuntary manslaughter trial of Actor Blank began in New Mexico. Alec Baldwin. Right. For the first time since the start of the pandemic US blank prices fell Milk. No. Well, yes. I'll give it to you. Consumer prices This week. A cyclist in the tour de France was fined after he blank during the race, Did drugs Stopped for a second to give his wife a kiss. After just three weeks in theaters inside out, two has become blank's. Highest grossing movie ever. Pixars. Right. On Thursday, apple warned users in a hundred countries about new spyware attacks targeting the blank IPhone. Right. This week, a tourist being attacked on the streets of San Francisco by someone described as a crazy pirate guy with a blowtorch was saved by blank.


A dj. No. By two nudists. According To onlookers, the nude Samaritans knocked the assailant over, causing him to flee the scene. They were hailed as heroes, but when the story was covered by the local news, one of the nudists declined to comment. And this is true because he quote values his privacy. Still. One thing you have to say for these two men, they were ballsy. Jokey. Did Emmy Blotnick do well enough to win? Oh my goodness. Emmy got five, right? For 10 more points. It's so with a total of 14 points, Emmy is the winner. Good Job.


Congratulations. Wow. Yay. That's huge. It is big. It's to me, it's the biggest thing that's happened today. In just a minute, we'll ask our panelists to predict after his big op-ed about Biden and the New York Times. What will actor George Clooney weigh in on next? But? first, let me tell you that Wait Wait don't tell me as a production of NPR and WBE. Z. Chicago Association with Urgent Haircut production is Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Koka writes our limericks, our public address announcers. Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shayna Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Studio Baker Theater, BJ Leaderman composer at Theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Monica Hickey and Shanti Jackson. Our employee of the month is Peter Gwen. Emma Cho is our vibe curator. Technical direction is from Lorna White.


Technical thanks. This week to Gary Yeck. Our CFO is Colin Miller, our production manager. That's Robert Newhouse, our senior producer of Ian Schlock and the executive producer of Wait Wait, don't tell me, is Mike Danforth now panel. What will actor and Balm von George Clooney weigh in on Next Emmy Blotnick. I hope he screws the wheels back on aircraft at Boeing. Tom Papa. He's going to weigh in on all the things Simone Biles is doing wrong on the beam And Paula Poundstone. Well, If he wants to make himself actually useful, he could push Trump Out. And if any of that happens panel, we'll ask you about it on Wait. Wait. Don't tell Me Thank You, oc and I sen.


You're doing such a great job filling in for Bill. Thanks also to Tom Papapa, Emmy Blotnick, Paula Poundstone. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at our home at the Studio Baker Theater in downtown Chicago. Thanks to all of you out there in the wider world for listening a bitter day. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Sierra Nevada. Brewing Company from starting one of America's first craft breweries to showing the industry how to do it sustainably at Sierra Nevada. Trailblazing runs in the family, Sierra Nevada, Brewing Company, still family owned, operated, and argued over.


This message comes from NPR sponsor. MailChimp. Marketers can use real-time behavior data to personalize every email for every customer. With Intuit, MailChimp the number one AI powered email marketing and automation platform. Now with SMS.