
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBEC Chicago. This is, Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the guy who had to permanently retire from the wet t-shirt contest in Daytona Beach, so somebody else could win. Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the Fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thanks everybody Who said, only students get to celebrate spring break This week. We are giving you a well-deserved holiday from whatever the hell is going on with the help of some amazing interviews from the past few years While we elbow aside a bunch of Florida's state sophomores, who we can be first in line for frozen margaritas.


Here's a conversation with Eric Idol of Monty Python. That was a long time Python fanatic. It was a dream come true for me to talk to him, and I only wished he could have joined us in person when we talked in October. Turns out he felt the same way. I loved my time in Chicago. I'm married to a Chicago woman and I have lots of Chicago relatives, so I'm very, you know, I love Chicago. Yeah, that's really great. It's a good town. And, and lemme put it this way, when you, when you walk the streets of Chicago, we're a very cool, sophisticated place. I know, but do people recognize you and go nuts because they like me, were Monty Python fans growing up? Well, luckily, no.


I can really spoil your shopping, you know? Yeah, No, You get recognized from time to time and, and that, that's just one of the pitfalls of, you know, being on television. I, I'm curious if that, when the show came to the US on PBS, it became this huge thing. And I was wondering, was that the initial reaction that Monty Python got in the uk or was it more reserved as we might expect from the stereotype? No, no. It was, there was almost no reaction whatsoever, because they put us on late on a Sunday night and the BBC were trying to find out if people were still watching television at 10 15. And so, so for all, for all you knew nobody was watching. Well, at first, absolutely. Nobody knew and nobody was watching.


And then bit by bit, you know, so, and we were very fortunate that we'd actually finished doing the show before it was actually played on, on American television. So we didn't have to suffer the same fate as people on Saturday Night Live. And that, you know, we were, we were quite anonymous and surprised by it all. You Mean, you mean the same fate as like massive fame and wealth? You mean that fate? Well, that for sure, 'cause we worked for the BBC, but yes, it, it was, it was a nice surprise when that, when we were on suddenly on, on, on, you know, on public television. It was great. Now, one of the things that a lot of us who foresaw Monty Python, maybe even people now have this reaction, is how could they possibly get away with this absolute nonsense on television?


And I heard you tell a story that if the BBC ever tried to give you notes or tell you you couldn't do something, you would all go in and physically intimidate them. Yeah, well, yes, because there were six of us. We were mostly over six foot. And so we'd all, and we'd all got degrees, and we were very smart and proud, and we were going and, and, and, and, and, you know, they, they would be very alarmed at that site of us. So, but at first we were executive free. So it was absolutely perfect. When did you know that Monty Python had become like a phenomenon? Something that like everybody knew and everybody treasured? Pretty much, well, certainly in America, if not the whole world. I, I think we were pretty surprised when we opened the Holy Grail in New York and that there was suddenly there was Python mania and we were trapped in the cinema.


And it was, it was very surprising to us. And quite funny. I mean, in Canada we were known and we were surprised. Then we, we came through the, through through the customs, and there was a big cheer, and we looked behind us. 'cause we thought there was, there were, we thought there was a rock and roll group behind us, and they were cheering for us, and they'd all come to the airport. It was quite, quite extraordinary. Yeah. So we became what I call mock and roll. Speaking of rock and roll, I, I also found out that Monty Python and the Holy Grail, your legendary, and it was your first movie, the Pythons was actually financed by like, some of the biggest rock stars in the world. Well, the biggest rock stars in Britain anyway. I mean, said Led Zeppelin and, and Pink Floyd and Genesis and Jeff Tull, that they put money into that.


And I still pay them from spa aot. Do you Really like Yes, of course. You send a check to Ian Anderson of Jethro Tall because he put up, like I Write them out personally. Yeah. So they know where they're coming from. In, in addition to knowing all these rock and roll bands in the seventies, we've also heard stories that you either as yourself as a group, used to throw these pretty legendary parties. Is that true? I've, I've always enjoyed it. We always had had some good parties because I, I, I, you know, I like to play music and we always have singalongs and ding gongs, and we still, we still do that. Right. We, we heard once that, like, you threw a party in the late seventies, and the cast of Star Wars, which was filming at the time, came over. Well, well, Carrie Fisher rented my house in London for filming The Empire Strikes Back, and they were very depressed.


And Harrison Ford, they'd been in England for a long time. They were depressed. And yeah, that'll do it. So I pulled out a special liquor, liquor we bought from Tunisia, and the, the party started, and by chance, the Stones were around the corner in Abbey Road, and they all came round and this party went on all night, and they were finally picked up by their cars at six o'clock. And we all went off to bed. And I'm happy to say I ruined one of the scenes in Star Wars. You ruined. Do you know which scene you ruined and how you ruined it? Well, because they stayed up all night. They blamed me. I mean, they're adults, you know, right. But so they, it was a scene where they meet Billy D. Williams and they come off the plane and they, you know, Carrie says high, and they're all completely high.


You know, they've been up all night. That, That is an amazing bit of Star Wars. Lord, I don't know if everybody knows it. That is amazing. Speaking of musicians, the Stones came by your party. I also, again, for the first time, found out, was it true that Elvis Presley was a big fan of yours? He was a huge fan. And I, I met Linda Thompson, who was his, his girlfriend. And she said, at night in Memphis, when the television stopped, about two 30 in the morning, Elvis would make her do Monty Python sketches with him, and not just anyone. She'd go, hello, Mrs.


Ing, hello Mrs. Entity. And I said, well, I don't believe you. And she, she, she convinced me finally that 'cause she knew the words. I wanna, I, I wanna talk to you about the musical, of course, which have went on to be a huge hit. And one Tony's and then was revived. And one Tony's, again, you had always been a musician. In fact, you wrote, always Look in the Bright Side of Life From the End of Life of Brian. We Heard that that is the number one song played at funerals in the uk. I, I'm proud to say that it still is. It's been that for 20 years, really. And Yes, I'm happy to say and replace my way.


Oh, that is good. I think, yeah, that is definitely improvement. I mean, Have you ever been to a funeral and all of a sudden the, the the choir, they start doing it in harmony? No, they play the record. I'm happy to say. Oh, but unfortunately they don't pay royalties. Funerals don't pay royalties. They don't. It's, I think it's wrong. Quite wrong. Well, Eric, Idle, it is a huge honor for me to, especially to talk to you and a pleasure to have you here. And we have invited you here to play a game that we are calling Spam, spam. Spam, spam and Spam. Now, as I'm sure you know, it was that famous Monty Python spam skit that is responsible for the fact that unwanted email advertisements is called spam.


But we wanted to know if you knew anything about spam email. So we're gonna ask you three questions about it. Answer two. Right. And you will win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Eric Idol playing for Andy Hill of Busted Massachusetts? Alright, you ready for this? Yes. Alright, Here's your first question. The first genuine mass advertisement that people called Spam went out to the users of Usenet, a precursor to the internet in 1994. What did it advertise? A, a then unknown new TV series called Friends B, A new canned meat product called Spam plus, or See Jesus Christ I I would say Spam plus.


Spam plus you think that Hormel, the manufacturer of spam, which by the way has embraced money. Python is spam. Perhaps not. Perhaps not. Well, could it be friends? Well, that would be an interesting way of advertising a brand new television show on something called Usenet. Yes. So that leaves us with Jesus Christ, then It does. And so, in many situations in life, all you're left with is Jesus Christ. Yes. The message was headed global alert for all. Jesus is coming soon. And it was sent to the hundreds of thousands of people who were on Usenet at the time. So not only was it annoying, it was also incorrect.


Here's your next question. Now, one of the odd things about spam is while that everybody hates it and they really hate the people who send it out, it doesn't make the advertisers themselves a lot of money. One study showed that you would make more money and suffer less social disapproval if you did. Which of these A dined and dashed once a month. B, played saxophone in a subway car, or C stole a car. I would say stole a car. Yes, that's right. Stealing a car. People don't like car thieves. It's true. But at least you could sell the car and make some money.


Alright, here's your last question. One of the most notorious spammers ever was a man named Alan Roski, who was actually convicted of fraud for sending out all those spam emails. Before that though, he had another punishment. What? A, he fell for a spammer himself and ended up sending all the money he had to a fake prince B. He typed so many fake emails that his fingers all broke, or see people found his physical address and signed him up for every piece of junk mail they could find resulting in him getting thousands and thousands of magazines and pamphlets every day. I would say, see, You are right again.


Bill, how did Eric Idol do in our quiz? He Woke up on the better side of life because he got All right. Congratulations Eric. Thank You very much. Eric Idol is one of the founders of Money Python. He is also the Tony winning creator of Spamalot and the author of the new Spamalot Diaries Out. Now, Eric Idle an absolute pleasure to talk to You. Thank You so much for joining us. I'm Wait, Wait, don't tell me when we come back. The greatest bassist ever to come out of Philly and actor Diane Lane and how she ran away and joined the circus at the age of seven. That's when we come back with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor, Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus


At NPR R'S Pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR. Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, Wait, don't Tell me. Yes. That is what it is called, wherever you get your podcast From.


NPR and WBEC Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the n NPR News quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. So we've officially declared it's Spring break for all of our listeners This week. Now we thought about going to the same places we used to hang out in college, but for some reason when we go there, they think we're undercover police officers now. Damn. Now where am I supposed to score my uppers? So As we find people our own age to do shots with anti-inflammatory turmeric shots, of course, here's some more of our favorite conversations from the last year.


Last June, we went to Philadelphia to interview a man who had grown up just a few blocks from where we were talking to him and had become one of the most famous jazz bassists in the world. Now of course, being a famous bassist is a bit of a contradiction, which was one of the things I asked Christian McBride about. Well, I always say being a famous jazz bass player is being like a famous plumber because I might not get invited to the party, but you need me. So when you were starting out, were you immediately into jazz?


Was that your first love? No, I wanted to play with James Brown. Really? That was your thing? Yes. Which I, I, I'm very happy to say I eventually did, but I grew up as an r and b kid, you know, truly. And you actually got to play, you played with a lot of people, but you actually got to play with James Brown. I got to play with Mr. Brown. Yes. And what about, what's it like meeting your heroes? In the case of Mr. Brown, It's, it's complicated. Yeah, That's what everybody says. We, we heard that he used to levy fines. Oh yes. With band members. He screwed up. But, but that was standard practice for a lot of band leaders in the forties and fifties. You know, Ray Charles did that. Lionel Hampton did that. Benny Goodman did that. That was part of the gig. You know, like if you screwed up 10 bucks, $10 coming outta your pay right at the end of the night.


So you're now, of course James Brown kept that practice going long after everybody's died. Right? Yeah, right. Significant part of his income, I'm sure by the end. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So when did you get into jazz? When I first started playing the double bass when I got to middle school. 'cause I'd been playing the electric bass for a couple of years. My great uncle Howard, who's the other bass player in the family, he was so excited. He said, come over to my house, I got something for you. And now that he found out that I was playing the double bass, he said, Hey, I'm going turn you on to the cat. So he spent the whole day playing nothing but jazz albums for me.


And my great uncle had this very cool way of, you know, he would put a record on and he had a chair similar to this. He would sit down and he would sit way down like this. He'd light up a cigarette and have a glass of wine and he would start playing airbase along with the record. Right. And you know, he would snap me on the arm and say, Hey listen, what Coltrane was about to do? And he pointed the right, Ooh. You see, you hear that? And so it was so entertaining. Yeah. Watching my great uncle listen to jazz. I said, well, jazz makes him that cool. Then I wanna be cool too. Right. So that one visit with my great uncle. Really? Yeah. And then Does he also do that during movies?


Probably. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You have, I don't know how many ensembles and groups you've started in your career, but my understanding is the latest one is called The New John. Actually the New Joiners. Right. That's, I should say for non Philadelphians. That's not the name John. That's JAWN. I actually have a new group since the New Joiner. Oh, I'm sorry. So yeah. So the new joiners, the old John. I See. Yeah. Right. Could You, could you explain to non Philadelphians what a John is? JW It's a person, place or thing. Yeah. You know, joy El could have a a, a new partner or whatever. Hey, you seen Joel's new John. I knew John Really? You know. Yeah. Well it's interesting because in, I grew up in Atlanta, so Joning, which is also, it's that's house, I guess the place they call it the dozens.


Yeah. So when we're going back and forth, that's what we call Joning. Well see John has different versions regionally. Like in New York it's joint. Yeah, right. You know, someone said in Memphis, this is funny, they said it is jt. Yeah. Memphis. Jt. Yeah, jt. Yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, I don't know what it is on the West Coast. Yeah. Who Cares? Who cares? Yeah, exactly. Right. I'm sure Kendrick Lamar Wil tell. Right, right. Well Christian McBride, it is such a pleasure to talk to you in your hometown. And we have asked you back here to play a game. We are calling Bass Pro Meet Bass Pro. Oh man, I was afraid.


Really? You anticipated that I was hoping to be baseball and not bass. Oh boy. You Never been a Bass Pro shop? No. No. Okay. They're One the best stores in the world. Yes. I love a Bass Pro shop. Exactly. So you know about, you contain That was a good luck. You're a world renowned genius when it comes to the base, the instrument. So what do you know about Bask the Pro Shop? We're gonna ask you three questions about the outdoor store that is not REI answer two outta three questions correctly. You'll win the prize for one of our listeners, the wait waiter of their choice on their voicemail. Bill, who is jazz legend Christian McBride playing for Chris Dunn of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.


Hometown guy. Alright. So Bass Pro shops are famous for their enormous sales floors and the things on them like giant aquariums, actual running streams through the floor and more. All of that natural beauty though can backfire. As in which of these cases, a one store in Texas is now home to a family of geese who refuse to let anyone go near the camping supply section B at a shop in Florida, a man showed up with a net scooped, a 50 pound fish right outta the aquarium. And this then just walked out with it. Or CA store in Kansas was declared a protected environment for a species of endangered fish and now nobody is allowed inside.


Hmm. Yeah. Well considering this is America. Yeah. I would go with B. Right. Meaning this is the place where people just go in there and take that fish. Right, right. No price tag on it. That's right. You're right. Yes. That's what happened. And according to the store, According to the story, the Thief, and perhaps for all we know, the fish is still at large. Maybe he was rescuing it in a Finding Nemo kind of way. We don't know now. Next question. One of the most famous bass pro shops is the one in Memphis, Tennessee, in addition to being very popular. It is notable for one other reason. What is it? A, all of the fish in the aquarium are descendants of the fish that Elvis had in his aqua be It has an actual moat you can test drive their motorboats in or c it is located inside one of the largest pyramids in the world.


Well I know the, the arena where the Grizzlies play is actually called the Pyramid, right? Right. Yes. I'm gonna go with C. Yeah, it is. That's right. Yeah. The pyramid was built for some civic purpose That that's a big junk. That's a big junk. Yeah, that's A big chunk. It's meant to be a two third scale model of the Great Pyramid of Giza. And just like that world wonder, it was also built by aliens. And now there's a Bass Pro shops in it, which is pretty awesome. Alright, here's your last question. Sadly, not everyone is happy with Bass Pro shops. In fact, a man once filed a $5 million lawsuit against that company. Over what? A, the fact that he spent over $3,000 on premium fishing gear and still could not catch anything That sounds American B, they stopped replacing his $12 pair of socks after about 10 times, even though they had a lifetime guarantee.


Or c, he got dysentery after getting thirsty in the middle of the store and taking a drink from one of the artificial trout streams. Wow. Whoa. Well I already got two out of three. You did, man. I'm actually going to go with a, You're gonna go with a, the fact that he spent $3,000 on fishing gear and still couldn't catch anything. Yeah. It was actually b it was about the return of the socks Bill, how did Christian McBride do in our quiz? Well, He's a winner. Two out of three. That's a win. Congratulations. Christian McBride Is a Grammy winning basis and the artistic director of the new Jazz Festival and the Jazz House kids, Christian McBride, everybody.


Last August we talked to Diane Lane, who had been nominated for an Emmy at that time for her performance in the TV show Feud 45 years after making her film debut at the age of 14. She had been performing even before that, doing experimental theater in downtown New York and on tour in Europe, Peter Ker about the effect of that formative experience. I'm still in therapy about it. No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. The world was a different place then. It was, it was, you know, I, I wound, there was no airport security. We didn't need it. I remember getting off the plane and running into my mother's arms and around my neck could have been anything.


But it was a five pound, well, maybe a two pound tortoise. And I had bought it on the river sun in Paris. 'cause back in the day they sold animals by the river in Paris. Don't ask. So you came off the plane, you hold the tortoise after your mother and your mother says what? She shrieked this and I had that turtle for years. His name was George. Turned out George was female. Did you know that the bottom side of a tortoise will reveal the gender because the male have a slight indentation curve so that they can mount the female. Oh, You know what I love? I love that Tortoise lied To me. I love the idea of you being on the set of your first big movie, A Little Romance with Sir Lawrence Louis er and you telling him stories like this.


It's adorable. I I was much more two ears, one mouth around. Lord Larry, I I I can imagine you, you have played a comic book character in your case. Sure. In your case, more comic book character adjacent. But you've played the mother of Superman, Martha Kent. Yes. Martha Kent, famously. And this is the Henry Cavel Superman. Right? Okay. Yes. Yes. You said you're like, okay, was that his name? Okay. Yes. So how have you found after all the other things you've done after being a well-known person, you, you had your brat pack period and all these other periods to be like a, a star at Comic-Con. Oh gosh, I have, I am such an introvert.


I, I don't know how I would handle that. So You've never been, you you didn't have to do that. You didn't have to go to Comic-Con and all the Superman fans were like, I dodged it. I did. I chickened out. I I was just those crowds they make me, I have Haida as my friends say. Haida, you have Haida as they say in New York. I, how can a shy person be constantly on screen? Isn't that weird? Yes. I told you my therapist is rich. So the the latest project you're in, it's a TV show. It is remarkable. It is called Feud. It's about a very real situation in New York society in the sixties and seventies when Truman Capote wrote a book that enraged his society.


Friends of whom you are One Slim Keith I portrayed Slim Keith. Slim Keith, who was a real person. Yes. Socialite extraordinaire. A real maven. A real connector of other people. I don't know. I think of them sort of sassy pants. Sassy pants people sa sassy People. SAS pants people, sassy pants people. That's what, that's what Truman Capote called them. And that's what made them so mad. You've been promoting this TV show all week and you've been asked about it and answering questions as you've done for us it be, before we move to the game, is there anything else you'd like to talk about? Is it, oh, I don't feel safe. Suddenly, Oh this is, this is a safe for, this is a safe space.


This is totally a safe space. If there is anything on your mind. Diane Lane, would you like to talk about more about the underside of turtles for example? I, no, I'm, I'm open to talking pretty much about anything. I'm starting to sweat now, but that's okay. No, that's okay. Alright, well we actually have something for you to talk about because we have invited you here to play a game that we're calling Swan versus Swan. So as we've established in the TV series, you play one of the society ladies that Truman Capote called Swan. So we thought we'd ask you about actual swans, the water fountain, The bird, The bird. Answer two to three questions about swans correctly, you'll win our prize.


One of our listeners, any voice they might choose in their voicemail. So Bill, who is Diane Lane playing for Ryan McGee of Prescott, Arizona, Are you ready to do this? Sure. Okay, here's your first question. Swans are notoriously temperamental, but one pair of swans had to be forcibly removed from a lake in Austria because they kept doing what? A honking the melody of Abba's dancing Queen B pooping on every single couple that were trying to take engagement photos at the lake or C attacking anyone who got near their nest, which didn't have any eggs. Just a bunch of red solo cups.


Oh it's gotta be C, It is C. These swans A Apparently had mistaken these cups for their eggs and would attack anyone ferociously who dared to approach them. That was very good. And I liked your instincts. You know your animals as we have established. Here's your next. Now probably the most famous swan is of course the ugly duckling. Right from the beloved children's story. Spoiler alert, I'm sorry. Wow. Just Cut right to the end there. That's the story of course that teaches kids that everyone is beautiful in their own way and you shouldn't accept the judgment of others. In the original version of the story, the ugly duckling is finally approached by a group of regal swans ready to claim him as their own.


What is the first thing the ugly duckling says to them? A finally a family of my own B quote. And this is why no one should ever be judged in their appearance alone. Or C quote, kill me. Aw. Well I I I believe it's A but B is fun too. Let's go with A It was actually C. Yeah. Thankfully the swans did not exceed to the ducklings request, which is shocking giving what we know about Swans. Alright, you've gotten one, right? You have one go. If you get this right, you win.


Yours is not the only TV show that we have had with Swans in the title Back in 2004, Fox broadcast a show called The Swan. What was that? Show's premise. A it was just a remake of everybody Loves Raymond, but replaced Ray Romano with a live swan. A reality competition in which self-proclaimed ugly ducklings are given lots of plastic surgery until at the end one is judged the most beautiful. Or see a documentary show that just shows the daily life of Bucky A Swan that lives in a pond in New Rochelle, New York. Wow. I want, I want C to be true, but I'm gonna go with B anyway Because that's the world we live in, isn't it?


Yes, that's what it was. The Swan, which apparently was very popular, still only lasted one season because it was kind of gross. Bill, how did Diane Lane do in our quiz? Two Outta three? Diane, that is a win in our game. Congratulations. And let me say since you have an Emmy nomination for your show, swans, may I say, I hope this is not the last thing you win this year. Ah, Thank You. Diane Lane is an Emmy nominee for her role as Slim Keith and FXs Feud.


Capote versus The Swans. You can stream the whole series on Hulu now It is remarkable. Diane Lane, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait. Coming up a punk icon and a pair of comedians making the Midwest cool again. That's when we come back with more of Wait, Wait on Tommy from NPR On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't cried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it.


Whoa. She's like, I got him. Okay. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where cards control the conversation At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What you looking for? The stupid guy here? They're all smart. Don't worry About it. Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts. Cell phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags?


Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU From NPR NWBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. And thanks everybody. So we have been enjoying spring break This week and I have to tell you, we are not even done with the show and we're already partied out.


When I was a young Man, It wasn't a good night out unless I had already started the next one. So while we take a break from our break, here's two more great conversations we had in the last year. First, Kathleen Hannah, founder of the seminal feminist punk band, bikini Kill. She joined us in July and I asked her why she was getting the band back together. I really need a beach house in Malibu. And feminist art pays so well that I just figured, you know, go for the millions. Yeah, no, I mean clearly with everything going on in the world, we are just like kind of reinvigorated to sing the songs again. Absolutely.


It just felt like the right time. You know, I didn't wanna sing these songs 15 years ago and I really wanna sing 'em again now they feel really like, it feels good physically to sing them on stage. Yeah, maybe when you sang them 30 years ago, it worked, but the effect wore off. Yeah. Now you have to reapply Bikini Kill. Let's talk about your background booster. I was reading in your book, I was reading your book that you recently published, rebel Girl, which is a remarkable memoir, but I, I was surprised by so many things and it, one of them, I was so surprised by your first time singing on stage, which you say in the book was like a really important moment when you realize like that's what you wanted to do. Could you tell us about that? Yeah, I got the part of Annie in the musical.


Annie. Yes. If you're gonna play Annie, that's the show to do it in. Yeah. Well what actually happened was a woman who had a son who went to the school complained that it was sexist that there weren't very many parts for boys in it. So the play actually ended up being a really horrible mashup of Annie and Oliver Also, you know, about orphans, I guess they were like, let's do one A boy orphans and girl orphans. Wow. But Yeah, and then they were fighting each other so it was like West side story surreal. So He was like two feet tall, like, and I was like four foot eight. So I really felt like it was not a fair fight.


Right. And it, and he was a very cute, sweet kid and he made everybody cry with that dumb. Where is that song? Where Is love? Oh, it's a tear jerker. It Is a tear jerker. Can you, can you still do or have you been tempted to do the big song tomorrow from that show? Oh, I do it all the time. Can Can, can we hear it? I can't do it with earplugs. Let's see. That sun will come out. I can't do it right now. The next word is tomorrow. I'm just, I'm literally lying. Literally, I just drove here from Hershey Park, Pennsylvania. Oh. I was like, I was, I was on rollercoasters for like 10 hours, so I'm sort of like fried. Did you just go to hang or were you guys playing at that, that there's a big venue there.


Oh yeah. No, we don't play venues. It's not that big. Okay, Thank You very much. You could, you deserve it. Yeah, of course. I, you know, I went to ride the super duper looper again 'cause I rode it when I was like 10. And so I took my son so he could ride it. And he loves roller coasters. He's an enthusiast. That's Great. I was just there a month ago. It's wow. It's thrilling. It's thrilling, It's thrilling. It's a nice park. It's a, it's a nice park when You walk around in a big public place like Hershey Park. Are you recognized by your fans from any of the projects you did, but I'm thinking mainly of Bikini Kill. No. And oddly, the day that we went, it was Foo Fighters who were playing and Foo Fighters. Dave Girl used to be in Nirvana and we were friends with them when we all first started playing music and everyone was wearing Nirvana shirts and food fighter shirts and not one person recognized me.


So as I was sort of on the rise, I was like coming to terms with did I make the right decision? Like should I have, like, should I have signed to a major label? Should I have? You know? And I was like, you know what? My son is so psyched right now and we're having a really good time and no one's coming up and bothering us. And I was like, this is actually kind of awesome. Yeah, yeah. There you go. That's great. You know, now I wish it would make the story perfect if it turned out that Dave Grohl had played Oliver in that production. Well Kathleen Hanna, it is a pleasure to talk to you. We have invited you here to play a game that this time we're calling Kathleen Hannah meet Hannah Barbera.


Oh hey, You lit up. You must know you. I think you and I are similar in generation, so you must remember that Hannah Barbera is the legendary animation studio behind beloved shows like The Flintstones and Scooby-Doo and Lust. Beloved shows like the Partridge Family 2200 ad. So we're gonna ask you three questions about Hanna Barbera, the animation studio. Get two right, and you'll win our prize by one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they might choose in their voicemail. Bill, who is Kathleen Hanna playing for So Paley of Georgetown, California? So here's your first question. Flintstones fans take the show very seriously. So when many of them realize that no one ever mentions what Barney Rubble's job is, they began calling the studio at all hours.


The calls were so frequent that the studio responded. How A, by having whoever picked up the phone immediately say, I know why you're calling. You want to know what Barney Rubble did for a living? He worked at the quarry B by making a special eight hour long episode that follows Barney's entire workday, minute by minute, or C, by just canceling the show out of spite. Oh God, that's so hard. I thought he, for some reason I was thinking he worked at the bowling alley. Yeah, he just spent a lot of Time there. I think A one. That's right. A And no surprise, the majority of those calls were late at night from drunk people. Next question. That was very good. After the Flintstones, Hannah Bara had another huge hit with Scooby-Doo.


Now in order to create Scooby animators did what A gave an actual great Dane, LSD and watched how it acted. B gave themselves LSD looked at a great Dane and drew how it looked. Or C, studied all the desirable traits of award-winning show dog. Great Danes. And then drew the opposite. Oh wow. I'm gonna say, I guess I'll go with a safe answer. Three. Yeah, but I think it's really two, but I'm gonna say three. It is three or rather C. And I feel bad that you saw it as a safe answer.


Yeah. So they, they interviewed a great game breeder, but like what's the most perfect example of the breed? If the, it's a perfect dog, what does it look like? And she described it and they just drew the opposite. Alright. Though they were hugely successful, as we remember from our childhoods, Hannah Barbera loved to work fast and cheap. So sometimes the mistakes slipped through. Like, which of these in the Saturday morning cartoon Super friends, A, sometimes the superhero's pants would disappear mid scene B, sometimes Batman's voice would come out of Superman's mouth. Or C, sometimes Green Lantern had three arms. Oh that's B. Actually yes, it was B. It was actually all of the above. I love when they do that.


Oh, not A lot of quality control back in our youth. Am I right Bill? How did Kathleen Hanna do in our quiz? She Killed the Bikini. Kathleen, you something. Not many people do that. Well That's true. Three, right. Congratulations. Kathleen Hannah is a singer songwriter and punk icon. Her new memoir Rebel Girl is Out now. It is a bracing and moving read and you get to see her on tour this summer with Bikini Kill. Kathleen Hanna, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging and evangelicalism Time Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There.


The new wave of biotechnology that's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR. NPR Finally, one of my favorite conversations from last year with Bridget Everett and Jeff Hiller, stars of the remarkable HBO show. Somebody somewhere, It's a hard show to describe. So when they joined us in November, Peter asked them to do it.


I don't know, you know, it's a slice of life. It's about friendship, it's, you know, it's about making each other, lifting each other up and, and you know, we're not afraid of a fart joke, you know, I dunno if you say that on NDR. I don't know. Our show Is all fart jokes. Really? I know you and I have the same formula, Bridget, since you are from Manhattan, Kansas and it is a show set in Manhattan, Kansas about a woman from Manhattan, Kansas. I'm assuming that everything we see in the show actually happened, right? Oh yeah. Pretty much. Give or take six. Wait, I was gonna, I can't, I can't talk like this. I was gonna say something naughty. I'm gonna leave And, and Jeff, I'm told that your character that you play is awfully close to your real life experience.


Is that the case? Yeah, we both love Vitamixes and we're both, you know, middle aged homosexuals with asymmetrical faces. That's true. Was meant to be Peter. It was meant to be. Right, Right, right. You bet. It occurs to me, Bridget, that I don't know of any other major piece of entertainment set in Manhattan, Kansas. So you must be like a queen there. 'cause you have done four Manhattan, Kansas. What say Game of Thrones did for King's Landing. You put it on the mat. That's right. You know, they actually did a Bridget Everett day for me a couple years ago. So if anybody ever wants to go to Manhattan, Kansas, I think it's March 5th, every year they make a little Bridget Everett Donut and a Bridget Everett beer.


And Wait a minute, it's not just Wait a minute, hold on. I mean, it's not just like they had a day for you when you showed up. There is an actual day on the calendar every year the kids get off school. Oh, it's bridge. What are you doing for Bridget every day? Is it? That's right. That's a great ll Cool. J says dreams don't have deadlines. So That's amazing. I I did wanna ask you this though, because the show is, the characters you play are broadly similar to you. They have similar styles maybe and similar backgrounds. It would you both love to play someone next or soon who is nothing like you? And if so, what kind of character would that be? I'm waiting for the train wreck spinoff for me and Tim Meadows to do like some sort of romcom that gets a little freaky at the taco bar.


I don't know. How about, how about you Jeff? Do you have any idea? Like if I could, if you said, oh my God, somebody somewhere, what a huge hit. You can write your own ticket, you can play anything you want. What do you want? What do you wanna do? Well, I've been playing a lot of serial killers lately and that's nice to, you know, be someone who you know Exactly. I I thought for a second You were kidding, but are you not kidding? Have you been playing a lot of serial killers? I have been playing a little. I imagine that's kind of a mixed blessing because you get steady work, right? Serial killer is always popular. What is it about you you think that makes them think, Hmm, serial killer psychopath, sex criminal Jeff Miller.


You know, I just got a face for murder. I do. You gimme Precious back. You gimme Precious. Well, Bridget Everett and Jeff Hiller, this is really fun. And we have asked you here to play a game that this time we're calling Nobody nowhere. So obviously since your show was called somebody somewhere, we thought we'd ask you about nobody nowhere. That is three questions about places where it's hard to find anybody. Tim, who are Bridget and Jeff playing for Jack Powers of Las Vegas, Nevada? Okay, Come on Vegas, Come on. Are you guys, as we do this, you're allowed to argue, you're allowed to team up.


You're allowed to play this however you want. Here we go. Here's your first question. The loneliest and most desolate place on earth is Antarctica. An entire continent whose population never exceeds about 5,000 people. Despite that one scientist who was there in December of 2013 managed to do what? A convinced the band cold play to come there and do a show naturally B match with someone on Tinder or C, organize the first ever freezing man festival. I think it's CI. You too. I think it's C I'm so Glad you Wait a minute. That Wait minute. So you, you're staying freezing man. The freezing man festival. Who The audience is.


Objective audience, just, wow, I was gonna pull the trigger, but the audience is shouting. No, no, no audience. What do you think it is? They always Know. They think it's B. They think it's B. Okay, it's Let's do B, then we gotta do it. Bridget, they always know. They always know. Okay, let's go, let's go B, They don't always know, but they did. This time a scientist was sitting there and he is like, what the hell? And he turned on Tinder and he swiped right on this woman who was camping on the ice about 45 minutes away by helicopter. And they did meet up, but they say nothing came of it that time. So What a pits ending to a great storm. I'm so sorry.


Alright, here's your Next, here's your next question. Now the loneliest place that anybody has ever been, that we know of is the moon. Only 12 people have ever visited the moon. Now the first astronaut to do it after Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin was Pete Conrad. What were Pete Conrad's first words after stepping off the lunar lander onto the surface of the moon? Was it a one small step for man, one giant step for mankind? Suck it. Neil B. So where can I get a drink around here that's not recycled urine Or See, whoopee You, you're messing with us, right?


Right. This guy sounds like An I kind of man, but one of them is real. Well he said one of those things as he stepped the This wild is wild. I love him. I Love, I love like tt. I like, I think. I think it's a tt. He drinks the tt. The TT one. The TT one. I don't know. I feel like it's Whoopee. So you're gonna go with two different answers. Bridget, you're gonna take the recycled urine and Jeff Whoopee. Yeah, we're diverging in two different woods. Jeff is the winner. Jeff is Correct. Whoopee. Alright. Jeff has already won. He got two, right? Let's see if Bridgette can catch up.


Your last question. In 1993, a French man's car broke down far out in the Moroccan desert and he was so far out, there was no way for him to get back. So to save his own life, he stripped down the car and he built a motorcycle from the parts and drove it back to civilization. And when he got there, what happened? A, his wife said, oh, were you gone? B, he was ticketed for riding an illegal vehicle. Or see at the celebration of his miraculous return, he died when A popped champagne. Cork punctured his head. Oh, if it's not C, but it's gotta be C Richard, They can't die from that.


That's a fun answer. That's a fun answer. Come on. You gotta do better So you can die from that. And I'm willing to, I'm willing to give it a shot. Alright, Bridget wants to go with, he died ironically from the pop pan. Champagne Cork. What do you think, Jeff? I think it's the ticket. You think he got a ticket? I think it's The ticket. Once again, Jeff is correct. So Kim, how did Bridget and Jeff do on our quiz? Jeff got all three questions, correct? Yeah, it's a record. It's a record. It's a record. It never happened before. Bridget Everett and Jeff Hiller are stars of somebody somewhere on HBO and Max.


Season three is out now. Catch it. It is remarkable and heartwarming and funny. And every now and then Bridget says something very dirty. Bridget and Jeff, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Awesome to have you. That's it for our Spring Break edition. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. It's your production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago Association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager, Shana Donald, BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, my dorm boss, and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey. Our jolly Good fellow is Hannah Anderson. Peter Gwen is the little worm at the bottom of our bottle of tequila. Our vibe curator is Em Choi.


Technical directions from Lorna Whiter. CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chill and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me is Mike Danforth. Thanks to everybody you heard on this week's show, all of our panelists are fabulous guests. And of course, Bill Curtis. Thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back next week. Tanned, rested and ready. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast Every weekday. We bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we are already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR.