
This message comes from Capital One, access comprehensive solutions from a top commercial bank that prioritizes your needs today and goals for tomorrow. Learn more at capital one.com/commercial member FDIC


From NPR and WB Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. You may know me as the voice of Bill Curtis. I am Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. I show you your excitement. We have a great show for you today. Later on, we are gonna be joined live on stage by NASCAR legend Jeff Gordon. It's very exciting. It's a little, you know, this sort of thing, not what he's used to. So to make him feel more at home. Halfway through our conversation, a crew will come out and change all four of his tires.


But first it's your turn to do a lap with us. Give us a call to play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's s welcome our first listener. Contestant. Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, This is Lauren Rain calling from Seattle, Washington. Oh, Seattle. One of my favorite places. What do you do there in that beautiful place? I'm a nephrologist or a kidney doctor. A kidney doctor is is, I've always wondered about anybody like yourself who specializes in just one organ. Right. Do you ever get bored and say, man, I, I wish I could work on something else just once. Another organ. Well even I would rather just be a, you know, left kidney versus a right kidney. So even more specialization.


Oh really? Yeah. Has it gotten to this point? Like, oh no, no, no. Wrong side lady. You have to go some see someone else. Well, welcome to our show Lauren. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, it's a comedian, you can see it. Hey, Nani in Arlington Heights, Illinois on August 1st. It's Adam Burke. Hi Lauren. Next up a comedian and host of the podcast Fake the Nation. A news and culture show that the federal government would also defund if they could. It's Nain Farsad. Hey, hi Na. And making his debut on our panel. A comedian whose debut comedy special surprise me is Now what on YouTube Vulture just called it a comedy special you should watch.


It's Zach Zimmerman. Hi Lauren. I have some questions for you after, if you get Off. Well welcome to the show Lauren. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose on your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I'm ready. Alright. Now your first quote is actually two quotes. They're from both sides of a partnership that suddenly ended This week here. Here's the first quote. This is from President Trump. We had a great relationship. I don't know if we will anymore. And here is his devastated ex.


Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. So Who is no longer President Trump's BFF. Well, it's not Melania. So I think I say Elon Musk, Right? Right. Trump gave Elon Musk, his partner, a nice sendoff in the White House last week, but then things suddenly got real dark Musk called Trump's big budget bill. And a quote, an abomination Trump then called Musk. A big disappointment. Musk said Trump couldn't have won the election without him. And then as you heard, Musk escalated things.


Poor Elon we're about to find out how much ketamine it takes to fix a broken heart. Like I know we're supposed to do other questions or whatever, but this is all I want to talk about. I know First from this very special edition. Yeah. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. First off, Merry Christmas. Secondly, while we're renaming like golfs and stuff, can we just change just for today the American flag to that gif of Michael Jackson eating popcorn. Here's like, here's the thing about this show. Like I've been in this show 10 years and the production team here, I know you think it's all gonna be like polysyllabic fart jokes and like gags about some weird study about Swedish cats.


But the one thing we really love on this show is a pair of messy bitches just going at it the best in the employee parking lot. It's just Like, and you know, I mean they had this terrible breakup, but it gets worse. I'm sorry. I mean it gets better. Happy pride Trump. Yes, Trump said he would cancel Elon's government contracts. Elon said Trump should be impeached and then, oh, the hardest blow of all Elon canceled his ex account. That's a low blow. But we've all been there, we've all had these experiences. You know, the whole time Elon was still wearing Trump's old hoodie because it smells like him And we still, the thing is, I mean we're gonna enjoy it while it lasts.


'cause obviously Trump is gonna back down in five days or tackle Tuesday as it's now known. Yeah, but I, I don't, I don't know man, I I, I love that Elam was like, oh he's in the Epstein files and I should know that. So am I. We're Right next to each other. But then you're also like, now comes the phase where you're always worried that you're gonna run into your ex and so you try and look hot while you're out, you know, in public, right? At least that's what I do. And so now I'm just like, is Trump gonna wear an extra long tie? Like what are we gonna see The revenge bodies are about to drop. Alright, your next quote is advice from the Atlantic Magazine This week.


Lying whole heads might keep you from barfing up your Caesar salad Due to increasing cuts to the FDA among many other things, people are being advised to stay safe by avoiding, what Is it? Cucumbers. It's not cucumbers. It it's, it is, it is something that goes into your salad. The advice was to buy whole heads of something rather than the way we all usually buy it. Oh lettuce. Yes. Bagged lettuce is what we all need to avoid. That's give it up for bag lettuce. The greatest convenience ever. Experts are saying bagged lettuce could be the most dangerous thing in your house. Now thanks to all the inspectors who've been fired from the FDA, so you know, forget about worrying about measles now you can die by food poisoning.


Luckily bagged lettuce though has its own built-in safety feature. It turns into a brown goo before you can eat it. Just, this is such great vindication for jerks like me who like have a pretty much just red meat diet. Like turns out, I mean the healthiest one all in all, Oh, they're not inspecting the meat plants either, Adam. They'll get you. Don't worry about it as a Vegetarian, this hits close to home. It does. It really does. It's Bad bag lettuce is disgusting. Oh, maybe it's just the produce near my home. Is it? So you're one of those, you're one of those fancy people who buys heads of lettuce and cuts it up yourself. Are you? Well, the quiet contemplation of chopping a vegetable is a little too much for me actually. Really? I Don't Know. Can't I don't cook. So you Just eat them whole or you just chew on huge.


Do you put 'em in like a shredder, A lettuce shred? I'm using a, a innovation called Uber Eats in order to really consume most of my daily calories. Yeah. Yeah. I'm so glad how you people you've worked, you vegetarians are getting back to like the land. You People, you people, vegetarians. It's hard to be on the right side of history. It really is. Yes. Alright, your last quote is from a New York Times commenter bragging about a recent accomplishment. I wanted to read 52 of them in 2024, but I actually read 54. That person, no doubt, will be competing in the hot new contest this summer. People all over the country vying to see who can do what the most. I would say books.


Yes, read books. Forget your softball leagues. Hang them by the pool. The cool new way to avoid your children this summer is reading summer reading programs like when you knew Log your books, you read and you count 'em up and if you win you get prizes. They were once just for kids, but now bookstores across the country are launching them for lonely adults as well. Now don't be intimidated by the challenge of reading as many as 50 books in the summer. Getting through a lot of books is easy. Just keep a book nearby you at all times and read it while you're waiting until you can skip the ad on your YouTube video. How big is summer reading? Getting No, it is apparently quite popular.


I have seen everywhere summer reading lists, people putting out this is what you read. Some of them are even written by humans, which is nice. It's gotten so crazy here in Chicago. You'll see guys on the sidewalk with like long coats and they'll open it up and they'll just have paperbacks. Can I interest you in a Mave benchy? You know, By the way, if you don't wanna read anything this summer, but you wanna pretend you did Just say all you read this summer was romantic and if somebody asks you what the book was about, just say it was Elf Sex. You'll Be close enough. The ears are involved. I'll leave it to Adam. Is that I'm sorry, is that, is that a title? Right.


And on that note Bill, how did Lauren do in our quiz? Her score was so perfect. She could now move over to the left kidney. There you well done. Thank You so much for calling and playing. Thank You so much. Take Care right now panel that it's time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Zach, This week a woman went viral when she found her husband's diary and made an amazingly surprising discovery. What was It? He was cheating on her. No, he was loyal his whole life. That's may or may not be true, but that's not what she was amazed and put on the internet. He Couldn't write. No, he could, but he wrote A novel.


She had, the first thing she did was she had to go and get her magnifying glass. Oh, He wrote very tiny. Yes, He had the tiniest, tiniest handwriting and she put this in the internet and everybody goes nuts for it. After hesitating for as much as three seconds, the woman opened up her husband's diary to learn his secrets. But the real shock wasn't like a mistress or a secret family, but her husband's quote, aunt sized font handwriting, maybe she should have suspected something considering his diary was written on one grain of rice. Wait, and then also she just like put that page online. Yeah, Well she just put it online and you can't read it. And maybe she should have tried to read it more carefully before she put it online because what if what if like we wrote in his tiny handwriting was, you know, I don't know if I can keep myself from killing again.


Like, oh, look At his cute handwriting. I want to see his murder weapons though. They're Probably, they're really cute. Yeah, Could have been worse. Well, What has he said about this? Like what does, what apparent has he defended himself? Apparently he's, he's quite proud of his tiny little handwriting. Wasn't he dead? No, no, no. He's still alive. Oh. Why is she reading his Diary? That is a very good Question. I mean, and all the excitement. This incredible violation of trust has not been discussed. That's Terrible. Yeah, I'd love to. She, she gets like three magnifying glasses out in front, says it's called Privacy A Jerk. The divorce papers are gonna be on a post-it note Coming up.


Hundreds of millions of dollars could be yours. If you simply follow the instructions in our Bluffed listener game, call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR


support for NPR and the following message come from GoodRx. GoodRx helps keep your prescription costs low from diabetes to allergy relief to heart health. Save up to 80% on prescriptions for you and your family and pets too. GoodRx let you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find free coupons. GoodRx is not insurance but may beat your copay price. If you do have insurance beat high prices at the pharmacy, go to GoodRx dot com slash wait.


This message comes from Brit Box. The stories you remember are often the ones you didn't see coming. Brit Box invites you to see it differently with British tv. Shake up the everyday and discover worlds that are new, unexpected, and perhaps just what you were looking for. Stream British series, including new Brit Box original mystery Ludwig starring Peep shows. David Mitchell, sign up today and get 50% off your first month when you use the code. wait@britbox.com.


This message comes from Schwab. At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices you can invest and trade on your own. Plus get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Zach Zimmerman, red Hot, Adam Burke and Nain Farad. And here again as your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Right now it's time For the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our games on the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is Craig Ventura calling from the Pizza capital of America in New Haven, Connecticut.


Oh, you knew. Alright, Now listen, I know, I know you think you're throwing down on us here in Chicago, but I've got a little surprise for you, my friend. I agree with you, Greg. It's great to have you with us. You're gonna play our game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Craig's topic? How I made millions? Somebody recently made millions and millions of dollars, and I'll give you a hint. They do not work in public broadcasting. Our panelists are gonna tell you how they made all that cash. Pick the one who's telling the truth. You'll win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Let's do it. Let us do it first, let's hear from Adam Burke.


Uno Khan seemed poised to realize his lifelong dream of becoming a big time movie producer earlier this year after raising an impressive $150 million from investors in his native Estonia. Those same backers, however say Khan deliberately misled them about the talent he had arrayed for his supposedly star-studded blockbuster. Obviously, when he texted me that Brad PTH was set to start, I assume the H was a typo, says now disgruntled investor, Arno Anson, but can had indeed secured the services of one Brad pth, a little known Scottish actor he had seen performing on a cruise ship production of Greece.


A lawsuit filed earlier this year says Kahan knew exactly what he was doing when he hired the Tino brothers as writers, just so they'd make the wrong assumption when he said the script was by Clinton. Darren Tino. Steven Spielberg is definitely lined up to direct though in says Kahan neglecting to mention that the Steven Spielberg in question is a retired piano tuner from Berlin. A man raises a lot of money to make a movie by using talent who sounds a lot like famous people. Your next story of fast fundraising comes from Nain Far When AI like chat, GPT, Claude, and the little thing that appears on the top of Google now started popping up, the tech sector couldn't get enough.


That's when building.ai entered the scene promising that their AI could build software and that it was quote, as easy as ordering a pizza. By the way, in another one of its disruptions, the tech world replaced easy as apple pie with easy as ordering pizza. So building.ai promised an AI future for coding and managed to raise $450 million from people like SoftBank and Microsoft because corporations are people. But then the house of cards or pizzas all came falling. An early whistleblower noted that the whole operation was quote, just a group of Indian developers pretending to write code as ai, which I'm assuming means like any good ai.


The 700 coders tried their best to subjugate humanity while also destroying the environment the company has since filed for bankruptcy, leaving tens of millions in unpaid bills. It turns out defrauding people when there's no real oversight is actually as easy as ordering a pizza. An AI company raises hundreds of millions in investment for their technology that turns out to be just 700 people. Your last story of somebody bagging serious cash comes from Zach Zimmerman. If you've Ever tossed a coin in a fountain of made a wish, odds are it didn't come true, but it is making one woman very rich.


Deborah Pearson is the founder and CEO of a commercial wishing well. Company called Wishing Well. Well, well, that's reporting record profits. Now it's illegal in most states to take coins from the bottom of water features, not to mention unethical to manhandle. Someone's hope for a boyfriend by summer wedding season, but laws famously only govern human behavior. Deborah has adopted 400 raccoons, which have been trained, shaved and pumped full of beta blockers to go deep. Sea fishing for state quarter, half dollars, whole dollars, and the occasional token from Chuck E. Cheese animal rights activists called the company Bad, like very, very bad.


But Pearson maintains her nursery of raccoons. Enjoy the late night skinny dips. The company is rapidly expanding into other verticals, training ant eaters to dig in couch cushions, woodpeckers to check vending machines and just hatch chicks to straight up just pickpocket people. Alright, somebody Figured out a kinda sneaky way to make a lot of cash. Was it from Adam Burke, a movie producer who got a lot of money raised for his film by staffing it with people who sounded a lot like, but weren't big Hollywood stars from Nain, an AI company that raised hundreds of millions for their technology that turned out just to be 700 people pretending to be an AI or from Zach, a woman who figured out that she can break in literally the money from wishing wells simply by dispatching raccoons to get it.


Which of these is a real story of a moneymaking scheme? Okay, these all sound pretty wild, but I'm gonna go with B. The AI fake AI story, you're Gonna go with Nain story. Yeah. About the ai. Okay. That's your choice. The audience seems excited about it. Well, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to a reporter covering the real story. The reason why some companies can get away with doing this kind of thing is that nobody really knows how AI even works. They just see it as this magic black box That was Parley Olson from Bloomberg who originally reported on the story of these 700 engineers pretending to be an ai. Congratulations, Craig.


You got it right. You earned a point for Nain and you have won our prize. Thank You Craig, the voice of your choice for your voicemail. Well done sir. Thank You, Doug. Have a great one. Take care. And now the game where we ask people who've accomplished everything they ever set out to do to do one more thing. We call it not my job. Jeff Gordon is a living legend of American auto racing. He set modern NASCAR records for career wins, most wins in a season among many other honors before he retired 10 years ago. These days he spends his time with various businesses as well as co-owning racing teams.


And so far we believe he has resisted the urge to kick the driver out of the car and say, here, let me do it. Jeff Gordon, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Thank You. It's such a thrill to talk to you. You really didn't have to say all those things, but, but please go Please, please. I have more. I have more. Do you want me to just, do you want me to just list your wins by season? I have it here. One of the, we, we learned so many amazing things about you This week, but one of the most amazing things to me at least, was that you won your first auto race when you were five years old. Yeah, I, I mean, I, I guess I just think all professional race car drivers started racing when they were five or six years old.


I mean, that, that's, that was pretty common for me. I I, I grew up in California and the kids I was racing with were basically the same age. So did everybody know, did you know that this was something you were going to be very good at? No idea. No. I, I had no clue. I, I had, actually, my first racing experience was previous to that I, I raced BMX bikes when I was like four and a half years old. Four and a Half. Yeah. Right. What Does a four and a half year old get if they win a race? They get to skip their nap. What does they cry? Well, I didn't win a race, so I wouldn't know because, 'cause I realized then yeah, that I did not have the physicality to pedal a bicycle as fast as others.


And when I got in the car, I'm like, I don't need that. I've got an engine in the car. Oh Yeah. So it, you know, it did come, you know, pretty quick and I realized, gained confidence and said, oh, I, I can do this. Right. I, this is actually another thing I'm very curious about. I know for example, that on the track you drivers are in radio contact at all times. Yeah. With your pit. What are you talking about? It's like, oh, did you see what the president just tweet? I will say there were a few times in my career where I, I was fortunate enough to have a pretty big lead and Just a few times And, and your mind starts to wonder and, and I, I think there were a few times I noticed some, some fans or something happening up in the grandstand and I radioed to the team and say, Hey, did you see that?


Was that, Or I mean, They're like, seriously, Jeff, you're, you're, you're noticing things up in the grandstand. Really. We're trying to win this race, get back to the race. You talk about, yeah, I'm gonna win, but what are we gonna have for dinner later? We get a little peckish out here. I noticed that. But the other thing you have to remember is that, you know, these radios are being broadcast to everyone. So Really, so you have to be careful of things that you say, I didn't always do that well, but, but you try really, So like, let's say, and I'm sure this happened to you more than a couple times, let's say things go poorly, you spin out, maybe something catches fire. You have to be careful to say, oh goodness, I am truly, and well, Yeah, Fudged Yeah.


That as well as if somebody else caused it. Oh Yes. Then the the choice things that you are thinking about saying really, I mean, I find that, I mean that is, Here's the part you guys are gonna love, okay? Because you guys are comedians and I'm not, but, but in order for that to be broadcast, there's a, there's a button on the steering wheel. So in order for the driver to talk back to the team, you have to push the button and these things are being broadcast so you don't have to push the button. You could just say them. And in my case, a hundred percent of the time, I wanted to make sure I pushed the button. So everybody really. Yeah. Now you've retired and as I said, one of the many things you do in addition your businesses and philanthropy is you co on some racing teams, right?


Yes. You got some. And how hard is it for you to like, just look at the driver or watch them and just think, just let me do it? I, I mean, I realize things have evolved. Technology evolved, the cars drive different today, but what I, what does happen to me, and I think of my wife every, every time because when I was racing, I would get outta the car that day, let's say, you know, we didn't win. And she would go, I don't understand why you didn't just pass that car. This is, this is your wife. Yeah. She's like, couldn't you just push the pedal down further And Go by? I'm like, honey, I, I like, it's already all the way there.


Like, that was as fast As I could go. So I then, while I'm watching the the drivers, I'm going just pass. Why can't you just pass that? Right. And I just in credit to your wife, just comparing to myself, at least you knew you had a pedal that was new to me. I enjoyed it. Really? You're like, come on, just do, do it. Just do it. Just do it. I, I know everybody asks you guys after you've, you know, all the racers current and retired. If you speed when you're driving your car, I'm not gonna ask you that. I know you're not, I'm Not gonna ask you that. Well, unless you wanna tell me. Do you, I mean, I mean I just understood it was like the big cliche that all the race drivers get. Well, I mean, I'm not saying that it's that, you know, I just get in the car and say how fast can I go?


But I mean, I'm still human. Yeah, sure. Sometimes You gotta go. What I really wanted to know limit, what I really wanted to know is if you're just driving, just doing an errand, maybe doing something to your kids, driving another, the grocery store. If you ever say to, if you're just sitting there and going, vroom, Vroom. I have one more question, which is that I learned how to drive on a stick Shift. Nice. Does That improve your opinion of me? Yes. There you're, I I have an 18-year-old, soon to be 18-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old son. And my goal this summer is to get them to learn my son. So Wait a minute, my son is is like going through driver's ed and stuff so maybe, maybe.


But my daughter, I want her to learn how to talk. Here's The question. Are you Jeff Gordon, one of the greatest race car drivers who have ever lived going to teach your children to drive? I mean yes. Reluctantly. 'cause it's probably one of the scariest things I've ever done. Yeah. Is sit in the passenger seat. Yeah. While, you know, somebody has zero experience driving Right. Is driving the vehicle and I kind of like to be in control Sure. Of the vehicle. Yeah. So that's probably the most terrified I've ever been is when my daughter was learning how to drive. Just imagining you turning to your daughter, she's 16, right? Whatever she is, you're like, why don't you just pass em?


I just want her to use the brakes when some of these brake lights come on. That's I'll be happy with. That's Okay. Start there. Well Jeff Gordon, it is such a pleasure to talk to you. We've asked you here to play a game. We're calling, Leave the driving to us. As we have discussed, you're an accomplished driver, so we thought we'd ask you three questions about passengers. Answer two to three correctly won our prize. One of our listeners, the voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is NASCAR legend? Jeff Gordon playing for Kelsey Woods of Wedell, North Carolina. Alright. Oh, North Carolina. North Carolina. North Carolina. Gotta take care of my Carolinians. Exactly. Here's your first question. In 2017, a taxi driver in the UK was pulled over for speeding and he laid the blame on his passengers, telling the police what?


A, they kept farting and it was so bad he had to get the ride over as quickly as possible. B one of them said follow that car. And since there wasn't any car in sight, he sped up to find one or C one said the acid we just took will kick in in 10 minutes. And whether it happens back here or at our home is up to you. Oh my god, my son is gonna be so proud of me for picking a Your son should be proud because you're right. Yes. How nice. Yeah, he said, he said that I had to get outta the car. They were fighting so badly there were three of them. So let's have some sympathy for him. Alright, very good.


People love to ride on roller coasters of course as passengers, including one in Aikawa Japan and in this roller coaster is famous for being what a, a nearly surefire way to induce labor leading to long lines of pregnant women be It is the slowest rollercoaster in the entire country. So slow. Some riders didn't realize once when it had derailed and stopped cold or C, it's the world's only one way rollercoaster, meaning every ride ends in a long walk. Back to the start. Oh Lord. Well I don't do anything slow so I'm not going with b I'm gonna go with the one way. No, it was actually B the slow one. It is the oh slowest roller coaster in Japan.


Ooh, it is so well the family coaster. Jeff would need to never go to an amusement park next time. I'm Alright. This is your last question. If you got this, you win in 2016 on a Southwest Airlines flight from Oakland to Kansas City and full of Oakland Raiders fans. The pilot actually took to the PA at the end of the flight to congratulate the passengers for what a they had. He felt the most creative heckles of the safety announcement he had ever heard. B for the first time in his experience, they had drank literally all of the alcohol on board of the plane or C, every passenger had boarded the plane, stowed their bags and got their seatbelt buckled in eight minutes flat.


Oh gosh. Oh my goodness. It's a crowd participation. It really is. BB, yes, it was of course B, They were Oakland Raiders fans. Thank You. Thank You. They drank All of it during one three hour flight. Bill, how did Jeff Gordon Do? Two out of three checkered flag flies everywhere. There you go. Nice. Jeff Gordon is a NASCAR legend and the vice chairman of Hendrick Motorsports NASCAR's Chicago Street race returns to this fair city on July 5th and sixth. Jeff Gordon, Thank You. Thank You so much for being with us. Jeff Gordon, everybody the living legend.


Thank You. In just a minute, be careful who you kiss. We'll tell you why. In our listener Limerick challenge game call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from Rinse who asks, who does your laundry? Simplify your life by having rinse. Do it for you With one touch in app scheduling pick up and delivery are effortless. Your clothes come back fresh, folded, and ready to wear. Handled by laundry experts who get every detail right. Rinse combines human care with seamless technology to make laundry and dry cleaning the easiest part of your week. Sign up@rinse.com and save $20 on your first order.


This message comes from tma. Create your Oasis with tma. A modern design company that specializes in furniture and home goods by stripping away everything but the essential. TMA makes elevated beds with premium materials and intentional details with clean lines, subtle curves and minimalist style. The TMA bed collection is available in four signature finishes to match any design aesthetic. To get $100 towards your first bed purchase, go to t.co/ NPR


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Nain Farsad, Zach Zimmerman and Adam Burke. And here get is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You So Much, bill. Thank You everybody In just a minute. It's a game. A man from Nantucket gave his life For the listener of the Brick challenge, if you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4 Right now panel though some more questions for you from the week's news.


Nain, forget about all those expensive summer camps. According to one parenting columnist this summer, you should just let your kids do what? Oh, Just like throw 'em onto the streets. Yes, Let them go wild. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yes. Millennial parents says Emile Nazi are tired of overscheduling their kids all year and then the summer comes and they keep doing it. So more and more of them are just letting their children go. Feal. Some millennials are saying they want their kids to experience what they had, which is nineties summers. So here you go, kids, let's light a campfire, drink some sunny delight and tell spooky stories about Monica Lewinsky.


But I do have to say I love the idea of kids not having anything to do because I wor like I worry that kids don't get in enough trouble. You know what I mean? Let's just get 'em out there touching tetanus or whatever they're supposed to do. Commit crimes this summer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's do some light shoplifting. Like just experience some stuff. Aren't The kids just gonna be playing on their phones though? You can't bring back a 90 summer in the era of, you know, smartphones and tech. That's true. I guess you know, that's Why you pro proceed it by smash a phone with a hammer spring. That's right. Zach, This week the internet debated something called the Danny DeVito Rule.


Now that is a theory that the way to tell if a romantic comedy is actually good is it is good if it would work, if what If Danny DeVito was the romantic male lead in it. Exactly. Right. So this is the test. This is the test. We all see these rom-coms and the handsome guy goes to great lengths to win the girl. Right? But would it still be charming and not kind of creepy and scary if instead of like a heartthrob, the role was played by Danny DeVito, right? So think of say Danny DeVito holding a boombox over his head outside his girlfriend's window from the movie.


Say anything. Is that still adorable or does she get a restraining order? Is this, is this a dis on Danny DeVito or a dis on the fact that most romcoms suck? I think it is meant to be the latter. The idea being that these rom-coms, these movies about, you know, guys trying to do everything they can to get the girl who may not deserve the girl are just nonsense that we are fooled by because the guy is so handsome and the woman pretends to fall for it. If you put a normal looking person, say Danny DeVito, you would realize how creepy and strange the man's behavior was. Okay, hold on. Because there's entire industries and life itself based on men thinking women are hot or not.


Right? Right. And so what women get this one little area of culture, right? Where they're allowed to think that the guy is cute and picture themselves making out with them. And now that they we're, that's being threatened by Danny DeVito. Wait a minute, Nain, they're not actually going to put Danny DeVito in the Movies. I know. I'm escalating the Threats. I understand. I just want you to know you'll still Go to the Movies and there'll be Handsome men. I'm just saying like let's, it's okay if the movies are garbage and just, it's about the guy being handsome. I just wanna like let women have one Thing.


Alright. And Danny DeVito Nothing. We were actually thinking that one rom con that would be hard to apply this to is sleepless in Seattle because in that movie, the two leads, Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks don't meet. They don't see each other till the very end of the movie. So we were like, if Danny DeVito was in it, like it's the top of the Empire State Building. End of the movie, Meg Ryan walks out and says to Danny DeVito, excuse me, little boy, but have you seen a handsome man around here? Jeremy McGuire? You had me at Hello?


Coming up, it's lightning fill in the blank, but first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call the leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks at the Studebaker Theater right here in downtown Chicago, or catches in the road this summer will be in beautiful Salt Lake City on July 31st and then Tanglewood in Western Massachusetts on August 28th. Salt Lake info is at KUE r.org. For tickets in information to all of our live shows, you can go on over to npr presents.org and also check out our brand new TikTok. It's at Waitwait npr. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is Jenny Laga from Moorestown, New Jersey.


Oh, Hey Morristown, New Jersey now I know, not Morris. I was about to say I know Morristown. I mean they won't let me back into Morristown. What do you do there? I'm an administrator at Princeton and sometimes they let me do a little teaching in the religion department. Do They really? Okay. You've been good. Go over and give a lecture. Right, right. Well congratulations. I should say congratulations to Princeton because you haven't been noticed yet. Yes, we're trying to keep it that way. Keep, keep, keep your head down. Well Jenny, welcome to the show Bill. Curtis is now going to perform for you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks will be a big winner.


Ready to go? I'm ready. Here is your first limerick though. Diet fads often entice me. Their meal plans are often too pricey. Now I'll lose my spare tire when my tongue is on fire. I make sure that my food is too Spicy. Spicy? Yes. According to researchers at Penn State, the quote oral burn that comes with spicy food makes you eat slower and thus less leading to eventual weight loss. The idea is simple, right? If it hurts to eat, you eat less. That's how I lost 20 pounds recently. I just sprinkled a little broken glass on everything.


I'm very proud. I just upped to medium salsa from my, did you Really? Congratulations. I've been on a journey and order to, you know, increase my spice tolerance. Yes. Here is your next limerick. The white dust on their nose is so plain. Those small pesky bugs have no brain. My party supplies got snorted by flies because fruit flies got hooked on Cocaine. Yes. In a world first scientists at the University of Utah have engineered fruit flies susceptible to cocaine addiction. Oh boy. You do not want to see a fly The day after a long weekend, cocaine binge 1000 red and puffy little eyes.


The scientists say the cocaine addicted fruit flies will help advance addiction research. So first they're gonna get the little guys addicted and then they're gonna sit them down and be like, fly. This is an intervention we're worried about you. Wait, I already feel like flies behave like they are on cocaine. Yeah. How can you tell? So Why, what? Yeah. How can you tell that they're now susceptible to co? It doesn't make any sense. Especially Like the fourth time you see a fly, go to the bathroom and be like, come on dude. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I will say fruit flies doing cocaine just describes pride month to be honest. The vibe. Wait, So but why did these scientists do that? Because they were also doing cocaine. Exactly.


They were like you, you know. You know what'd be really cool? Alright, you'll be really cool. How about, Or an intern is just like covering their tracks like, oh crap, we left out the Coke last night. It's A study. It's, it's A study. All right. Here is your last limerick. It's not marital bliss. I am dissing, but I'm sad. And my old life I'm missing. And anxiety slips through the touch of our lips. I got sad 'cause we've done too much Kissing. Yes. New research suggests that anxiety and depression can be transmitted to another person through kissing.


That's bad. You can make it even worse if while you're kissing, you also whisper. You're bad at this. Apparently they say that it has something to do with your biome, your bacteria, and that can be transmitted through kissing as much as 80 million bacteria get transferred from one person to another in just one kiss. There I just depressed you without touching you at all. I don't get So then the bacteria are depressed. Apparently. They're like, oh man, how come we can't get cocaine like the fruit bill.


How did Jenny do in our quiz? She did. Princeton Strong. Three in a row. Congratulations. Thank You.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance and the name your price tool. It helps you find car insurance options in your budget. Try it today@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Not available in all states.


This message comes from better help. June is Men's Mental Health month and every year 6 million men in the US suffer from depression. If you're feeling overwhelmed, the strongest thing you can do is ask for help and better help can make it easy. Take a short online quiz and connect from home with a qualified therapist. Visit better help.com/npr today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com/npr.


This message comes from Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Now. What our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds of which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer are now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the Scores? I can indeed. McGee has three. Zach and Adam each have two. That means Zach and Adam are tied for second and I'm gonna arbitrarily pick Adam to go first. So the clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, Adam, president Trump announced a blank ban targeting 12 countries travel. Right according to a new report. The net worth of the 10 blankest people in America increased $365 billion last year. Richest? Yes, Wallas. This week US blanks on steel increased to 50% tariffs.


Right on Tuesday, a judge ordered the White House to continue offering blank affirming care to inmates in federal prisons. Gender? Right. This week the US beat out Australia to become the country that blanks the most in the entire world. Sleeps No swears. Ah. On Thursday a Japanese spacecraft attempting to land on the blank crashed during its descent. Moon, right. On Thursday, the switch to the newest gaming console from blank was released. Nintendo, right This week, officials in Washington state had to release a warning to drivers after a truck tipped over on the highway while carrying blank. Oh, I heard about this. Was it a bunch of Coins? No. It was millions of bees.


According To the local sheriff, millions of bees escaped from a cargo truck after a tipped over near the Canadian border. Fortunately, less than 24 hours later, a group of volunteer beekeepers helped recover most of them. And they swear they're definitely the escape bees. Not just a bunch of new ones. You can tell because they're still wearing their tiny orange jumpsuits. Bill, how did Adam do in our quiz? Very well. Six right? Two 'em are points total of 14 puts him in the lead. Alright, so Zach, You are up next. Here we go. Fill in the blank. According to the congressional budget office, the so-called big, beautiful blank would add $2.4 trillion to the deficit bill. Right? On Wednesday, the US veto to un resolution calling for immediate ceasefire in blank Gaza.


Right On Tuesday, flash floods hit parts of Kansas after over a month's worth of blank fell in just one day Rainfall, right? Yes. This week a dedicated DoorDash driver in Chicago drove onto blank while trying to deliver an order. Lake Shore drive. No, That would be scary. He drove onto the tarmac at O'Hare Airport on Tuesday. Food safety inspectors said that some ground beef sold at Whole Foods may be contaminated with blank e coli. Right after their playoff loss to the Indiana Pacers, the New York blanks fired their head coach mix. That doesn't seem nice. Yes. This week a man in Norway was shocked when he woke up and discovered that he had slept through blank. The pandemic? No. A 450 foot long cargo ship crashing into his front yard.


Same. Same. Which happened to be on the ocean. Authorities have determined that the ships watch officer fell asleep while on duty leading to the vessel veering off course and right into the guy's front yard also asleep. The house owner who did not wake up when the ship which was very large crashed right there. Call it a disaster if you want, but I think it's a touching story of two men miles apart. Napping with harmony. Bill, how did Zach do on our quiz? Well, he did very well. Five, right? 10 more points total to 12. He's in second place behind them. Alright, So Also known as last. We're encouraging here. Alright then. So how many does Nain need to take it?


Six. To win. Nain. Here We go. Nain. Okay, This is for the game. Fill in the blank. Following a series of surprise drone attacks from Ukraine, Trump, and blank had a 75 minute phone call Putin. Right This week. The White House said it was suspending international visas for new students at Blank University, Harvard, right? On Wednesday, the mayor of Baltimore confirmed that a blank spill had stained part of the waterfront red oil. Right This week. A woman in China who said she cried for three days after her boyfriend broke up with her, finally got her revenge by blanking, Getting rid of his Twitter account. No. Sending 2000 pounds of onions to his house. In order to avoid spreading outbreaks overseas, the CDC suggested travelers get the blank vaccine before flying the Foot and mouth vaccine, The Measles vaccine.


On Wednesday, the trailer for the second part of the film adaptation of the musical blank was released, The musical Once Upon a Mattress. No. Although Deep Call, Thank You. The musical Wicked, wicked for Good. This week, a man in Colorado escaped with just minor injuries after he was hit by a car, while he was in a blank On a in doing ketamine. No, he was in a porta-potty. Apparently the driver who had veered off the road and ran straight into this porta-potty and you know, okay, we've all been there. You have an emergency, you're desperate. You see an old uncared for porta-potty, and you're sitting in there and you think, well, at least this couldn't get any worse.


Bill, did Nain do well enough to Win? Well, she got three, right? For six more points, total of nine goes to the Irishman. He's our champion, Adam Burke. Yay. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict, with all the competitive reading going on, what will be the hit book of the summer to come. But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me is a production of NPR WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our Limerick. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shana Dul. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Leaderman Compose. Our theme, our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Grobo and Lillian King.


Special thanks to Mohaned Cheki and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwyn is the goat, the G gust of all time. Emma Choi is our vibe. Curator. Technical directions from Lorna Whiter. CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Ong, the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me, is Mr. Michael Danforth now panel? What will be this summer's big hit book? Nain Farsad, The Grapes of Rough Sonoma Weekend. Zach Zimmerman, the Latest novel in the Hangry Games trilogy. Oh, And Adam Burke. I'm cheating and getting AI to read the books for me, so it's working its way through the Asimov Classic You Robot.


Ah, well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about a right here on Wait. Wait, don't tell Me. Thank You so much, Bill. Curtis, thanks to Na and Farad, Adam Burke it. Zach Zimmerman on a great debut on our show. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at the Steven Bakker Theater in downtown Chicago. Thanks to all of you for listening. Wherever you might be, I Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Warby Parker prescription eyewear. That's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Glasses designed in-house from premium materials starting at just $95, including prescription lenses. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


This message comes from Bombas Socks. Underwear and t-shirts are the top three requested clothing items by people experiencing homelessness. Bombas makes all three and donates one item For every item purchased. Go to bombas.com/npr and use code NPR for 20% off.


This message comes from Mint Mobile. If you're tired of spending hundreds on big wireless bills, bogus fees and free perks, mint Mobile might be right for you. With plans starting from 15 bucks a month, shop plans today at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees. Extra Mint mobile for details.