
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


Hey, it's Peter. So we love all you podcast listeners and we've always wanted to get you a Christmas present, but we couldn't figure out, you know what socks, nice pair of candlesticks. Then we figured get you the one thing. We know you like this show. You can get a 25% discount on tickets to Waitwait at Carnegie Hall in New York City on December 12th with Paula Poundstone, Moro Joy l Nicole Johnson, and a special guest I can't tell you about, but really want to. To get your discount, go to npr presents.org and enter the special code just for podcast listeners, NPR 4 9 3 9 4. That's NPR 4 9 3 9 4. As to how you get to Carnegie Hall, I really have no idea


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm frosty the Anchorman. Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. It's good to see you again. We have got a great show for you today. Later on we're gonna be talking to Jim Gaffigan, one of the most successful and prolific comedians in the world. And he has done it two decades now without ever swearing. It's true. Our mission provoke him enough.


So that ends today. Sadly, you will have to obey NPR standards when you call into play our games. The number to call, of course, is one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener contestant This week. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi beater. This is Lynn calling from Minnetonka, Minnesota. Minnetonka, Minnesota Minnetonka I know is a beautiful western suburb right there on Lake Minnetonka. It's gorgeous. What do you do there? I am a corporate lawyer just trying to stay warm. I understand. To warm your cold, cold lawyer's hearts. Well Welcome to the show Lynn.


Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, he's a writer, performer, and co-host of the podcast. Nobody listens to Paula Poundstone, which has a shiny new Patreon page. We do. It's Adam Felber. Hi Lynn. Hi Adam. Next is the comedian and host of the podcast Fake the Nation, where you can hear the upcoming Godfather trilogy recaps featuring me. It's Nain Farag. Hello. Hi Nain. And finally a comedian who will be bringing his cocktail comedy show shaking with laughter to Gaelic Park at Oak Forest, Illinois. And January 24th. It's Adam Burke. Hi Lynn. Hi Adam. So Lynn, you're gonna play who's Bill this time.


Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose for your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I am ready. Alright. Your first quote is from Parents magazine trying to explain the concept of quote brain rot SC Ohio Riz. So they say that sentence is an example of brain rot, which is why the Oxford English dictionary just named Brain rot. 2024 is what Word of the Year. Word of the Year. Yes. This is big news for all of you people who play fantasy lexicography.


If you drafted brain rot for the Os word of the year, you won your league. Now brain rot describes the condition of absorbing so many online memes through constant scrolling that your brain just doesn't work anymore. Rot, though that's harsh, your brain isn't rotten, it's just fall off the bone tender. Is it an example of the fact that brain rot is taking hold, that the OED has made their word of the year two words? Yes. They don't just celebrate it, they have it. Well, When I first heard the term brain rot, I thought it was referring to the worms and RFKs brain. Right. And then No, No.


And Then I realized that like by thinking that I myself have exhibited brain Rots. That's true. And besides, if RFKs brain was rotten, the worm wouldn't have eaten it. It Has standards. Was that applause? Anti RFK or pro Worm? You never know. Pro worm, I think. Now this is fascinating. According to the OED, which does, you know, word origins brain rot was used by Henry Thoreau in 1854, hashtag Walden Pond, hashtag a different drummer, hashtag life of quiet desperation. He was such a lifestyle influencer. He really was. Yeah. Previ, Why are you punctuating Your text with all these little pictures?


Henry Obsessed with that. Thorough, By the way, in case you're wondering, a previous Oxford English dictionary words of the year include goblin mode. Which one? In 2022. In 2017 it was a youth quake, a word that my brain rot prevents me even from remembering. And of course back in two ad it was thou Wait, You're forgetting that last year it was Riz was it? Which means this word is already over. Yeah. Like we shouldn't even be saying it right now. So Riz didn't have enough Riz to like to still get Yeah, exactly. Alright, Lynn, your next quote is from President Joe Biden back in June talking about his son Hunter.


I will not pardon him. So what did Joe Biden do This week? He pardoned him. He did? He gave his son Hunter. Pardon? A complete Pardon? People say he was acting as a father, not as a president. I don't know if I was convicted of federal crimes, my father would just say, you know, a little prison builds character. Why? Some might see this as a little unfair, right. To other people who've been convicted and don't have fathers who happen to be presidents. It's not like Hunter is avoiding punishment. He's currently grounded at the White House with no, with no screen time and no crack time.


I, I only think it's fair to say this 'cause Joe Biden likes to bring up his Catholic faith a lot in his secular job. But I was raised Catholic and we're supposed to follow Christ's example. Yes. And Jesus asked his dad to get him off of his little legal con top. Oh Yeah, yeah. And even Jesus' dad was like, trust the process son. Yeah, Sorry. There's something fun about like the, this Biden's attitude, well screw it all, you know, of his last month or so in office, we'd call it his senior slide, but in his case that sounds like a diagnosis.


So he is having fun. Biden, you know, he, he's, it's really sweet how he brought back commander the dog and said, just eat whoever you want. Go. It's my staff. It's your smorgasbord. Go. I know. It's not like he could be having so much more fun. I mean, I want him to, Which is kind of why isn't he like going nuts? He could, he isn't never running for anything again. Why not enjoy himself? Start and only fans. What are we doing? I'd subscribed. Would you come on? Come on. Of course. Just him doing car noises in his underwear Eating ice cream. Yeah. Alright, Lynn, your last quote is someone talking about a theme restaurant that was big in the nineties that suddenly all the rage again, the Fear that a mechanical elephant might glitch out while you're halfway through your entree.


It's the thrill, the drama. That was somebody describing why they really like to go to this echo themed restaurant chain. Which one is it? I believe it's the Rainforest Cafe. It is, yes. This Is great news. Such a relief, A new report finds that after years of just being decimated, the rainforests are coming back. No way. It's the Rainforest Cafe. Sorry. Oh, Next best Thing. Yeah, I know people say it's the lungs of the otherwise dead mall in a year that is seen Red Lobster, Applebee's and TGI Fridays all go bankrupt. The surprising survivor is of all things Rainforest Cafe, it's known for serving traditional rainforest cuisine like Creole mac and cheese.


Yeah. It's surging in popularity with both millennials who are enjoying nineties nostalgia and Gen Z who enjoy making fun of millennials. This is true. One of the reasons Rainforest Cafe is surging in popularity is because a couple of YouTubers decided to travel into every remaining rainforest cafe in the entire country. They posted a video about it, it went viral. Another bunch trying to repeat the success. Tried to do the same thing with Waffle houses, but they died before they even made it outta Georgia. There Aren't that many rainforest cafes left. Yeah, there's about a dozen or maybe 16 or so. Yeah, there was like a massive deforestation Exactly As it were.


Yeah. The Brazilian government did not want those cafes to Stand. Yeah. Yeah. Many of them are now palm oil plantation cafes. I've never been to one. Is it just I wanted, I've Never been to one. I've never Been to One. This is like a great panel of subject. Fabulous. It's our fault. This, this, this is actually The, the story of Rainforest Cafe is great now if you've never been to one, and apparently you haven't. I went to one many years ago with my then young children and the idea is that it's like insider rainforest and it's got like his incredibly elaborate displays of animatronic animals and foliage. And every 20 minutes or so, the rain starts and the thunder and the animals start moving. It's all very creepy and strange.


And actually at least to my children, terrifying. Which is why we never went back. My question is, is like the hard rock cafe, like so mad right now, But nobody, nobody apparently has the same nostalgia for like eating next to one of slash's guitars as they do for eating next to A, an animatronic gorilla. Exactly right. Like slash Yeah. For example, because slash would actually hang out at the Hard Rock Cafe. It wasn't even an animatronic, it was just him reaching over and grabbing your fries. Bill, how did Lynn do in our quiz? He Is very good. He got 'em. All right. Congratulations Lynn, and try to stay warm. Take care. Thank You. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.


Right now, panel it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Nain a convenience store in Japan. It's getting mixed reviews for the new beverage that they're offering their customers. It's drinkable. What? Oh, it's drinkable bread. No. Although it is something that is normally spread on bread. Oh, drinkable cream cheese. You spread cream trees on bread also. All cream cheese is drinkable if it's warm enough. True. That's True. Butter, drinkable butter. No. Something else that you spread on bread. Peanut Butter.


Often, often on sandwiches. What? Mayonnaise? Mayonnaise. Mayonnaise. Drinkable mayonnaise. Although you know all credit to them, but all mayonnaise is drinkable if you just suck in the straw hard enough. Where, where was this? Japan. You really think white people would've come up with this? Yeah. Yeah. As a white person. I'm a little embarrassed. Okay. You may think Komu Mayo, that's what they call their drinkable mayonnaise. Sounds gross. But it also tastes gross. And it looks gross. And for all I know feels gross, but I'm not going to touch it. Why? Who decided we needed this? Don't have time to eat that BLT Before you go here, just take along this can of the worst thing about it.


I, I really want to see the, the television commercials for this. I wanna see a bunch of people on the beach like playing volleyball. Like man, I worked up a sweat. Hand me the mail you did. If it kills me Coming up, our panelists pick up a prescription in our bluff The listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


Hey it's Peter Segel. Before we get back to the show, we wanna say a big Thank You to our listeners. It's because of you that we get to bring on famous people and ask them about very silly subjects. Just this year alone, we've questioned Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen about Antiques Roadshow. Can I phone a friend? You have armed security, you can do whatever you want. Stumped Chef and TV host Kristen Kish with Jeff Bezos Trivia. God, see I was really bad at quizzes and I always did see when I didn't know the answer. So go ahead, ask your question. Ask And asked English actor Gary Oldman about Hobby Horses. Have you, have you heard or seen Hobby Horsing? I have seen it. It's pretty out there. It's pretty out there. Like I said, silly. But we like to think pretty funny if you already support our work by giving it to your local station or signing up for NPR Plus, we really appreciate it. If you haven't heard of NPR Plus, well that's a program especially for our podcast listeners. For a small recurring donation, NPR plus supporters get to hear this and other NPR shows sponsor free and you get other perks too, like bonus episodes and discounted items from the NPR shop. So you get all that with Plus and know your supporting NPR R'S mission of creating a more informed public and our mission to embarrass as many famous people as possible. Just go to plus NPR dot org to learn more. And thanks.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series Returns Tonight follow Cassie Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NBRs. Wait, Wait, don't Tell me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr


From NPR at WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Nain Farad, Adam Felber and Adam Burke. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Right Now of course it is time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff is the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our games in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is Amy Dunham calling from Atlanta. Oh, so What do you do there in Atlanta? I Work for Habitat for Humanity. You Do Let, Now that's that of course is the nonprofit that builds homes for the people who need them, which is wonderful.


And of course it's famous because Jimmy Carter used to volunteer for them all the time. Did you ever run into him on one of your projects? No, unfortunately he had retired from public life by the time I started. You know, knowing him, I know he's in a hos, I know he's in hospice right now, but he still might show up. He's unstop. We have not rolled it out. Well welcome to the show Amy. It's nice to have you here. You're gonna play the game in which you have to tell truth from Fiction. Bill, what is Amy's topic? Well, I wasn't expecting that from my drug. Ah, Drug side effects, which we all know is those things that make commercials really long This week we though we heard about a unique side effect of a pharmaceutical.


Our panel is going to tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the weight. Waiter's voice of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I'm ready. Alright, Let's do it. Let's first hear from Adam Burke Seiki starting flanker for New Zealand's All Blacks national rugby team was one of the side's most devastating defensive players shutting down opponents and once making 85 tackles in one game, that is until he started taking a homeopathic recipe for a shoulder injury. As teammate Bodhi Acosta explains it made his shoulder better, but he started to play a little differently. His teammates noted se wasn't as aggressive in defense. Then he'd strike up conversations with the other side.


In the scrum says Acosta referring to those big eight man rugby huddles that looked like Ratan made of meat. When team medics took a closer look at the remedies attack had been taking, they learned that it, it had been linked to huge increases in empathy and compassion as a side effect. By the time we figured out the issue, he was stopping us from stepping on. Ladybugs on the pitch says Acosta. I mean empathy is great, but not when France is whacking you. 21 to nothing And an herbal drug makes a member of New Zealand's much feared rugby team. Not very fearsome at all.


Your next story of a little something on the side comes from Nain Farah. When kids across Spain were sprouting huge tufts of hair all over their bodies in what is scientifically called hypertrichosis, but is ally called werewolf syndrome. Their parents were concerned and jealous because these weren't just a bunch of random kids. They were the children of parents who suffer from baldness After extensive analysis. And don't worry, the analysis came with a celebrated two o'clock Spanish siesta. They found that a parent in each case had been taking Minoxidil, the popular hair regrowth drug.


That's right. The bushy crown dreams of a bunch of balding Spanish dudes led to an uptick in werewolf syndrome. An affliction so rare that it's only been documented 100 times since the Middle Ages. A spokesperson for Minoxidil probably said, Hey, we told you the drug works. We didn't say where it works. Parents And caregivers who are taking Minoxidil accidentally make their own babies hairy. Your last unexpected effect comes from Adam Felber. As wildlife levels drop across this great land of ours, one ecosystem that's been bucking the trend is the population of fish, frogs and waterfowl in the area surrounding Florida's massive, the village's retirement community.


And now thanks to a new study, we know why. No, it's not reduced pollution from those newfangled Tesla mobility scooters. And it's not from all those oldsters feeding the ducks. No, according to the research, the cause for the burgeoning wildlife population is runoff from all that Viagra and Cialis in the wastewater. The sunfish are fun fish. The horny toads are hornier and the ducks. Well you get the idea the this unexpectedly virtuous and virile chemical spill is already causing ecologists to stand up and take notice. A proposed senior center near an important headwaters in Washington state now has the full support of the Audubon Society as a means of saving the salmon population.


They've even got a slogan to promote senior sex If you've got game, so will we. Alright, So This week we heard a story about a drug that had an unexpected side effect. Was it from Adam Burke? An herbal medicine taken by a rugby player that made him just too nice and pacifist to play rugby from Nain Farad caregivers using Minoxidil or Rogan to grow their own hair. Ended up growing it on their babies 'cause they kept touching them. Or from Adam Felber the ed medicines used by the senior citizens of the villages in Florida leading to a burst of wildlife in the neighborhood. Which of these is the real interesting side effect we heard about in the week's news?


I'm going to say something I've never thought I'd say out loud, which is I'm going to go with the Spanish werewolf babies. I am ashamed to admit how often I've uttered that. I know. Alright, you are choosing then Nain story of the Spanish Werewolf babies to see if you're correct. We spoke to a reporter covering this real phenomenon. It's known as werewolf syndrome and it was connected to oldness medication That Was Hatti. Wil Moji is a food and nutrition reporter Newsweek, who reported on the real story of the Spanish Werewolf Babies.


Congratulations Amy. You got it right. And if you ever start a band now you have the perfect name for it. You're in the point for Nain and you've won our prize. The voice of your choice and your voicemail. Congratulations And Thank You. Thank You so much. Well done Amy. Take care. And now the game we call Not My job, Jim Gaffigan has been one of the most successful comedians in the country for more than two decades. He's routinely called, he's often called America's most prolific comedian, which I think is good. Yes. His latest special is called The Skinny. It's out on Hulu now. Jim Gaffigan, welcome back to Wait.


Wait, don't tell me. Good to see you. And speaking of seeing you, congratulations on the new special, the Skinny and its re the reason for its title, which is that you have lost a lot of weight as you open up the show with by demonstrating and talking about. Yes. Has that been a positive experience? Do you, do you, do you, do you like it when people congratulate you on having lost a lot of weight? Or is it like a mixed experience? Well, I feel there's, there's a certain imposter syndrome because I, you know, I used an appetite suppressant, so it's not like I put any effort or changed any behavior. Right. You know, in other words, I'm kind of like, it's the ultimate nepo baby.


Right? Yeah. Are you having like a thin like me experience walking around the world, being thin and finding out what it's like for those people? Well, I, I, you know, I joke in the special that I, you know, I used to be a fat guy and now I'm just, I'm thin, therefore arrogant. 'cause I always viewed thin people as arrogant. But I do feel like, I mean, I love it. My knees don't hurt. It's, you know, with the appetite suppressant, I'm just kind of, it's not like I don't eat, I just eat like a normal human. Right. I'm less consuming like a dog. Did you worry because I mean, I know for example that there are people who feel like that if they're, if they stop drinking or if they start taking antidepressants, they won't be creative anymore.


Did you worry that if you weren't fat, you couldn't be funny anymore? I, I, you know, the, in my twenties I was thin and granted I wasn't very successful at standup. So the, the special comes out at the end of what I understand has been a pretty remarkable year for you. For example, earlier you went with about 200 other comedians to the Vatican to meet the Pope. Is that right? Yeah. I mean, that shows you the position that the Catholic church is in right now. They're like, okay, Time to call in the comedians. Yeah. What have we got? We got nothing. Nobody else will come see us. The comedians mind. Why, I mean, why in the world did Pope Francis, why did he want to have 200 comedians come to the Vatican?


It, well there was a really intellectually sound reason, which he believes that humor is a really important part of dealing with everyday life. And so he wanted to articulate that. But the reality of sitting in a room in the Vatican with, you know, Jimmy Fallon, Chris Rock and Ram, you feel like it was just a gathering of every kid who couldn't behave in Church of, I dunno, I don't know if the nun can do it for these guys. We better go to the Pope. You said in your Instagram post about it that the pope told you, Pope Francis told you Jim Gaffigan, that you were his favorite comedian.


What Is that true? That is not true at all. That was me trying to be funny Making one of your little jokes. But I posted and I was like, you know what? Are people gonna think that I'm serious, but would've been funnier from a fat guy. Yeah. The, it was, yeah. Because, you know, some of it is, you know, English is probably the fourth language that Pope Francis knows. Right. So I didn't really bother to say anything. I just kind of like nodded and kind of, you know, just kind of was polite and move along. 'cause that's what's so amazing about religion and politics.


It's like the entertainment industry, but there's, they don't get paid anything. It's brutal. That's true. That's true. I actually read that you once opened for the Pope, in a way, is that I did when he came to the United States a few years ago. Is that right? Yeah, I, well, I opened for the Pope Mobile and I essentially did 10 minutes of standup outside in Philly. I followed, you know, a team of dancers and then I went out and I was sarcastic. I essentially bombed for 10 minutes and then the Pope Mobile drove in. So it wasn't as glamorous as it sounds really.


So another accomplishment that happened this year, you got the chance to play Tim Waltz on Saturday Night Live. Now, when you saw the announcement that he was gonna be the vice presidential candidate, did you just start hovering by the phone waiting for Lorne Michaels to call? I maybe I've just been kicking around long enough where I had a, you know, I'd been burned so many times that I didn't want to emotionally invest in it. And so when, you know, the internet kind of after Steve Martin turned it down, they kind of identified every Midwestern Doy guy.


I was like, I was, yeah. I mean, I definitely wanted to do it, but, and Wouldn the irony would've been, ah, Jim, we wanted you to play Tim Malls, but you've lost too much waitwait. Right. You're not doy enough. It's a shame. Well, that's the good thing about being a Midwestern Doy guy is like, you can lose the weight, but you still look outta shape. That's True. Well, Jim Gaffigan, it's great to talk to you again. And this time we have invited you here to play a game. We are calling Your Wait, Wait gift Guide. Now the holidays are right around the corner. So we're gonna ask you three questions about gifts you can buy for your loved ones. Answer two questions correctly and you'll win a present for one of our listeners, the voice of anyone from our show, they might like Bill, who is Jim Gaffigan playing for Liz Wilder of Phoenix, Arizona.


Alright, First question. There are lots of high tech products you can buy, including a whole category just meant to improve your sleep, including which of these? A, a smart pillow which uses AI and motors to nudge you when you start snoring. B, a smart mattress that flings you out of bed if you hit snooze one too many times or see a smart fitted sheet with a speaker that tells you step by step how to fold it correctly. Well, it can't be the fitted sheet. Wouldn't It be great though? I feel like, I feel like it's gotta be the smart pillow.


It is. It's the smart pillow, the ucci smart pillow can sense. It says if you're snoring and then uses these motors in the pillow to nudge your head, which will either make you stop snoring because you've moved or you'll just learn not to snore to avoid that punishment. Alright, second question. It wouldn't be Christmas without the Goop gift guide. Oof. And this year in the sexy holiday section of the gift guide, Gwyneth Paltrow suggests that what might be just the thing to spice up your love life a, a pet parrot so they can repeat your pillow, talk back to you, be a replica of the 1995 Batman costume, you know, the one with the nipples.


Or see a printed photograph of a classic 1951 Ferrari two 12 sports car. Wow. Yeah, I know. They're all so hot. It's hard to choose. There Is something I, well, I think it's the third one. It's the photo, it's The picture of the Ferrari. You're right. Wow. Why did you, why did you, why did you think it was that one? Because there is something about the, not that I understand Goop logic, but I think there's the nostalgia of the beauty of the past that is timeless, right?


Yeah. And so that would be my reasoning, But is it erotic? What, what was the Word of the year again? Yeah. Alright, here's a third question. See if you can be perfect. Of course. If you wanna get, for the person who has everything, you always turn to Neiman Marcus. And this year in their holiday gift guide, they're offering a $48,000 Moe Shandal vending machine, which lets you have 35 bottles of champagne available to your friends and family at the touch of a button. There's a catch though. And what is it? A, the $48,000 price does not include the champagne. B the machine only holds those single serving mini bottles of champagne.


Or C it'll cost you an extra thousand dollars to have it delivered. Oh, I think it's, I think it's the thousand dollars delivered. It is. It's It's the first One. It is both the first one and the last one. They're all true. Oh, Really? So for $48,000, you get basically an empty vending machine that says Moe Chandon in it. You can, which I kind of want. Do you really? But there's nothing worse than when like the champagne gets jammed and then the next person comes along, gets two bottles of CI hate that you're drinking my champagne. It's the worst. Why? You know, why Insert what? Whatever happened to the days of refrigerator?


I know. You know what else is frustrating when you're trying to get your champagne and you keep trying to get your a hundred dollars bill in, he keeps rejecting it. It's just the worst Bill. How did Jim Gaffigan do in our quiz? Pretty in A row. Perfect. Excellent, Jim, congratulations. I mean, it's, it's not being the pope's favorite comedian, but it's something. So congratulations. Thank You so much. Jim Gaffigan is a comedian and actor whose latest special, the skinny is on Hulu now. It's fabulous. Check it out. Jim Gaffigan, Thank You so much for joining us again. We'll see you next time. I hope. Take care.


In just a minute. Bill brings you the most disgusting drink you've ever tasted in our listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


I'm Jesse Thorn. This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle aged strapper with an 18-year-old daughter, she's Really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline Podcast from NPR


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast. From NPR.


From NPR at WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the Get VR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Adam Feldberg, Nain Farsad and Adam Burke. And here again is your host at the Stu Maker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a minute. In just a minute, bill reads his limericks just in the nick of rhyme in our listener Limerick challenge game. Yes, that's right. We've reset those jokes back to the beginning if you'd like to play, Give us a call at one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Adam Felber.


There's something new to complain about at the airport. According to the Washington Post, getting to what has become a time consuming nightmare. Just about everywhere. The bathroom? No, the Rainforest Cafe. Technically it's, it's usually outside the airport. Increasingly far away from the Oh, getting to the, the, the, the lot. Getting to the lot where you pick up a Uber taxi. Yes, exactly. Getting to Uber. That is absolutely a problem at it really is at LAX. Right. According to the, the Washington Post calling a rideshare at most airports have become an absolute obstacle course. It's like entering the labyrinth. But instead of a mini tour at the center, it's a Hyundai Elantra with way too much air freshener. If only I could take a Lyft to get to the uber lot there. You know, they should do what cabs do or they just line, you're in, they're in a line and then you just have to get into the first Uber, you see?


Right. And then you go to wherever that person paid for. You know? I feel like that's the solution. It would be great. You'd see new, see new things, big new people. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Adam Burke the entire downtown with Springfield, Tennessee lost power last week after the mayor drove into a telephone pole. Now the mayor insists it wasn't his fault and instead he blamed his what? His chauffeur, who is a dog? No, His death wish, I'll give you a hint. It, it wasn't, it wasn't, as far as we know, a McMuffin. He wouldn't have stooped to the store brands. Oh, was he eating?


Was he eating his breakfast? In the car? He was eating. I'll tell you, he blamed his sausage biscuit. Oh, 'cause the biscuit was, was on the steering wheel apparently. Yes. Like he was driving. Yeah, he was drunk. So he had the biscuit drive. No. Or In the mayor's words, he quote leaned over to grab my sausage biscuit and before I knew it, the pole was in front of me. Now you might be asking, I'm asking, asking a lot of questions. Well, One of the things you might be asking, and I'll anticipate this question, is, did the accident, which hit the telephone pole also cause a bunch of live wires to fall into a funeral home setting it a blaze? Yes it did. That was my first question. I know. Yeah. For to save some time. Wait, I feel like this story would be more respectable if he was just texting like the rest of us.


Yes. Texting. I would like a sausage biscuit. Is the city now suing the sausage biscuit or is it, are they holding on criminal charges? They'll take it in for question where it's gonna be grilled. Ah. Oh, Go have a mayonnaise drink. You've earned it. Now it's time for a new game that we are calling. That's disrespectful. So This week we saw the word disrespectful pop up a lot in the news. So we decided to ask you about some of the instances we saw rapid fire, true false style. Get your question right. You get a point ready to play. Sure.


Alright. Adam Burke, we'll start with you. True or false This week, the city of Glasgow was called disrespectful for putting safety warnings directly on people's Christmas decorations. True? No, it's false. They were called disrespectful for placing safety warnings directly on people's gravestones. Nikki, it's a little late. A Little late. Yeah. This might hurt you, sir. True or false? Nain. Last week, a man was called out online for being disrespectful after he showed up just two minutes late to his cousin's Thanksgiving dinner. False. That is false. He was called disrespectful after insisting on reviewing each dish out loud to the table immediately after tasting it. And his reviews were not positive.


Adam Burke. True or false? This week a wedding guest called a bride and groom, quote, disrespectful for not having a vegan wedding cake at their reception. Oh, gotta be true. No, it's false. She called them disrespectful for only having a vegan wedding cake to quote trick people into eating vegan food. And finally, for Yuni game, the story that inspired this game. True or false? An MMA fighter said of her opponent that it was quote, disrespectful to elbow my anus. True. Of course. True. What? That's not respectful. What? What body part should you have used?


That's a good question. That's it for the first ever edition of, that's disrespectful. We'll have to do it again. Unless you people start being nice Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first, it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, Carla, leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks right here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Or come see us on the road. We'll be back at the legendary Carnegie Hall in New York City on December 12th next week. For tickets and info, go to npr presents.org. Also, you can check out our sister podcast, how to do everything.


This week Mike and Ian get a question so complicated. They have to call in the United States Army. Hi Iran. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hi, this is Morgan Shalu from Boston, Massachusetts. Hey, Boston, Massachusetts. I'm gonna ask you, being a a part-time Bostonian for much of my life, when people say they're from Boston, they usually don't mean Boston. They mean someplace near Boston. Do you mean Boston? I'm in Boston proper. The neighborhood of Jamaica Plain. Oh, there you go. Jamaica Plain. Jp. Jp. I know it well. What do you do there? Monday through Friday? I'm a fundraiser at an independent school and on Sundays I direct music at a local church. Do you? I sure do. Yes. I was just coming up with something interesting to say about that and not Well Morgan, welcome to the show.


Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks will be a winner. You ready to go? Ready to go. Let's go. Here's, here's your first limerick, Electronic flexor supports. Soon I'll wear on pickleball courts and then I'll go dance in that pair of the pants, I'll be wearing some mechanized Shorts. Yes. Yes. Engineers have finally invented what we've all been waiting for. Robot shorts. They're called walk-ons and you can wear them over your everyday clothes to help you expend less energy while you walk. Alright, thanks guys. But I'm not gonna buy these until they can pull out their own wedgie.


How Can those work? Am I walking wrong? I can't think of anything that shorts covers that would help you Walk. Well, I mean if you think about it, you know, it's sort of those tendons and, and, and muscles at the top of your legs and they sort of help you move as you walk Along. Right? Doing, oh, I've been doing it all with the Feet. Yeah. Are They like cargo robot shorts where they have extra pockets? Is that what you're concerned of? The story? I was worried about that for a second. I, I understand. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. No, it's, they've got sort of like braces that go around your midsection and then they reach down into your thighs and can I get them in a variety of colors or is it just A watch? No, it's just magic on the Right. Wait, this has turned into QVC. We only have 15 pairs left. Call it now. Alright, here is your next limerick With this pencil.


I'm flexing my noodle. Try to cow. But it looks like a poodle though. Critics may quibble that I merely scribble. I'm training my brain when I Doodle. Yes. Drawing has long been known to be good for your mental health. Now, one expert saying that if you can't draw, you should do it anyway. 'cause bad drawing has the same positive effect. You may think of yourself as a terrible artist, but just spend a few minutes every day drawing whatever comes to your mind. And then you'll have proof that you are artist Darren Fisher says, pointless scribbles can help you enter a flow state, which can help you become less self-conscious and overcome mental blocks.


Those random lines sharpen your drawing skills, sharpen your focus, and give you something to draw mustaches and boobs on for your next doodles. So the idea is, if you can't draw, draw. If you're a bad driver, get out there anyway. And who is med school to tell you that you can't do surgery? Alright, Here's your last limerick. If Santa won't answer your wish, leave this milk with a stale cookie dish. They come malt or a shake With what swims in the lake. We made milk by just grinding up fish. Fish, Yes. A nonprofit foundation.


Indonesia is developing a new alternative to cow's milk, fish milk. It contains all nine essential amino acids and taste just like normal milk. According to that foundation's production manager who is lying. How is that film Less gross than drinking mayonnaise? That's true. Well, You know, if you combine 'em, you're, you're almost at a drinkable tuna milk. That's true. Now it sounded, it's, it's Great. No, it has so many uses. First of all, for all of you people who never knew what beverage to pair with fish, and of course I should say they're not literally milking fish. Right? You can't milk fish. The fish are caught.


You Can try. Yeah. Wait, you would pair a glass of fish milk with fish. What? Better? It's like pairing a cheeseburger with a glass of cheeseburger. Yeah, it's too much. I'm listening. Doesn't make What I find hilarious is like, of all the things I've mentioned so far, that's the one you object to. It's like you can No, you pair a nice dry white with fish. Peter, what are you talking about, bill? How did Morgan do in our quiz? God bless you, Morgan. Got 'em. All right. Congratulations. Thank You so much for playing to Morgan and say hello to that great ice cream store down there in jp. I sure will. Thanks so much. Take care.


At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people To Go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for? The stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting ready, making de Sao or going to work.


So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR. Cell Phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU. Now it's time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Adam has two. The other Adam has two and Nain has five.


What? Oh. Since both Adams are tied, double choose Adam Felber to go first. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, lawmakers passed a no confidence vote against the government in blank France, right after being hit with a 7.0 earthquake. Residents in California were then warned of a possible blank tsunami. Right? On Monday, Donald Trump announced plans to visit Paris for the reopening of the blank Notre Dame Cathedral. Right This week, a church in Switzerland said the congregants could now give their confessions to blank. Their Computers. No. To an ai Jesus that is affixed to the confessional wall. Oh yeah. On Tuesday, budget, airline blank announced it was adding first class seats to some planes. Spirit. No frontier.


According to a new study, eating small amounts of blank daily could reduce your risk of diabetes. Dark chocolate. Right? This week a man was arrested at LAX after he was caught trying to smuggle 70 pounds of meth by blanking Waddling. No by convert, awkwardly by converting it into a liquid and soaking all his clothes in it. What? According to TSA agents, the man was caught trying to check a suitcase that contains 70 pounds of meth soaked clothes. It's a rookie mistake. Everybody knows the way to get your meth onto an airplane is in dozens of little three ounce containers. Bill, how did Adam Selber do on our quiz?


Four. Right? Eight more points and 10 gives him the lead. Alright. Not much of a lead. It should be said, but Thank You. Thank You very much. Audience, Adam Burke. You're up next. Please fill in the blank. After his declaration of martial law was overturned, six different political parties filed impeachment articles against the president of blank South Korea. Right. On Monday, a judge once again rejected blank's. Now a hundred billion dollars pay package from Tesla, Elon Musk. Right. This week the Supreme Court heard arguments in a case regarding gender affirming care for blank minors. Right. On Thursday, opposition forces in blank and re recapture to the city of Hamma In Syria. Right After a falling into a well in Thailand, it took a Chinese tourist three days to be rescued because blank.


He He hadn't gone to the souvenir Shop? No, because everyone confused his cries for help. For a ghost wailing This week, a man who tried to rob a church in California was foiled because the pastor was blank. Oh, just, just arm to the teeth? No, he was A, He was a trained mixed martial arts fighter. The robber thinking the church would be empty, broken, and was leaving with an armload of valuables when he was met by the pastor who greeted him with the Holy Spirit of Jiujitsu Bill. How did Adam Burke do on our quiz? Well, we have a very close game. He got four, right? Eight more points. His total of 10 ties.


Adam Feldberg. There You go. All right. So how many then does Nain Farsad need to win Three to win? Na, this is so stressful. How few to blow it. Ah, okay. Alright. Nain, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. After questions were raised about Trump's pick for defense, secretary Blank's name was then floated as a replacement. DeSantis. Right? According to a new report to the Atlantic Ocean could lose all its blank by the end of this decade. Fish the Icebergs ice. Yeah. This week NASA engineers successfully restored contact with the blank probe. Mars No Voyager Way out there. On Wednesday, cryptocurrency blank broke a hundred thousand dollars for the first time.


Bitcoin, Right This week, a man in Wales says he has a solid plan for recovering the blank that his wife accidentally threw away The engagement ring. No, the hard drive containing $500 million in Bitcoin. On Monday, Elgin John revealed that he had lost his blank Vision. Yeah, his eyesight. On Thursday, Pantone announced that Mocha moose was their blank of the year color. Right. This week, a Minnesota woman was busted for stealing a car after she blanked. Wait, busted for stealing a car after she, After she blanked, Started doing car karaoke. No. After she wrote in her journal quote, totally stole a car. Today, the investigators that already suspected the woman when they founded the incriminating diary entry and arrested her, it didn't help that her next entry after that was, and if the police come looking for me, I'll hide down in the laundry room.


Bill, did Nain do well enough to win? Well, Coming up on the outside, she got five rides. 10 more points. Her total of 15 wins This week. Yay. Yeah. Yeah. Thank You so much. It was A pleasure beating you. Pleasure beating you. Pleasure being beaten by You. Coming up, our panelists predict now that Rainforest Cafe is made a comeback, what will be the next big concept restaurant to take the nation by storm. But first, let me tell you all that. Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR NWBE Z Chicago, in association with Urgent Hair Care Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Gor Rise, our limericks, our public address announcers. Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shayna Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Leaderman composed our theme.


Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles dorm boss, and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Vinnie Thomas and Monica Hickey, our SC Bty Toilet. Well, that's Peter Gwynn. Emma Choi is our vibe Curator. Technical directions from Lorna White, her C Ffo iss. Colin Miller, our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Ello and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me, is Michael Danforth now panel, what will be the next concept? Restaurant Nain. Farsad Middle School Cafe where you could experience the thrill of puberty, incessant bullying and crippling insecurity and immersive acne comes with every meal. Adam Felber. In keeping with the endangered species theme, you could travel back to another era when you visit the Cafe Congressional Democrat And Adam Burke, A Shell oil themed restaurant, which will move in on and tear down all of the rainforest cafes.


Well, if that any of that happens, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks Also to Adam Burke. Adam Selber, mcg Farad. Thanks. Our fabulous audience here at the C Baker Theater, each and every one of them. And thanks to all of you, each and every one of you, wherever you might be on Peter Segel. We'll see you next week at Kgi Hall. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit, so the card's purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus, the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X Business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X Business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash venture X business.


Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast every weekday. We bring you important stories from around the globe. In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world. We are already there. Listen to the State of the World Podcast from NPR.