
NPR informs and connects communities around the country providing reliable information in times of crisis. Federal funding helps us fulfill our mission to create a more informed public and ensures that public radio remains available to everyone. Learn more about safeguarding the future of public media. Visit protect by public media.org.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait. Don't tell me the NPR news quiz Wolf Trap. Meet your thirst trap. I am. I'm Gki Ayson. Filling in for Bill Curtis. And here is your host at Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts in Vienna, Virginia. Peter Segel. Thank You, GKI. Thank You everybody. Thank You So much. We feel the same way. We are delighted to be back at this beautiful venue in a national park near Washington, even though it is approximately 10,000 degrees outside.


And so sweaty people keep sliding out of their seats down to the stage. We don't know if the heat is actually that good for us. So I'm glad that Later on we're gonna be talking with a retired physician by the name of Anthony Fauci. But first we want to hear your diagnosis of the week's news. Give us a call. The number is one Triple eight eight eight Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. It is time to welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Rachel from Atlanta. Hey, Rachel from Atlanta. How are you? I'm doing pretty well. How are you? I am fine. Atlanta seems to be like the center of the universe these days.


You have all the political rallies. You have all the cool crimes. Is it exciting to be in Atlanta just to get up every day and be Wow. I'm in Atlanta. It is. I'm trying to get season tickets to the convocation Center. Oh yeah. That's where they have all the cool rallies. It is Kamala and Back See Stallion on Wednesday and Trump and JD Van on Saturday. Yeah, you go. Welcome to the show, Rachel. Let me introduce you to our panel on stage here at Wolf Trapp. First up, a comedian who has written for late night with Seth Meyers and Pachinko. Season two premieres August 23rd. Over on Apple tv. It's Karen Chi Next, the comedian and host of the Breaking Bread with Tom Papa podcast.


It's Tom Papa. Hi Rachel. Hi Papa. And the comedian and the host of the Fake the Nation Podcast, who you can see on the Wait Wait standup tour coming in September. It's Nain Farah. Woo. Hey. All right Rachel, you're gonna play Who's Chichi this time? Chichi Ayson filling the shoes of Bill Curtis. This time is gonna read you three quotations from the the week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you will win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose on your voicemail. You ready to play? I think so. Alright. Now your first quote is from a triathlete talking about the swimming leg of her race this week.


I felt and saw things we shouldn't think about too much. She was talking about the things she encountered as she swam her race. Where? In the Sun River? Yes. In the river San in Paris for the Olympics. Now, nobody doubted the French Olympics could build a beach by the Eiffel Tower or stage, the first opening ceremonies to be denounced by the Catholic church. But nobody expected they would ever be able to make the river send safe for swimming. But look, no, actually don't. It's still pretty gross. After spending a billion dollars to clean it up, they had to delay the triathlon because of unsafe e coli levels.


But then finally on Wednesday, the river was deemed quote compliant. Great. Yay. Take your marks. It's your funeral. Go. Okay, that sounds gross, but I do wanna say that if you're gonna swim in poop, it's better that it's like poop from elevated French cuisine. Right. The highest quality. It's like, it's like Michelin starred poop. Yeah, that's, and so I'd rather do that, You know? Yeah. Oui made that food. It was a very, in the end, it was a very exciting triathlon, especially the swimming leg. 'cause you just watch the swimmers just sort of step from thing to thing on top of the water.


Now I know a lot of people are complaining about all of the poop in the river, but I have been watching, 'cause I have a comedian have a lot of free time and I'm watching all of the Olympics and I love it. I've been watching a lot of the horse events, the eventing, the dressage dressage. And it doesn't matter how nicely they do the horse's hair up, there's a lot more poop there than in the river. Yeah. Also, if you see the photographs, I saw the photographs of the swimmers after they finished that leg of the race. Yeah. They're all like doubled over and vomiting. And I didn't realize why they were vomiting and I just saw the picture and was like, yeah, swimming is so hard. Yeah. That's it. That's, it's the swimming. It's the swimming. Alright, here is your next quote.


The childless cat ladies are coming for it. Oh, apparently we have some here. That was a Newsweek headline about somebody having a historically rocky first couple of weeks as a national candidate. Who is it? Well, I just adopted two kittens this spring and have no children myself. So I know that is JD Vance. That is JD Vance. Oh, you are yourself a childless cat lady. JD Vance, according to actual polls, is the most unpopular vice presidential pick in 44 years.


Okay. Okay. That's bad. That's not good. But Donald Trump immediately left to his defense. He said, and this is true, vice presidents don't really matter. And of course, you know, Trump picked vans because of his appeal to the white working class and how nicely he fits under a bus. Actually, he's not very tall. He can fit under a minivan. Whatever you need to run him over with. Yeah. He can fit under a minivan or under a couch cushion Or on top of one. Alright. You can, yeah. For, for any, for someone who's complaining about things being childless, why are you having sex with furniture?


I know Now. So I need to explain. Another way that JD Vance has made history is he's the first national candidate ever who has been the subject of an actual AP story. Debunking the rumors he had sex with a couch. Now the couch story was completely made up sometime ago by a prankster, but it does say something that an editor at the Associated Press heard about it, looked at Vance and said to a reporter, check that out. I Gotta say, I think JD Vance is kind of brave for coming after childless cat ladies.


'cause he seems to not know that one of the most powerful women in America, Taylor Swift, is a childless cat lady. That's true. And, And the Only thing scarier than I would say the US military is swifties online. Yeah. Can I just say about the couch thing that like, when I heard that news, I was like, oh, this is actually the best thing we've heard about Vance so far. Why this Actually makes him a little bit more likable that maybe he couches. Yeah. And in terms of his popularity, even as it sinks, it gives him a cushion. And you know what, just for the record, I know you're not gonna put this on NPR, but it's totally true.


Totally true. I had roommates that looked like that guy I went to college with guys like that. He had sex with a couch. Yeah. Alright. Your last quote is, someone griping about a time honored office tradition that's fading away. We had four of them in a two week span. That's a lot of cake. What office tradition apparently just has too much cake for it to last Office birthday party. Exactly. Office birthday parties. They are ending according to the Wall Street Journal, this is happening apparently because workers realized that while they were working at home during the pandemic, they just didn't miss them.


There were also, of course, when they came back, they demanded higher wages and more flexible schedules and bosses were like, okay, we heard the part where we take away cake. I hope that this gains momentum and we can actually cancel out the Happy Birthday song. Yes. All together. Right. But it's, you don't like the song. It's so sad. Nobody ever, you try and put a spin on it. It's just, it's a funeral dirge. Right. Ah, everyone's looking around at each other. Happy birthday. Woo. You. Oh, someone just give the eulogy and Wrap this up and then when you finally end it, some, some poor fool just keeps going with the How old are you?


It's how, it's basically how joke, how did Rachel do in our quiz? Rachel got one right for each of her cats making her a winner. Congratulations, Rachel. Yeah. Right now panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Tom Japan has had a massive increase in tourists lately. And in response, they are now requiring a license for anyone operating a motorized what?


Motorized scooters? No. They're riding around on those carts when you're old. No. So it's, They're riding around on each other. No, They're very, they're remarkable. They're remarkable vehicles because they carry you and your clothes and your toiletries. Oh, on your luggage? Yes. Motorized. Motorized Luggage. Motorized luggage. Right. Oh, fun. Right. I tried doing this the other day and I really, and I realized it's not motorized at all. And I was just lying there on the floor. The yen is cheap compared to the dollar. So along with the Japanese tourist boom comes a rise in people using these motorized rideable suitcases in and around the airports.


If you haven't seen a motorized suitcase, just imagine seeing someone on a Segway and then strip away what little dignity they have left. You know what I saw in the airport the other day? I think it was at JFK. And you know how some people need help getting to the gate from go through security? So they have someone wheel you in a wheelchair. Yes. They now have robotic wheelchairs. Nobody's behind it. They just program it on the pad. You put grandma in it and wish for the best. That's utterly terrifying. Yeah. Yeah. Or a good way to cut down on your medical Costs. That's also true.


Coming up, our Olympic coverage continues in our bluff The Listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait. Don't tell me from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez. A lot of short daily news podcasts. Focus on one story, but sometimes you need for Up First on NPR, we bring you the three top world headlines every single day in under 15 minutes because no one story can capture all that's happening in on any given morning. So listen to The Up First podcast from NPR.


99% of the US population lives within listening range of at least one public media station. And everyone can listen to NPR podcasts free of charge. That means you get completely un walled access to stories, prize-winning reporting, and shows that represent the voices in every corner of the country. Hear the bigger picture every day on NPR. This is Tanya Mosley co-host, A Fresh Air. Amanda Knox spent nearly four years in prison for a murder she did not commit. When she was exonerated, she made an unusual decision to befriend the prosecutor who argued for her guilt. Maybe he could help her make sense of her case. I spent years thinking about it and trying to understand it until I realized that I could just ask.


Listen to this interview on the Fresh Air Podcast From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chi Aen. We're playing this week with Tom Papapa, Negin Farsad and Karen Chi. And here again is your host at Wolf Trap in Vienna, Virginia. Peter Segel. Thank You, Chichi. Thank You everybody. Once again, it's time for the Wait. Wait. Don't tell me Bluff a listener game. You can call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our games on the air. Or you can check out the pinned post on our Instagram at Wait, Wait.


NPR for all the information you might need. Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi. Hi. Who's this Sarah calling from? Chicago. Hey, Sarah from Chicago. What do you do? In our, in our mutual home city, I'm a college advisor. A college advisor. Do you have a patented method that you've arrived at for letting a student know that they may be shooting too high? Because I'm sure, I mean, because I hope it's improved from what they did to me, which was just laugh. Yeah. Laughing's not bad Do, do you laugh and then slap your knee and they say, no, seriously, where do you wanna apply? Something like that. Yeah. Rub it in. That would be my advice. Yeah. Well, Sarah, welcome to the show.


You're gonna play our game in which you must try to tell truth from Fiction Chichi. What is Sarah's topic? Secrets Of the Olympic Games. Now, we all know certain things about the Olympics. We watch 'em all the time. Our gymnasts are the best in the world. The dream team is gonna dominate in basketball, and the pole vault is all CGI. But our panelists are gonna tell you a true secret about the games that was revealed this week. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. You ready to play? Yes. First, let's hear from Negin Farsad. By now, you've seen it a thousand times. The iconic image of an Olympian biting their medal. It means the medal is real, which is the only time you'll find a major overlap in the Venn diagram between Olympians and 19th century gold rush prospectors.


But what lies beyond the bite has been covered up for decades. This week, the Olympic Committee went into crisis mode when a series of leaked emails showed that at least 73 Olympians have lodged formal complaints, saying the medals have caused a chipped tooth. The league also revealed that Katie Ledecky, who has been pressured to bite 13 medals to date, begged the committee to ban the practice saying that she had spent too much money on crowns. Quote, it's embarrassing. I don't wanna seem like a bad sport, but I don't know how to bite into a medal without doing it too hard. Representatives for Ledecky denied the email saying, quote, Katie loves the taste of gold, both metaphorically and physically.


All those Olympians making a show of biting their medals after they win 'em or actually injuring their teeth. Your next story behind the scenes in Paris comes from Karen Chi. Olympic Swimmers may seem superhuman, but their athletic prowess pales by comparison to their greatest secret feet peeing in every pool they enter. I've probably peed in every single pool I've swam in three time. Team USA Olympian Lily King told the Wall Street Journal entirely unprompted, It takes up to 20 minutes to get into their extremely tight suits and sometimes up to 40 minutes to get out of them. Which means when nature calls just before a match, well the suit is staying on.


And it turns out that the smell you get from a chlorine is actually a result of pea mixing in with the water. So if you're ever in a pool of any kind with a strong scent of chlorine, there must be a lot of Olympians around. And look, I don't wanna say that Katie Ledecky pees the most, but just hypothetically, let's imagine how fast one could propel through the water. If only they had a jet of urine streaming out from behind. It turns out, oh, the Olympic swimmers, all of them are constantly peeing in the pool. Your last story of a competition confidential comes from Tom Papa In the bustling Olympic Village in Paris, France.


Athletes from around the world were gearing up for their chance at Medal Glory. Among them were Carl Norson, a young German kayaker who had a secret weapon for success. Wiener schnitzel, his grandmother sent him a daily package of the secret schnitzel schnitzel, but in an Olympic village with reputation for horrible food. Word and the sweet schnitzel aroma. Soon got out and Norson started taking orders. Olga Petrov, an Australian weightlifter, was skeptical at first, but after one bite she declared it was better than borscht. Even the American basketball team started lining up for a taste. Dave Heights, a backup point guard, stated, I'm not sure if it makes me shoot better, but anything that puts a little extra schnitzel in our wieners can't be all bad.


So this week a secret of the Olympics was exposed. Was it from Negin? Farsad biting the medals like all the athletes do is really bad for their teeth. From Karen Chi, all of those amazing swimmers pee in the pool or from Tom Papa, the athletes are all getting their strength from a secret schnitzel. Which of these is the true Olympic secret finally revealed Just for being relatable? I'm gonna pick number two about peeing in the pool. Yes, You are choosing Karen's story of the swimmers all peeing in the pool.


While we were lucky enough to speak to the reporter who exposed this secret At big meets like the Olympics, that is one of those rare circumstances where pretty much everyone is probably gonna pee in the pool. Right? That was Lane Higgins, a sports reporter at the Wall Street Journal, talking about who is putting all the P in Olympics. Congratulations. You got it right. Karen was telling the truth. She wins a point just for doing that. But more importantly, you win our gold medal, the voice of anyone you might choose in your voicemail. Congratulations and thanks for playing, Sarah. Thank You so much. This was Fun. Take care. Bye-bye.


Bye. Now, the game where we ask people about subjects they know nothing about. It's called Not My Job. For 39 years, Dr. Anthony Fauci was the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, part of a 50 year long career in public service. He served with every president from Ronald Reagan to Joe Biden, and he saw our country through medical crisis ranging from HIV to Covid. He is the winner.


He is a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom among many other honors. Basically, he's the Simone Biles of Diseases. Dr. Fauci, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Thank You. So Our audience here, very excited to see you, and one of the things I was fascinated to learn about you is even when you were working at the height of government, you know, public health response, you were always seeing patients. Right? Right. And did the patients you saw get as excited to see you as these people? No. No, no. I, I wanna get into your background and you write about it in your, in your memoir on call.


And one of the amazing things I learned from this is that you describe your true ambition back when you were growing up in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, which was to be a basketball star. Right. Whatever happened to that dream? Dr. Fauci? Well, I played high school basketball in New York City. I was the captain of my high school basketball team. Right. I was a pretty good ball player then, but I was five seven. No, Really? What's the problem with that? So when I started to play against college players, I became very aware of a fact.


Yes. And that is a very fast, good shooting. Five, seven point guard will always get destroyed by a very fast, good shooting six three point guard. Right. You, you, but you know, you couldn't like, do cool things like, like go between their legs to the basket. A lot of injuries doing that. Yeah, I know. I guess to them, you know. Do you ever use those skills in your medical practice? Do you ever like back up and throw pills into a patient's mouth from the foul line? Three pointers? Exactly. Yes. Oh, from the paint, Dr. Fauci. Yes. That would be cool. I I have to ask, you worked with many presidents, did you ever shoot hoops with Obama in his backyard?


No, I did not. I I actually was mischievously after I served under him, challenged him and did some trash talking with him about playing basketball and really showing him up because I know I would never get the chance to play against him. I, I think everyone listening who knows your public persona as a caring, a calm, and always reasonable man would like to hear a sample of your trash talk. Right. So you're there you are, you're the president of the United States. Yeah. You're just, you know, you're in a little informal moment.


You're not talking, you're, you're between pandemics, right? Yeah. So there's nothing tense going on. And you, you, you let him know that you're a baller. How so you can take him, He say, well, you're a tall dude Barack, but I can dribble around you anytime. Oh, wow. And one more. And and what did he say? He said, just try it. Yeah. Dr. Fauci, when you, hello. Aye. Thank You for everything that you did, especially teaching us how to wash our hands during the troubles. Now that we're out the, out of the woods on, on all of that, have you amended the washing your hands technique?


Can I go shorter? Is it, is there any benefit to just turning it on, wetting my fingertips and walking out? There is some, but not as much as the 22nd rule. Oh, It was 20. It was 20. You weren't listening. I, I wanted to ask you about something else before we play our game with you. Did you know that in 1991, the Washington hostess Sally Quinn wrote a steamy romance novel with a sexy hero, she says, was based on you. I do not that you, You do know that. Have, have you read the book? No. Ah, Well that seems a shame. Would you like to hear some excerpts?


Because I've got 'em. We, we read it and we thought it was just the highlights. The highlights. And these are all about quote, Dr. Michael Zer, a leading government doctor working on the AIDS crisis quote. He was even better looking up close. He had remarkable blue eyes, a square jaw, and high cheekbones. His voice was low melodious, sexy, almost hypnotic Sound about right? Do you wanna hear some More? No, he's plusing so hard.


Wait, can I ask you a question? Did you identify more as a mc dreamy or a mc steamy? Well, kind of like washing your hands in between, We Imagine you, we imagine you, you know how Neil deGrasse Tyson is always ruining movies with like his astronomy. Do you ever like watch medical shows and go, no, that's ridiculous. No, absolutely not. I'm gonna write a letter. No, I don't write a letter, but I often look at that and just scratch my head and say, what are they talking about? Well, Dr. Anthony Fauci, it is an absolute honor to talk to you, but we have invited you here to play a game that this time we're calling, Here's a virus even you can't cure.


So you're the nation's leading expert on human pathogen viruses. So we thought we'd ask you about computer viruses. Answer two to three correctly, you'll win a prize for one of our, of our listeners, CCHI, who is Tony Fauci playing for Bob Cannon of Washington DC Alright, Are you ready for this? Ready. Alright, here's your first question. The first major computer virus called Brain Wrecked Computers all over the world in 1986. It was relatively easy though to find out who was responsible, why A, it was named after its creator programmer Richard Brain B. The authors included their name and phone numbers in the computer code with a note saying, Hey, call us, we'll fix it.


Or C, the guy who did it called up the companies that were affected and said, oh, just wondering if anything went wrong with your computers today. Three, you're Gonna go for CC. The guy just called him up, said anything go wrong with you. No, it was actually B, they put their own name and number in the Code. I don't know if it was like a protection racket, but they ended up getting a lot of calls. Alright. All right, here's your next question. One of the most destructive viruses was launched in May of 2000. It got millions of users worldwide, including members of the British Parliament to open a malicious file that paralyzed their systems and it convinced them to open it just by pretending to be what a, an offer for free curly fries be a love letter just for them, or c, a chance to see a nude picture of Alan Greenspan.


B. Yes, Dr. Fauci. It was a love letter. It was called The Love Bug Virus. And it featured a file with the title Love letter for you. Alright, it all comes down to this. Here's your last question. Even Barbie has had to deal with computer viruses. That happens in the official Barbie book. Barbie. I can be a computer engineer. So in that book, how does computer engineer Barbie solve the virus problem? A, by shrinking herself to a tiny size and entering the computer to cheer up the virus. B, by employing her PhD in computer science with a specialty in large systems analysis, or C, by asking two boys for help.


I didn't write the book. People Just Ask. I'm asking Dr. Fauci what he thinks. Well, I can't say C because I'll get booed. Why? Why don't we say B There? Unlike, see, you are not a cynic. Right? That may be a problem. You see the best in people and in the Mattel Corporation, but these people perhaps more realistic, feel that it could be C. Yeah. So, so so what's your final answer, Dr. Fauci? No. No. Oh my God.


The man has integrity. Now Here's the thing. The answer is of course C, but this is Dr. Fauci. What this means is that just in a matter of time, two years, five, we're gonna discover that the real answer was B and he was like, Yoki. How did, how did Tony Fauci do in our quiz? Dr. Fauci, I, I'm sorry that you're gonna have to settle for your Presidential Medal of Freedom.


Dr. Anthony Fauci was the director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases from 1984 until 2022. He's the author of On Call, A Doctor's Journey in Public Service, which I highly recommend to you all. Dr. Fauci, Thank You so much for being with Us. Anthony Fauci, everybody In just a minute, we tell you the key to learning a new language in our listener Limerick Chalice. Call one aaa. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll get back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


Wait, Wait, don't tell me fresh air Up First. NPR News now Planet Money. Ted Radio Hour throughline, the NPR politics podcast code switch. Embedded books we love Wild Card are just some of the podcasts you can enjoy. Sponsor free with NPR Plus, get all sorts of perks across more than 20 podcasts with the bundle option. Learn more@plus.npr.org.


Shortwave thinks of science as an invisible force showing up in your everyday life, powering the food you eat, the medicine you use, the tech in your pocket. Science is approachable because it's already part of your life. Come explore these connections on the Shortwave podcast from NPR.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S through line podcast with a Peabody Award. He praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on The Throughline podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chi Aen. We're playing this week with Negin Farsad, Karen, she and Tom Papa. And here again is your host at Wolf Trap in Vienna, Virginia. Peter Segel. Thank You Oke. Thanks everybody. In just a minute, we gotta get Fauci back in here 'cause we got a bad case of Limerick Fever. If you'd like to play, Give us a call of one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news, Tom. The era of the Airbnb apparently is over as more and more people are now excited to stay.


Where? During their vacation At home? No, they're going on vacation, but they're bringing back sort of an older style of accommodation. One that we thought had, had, had sort of died out. Oh, in an old covered wagon. No. Apparently people miss the feeling of having like the person in the room next to you pull their car right up to the window. Oh, they're staying at Burger King. Tom, you must have stayed in these when you were growing up, especially in road trips. You pull in at night, drive up right to your room, you know, Motels. Motels are back according to the Times.


Motels are the shiny new things. The once you ubiquitous vacation staple, you know, they kind of fell into decline in the last few decades. But now travelers are excited again to stay in a place that offers all the convenience of a hotel, but with a way grocer pool. Olympians have been there. Did did they fall out of favor? Because Psycho came out and told everybody, Hey, you're probably gonna get murdered there Probably. And then people forgot about Psycho and now they're, they're back. Well, The reason that they're back is apparently people are actually nostalgic for the traveling experiences of their own childhood and wanna share that with their children. It's like, come on kids. You'll love pretending not to hear what those people are doing in the next room, just like I did.


I don't think it's really gonna come back, I don't think. I think if you stay there once and you're like, no, let's go stay in a hotel or rent a house with a pool and Well, no, on Chichi Chichi, you like motels, right? I think that they're great because since the door is right in the parking lot, you can pull your motorcycle into the motel So you, so you ride your, you're a big motorcycle. Chokey is a big motorcyclist. So you will ride your motorcycle up to the motel, you open the room, you'll drive or push the motorcycle into the room and close the door. It's the most peaceful sleep you can get because you don't worry about thieves. Whoa. Yeah. What do you worry? But do you worry about the paparazzi who've taken photos of you sneaking into a motel room with a Honda to which you are not married?


I don't even know that bike. Yeah, you parking a motorcycle in It is why we're not gonna go there. Exactly. It is gonna be in one room. We see Chi Yogi with a very cool motorcycle go in and the next room, JD Van's with another couch. Karen, we all know the Declaration of Independence was signed by a bunch of our founding fathers, but this week we learned the Declaration of Independence also had the name of a what on it. Oh, Nicholas Cage. How weird. It was all true. I got it. Thank You so much. It was a documentary. Yes. I've seen it so many times. I'm so excited to be in DC No, You know what they say Behind Every successful man is a woman.


Yes. It's, we had a founding mother. Oh, A mommy. Yeah. Founding Mommy. No, you shouldn't say that. Alright. It turns out that there are copies of the Declaration of Independence. In fact, the first ones that were printed with all of the names of the signers on it that have the name of a woman, Mary Catherine Goddard was her name. Whoa. Yeah, it's his, she was the printer. She put it on the bottom of the document. Oh right. It wasn't bringing your daughter to workday. You sexist pig. Can You imagine being like, if she was the only woman in the room, it's like madman. Except these guys just founded a country and they're sweetie fetched me a drink.


That's So wild. That must have been such a wild experience to put your name on a document that refers all women as men. You know, like Totally. Yeah. That must have been such a trip. And maybe she was sort of like hundreds of years down the line. So Right. So, and She was probably like the one in the room that's like, guys, I have a really great idea. It's called Freedom of Speech. And then no one, and then five minutes later, Hamilton was like, guys, I have A great idea. It's called Freedom of Speech or whatever Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4.


You can see us most weeks back at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago on the road in Minneapolis on August 29th and 30th and in Kansas City on September 26th. Or you can check out the Wait, Wait standup tour coming this September to Fort Lauderdale, Tampa, Orlando, and Atlanta. Tickets and information for all of our shows can be found@nprpresents.org. Hi everyone. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter, it's Kathleen Costan from Richmond, Virginia. Hey, Richmond, Virginia. Oh yeah. Not far from here. What's it like in actual Virginia? It's hot. Yes, it's hot all over. What do you do there? I'm an HR manager.


Oh You are? Okay. So you're dealing with people. I have to ask you, all Of the people like all of their problems. Yes. You are an HR manager. What is your opinion about office birthday parties? If I don't have to plan them, they're fantastic. Right. Well, welcome to the show. Kathleen SSON is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from me. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly in two limericks, you will be a winner. Ready to play? I sure Am. Alright. Here is your first Limerick. This new teacher I got. Hits the spot now. I like conjugations a lot. I'm hitting the books 'cause I'm into his looks.


I learned best when the tutor is Hot. Hot, Hot. Yes. Everybody in the audience said at the same time, but they've been saying that all day. So Hot, hot, Hot. According to a language expert, getting a hot tutor improves your chances of learning a new language. It's especially helpful when you really need to learn German for, damn, This is why, this is why I I I, I'm against my wife getting a personal trainer. There's some activities that are a little too intimate. Yeah. And it's like, I'll hold your ankles. Do it.


I'm, I'm just saying, Tom, we were talking about language instruction and No, no kind Peter leap. No, no. It's not a elite. Well, no personal trainer, language instructor, yoga pool guy, all of it. Speaking from personal experience, there is some ankle holding in language instruction, so that's accurate. I think it's hot and or scary. Right? Apparently that works too. Yeah. And then best, she also said that Possible combination is if you have a hot and scary teacher. That was a Van Halen song. Yeah. Down here's, here is your next Limerick Side of lip stains with tacos.


I vote nay, but a guac mask with salsa is so slave for lunch, a burrito and my skin's looking needle. My cosmetics are made by, Oh, Hang on. A she can't. Hey. A, A, she can't hear you. B. It didn't work with Fauci. Hey. Hey Kathleen. Yeah, There's, there's one by the kava at VCU. Oh Richmond. Hint From a Richmond inside.


That was an amazing hint. Chipotle. Chipotle, Yes. Chipotle has unveiled their first ever beauty product. A quote, lip stain called lipo. Whoa, whoa. Yeah. Just to be clear, this is a different lip stain than, than that sour cream nobody at your office told you about. The product gives you, I will quote a long lasting color and fullness that before this you could only get a Chipotle by being allergic to their hott sauce. Here's your last limit. Despite what your alias claims, you look more like a Sam than a James.


What mom and dad chose formed the shape of your nose. Because people look just like their Names. Names, Yes. According to new research, people's faces may physically change over time to reflect their name. So be careful what you name your baby. If you name your baby jeed instantly that baby will have a beard. I just wanna say, as a Karen, I am. That is the first time something has offended me. It's really, it's sad. That Is so sad. Wow. Let me ask you this. Are you sad and offended enough to call the manager? No. Actually, you know what? I'll call the manager Just to say, hi, Chichi.


How did Kathleen do in our quiz? R VA's Own. Kathleen Cast Standin did it with no help. Yeah. Congratulations. Well Done. Thank You, Peter, with Dream come through You. Richmond people, you stick together. Well done. So say my name. Come. Come on. You know what? It's my name. You know what? It's so, say my name. Since Donald Trump took office in January, a lot has happened. The White House budget office ordered a pause on all federal grants and loans. The impact of the Trump administration's tariffs is already being felt inserted.


Trump's efforts to radically remake the federal Government. The NPR politics podcast covers it all. Keep up with what's happening in Washington and beyond with the NPR Politics podcast. Listen, every day Singapore is one of the busiest cities in the world, but biologist Philip Johns is fascinated by a different inhabitant on the island Otters. At rush hour downtown, the otters would swim toward each other and there're literally tens of thousands of people who are on their way to work. How ideas, emotions, and creatures coexist. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. It is now time for our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players left 60 seconds in which to answer as many.


Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is now worth two points. Gki, can you give us the scores? Tom has two. Karen and Nain have three. Oh my gosh. All right, so that means Tom, you're in second place. So you will go first. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Thursday, the US announced a prisoner exchange with blank Russia. Yes. After renewed scrutiny of their self-driving mode, blank announced a recall of over half a million vehicles. Tesla. Right. This week a woman in Florida was arrested for possession after she was caught carrying a bag of drugs labeled Blank Nain. No.


No. The bag of drugs was labeled Bag of drugs. On Monday. Hospitals in Australia began a program aimed at eradicating blank allergies in children Peanut right With, with her win in Paris, swimmer Blank became the most decorated US female Olympian. Ledecky. Yes, Katie. This week, the world's number one ping pong player lost his match after a photographer blanked sneeze. No. Stepped on his ping pong paddle and broke it. Oh, Wang Chuin was expected to dominate his sport like he always does, and everything looked good until a photographer accidentally broke his paddle, starting a series of events that led him to losing his next match. It was heartbreaking for Chuin, but it was pretty funny watching him just trying to hit that little ball with his hand jokey.


How did Tom Papa do in our quiz Tom GA four. Right. For eight more points, he now has 10 points and the lead. Yes. That's Well done. Alright. I am gonna arbitrarily choose Karen to go next. Karen, fill in the blank. Following the death of a Hamas leader in Tehran, Iran vowed to retaliate against blank Israel. Right. On Tuesday, the Senate passed legislation aimed at safeguarding minors who use blank TikTok. Yeah. Social media apps. This week, three detainees at Guantanamo Bay reached a plea deal with a government over their involvement in blank. Oh nine 11. Right. On Wednesday, Russia sent almost a hundred drones to attack areas of blank Ukraine. Right This week when a woman snuck her own snacks into a screening of despicable Me for the movie theater, blanked.


Oh. Exploded with Joy, no. Called the police and had her arrested. According to a new study, cutting red meat from your diet can decrease blank risk by 20%. Heart, no cancer, Illness, Dementia. On Wednesday, Maya Rudolph confirmed that she would again play Kamala Harris on blank as an L. Right. This week, Amazon fired a delivery driver after his filmed speeding down blank to make a delivery Main street USA. No. Speeding down a sidewalk. Oh. According to witnesses, the delivery truck was going at least 35 miles an hour on the sidewalk. Despite the fact there was no traffic on the road next to him, Amazon has since fired the man saying, Amazon drivers are expected by their employer to drive recklessly on the road, not the sidewalk.


Chichi. How did Karen do in our quiz? Karen got five, right? For 10 more points, she now has 13 points and the lead. Alright, whatever. Chichi, how many does Nain need to win? Nain needs six to win. Alright, Here we go again. This is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, the Federal Reserve hinted it would cut blanks in September. Interest rates right during an interview with the National Association of Black Journalists. Blank question. Kamala Harris's racial identity. Donald Trump. Yes. This week, a blank in California grew to be larger than the size of Los Angeles, A whale, A whale, a wildfire. On Thursday, Boeing reported that they had lost $125 million making repairs to the rocket they sent to the blank.


To the moon. No, to the International Space Station. This week, Lululemon pulled their new line of leggings after customers complained that the leggings blanked, Gave them asymmetrical butts. Close enough. The complaint was really long butts. On Monday, a study from the FDA found small amounts of lead in most brands of blank makeup, No Dark chocolate. On Thursday, a special concert was announced to celebrate the hundredth birthday of former President Blank Jimmy Carter. Right? An Italian Olympic gymnast made headlines for being the first ever athlete sponsored by blank Viagra. Whoa. By Parmesan cheese, right?


Some athletes pose for pictures in their sponsored shoes or uniforms or bathing suits. GE Villa, a gymnast for Italy, was photographed, posed with two huge wheels of Parmesan cheese, her sponsor. Even better. She then went on to absolutely dominate a whole new gymnastic skill. The Parmesan horse jokey. Did Nain do well enough to win? Nain got four, right? For eight points, A total of 11. But Karen had 13 points. Ah, she's this week's winner. Bravo. Bravo. Karen, just what? Just what I would expect from someone named Karen. This Is horrible.


This is so let's all sing. Happy Birthday to talk. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict what will be the big story from week two of the Olympics. But first, Wait. Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WB, easy Z Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Cut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our Limerick. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles MBOs and Lillian King. Special thanks to Vinny Thomas and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our presumptive vp. Our vibe curator is Emma Choi. Technical directions from Lorna White. Her CFO is Colin another. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian OG and the executive producer, Wait, Wait, don't tell me.


Is Mr. Michael Danforth now panel? What will we all be talking about? After the second week of the Olympics, Karen g Simone Biles wins another goal. But this time for volleyball. Negin Farsad, Everyone thinks it's gonna be the us but know the most. Medals won by a country goes to Turkmenistan. And Tom, Papa JD Vance explains the right way to use a cardboard bed. And if any of that happens panel, we'll ask you about it. On Wait, Wait, don't tell Me. Thank You so much to Keoki I Thanks also to Karen Chi.


Tom, Papa, Negin, Farsad. Thanks to the staff and co here at Wolf Chop, not to mention our fabulous audience who spent this time with us here in this beautiful place. Thanks to all of you for listening out there, wherever you might be. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This is Tanya Mosley, co-host of Fresh Air. You'll see your favorite actors, directors, and comedians on late night TV shows or YouTube, but what you get with Fresh Air is a deep dive. Spend some quality time with people like Billy Eilish, Questlove, Ariana Grande, Stephen Colbert, and so many more. We ask questions you won't hear asked anywhere else. Listen to the Fresh Air Podcast from NPR and WHYY


These days, there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory, and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider This podcast from NPR.