
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR News quiz show. I'm Tim Meadows and I'm a little disappointed that this is what Bill Curtis meant when he invited me to be part of his Christmas vacation. And here's our host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Tim. And as Tim said, bill took off early for his Christmas break, but we are so happy to have you with us because who better to share these wonderful segments from the past year than somebody who hasn't heard them yet? Well, I look forward to regretting that I missed them the first time.


Let's start with what may be a true highlight of a year. Filled with them. In September, we went to Kansas City at the same time as legendary singer Dionne Warwick, who was there on tour. And she joined us on stage to talk about her incredible life. Here is an extended version of our talk with her. Thank You. So your first of many hits Don't Make Me Over was released in 1962. Here was, It's 62 years later and you were still performing. Are you still enjoying it? Are you having fun? Oh yeah. I mean, it's something I've always tell people I never wanted to work To work Ever.


No. And when this ever becomes a job, that's when I take my ballet slippers and do my pirouette and say bye. You'd be done. Yeah. Ever work. Do you have any idea what you'd do instead? Oh, yeah. Sure. Well, like what? Yeah, Yeah. Well, I have already, I have an interior design company. There You go. Oh, wow. Yeah. If you need something done. Yeah. I was wondering what those paint stains were, but I know. Yeah, that's great. I, I I wonder you have had such an extraordinary career.


We can't even go into it. Is there, is there an a moment like that stands out for you in your career where you simply like, I cannot believe that a, a nice young woman from, from Orange, New Jersey is doing this? Was it, for example, performing for the Queen of England? Was it getting a, a lifetime achievement? Grammy, what? Is there anything like that stands out? Yeah. Okay. There, there's, I actually stopped Sidney. I I did. I really did. I don't think anybody can blame you For that. No. Okay.


I, I was Gonna, I think, I think I speak for America when I say do tell, I, I was coming out of a recording session and we were walking down Broadway and all of a sudden I realized I was walking behind Sidney Poitier. Okay. And I said, oh my God. And you know, you've seen it in film. I did it. You know, you walk behind somebody, you don't want them to know that you're walking behind them, and then they stop and you stop and you, So he like, oh, really? So he like spins around because it's like, someone's following me.


And you did the thing where you looked away, oh no, I just happened to be standing here two feet behind you. No, He stopped at a red light. That's when he turned around and said, young lady, I said, you talking to me, you've been following me. Is there a reason? And of course I said, I a complete loss of words, really? And I finally, I got up the nerve to ask him, will you sign this piece of paper for me? He said, of course I will. And he did. And I still have that piece of paper.


Did it. Alright, Forgive me. But did it not occur to you at that moment to say, I am Dion Norwood. Perhaps you know me for my mini gold records? I don't think he would've cared. It was, it was one of those really surreal moments where, I mean, I'm looking in the face of Sidney Frost goy, you know? And such a nice man. Yes. A lovely man. And every time I was around him, after years go by, sure.


Every time he said, young lady, can I do something? Really? So did he remember that? Because you probably ran into him many times. He'd remember that everything. Did he, that first incident, did he in fact know who you were? No, he had no idea. I didn't know who I was. It, it is amazing that that is the story you chose to tell from your remarkable career. And I kind of love it. Before we get to our, our, our little game with you, I did want to ask you about something else. In addition to everything else you've done. You have now been called the Queen of Twitter. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you, you adopted Twitter and you are very good at it. Thank You.


And I'm sure you, I I have no doubt having met you now that you do it yourself here, here are some of your best tweets. We have. We have them here. Here's one from 2021 I just heard about Leonardo DiCaprio's 25 year rule, his loss. You don't know what you're missing. And it's True. It is true. Which brings up another topic. I I found out you were married once that ended in the mid seventies. You never married again. What is it like to be out of everybody's league?


I am having the best time. I, I do, I do. However, I just gotta add one more tweet before we move on. This is from 2022 from Ms. Dionne Warwick, the legend. I will be dating Pete Davidson next. Oh, why not? He's dating everybody else. I know. Dion Warwick, it is such an honor to talk to you. And we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling. Oh. So that's what friends are for.


That's what friends are for. Obviously one of your greatest signature hits. But as greatest song as it is, it doesn't cover all the things friends are for. So we're gonna ask you three questions about other things that friends do. If you get too right, you'll win a prize for one of our listeners, the voice of anyone they might choose for their voicemail. Bill, who is Dionne Warwick playing for Theresa Durkin of Kansas City, Missouri. Alright, Are you ready for this? I'm ready. First question. Friends are great for helping you move and you probably should call your friends rather than a certain real moving company.


A shattered glass movers in Seattle Washington. B hernia movers in Milwaukee, or C two guys and no truck movers in Atlanta, Georgia. One of those is real. Well, I don't like the sound of shattered glass at all. No. I have too many valuable pieces. Of course. Okay, so they're out hernia. Yeah. With some of the stuff that I have to move, they would get a hernia. Yeah, You are right. Hernia movers. They real. There you go. Wow.


Hernia movers has been helping. That's I was Talking about. She does. Hernia movers has been helping people move around Milwaukee since 1975. Here's your next question. Another thing that friends are good for is, of course rides to the airport. But it was likely a very bad friend who forgot what that was left at the Dublin Airport. Was it a, a tombstone with the inscription? You will always be remembered. Never forgotten Be their friend's car, which they left in long-term parking for so long that it cost a hundred thousand dollars to get it out. Or see their friend who has been living at the airport now for 14 years About know.


Okay. I think living there. You think so? You think that somebody forgot, went to the airport to get their friend, forgot to pick him up and he's just been there, there for 14 years. 14. The audience. Alright. You don't think I'm right? That's alright. But having spent a little time with you, I absolutely respect your confidence here. It's what I should have expected. But it is actually a, the tombstone. Alright, here's your last question. The final thing friends are for is being a wingman that is helping you meet dates when you're out together. Well, one such wingman posted his story on Reddit.


He said his friend got divorced, was really broken up about it. So he took the divorced friend out to a bar to meet some ladies. And then what happened? A, the bartender recognized his friend and called the police to have him arrested for robbing the place. Two weeks earlier, B the wingman introduced the friend to an attractive woman there who turned out to be the friend's ex or C the friend kept trying the line on the ladies. He's my wing man. But when you and I get married, he'll be our ring man. Oh, Oh, I know. Yes. Making that face. But you can immediately throw out three I think. Right? Oh, okay. I think it was his ex that he You think it's that one?


Yeah. You are right. That's what happened. We go, He says he was chatting up this woman in the bar. He said, Hey, have you met my friend John over here? Yes she has. Wow. Bill. Bill. How did Dion Warwick do in our quiz? Oh, You know she got two, right? I forget this third. Yeah, But that's a winner in our game. They're add that to the list. Dionne Warwick is a six time Grammy winner. She's touring around the globe this year. You can find dates@officialdionnewarwick.com. Dionne Warwick, Thank You so much for gracing us With your presence at When we come back.


Allison Felix, one of the greatest to ever run track and interior designer Nate Burka, one of the greatest ever to help you pick out a rack. Oof. No wonder Bill didn't want to be here for this. That's when we come back with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


Hey, it's Peter Segel. The year is almost over and now is the time when NPR and I come to you hat in hand and ask for your support. Now interestingly, the idiom hat in hand does not refer to say a street performer walking around holding out his hat for people to put in money. I always thought it was No, it is actually referring to an old tradition when Knights would remove their helmets and show humility. So it's really more about my attitude of supplication than it is about asking for money, even though of course I'm gonna be asking for money. Now if you heard that and you said to yourself, wow, that's fascinating. I was also under that misapprehension as to the idioms meeting, then you my friend, are one of us. That means you enjoy our show where we do trivia and jokes for smart people, dumb jokes for smart people to be sure where we give you a break from the week's news where we make your breakfast on the weekend with your family or your walk with your dog or other interminable tasks bearable with our goofy dumb. But we always think smart humor. Now if you heard me say that and you said to yourself, well I know that everybody knows that, then you are our ideal listener and you should donate even more. You know what you should do? If you're enjoying this little riff on idioms, you should join NPR Plus a small recurring donation gets you special perks for more than 25 NPR podcasts. Like sponsor free listening and bonus episodes, even discounted items from the NPR shop. It only takes a few minutes to sign up. And you can do it right now@plus.npr.org. And if you've already donated to your local station or joined NPR Plus the Hat and I Thank You, we'll be waiting for your donation with baited breath and that's baited B-A-T-E-D short for like a baited IE We're holding our breath. But come on, you knew that


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus


These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the Consider this podcast from NPR


On this week's Wild Card Podcast. Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet. I Guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. Okay. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Tim Meadows filling in for Bill Curtis. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Tim. And so you are hearing all these segments for the very first time. What do you, what do you think So far? Well I'm amazed at what they can do with deep fakes these days. It really, it sounded like you were really talking to Dionne Warwick If you thought that was impressive. Wait to hear this segment with Allison Felix, one of the greatest Olympians to ever lace up track shoes. She joined us in July of this year, right before this year's Olympics with guest host Karen Chi.


I read online that you found out you were good at track because you were trying to make new friends at a new high school, right? Yeah, that's right. I, I just went out for the team to meet people but I came out for basketball before that. Gotcha. And like very quickly it was clear that like that was not my gift. So Everyone's like passing the ball but you're just sprinting up and down the court. Yep. That's amazing. So at what point in your life did you realize even if your basketball skills weren't the greatest, when did you realize that you had a superhuman talent for running? It happened pretty quickly. So I came out for the team in ninth grade and then the first year after I graduated I found myself in the Olympics.


So it was kind of ahoo Allison. That's so incredible. I love that so much. And I just wanna say for the record, I've never tried track and field so I'm gonna try and I'll be at the next Olympics. I'm sure I have a question which is, so I love watching the games on television from my couch and I always see athletes, but especially runners kind of like murmuring to themselves right before they start a race. Do you do that and what are you saying to yourself? I do. I definitely, I'm like talking to myself. I think some people are like hyping themselves up for me.


I am talk like, like technical thoughts. I'm like okay drive. 'cause you're talking about coming outta the blocks, keep your head down. I just like, like to give myself a few cues so that I can make sure like I'm locked in and those are the things I need to be thinking about. Wow. And then when you're actually running, are you also actively thinking or are you sort of letting muscle memory take over At that point? I am. I have like cues at each point of the race. I'm thinking like what I need to be doing when I hit certain like markers. But sometimes if like your mind can wander to a place that's not good sometimes like in the 400, which is a race that I feel like it's just way too long. I'll, I agree. I agree.


Sometimes if I'm running that race I might get to like the a hundred meters and I'll be like, oh my gosh, I'm already tired still. That's Not good. Olympians are just like us. Yeah, We agree. We both think the 400 meters is too Long Because you run professionally when you have to run for stuff in your everyday life. Like if you're late for the bus or something, are you kind of just like, ugh, now I'm doing work for free. Printers are actually the slowest walkers ever. It's factual so I don't know. Yeah, we don't like to go fast anywhere else but on the track.


Wow, That's pretty good to know. Olympians just like us. That's fantastic. Alright Allison, we've asked you here to play a game. We're calling 200 meters. How about these meters? You've won many medals racing the 200 meter and the 400 meter. So we thought we'd ask you about the parking meter. If you answer two out of three questions correctly about one of the last things you can use coins for, you will win a prize for one of our listeners, the voice of any one of us on their voicemail.


Bill, who is Allison playing for? Brennan Schmidt of Concord, New Hampshire. Alright Allison, here's your first question. A man named Charles Misac has sold used books on a New York Street corner since the nineties and he found the parking meter there very convenient. In what way? A, he has sold over 1000025 cent postcards to people who needed change for the meter. B. He stored his books in the car, which he kept in the same parking spot for 11 years, feeding the meter every day. Or C, he protected his crate of valuable rare books by locking it to the meter with a bike lock.


Ah, Let's go with A. Oh, would you wanna guess again B? Yes, correct. That is correct. He parked in the same space for 11 years, only moving the car for street cleanings. I guess finally, someone else zipped in there real fast. Alright, Allison, here's your next question. In the state of Florida, parking meters aren't just for cars. You are also required by law to feed the meter when A, when you tie an alligator to the parking meter, B, when you are drinking rum on the sidewalk, or C, when you were saving good seats for the 4th of July parade C I mean that's clever.


Oh, what give you, we're gonna give you a, we could give you a second try. I wish I could do this in the Olympics, don't remember A Yes, that's correct. A is correct. So if you see an alligator on the sidewalk park there, the meter is already paid. Here is your last question. A New York parking enforcement officer was sent to jail after he embezzled over $90,000 in quarters that he collected from meters over the course of five years. How was he finally caught?


A, he got a hole in his pocket and police followed a trail of coins to his house. B, he was overheard on his collection route saying, one for you, A one for me. Or C. The bank in town called the police and said, Hey, this guy in a parking enforcement uniform keeps depositing huge piles of quarters into his bank account. I'm gonna do C. Yes, That's correct. What was he supposed to do? Go back to the office with all those quarters in his pockets. No, you walk right into the back in uniform and deposit them. Bill, how did Allison do on our quiz?


He broke the tape and won all three race. Oh, Allison, Felix is one of the greatest sprinters of all time. A multiple world and Olympic champion. Allison, Thank You truly so much for joining us on Waitwait. Don't tell me Before We move on. That's what you do. You invite world class athletes and ask them silly questions about things you know nothing about and they agree to it. Well, Yeah, we don't warn them in advance. They think we're normal.


NPR, I I even have a Steve Inskeep wig. Yeah, I I Know I fell forward too In August. In August of this year we went to Minneapolis and were joined by one of the most famous sons of that city designer Nate Burkas. So let's start at the beginning. You, you found your love of interior design. Well you were very young growing up here, right? I did, yeah. Yeah. So how old are we talking? Well, my mother was an interior designer here in Minneapolis. Yeah. I have a younger sister and a middle brother. And he once coined our family phrase as what we did on the weekends as either shop or be left behind.


So my mother would take us to auctions and antique malls and still water and downtown Hopkins and all these places looking at old things right. And looking at antiques and vintage things. And my job was to carry the wallpaper books in from the trunk of her car to her home office, which is also why I have muscles. That's True. Yeah. So you started out both as an interior designer and as a gym rat and Yes. Early on. Exactly. Yeah. So if, if I had met you, it'd say the age of 10, right? Would you be like all about design and antiques and looks? No. No, but I was definitely sidetracked if there was somebody who was setting up for a garage sale on my way to the bus stop. I'm picturing a young story, like a almost a Farrest Gump like serendipity where Prince is putting a plaid all over his state and you're like, my man paisley.


And then just walk away. That was me. That Was, yeah, that was me. I'm actually abalone, I've morphed. That's, oh my god. Yeah. That's amazing. Yeah. Do like, do you remember the first time you ever like designed something you ever like set up a room? Yeah. No, I do. Yeah, my parents gave me my own bedroom. 'cause I shared a room prior to that with my filthy younger brother. The worst One? Yeah. No, but the first, the first thing I ever was allowed to design was my own bedroom. Yeah. And I actually wrote about this years ago because it was such an interesting thing for me as a 12-year-old kid to be able to pick out at the time, you know, again, my mom was an interior designer, so you know, she had all the carpet samples and wallpaper books and you know, she said to me, what do you want your room to look like?


And I remember it was the eighties and I said, I want gray, white, and red. And she was like, that's so ugly though. And I was like, but It's cool. And so I, I remember though the, it, it was agency. It's what it felt like. I had the agency to pick my own environment. And I do think that that's why I've spent the greater part of 30 years helping other people create a home that means something to them. I think that that is connected. I I think that's great. I I do love the idea of you as a, you said 13-year-old? 12 Yeah. 12-year-old. Yeah. Which in the 12, you know, the early teens start very rebellious age that the source of your conflict with your mother was, Was Color pals.


Did she, Did she like, you know, search your room, you weren't there and found like elicit swatch books? Yeah. In Your, Totally in your sock drawer. Yeah. You come home and she's holding up a Pantone Catalog catalog. It was amazing, right? Yeah. No gay porn, just a wallpaper sample. Which, Which let's just be honest, I'm, if you're, if your 12-year-old, if your 12-year-old kid has wallpaper sample books hidden in his sock drawer, it's essentially the same as gay porn, Pete. Either way you get there, The conclusion has gotta be the same A Hundred percent. Yeah. Okay. Did you like, as a young man, were you, was it hard to find places to design?


Do you know what I mean? Like, if you wanted to be in a band, you get a guitar, you, I mean, were you like going, I think I could really fix up your ice fishing hut. No, I mean, you know what though? Bobcat, actually, now that you ask, I was notorious among my friends when, when they would invite me over for play a play date or sleepover, whatever, that I remember my friend Ronnie Swartz, his mother came home and Ronnie and I were like hanging out and like, you know, at, at their house. And I had pushed all the living room furniture into a different location So It wasn't, and she said, did you move my sofa? And I said, yeah, don't you think it looks better like this?


And she said, I do. Wait, I have A question. Yeah. You and your husband are both hot. That has nothing to do with the question. I just wanted to say. Okay. Alright. Wait, so since you're both designers who Wins? Like, Do you have a chair in your house that you hate that You Put there? We would, okay, so here's the thing. If one person hates it, it's out and we don't talk about it. And you can't try and sell it to the other person. And boy can we sell to each other. Like, so You can't, like if one, if you I say I hate it, then the conversation's done and vice versa, we will fight like, like beyond, like really, really rip each other to shreds over who ate the last piece of pizza before we fight over a sofa.


That Sounds like couple therapy, Right? I mean, you know, Nate Bur is, we are delighted to have you here. We have asked you to play a game. We are calling, Try some exterior decorating. So you do interior decor. We thought we'd ask you about exterior decor, namely tattoos. Perfect. Is it perfect? Yeah. This is great. So we're gonna ask you three questions about tattoos. Get to right you in a prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who is Nate Bures playing for Martin Gardner AV, Minneapolis, Minnesota. Here's your first question. You ready?


Ready? When Ariana Grande released her single seven rings, she celebrated by going down to the tattoo parlor and getting a tattoo of the two Japanese characters, meaning seven and ring seven ring One problem though, what was it? A the tattoo artist inked A seven next to a little portrait of Ringo star B The tattoo artist instead did the Japanese characters for bad and blood because bad blood is a Taylor Swift single that he preferred to any of her music. Or C Those two characters combined form a proper noun, meaning a small charcoal grill. I'm going with C You're correct.


Yes, it was, yeah, basically. I mean, it's like you, you try to get something and it ends up just being like a hibachi, right? And, alright, next question. Tattoo artists. Sometimes they make mistakes, like when a cannabis enthusiast asked for a tattoo of a pocket watch showing the time four 20. But what happened, a, even though it's an ink and never changes, the clock is still always four minutes fast. B, he did the pocket watch with the lid closed, so you can't see what time it is. Or c he accidentally drew it backwards, realizing afterwards that now the clock reads seven 40.


I think you drew it backwards. You're Right, it says seven 40. Wow. And to think I've been just selling bath mats all these years. I Know you could have been, you could have been acing quizzes, I guess. Okay. Anyway, last question. See if you can make this as perfect as everything else is. Okay. Sometimes a tattoo artist's mistake turns out to be a kind of happy accident. Like in which of these cases? A, a tattoo reading Murphy's Law, IE the idea that anything that can go wrong will go wrong and he misspelled it. Murphy's Law, the an artist putting in the name of a man's new baby put Maya instead of the baby's name Mara.


But it turned out the doctor had made the same typo in the birth certificate. Or CA woman got a tattoo of a forest, which looked terrible, but it just so happened the tree trunks happened to form a UPC code that gets her the employee discount when she scans it at Nordstrom. I think it's B you think it's b the matching typos. No, it was actually Murphy's Law. It Was Spelled Murphy's Law. The client saw it and was utterly delighted. Bill, how did Nate Burkes do in our quiz? It was almost perfect, but you still got two out of three, which means you're a winner.


Nate Bur is an acclaimed interior designer who is up to so many different things. You can find them all@nateburke.com. Nate Burke, Thank You so much for being on. Thank You. Thank You sir. Nate, everybody. Hometown hero. When we come back, one of the greatest actors alive talks about getting his hearts just right and the comedian makes the worst mistake anybody can make taking part in a game show. Oh, come on now you're just trolling me. That's when we come back with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR,


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our Rum from a quality standpoint is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's Very rare for people to go inside to The back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You looking for? The stupid guy here? They're all smart. Don't worry About Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts


At NPR r's pop culture, happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast From NPR.


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Tim Meadows filling in for Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago. Peter Segel. Thank You Tim. Thank You everybody. Now we're thrilled to have Tim here because while some of the segments we are Rebroadcasting This week are quite familiar to you, they're new to him. Well, no, that's not actually true. I I absolutely listened to some of these when, when they were broadcast because sometimes the Uber driver refuses to change his station. So, Well, I hope you didn't hear this conversation with actor Gary Oldman, who appeared in September to talk about the new season of his show about seemingly incompetent British spies, the show Slow Horses.


I asked him about the character he plays, Jackson Lamb. Jackson Lamb, it, it was once a very, very good agent working for, you know, MMI five. He, what we see when we meet him in slow horses is the sort of smoldering embers of a man that was once legendary. I think that Jackson Lamb has the greatest character introduction I have ever seen. When we meet Jackson Lamb, he's having a nap in the office and he farts himself awake. I mean, You, you've, let's face it, you've done a lot of good work in your career, Gary, but I don't know.


No. If you've ever done anything that immediately evocative Yeah, You know, but we do. I never thought I'd see the day where I'm having email exchanges with the, with the director talking about the quality of fact. But because the, you know, they, I'm not a method actor so they have to dub it off Or, Or should I say I'm not a methane actor.


I was Gonna ask, is it like heart Father when you have a standin, like, you know, if someone doesn't wanna do a nude scene, they have a standin. Is there somebody who is farting in place of you? Yeah. Do you have a colon double. And actually shouldn't that be the person nominated for an Emmy here being a little selfish, Jerry? No. I'm sure there's somebody in the, in Karen to ask to answer your question. I'm sure there's someone in a room. You have to be. And you were nominated for an Emmy, you were there if, if I'm not mistaken, you were caught up in the great shogun sweep of all the awards, right?


Oh Yeah, yeah. I mean they were, I think they were nominated for 14 and they won 25. Amazing. How do they do that? Did you have a speech ready? I've always wondered about that. Yeah, I think it's polite. Yeah. And what and what do you do with it if you don't get to use it? That's the other question. What was that? Well, more recently my wife has been keeping them and and throwing them sort of in a box in, in the archive as it were. Well, How many do you have? Well, I've lost a lot. I've got quite a Collection.


Gary, it is an absolute pleasure to talk to you again. And once again we have asked you here to play a game and this time we are calling it The slowest horses of all. You are of course star and slow horses as we have discussed. So we thought we'd ask you about the very slowest horses that is hobby horses. Hobby Horses are the course the toy, it's a stick with a horse's head. And people actually ride these hobby horses in competitive events called Hobby Horsing where they go around gates and jump over fences and do dressage just like real horses. So we're gonna ask you three questions about hobby horsing. Get two of them, right? You will win our prize for one of our listeners.


The voice of anyone they may choose for their voicemail. Aisha, who is Gary Oldman playing for? Martin Oliver of Los Angeles, California. Ready to do this? Have you, have you heard or seen Hobby Horsing? I have seen it, yeah. It's pretty Out there. It's pretty out there. So now if you've watched it and there are many videos online, you can watch them, you'll notice that it's very popular with young girls. But according to Hobby Horse Riders Australia boys are starting to get interested in the sport, but with a notable change.


What is it? A they prefer hobby war horsing with jousts B. They make and ride hobby dinosaurs or see boys rules, allowing them to turn the horses around and pretend the sticks are guns. I'm gonna go with jousting. You're gonna go with jousting. That is a natural choice, but it's actually hobby dinosaurs. Hmm. Well, Yeah, You still have two more chances here. You're all good here. The very first American hobby horse championships were held in Michigan and the competitors who came had to deal with some significant obstacles such as which of these a, due to a quirk in Michigan law, the horses had to be stabled and given adequate food and water even though they are not real.


B those who flew there could not bring their hobby horses on board the plane because they could be used as a weapon. Or c the Northern Midwest Alliance for Animal Liberation, which on the first day of competition tried to liberate the spiritual horses. I I'm, I'm gonna have to go with C No, I'm afraid it was B They could not bring the hobby horses onto the plane because it, they are essentially horse foot long sticks. You could use them as a weapon. So, okay, That was the obvious one. Yeah, I know. Alright, you have one more chance here. Let's see what happens.


Some competitors use the hobby horse for every event, but you know, when it's time to retire your loyal hobby horse, don't worry because you can always do what a, bring them to Lincoln, Massachusetts where they can live out to the end of their days with other hobby and rocking horses in a grassy kind of pasture. B, just break them in half to create two hobby ponies or c send them to a factory to be turned into wood glue. I I'm thinking when you, when you, you, when you're done with the horse, Yeah, I'm not, I'm not saying that you literally turn it into two ponies, but you just snap the thing over your knee and throw it in the pin.


No, it was actually a nobody knows. Nobody knows who put the first rocking horse in this pasture near Lincoln, Massachusetts. But it has been joined over the years by dozens more hobby horses, rocking horses. So Aisha. Yeah. How did Oscar winning? Yeah, I know actor Gary Oldman doing our quiz. Well, I think that because he has lost a lot and with the Emmys and things Like that. Yeah, I think we should give It to him.


I think you're right, You know. Well congratulations on this big win. I hope it makes up forever. Gary Oldman is an Oscar winning actor. And if you have not yet watched him in this show, slow Horses on Apple tv. I envy you 'cause you get to start from the beginning. Gary Oldman, Thank You so much for joining us.


I'm Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency at the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together over on the NPR Politics podcast.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR, a show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called, wherever you get your podcasts.


Finally, also, in September, we spoke to comedian and impressionist, Jay Faroh, who had just become the host of a new game show called The Quiz with Balls. Really, Tim, do you happen to know Jay Farrow? I actually am Jay Farrow. This is Us. I'm doing the Tim Meadows impression right now. That's pretty impressive. And here is Jay as himself. So First of all, I should say welcome to the pinnacle of Human Achievement, the game show host. It's not as, it is not as easy as it looks, is it? No, no, no. It's, it's not as easy as it looks.


And you definitely just have to be able to improv and be able to just think on the fly, On the show. And in your own comedy, you are known for these astounding impressions. Is is there one, like in your entire roster of people you can do that you're most proud of? The one that I would say I'm the originator of it. Yeah. And nobody had done it like me was Will Smith. And, and that one is just, that's just one that's you. You know, like, you know, that's the one that you know, everybody, you know, pretty much like loves Because It, it's not the kind of impression that's like just found, you know, it's not like a, it's not like a hot pocket.


It was more like Tenderloin. That was, and I'll say That was a little eerie what that was. I'll Say, I've seen Jay also does a fantastic, Chris, imagine at some point he ended up slapping yourself. That my body's asking About, Man, You gotta let us hear it. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's, You know what, I gotta say this, like, you know, I really do apologize, you Know, To everybody in America and everybody ubiquitously around the world.


What I should have done instead of smacking Chris Rock was I should have waited for the commercial break and got away with the whole situation. Well, this might be fun 'cause who knows, you can do this as a group. Jay Faroh, we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling, You can keep your balls. So as we have established, you host the game, show the quiz with balls. So we thought we'd ask you about games that don't require any balls at all. Answer two outta three questions, right?


He will win our prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who is Jay Farrow playing for Shane Brown of Portland, Oregon. Alright, Here is your first question. There's lots of games you can play with a Frisbee instead of a ball, but not all Frisbees are alike. You could find yourself catching which of these, A, the combat Frisbee lined with razors along the edge. B, Frisbee for dummies, which has an iron coating and comes with gloves lined with magnets. Or CA disc molded out of the ashes of Ed Hedrick, one of the inventors of the Frisbee. Well, I, I I hope it's not the third one.


I, I don't know. I, I don't know. Kev, what are you, Kev, do you have anything on this? Listen, I'll say this. Listen, people swear to God tell you this, Hey, this, right now I believe that the answer Is B That's what I think it is. So are you gonna, you're gonna trust Kevin Hart on this. James, is that what You're gonna, I I gotta trust Kev. I I, I, I think I I think he knows he Lets you down. It was C It's actually, oh, it was B The guy who invented invented totally as part of his will. One of the guys who invented the Frisbee, he asked to be cremated and then he had his ashes mixed in to plastic to make Frisbees that were sold for charity and they're out there in the world.


Here's, we still have two more chances. Alright, here's your next question, cornhole. That's the game popular here in the Midwest where you try to toss beanbags through a hole and a board. We all know this game, right? But there are international variants such as which of these, one of these is real. A the game of Tejo in Columbia where players throw their bags at exploding targets filled with gunpowder. Be Tramp hole in Australia where you bounce off a mini trampoline and try to throw yourself through the hole. Or see crick hole in England where the other player can defend the goal with a cricket bat. Oh God, you know what? Jay-Z help out with this one.


I don't, is there something that Jay-Z says a lot? That might be the answer. Yeah, basically, after thinking about that comparatively to the other answers, I'll say, a Jay-Z is correct. That is right. And It's Absolutely true. Imagine, imagine cornhole. But if you hit the target, a an explosive charge goes off. Boom. It is the second most popular sport in Columbia after soccer. You know, my intuition spoke for me. That was the homie. Alright, last question.


Everybody loves to play darts, right? But it's not as easy as it looks. What is a proven way to improve your darts game? A just closing your eyes and throwing randomly toward the target B spinning around four times and then throwing it like a discus toss or see just getting a little drunk. Now let me, before I answer this question, I'm Just gonna say, There was a lot of fallacy that's been spoken. A lot of things could be, Oh, Lord, I'm gonna go with B.


Sir, are you sure you shouldn't be crying? Come on. This is a festive time, but just answering questions, that's all. Go b, have to say it like a do. I've I've, for some reason I've never said this with more pleasure, but you're wrong. I'm having, I'm having a lot of emotions here, Jay. The answer is actually, see, getting drunk. Studies have proved that just a little alcohol improves your dart game. That's why they play it in Bars.


But, but technically Jay didn't get any of them wrong. He did. Jay, you, yes, you, you, you, you walk outta here with a clean record bill. How did the Jay and his friends do in our quiz? You know, He's a winner and you're gonna leave a winner. Absolutely not your fault. That's it for our, it's Tim Meadows first time edition. Wait, Wait, don't. Tommy is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Hair Car Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Phillip Koka. Write our Limerick. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane Donald. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles MBOs and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey and Blithe Robertson. Peter Gwynn is our belly F the Jelly. Our vibe curator is Emma Choi.


Technical directions from Lorna Whiter, CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse, our senior producers in OG and the executive producer of Waitwait Do. Tommy is Mike Danforth. Thanks to everybody you heard on today's show. Our panelists, our guest guest host, Karen Chi guest Scorekeeper Aisha Roscoe, and of course, Mr. Tim Meadows. And thanks to all of you for listening here at the Sooner Baker Theater and wherever you might be. I'm Peter Segel will be back next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply.


I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, she's Really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur, so she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.