
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the person everyone thinks of when they're asked what they're thankful for. Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the Fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Oh, Thank you everybody. Thank you so much. We're all excited. Yes, it is Thanksgiving when people gather with family and express their gratitude that they no longer have to argue about the 2024 election. No, I'm kidding. We'll argue about it till we die. But still, when it comes time for us to express our thanks, we go right to the fact that we've been doing this show for more than a quarter century.


And despite that history, interesting, people still agree to come on and subject themselves to our games. For example, Eric w and Meor, a man who climbed the tallest building on every continent and had many other adventures despite being blind. But as we discussed what he joined us in June, he was perhaps most famous for something else entirely. We first heard about you from a video that went viral in 2006, and we're gonna play it for our audience. This is just a local newscast with someone who is announcing that they're gonna interview you.


Let's just listen right After the break, we're gonna interview Eric Whitehead, mayor, who climbed the highest mountain in the world, Mount Everest. But he's gay. I mean, he's gay. Excuse me, He's blind. So we'll with that. Okay. Yeah. So couple questions. Couple questions. I assume you've seen, you've heard that before. I've heard it a thousand times, but, but what they didn't realize, they think it's funny, but I'm like, no way, man. You made my career. No one heard about climbing Everest, but everyone heard about my gay video. Yeah, I guess so. I guess now that we've established that, I should say, first of all, happy pride.


Secondly, Thank You. So this inter, this, this, this local news anchor was going to interview you about your achievement of being the first blind person to climb Everest. Were you standing by as that was said? Did you like hear her say that? And did you have to do that? Yeah, There's another clip where if you go online, you can see me just completely laughing, cracking up for, I couldn't even do the interview. And by the way, I just wanna say for the NPR audience, nothing funny about being gay or being blind, but I don't know how the two look the same on a script. Is it when you have to introduce yourself, you say, well, yes, I'm Eric Meyer. I climbed Mount Everest first blind person to do it.


First blind per person to kill, climb the seven summits and there's still nothing. And you're like, I'm blind, not gay. And then they go, you No, no, no. In fact, I take, I like more records than I can get, you know, like blind, first blind guy to climb Everest, first blind gay man to climb Everest is even better. So I'll take it. Which also, you actually raised another question somewhere out there is the first gay man to climb Mount Everest. And he must be thinking, well, gee, he didn't get the credit. He a Meyer guy. He completely rocked. Yeah, I know. I stole his thunder. You did. Now, now that we have covered that, I actually want to talk to you about the actual impressive things that you did.


There might be people out there who say, oh, he's a blonde guy who climbed Everest. I guess he just was roped to some guy who did the climbing. No, you do it by feel, right? Yeah. And I did have great guides though. I mean, like on Everest, I had, we had 12 friends and eight Sherpas on our team. And those guys were helping me get through like the Kubu ice. I mean, the Kubu Icefall is right out of base camp on Everest, and it's a blind person's worst nightmare. It, it doesn't meet Americans with disability act standards. I mean, so yeah, they were ringing a jingling, a bell in front of me and talking to me and telling me which ropes to clip into. So for sure, blind guys, at least as far as I know, don't climb Everest alone.


And I owe my team everything. I I, I'm sure you get this a lot when, when I think about climbing mountains, which is not something I have done, but I think if I were to do it, it would be for the view which is not relevant. Yeah, Yeah. To you. So what is the appeal to you to do this remarkable alpine climate? I'm sensing my body moving up the ice, swinging my tool into the ice, making, you know, kicking my feet into the ice, feeling the wind and the sun on my face. And when I get to the summit, you're so high blind, people use this, this kind of skill called echolocation.


And it's, it's the idea of sound vibrations moving out through, through space and bouncing off of objects and coming back at you. And when you're up high on a summit, those sound vibrations just move out infinitely through space. It's sort of like you've been swallowed by sky. It's this scary, infinite, beautiful, powerful sound of, of vibrations just moving through the universe. And so I'm getting a lot of, of, of, of scenery. It's just not visual. You, they made, like I said, your, your career and your life has been documented in documentaries and in one feature film about you going up to the top of Everest. That must have been a little odd having a movie made about you while you're still here.


Well, even Otter, I was the, this guy Peter Elli played me. And, and so I, they asked me to be the stunt man for Peter. So that I think was the first in history because it was a story about me played by Peter, and I was the stunt man for Peter. Yeah. I don't know. Really Weird. So, Peter, this actor is playing you. How handsome did he tell you he was? Oh, his, he was way handsomer than me. I, I heard He is a real, he's a real handsome man. So It, it occurs to me, if you asked me like, well, how handsome is Peter who plays me in the movie? It would, I would be stuck. 'cause if I say, well, he is very handsome, would that be flattering you?


I Don't no. You could play me for sure. I think you'd have, from what I understand, you'd have to put a wig on though. Maybe two weeks. I'm, I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm so disappointed Who told you, because this entire conversation I have felt so free and unburdened by my, for the first time in years. I Blind people. You know, we're judgy, but we're just, we have to get the information in another way. Was it The Echoes coming off the top of his head?


Well, Eric Meyer, it is a pleasure to talk to you. We've asked you here to play a game. We are calling Mountain Climber Meet social climber. So since you are an accomplished mountain climber, we thought we'd ask you about another kind of climber, social climbers, people who are trying to rise above their station in society. Answer two to three questions correctly, you'll win our prize for one of our listeners, the voice of their choice from our show on their voicemail. Bill, who is Eric playing for? Lilac Rain Thompson of Black Mountain, North Carolina. Lilac Rain Thompson. Alright, Eric, here is your first question. Two of the most famous social climbers in recent history where Tariq and McKayla Sati, who famously crashed a 2009 White House State Dinner, to which they were not invited.


Now what did Ms. Salahi go on to do after that? Was it a, she joined the CIA as an infiltration expert. B, she became a life coach promising to help clients get past any velvet rope holding you back or see she left her husband to marry the founder of the rock band journey in a wedding broadcast live on pay-per-view. Wow. The third one sounds so specific, but maybe I'll go b You Wait a minute, I'm just gonna go through No, no, no, I'm going C Alright, There you go.


Go. Lightning reflexes. Yes, it is C She ran Off One day. Her husband Tariq filed a missing person's report. 'cause he didn't, she didn't, he didn't know where she was. It turns out she had ran off with Neil s shown co-founder of Journey, and she eventually married him in a pay-per-view event in 2013. They are still apparently happily married. Wow. I know. Wow. Just a small town girl. Sneak into the White House. Alright, next question. A woman named Rachel Lee loved celebrity style and she wanted to dress just like her favorite celebrity fashion icon.


So she did what a, she created a wearable digital screen that could de play images of any look she wanted B, she sent every celebrity a version of her favorite dress. So eventually they'd be copying her or C, she just broke into celebrity's houses and stole the outfits she liked. Alright, I'll Go A, you're gonna go with a No, it was actually C, she broke into their homes and stole their outfits. What she did, this was a big deal. She and her accomplices became known as the bling ring. Oh, should have known. Yeah. Here's The funny thing too. Their first victim was Paris Hilton because they figured Paris Hilton would never lock her door. And they were right.


Alright, Last question. If you win this, if you win this, you have summited one of the, one of the most famous social climbers of recent years was Anna Delvy. She pretended to be a wealthy heiress as she scammed other people out of money to fund her lifestyle after her conviction for fraud. Which of these did she really say when a reporter visited to her at Rikers Island Prison? Was it a, I'd be lying to you if I said I was sorry for anything. B, would you mind loaning me $75,000? I'm good for it. Or C, the last thing I remember is hitting my head on a car door in 2012.


Where am I? Hmm. A sounds kind of plausible. You gonna go for a Alright, We'll do it. You're Gonna go for a Alright. Yes. It was a, I'd be lying to you if I said I was sorry for anything. Yeah. These people must have seen the Netflix series about her bill. How did Eric Meyer doing our quiz? He got Two outta three and that's enough for a win. I'm so excited. I feel like I just summited the seven summits all over again And it was easier. Yeah. Go enjoy your peanut and dinner On My couch. It did. Exactly. Eric Meyer is an adventurer, activist speaker, and the first blind man to summit Mount Everest.


But not despite what you've heard the first gay one. Eric Wy Meyer, Thank You for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me what a, when we come back, the strongest person I've ever known and with a medal to show for, that's when we return with more waitwait. Don't tell me from NPR.


Hey, it's Peter Segel. Before we get back to this show, I just wanna take a moment to talk about what makes Waitwait and everything you hear from NPR possible. And that is drum roll. Somebody do a drum roll or I'm assuming somebody out there doing a drum roll right now. You Yes, you. NPR is, as we often tell you, public media, that means we rely on the public. And the public is everyone good people and people who eat deep dish pizza, think of NPR as kind of like infrastructure. It's just like the roads and the highways and the sewers are available to everybody. So are we. We connect people, we give people something. They all can complain about something they can all use. Everybody's got it. It is a public good, but like any kind of infrastructure, it needs maintenance, it needs support so that everybody can keep enjoying it. Otherwise, like Steve Inskeep develops terrible potholes, the problem is he kind of expands in the heat and then shrinks when it's cold and you end up getting cracks. Anyway, it doesn't matter. The point is that we need your help to keep this infrastructure of information healthy. Giving Tuesday is coming up. So if you haven't made the leap yet to contributing, now is a good time. And a great way to support us is to sign up for NPR Plus, it's a program, especially for our podcast listeners as an NPR Plus member. You'll get to hear this and other NPR shows without the sponsor messages. And you get other perks too. Like a chance to play our special quiz, the Wait Wait Way back machine where we invite one of you on with me in the studio to try to answer questions from our show 20 years ago. To learn more, just go to plus.npr.org or you can always make a gift at donate dot NPR dot org. And by the way, if you've already signed up for NPR Plus, or if you've donated to your local station, we really appreciate and we are taking your money and we're filling in the gaps on Stephen Inky right now. Thanks.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna. And from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney plus.


These days there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis, And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater and the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. So as you are all listening to this, we are lying around in a trytophan haze from our Thanksgiving meal reminiscing about all the amazing people we got to talk to this year. And since we consider you family, we're gonna share a few of them with you. But don't hog them like you did the sweet potatoes, For example, here's something we're broadcasting for.


The very first time in late August of this year, we went to Minneapolis and we did a show that we broadcast that week, but then we did another show the next night really just as an excuse to stick around and spend a day at the Minnesota State Fair. Did you know that chocolate chip cookies come in a bucket? But the show we did that day was terrific. Here's some of it, starting with a round of bluff, the listener with panelists. Alzo Slade, Emmy Blotnick and Shantira Jackson. Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hey, This is Cassidy from Durham, North Carolina. Hello Cassidy. How are you? I'm good, how are you? I'm Fine. What do you do there in Durham? I am doing my clinical rotations in my last year of pharmacy school.


Your last year of pharmacy school. That's really cool. Can I ask, I I, I'm genuinely curious, what's the most important thing about being a good pharmacist? I would say making sure that we have patients on the most affordable medications. I would say that's the biggest impact we make. Okay. I would've guessed not poisoning people, but That's important too. Well, Cassidy, welcome to the show. You of course, are gonna play the game in which you have to try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Cassidy's topic? Bring your child to work day. Bringing your child to work always a special occasion, right? You get to share all the joys of your workplace with your little one.


You, you get to show them how to submit an expense report and why they should never trust the office milk. But This week we heard about a child who was brought to work and made white an impression there. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you will win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Yes. All right. First, let's hear from Emmy Blotnick Brain surgery can be a tricky thing, and that's true even if you are a brain surgeon. But it's especially true if you are the 13-year-old child of a brain surgeon and your mom hands you the drill.


This was the nightmare scenario that played out during a patient's brain surgery in the Austrian city of Gros last January. Thankfully the doctor was fired. But how was this ever allowed to happen? The conversation between the brain surgeon mother and her 13-year-old non brain surgeon kid may have gone something like this kid. Hey mom, are you sure you want me to use a drill for the first time on a living person? Maybe I should start somewhere. Low stakes like the foot mom. Nah. Do the skull kid. Hey, by the way, who is this guy? Mom, you can ask him when. I mean if he wakes up now, don't focus too much and drill baby.


Drill. A brain surgeon brings her daughter to work and lets her drill a hole into the patient's skull. Your next story of some kid commotion comes from Alzo Slade With Georgia's state election board, again, grabbing headlines. Some new information has come to light regarding the 2020 election. A new investigation had proved there was in fact tampering with the ballots. In 2020, a Republican election official in Valdosta brought their 9-year-old Simon to work on election day to show him real life democracy in action. However, after coming to the conclusion that democracy is boring, Simon pulled out his arts and crafts to entertain himself.


Within minutes, he had an idea to liven up the voting process by creating ballots of his own. Turns out there were only 20 ballots that had to be thrown out after they found glitter. Elmer's glue and construction paper with one question written on it in crayon. Will you go out with me? Yes or no? An election official in Georgia brings his kid to work and he actually introduces election fraud. Your last office of OMG comes from Shanti Jackson. A jeweler in southern California was accused of stealing his customer's jewelry when it was discovered that boxes that were supposed to contain priceless items were swapped out and replaced without his knowledge.


It turns out that his 7-year-old daughter was making friendship bracelets for an upcoming Taylor Swift concert. And when she saw how boring all the jewelry her dad was selling looked, she decided to pull them out of their velvet boxes and swap them with more festive and colorful Taylor themed friendship bracelets. When asked why she would do such a thing, she simply claimed that she didn't think diamonds were a girl's best friend because every girl's best friend is Taylor. Alright, here are your choices. Somewhere somebody brought their kid to work and something went wrong. Was it from Emmy Blotnick? A brain surgeon who let their daughter just, you know, for the experience of it, drill a hole in a patient's brain from Alzo slate, an election official who brought a kid to the counting house and he ended up, shall we say, forging documents and ballots.


Or from Shantira Jackson, a jeweler's kid who decided that what those Beverly Hills type people needed was not diamonds and rubies, but Taylor Swift friendship bracelets. Which of these was the real story of a kid coming to work and messing things up? I'm gonna go with The brain surgeon. You're gonna go with the brain surgeon? Yeah. Why not? Absolutely. Okay. That's a good choice. Well, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to someone who reported on the real story. I'd generally be mad if anybody was drilling into my head if they, to wake up and find out I was a 13-year-old girl. I would hope that she at least watched some YouTube videos about it or watched Some YouTube. That was Louis Prada writer from Vice who reported on the Junior Brain Surgeon in Vienna.


Congratulations, Cassidy. You got it right. You earned a point for Emmy just for telling the truth and for acting out the scenario. Thank You Emmy. But you have also won our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose. Thank You so much. Thank You. And then since the Paris Olympics had just ended, we decided to talk to an actual Olympian about what it was like. And now the game we call, not my job. The best thing about this summer's Paralympics was that thanks to streaming, you could watch any sport you liked. And the best sport to watch was weightlifting. No like complicated tricks with weird names. No incomprehensible judging, just people picking up enormous weights or not.


In the course of just four years, Mary Tyson Lapin went from complete rookie to Olympian weightlifter representing the US at the Paris Games. She grew up just over the border in Eau Claire, Wisconsin. We are delighted to have her with us here. Mary Tyson Lapin, welcome to Waitwait. Don't tell me I I I am. I I wasn't kidding. I watched weightlifting because I was able to. Yeah, thank God you finally got some attention. And I was fascinated. 'cause I don't understand the first thing about it. So let's start at the basics. You pick up weights, is that right? You lift them? Yes. There's, I mean obviously there's a little bit more to it than that, but at the end of the day it's a, it's a very like simple sport.


Yeah. Like it's whoever lifts the most weight wins the meet. And you want to try to be as strong as you can and that's who gets to win. So In the Olympic weightlifting, there's basically two different events. Yes. There's And, and and and you're gonna say them 'cause I can't without blushing. Okay. So we snatch and then we clean and jerk. You snatch And clean and jerk. Yes. The snatch is from the floor and you're going straight over your head without stopping the clean and jerk is you're gonna clean it, pull it to your shoulders, take a little rest. A break, not a break. It's like a second. Yeah. And take Your breath. You don't stop and go get a cup of coffee and come back. You take a, like a one second rest or basically enough to recover and get your breath and then you push it over your head. So typically you clean and drink heavier because you get that little short rest and that's the lift.


You add the two up and that's your total, that's your score. And that's where you decipher where you're gonna Place in the off season. Where you don't lift weights at a regular gym. Like you're not at 24 hour fitness or nothing. Right? No. There are people that go to gyms like that. But most of us have like weightlifting gyms where it's like people doing kind of what we're doing because it gets kind of distracting at times. And I try to avoid it 'cause I get like kind of embarrassed in gyms like That. Well, I'm about to say you but Mary, you never get the temptation to just walk into a 25 hour. I don't. And just flex on these food. I Never, Ever, Like you should, you should walk into like, like a 24 hour fitness with your USA single it on and be like, yeah, Yeah.


No, I I did not get the temptation. Some people do some, some Jim bro standing there with two 50 pound barbells and you pick him and them up at the same time back in the rack. Yeah, that would be awesome. Put him back in his car. Yeah, that did. Speaking of stupid questions, does anybody, like, for example, oh my god, you're an Olympic weightlifter. Could you pick that up? And they point to some like Yeah. All the time. Object near. Yeah. All the time. Right? Do you think you could lift that? I'm like, well, yeah. Can I ask you a little bit about the Olympics? Yes. So were you got to be on the boat in the boat parade. Was that fun? It looked like fun. Yeah. It was raining. It was raining. It was fun. I will say it's fun. I'm not gonna say it wasn't fun. It's not what I imagined.


We had all those like AI generated images before the Olympics where the, the sunset was beautiful and everyone's cheering and like we saw the Eiffel Tower and everything and then we get there and it was gray. Yeah. And it was wet. And we had these jeans on and a wool jacket and we're all soaking wet. And I don't think Ralph Lauren had any idea we were gonna have 99 cent ponchos over our $2,000 outfits. Right. Wait a minute, are you In fact, you just pointed to your jeans. Are you Those are the jeans. These Are my opening ceremony. Those Are your opening. Those are genuine. Ralph Lauren. Yeah. Designed. Yep. Opening ceremony jeans. Wow. Yeah, I know. Are they worth $2,000? Well I think the jeans are like 400. Oh Okay. Wow. But the whole outfit was like $2,000.


Yeah, That jacket. I looked it Up. I know I have because I wanted, it's in car. I got mine in the car. Can I See It? It's In the car. So sorry. And I've always, I I've also wondered, did you get to hang with LeBron? I'm sure everybody asks Me that. Well I have a picture with LeBron but it wasn't on purpose. It's, I was in the background and someone took You photo bombed LeBron James. Someone took it and it was after it started raining and he had a nice poncho and my hair was soaking wet on my face and I was like, like looking at him. So I won't share the picture 'cause I look really silly. Wait, Wait, Wait a minute Mary, to be clear, LeBron James has a picture with you.


Yeah. And you got to do one of those promotions, those little cute movies that NBC did with Snoop Dogg. Yep. And just like Michael Phelps for example, taught Snoop Dogg sort of to swim. Yeah. You taught Snoop to lift? Yes. How did that go? He actually did a pretty good job. I pretty much just, everyone asked me what my strategy was because I said I did a good job. So I said my strategy was basically coaching a kid that's never touched a barbell before. Probably was. And if he did a really good job Coaching a kid who's never touched a barbell Yes. And is stoned. Yes. Well that's what you just do. You're just like, Snoop, imagine this barbell is a 25 pound joint.


Yeah. Basically. Yeah. That doesn't work also. 'cause at the end you have to drop it. Yeah. But anyway, you see what you're saying. He Did a really good job. He wanted to lift more weight than I would let him. And I said, I think it's a terrible idea. Let's stick with the little ones. And then he asked if his producers would crop big weights in. And I think I did see a video of that, Just to get a sense. So, so Snoop Dogg is a grown man. Yes. How much weight did you have him lift First? We started with a broomstick. Oh, I saw that. So you had him lift his body weight. Yes. And Then he's a skinny fellow. He's really skinny.


And then his final weight we lifted was, it was 15 and a half kilos, which is maybe like 35 pounds. Wow. Yeah. And just for comparison, what was your starting weight at the Olympic finals? Like 300. And That's it. That's all you gotta say. That's all you gotta say. That's all you gotta say. We believe you. We believe you. Yeah. Mary Tyson laughin. It is just a pleasure to talk to you about what you do. And we have asked you here though, to play a game that this time we're calling The bad kind of lifting. So you're an expert on weightlifting as we have been discussing. But what do you know about shoplifting correctly?


Answer two of our questions about the five finger discount and you'll win our prize. One of our listeners, bill, who is Mary playing for? Jessica Nelson of St. Paul, Minnesota. You ready to go? Sure. Here's your first question. We also have three of these. Okay. Three tries at this. So you're used to this sort of format. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Here's your first question. Not every shoplifter is caught, but a man in Scotland who stole a bottle of vodka from a liquor store was almost immediately apprehended because he did what? A, he took two steps outta the store, guzzled the entire bottle, then passed out right there. B asked the cashier on a date and left her his full name and telephone number.


Or C came back 20 minutes later and said, oh, I'm sorry, I forgot to steal some tonic water. I'm gonna go with B. You've met men. Yes, you're right. Yeah. You know. Alright, here's your next question. You handled that well. That was an easy lift for you. Yeah. As it were. When a security guard at Target once caught a teenager shoplifting, as he said later, he didn't want to quote, ruin a kid's life for stupid mistakes. So what he did was he just called the police department. They said, send over an officer and just give this kid a, you know, scared straight type speech. One problem. What?


A, they took him literally. And a film crew from the scared straight TV show came along. So no, everyone knows what she did. B, the officer that showed up to give her a talking to was her own stepfather. Or C, the policeman walked out with a candy bar she stole without paying for it. Oh gosh. B, C. No, Wait a minute. They're saying C. Okay, I'll go with C. You're from Wi, you're from Wisconsin. They're Minnesotans. True to Sam. My sister lives in Minnesota though. Your sister lives in Minnesota. But I'm just saying there is a rival. Look with C, you're gonna go with C. No, actually it was her stepfather. Oh yes.


Alright. This is what happened. A target store in California, somebody runs out with hundreds of dollars of merchandise, just runs right out the door. And a customer at the cash register asked the cashier, why don't you do something? Why don't you let, why'd you let that person go? And the cashier says, oh, well that's just because Governor Newsom has changed the law. So like stealing that much doesn't even count as a crime anymore. What did the customer do in response? A say, fine, ran out, caught the shoplifter himself, and then brought him to the police station. B put his own stuff, you know, back in the cart and then rolled that out without paying.


Or c just stared at the cashier until she realized that he in fact was California Governor Gavin Newsom. I, I, I. Okay, let's go See. You know, see that's what happened. It's true. Governor Newsom told this story himself. He was not happy about it. What happened was, once she realized it was Governor Newsom, she was like, oh my god, governor Newsom, can I get a selfie with you? And he said, I would actually like to speak to your manager. Oh man. Bill, How did Mary do in our little competition?


Two out of three, Mary. That's a win. Good list. You did it. You got the lift. Mary Tyson Lapin is a champion weightlifter who won gold, the Pan American Games for going to represent the US at the Paris Olympics. Mary, Thank You so much for joining us. Thank You for Having what an absolute pleasure to talk to. Thank You. When we come back, actor Maya Hawk and an artist who is the undisputed master of his chosen medium. Because as far as we know, he is the only guy making sculptures out of gum wrappers.


That's when we return with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR, imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait, don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts. Cell phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products.


It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, A podcast from NPR and WAMU. Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz.


I'm Bill Curtis. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. And Thank You everybody. You, you know how after Thanksgiving is over, you can't wait to sneak into the kitchen at midnight and make a sandwich out of the leftovers. Well that is basically what we are doing This week. Peter, I've always thought of you as the leftover Turkey of public radio. Well, here are two more essential ingredients for this McKnight snack. First up in May of this year, we talked to Lynden Baris, who had become well known for his brilliant miniature sculptured figurines.


You might be thinking, well, we're all nerds here. We all make little figurines down in our basement. But what makes Barrah special is what he uses to make them Little bit of, a little bit of a fact check here. I referred to you pretty confidently as the greatest living artist who works with gum wrappers. Are there any others? No, I think I'm the only one on the planet actually. Right. Yeah. Well I think we, we just need to go right back to the beginning and ask you how you got started doing this As a kid in New Orleans. You know, I just grew up making things all the time, you know, out of, you know, discarded phone wire, aluminum foil, you know, anything I got my hands on, you know, clay.


And then, you know, when of the tons of gum that my mom chewed and I discovered, you know, her discarded wrappers were paper on one side and foil on the other. I had the idea that if I sculpted it with the paper side out, I can color it and boom, the light switch went off. And you know, here I am. Right. It got me here. I know. And your magnificent mansion made entirely of gum wrappers. And, and, and this is where the only one of my few times when I'm, I'm sad I'm on the radio because I would love for people to instantly see these. But what people need to understand is like, these are not, I don't know, little stick figures. They're incredibly detailed, miniature full body portraits.


Oh, he's holding one up now. People. Yeah. And, and, and, and the the two you're holding up are, are football players and and was that what you, was that where you started? Because I know that you'll, one of your first, your first major projects was, was football, right? Well, yeah, it was. That was the first solo show I had. But I actually started just from making drivers for Hot Wheels cars. So, because you know, the cars are so cool, you know, the, the doors open, the hood, the trunk, everything. But there's no drivers. So it made no sense to me. And so I just started making people to put in the car and never stopped. Did your mother like up her gum chewing to provide you with more raw material?


She did, but then the doctors told her she had to stop because she'd swallow it and said, this is not healthy, man. Wow. That's like the low point in your behind the music. Exactly. Exactly. You have a day job, which is you do animation and special effects for Hollywood films. Some very, very big Hollywood. Yes. That has been the bulk of my professional work. I'm responsible for the creature work, the character and creature work. So like I've done everything from the Matrix trilogy to Happy Feet, the CG creature effects in those films. The cha the ones that are brought to life, the actual characters themselves. I, I can't let you go without asking about what must be your masterpiece.


I refer of course to Karate dog. Oh my God. Oh, Were you aware? 'cause we looked into this, that karate dog, of course a classic. But there are some people who are unhappy with Karate dog because despite the title, the dog only does karate twice. Wow. I can't imagine. I never heard that criticism Living By White. It is fascinating to talk to you and we have in fact invited you here to play a game. We are calling that There is a really big sculpture Since you create very tiny sculptures.


Oh my God. We thought we'd ask you about big ones. Answer two to three questions correctly about very large works of art and you will win our prize for one of our listeners. Any voice they may choose from our show. Bill. Who is Linden? Ba wa playing for Larry Sylvester of San Francisco, California. Alright, you ready to do this? Yeah. Okay. I hope I don't blow this. Okay. The ancient Olympic stadium in Greece where they had the Olympics had a row of giant statues outside. Those statues served. What purpose was it? A, they were each posed as if they were doing a particular athletic event showing which way you had to go to see that event.


B, the names of athletes who had cheated were inscribed on them as a badge of shame or C, their arms and legs were posed to spell out the letters in Olympics. Like you know, the YMCA dance. I'm gonna say a, you're gonna go say A the, like if you wanted to go see the javelin, you went over to the statue that was holding the javelin and you went that way. No, it was actually B, they they, if you cheated at the Olympics, they inscribed your name and what you had done really onto the statues so that people would know and you wouldn't compete. Again. It was the ancient Olympic version of a photo by the cash register.


Don't Let that person in here. That's okay. You still got two chances. Yeah. So once one of these big monumental statues goes up, it's rarely changed. One exception is the very big statue of the Duke of Wellington in Glasgow, Scotland. What change was recently made to that statue? Was it a, because historians finally proved his horse had been a mare, not his stallion. Certain items were removed. B, there is now an orange traffic cone permanently atop of the Duke's head or C, after a sponsorship deal, his Wellington boots were replaced with Uggs. I gotta go with A on that one, they had to have made him agel.


B, The audience is yell, what is the audience yelling? B. B The audience is yelling. B. The orange traffic cone. I'm just gonna lay that In front of you. B. Yeah, B. There they were. Right and now you are too. B. So what happened was, Sometime in the early 1980s for reasons no one exactly knows, people just started putting this traffic cone on top of the duke's head and they'd take it off and immediately somebody would come up and put another one on it. And it was such a pain in the ass to climb up and get it that they said, you know what? From now on, that's part of the statue. Problem solved. I love this 'cause I'm learning things. You are, you know, I know what your next sculpture will be.


Alright. One of the most famous large statues we have is Bob's big boy whose figure looms over many of their franchises. That big statue played an important role in someone's life. Once when what happened, a author Norman Mailer said he stopped drinking. Finally, when a Bob's big boy looked down at him and told him to straighten out, b Patricia Arquette told Nicholas Cage, she would only marry him if he could bring her a Bob's big boy statue. Or C, all of the customers of a Bob's big boy were saved from the 1966 Topeka tornado by hiding inside him. B, You're gonna go for B.


You are right Patricia. Our cat told the story that Nicholas Cage had wanted to marry her for a long time. And she said, fine, if you want to marry me, you must complete this quest. And gave him a bunch of things, including JD Salinger's autograph and a genuine Bob's big boy sculpture. And he did it. And they got married and lived very happily for about four years. But let me ask Bill, how did Linden Bais do on our quiz? Lyndon got two rights and you have won. You have won a little tiny statue that we're gonna be sending. Lyndon j Baris Senior is a sculptor artist and animator.


You can learn more about his remarkable work at it's a wrapper.com. Lyden Baris, Thank You so much for joining us. A Genius and we love talking to you. Take care. Thanks for having me guys. This was too much fun. Thank You. It really Was. Take care.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent and G two's winner. Report more@inter.com slash NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but we'll sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast At NPRs pop culture, happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy Hour podcast from NPR. Finally, here's an interview with actor Maya Hawk, who also joined us in May and talked with guest hosts Alzo Slade.


Now, Ms. Hawk had also put out an album, original song. So Alzo asked her what came first, singing or acting. I've done them both my whole life. It's a notoriously terrible career choice. It's like you try to do one thing well and then you're like, Hey look, I can do another thing badly. And, and then everyone makes fun of you. But, but it's, but it's fun and I've been doing it forever. So you've been a, you've been a singer songwriter forever. Like when you're like four or five years old, what are we talking? We're talking like seven, eight, but I was not a professional child in any way. What were you writing at seven, eight years old? I was rewriting the lyrics to songs from the Hannah Montana TV show.


You were dropping remixes at seven, eight years old. Nice. So Stranger Things is what most of us know you for. And you entered in the third season and this, this show was like the most like stream show in the history of streaming forever throughout all eternity. True. And so, And when I watched Stranger Things, it was nostalgia for me. 'cause I grew up in the eighties, or you're, you're much younger than me, you're 25 years old. How did it feel playing a character that works in a mall that when malls really don't exist anymore?


You know, it felt a little bit like, you know, being on the Nina and the Penta and the Santa Maria, you know, it Felt real good. Yeah. My people weren't on any of those shit. So Stranger things are so popular and people, there are some people who didn't want spoilers, didn't want to know what happened, but then there are people online really trying to figure out what was gonna happen in the next episode where people, when people see you in public, where they kind of, you know, joke you to try to figure out what's gonna happen. They do it all the time, even today about the upcoming season. But the good thing about me is I can't understand what's happening in the show whatsoever.


Tell them Even if I wanted to, Maya, I saw the trailer for your new movie Wildcats. It, it looks beautiful. It looks amazing. Can you tell us a little bit about what the movie is about and the role that you play? Yes. I, I play like at least five roles in the movie. I play Flannery O'Connor and characters in many of her short stories. And if, for those who don't know, she's an extremely complicated, curmudgeonly unpleasant woman from the Jim Crow South who wrote a lot and also died of lupus. That's my Pitch. That was quick. And we wanna see that.


Thank You. Yeah, we want, we, we wanna see that. When I was in college, I was already obsessed with FLA oconnor or drama school and I had a, a boyfriend who wrote me a song about it and he, the last verse of the song was, the only thing I knew about Flannery O'Connor was that she died of lupus just like her father. It's a solid approximate rhyme. Is that, is that on the soundtrack? It's plays over the closing credits when they do the big dance, the big Flannery O'Connor dance. Maya, Maya, do you have a favorite lyric of yours? Like if you had to choose one of your favorite lyrics from one of your songs, what would it be? It would be from a song that's not out yet, but it's gonna come out, which is a lyric I stole from something that my grandfather always says, which is why do it right when you can do it yourself?


I like granddad. That's cool. That's some, that's some real wisdom right there. Yeah, that's a real wisdom. Maya hawk, we've invited you here today to play a game. We're calling Oh my A hawk. Is that Yeah, That's right. We're gonna ask you three questions about bird watching, answer two out of the three correctly and you'll win our prize for one of our listeners. Bill, who is Maya playing for? I Can't, Liz Price of Denver, Colorado. Woo. Liz, I'm so sorry.


You're gonna do great. I can feel it. Here's your first question. Urban Birders can get amazing video if they're lucky. Like one person who got footage of a crow Doing what? A cutting a car's brake lines B, sorting a neighbor's recycling or C goading two cats into fighting each other. Ooh. Okay. I love crow's story. Crows are amazing and they do amazing things. And so I'm gonna have to go with, because of my extensive crow research with B, sorting, a neighbor's recycling, The answer is C.


No. Yes, man. Going two cats into fighting each other. These two cats are opposite each other on two shed roofs and the crow keeps flying back and forth poking them on the butt to push them toward each other until they start going at it. Do you think the crow had money on it? Probably so. Yeah. All right, Maya, here's your next question. Birding may seem like a calm and relaxing hobby, but that's not always the case. Some birders have reported spotting birds doing what in the wild? A screaming cuss words. B. Trying to convince hikers to buy them a pack of cigarettes or C selling tickets to watch two cats fight.


Okay, that's extremely funny, but I'm gonna have to go with a, though I think it's a gim. Correct. The theory. The theory is that captive birds who learned to swear, escaped and taught the wild birds all of their dirtiest words. All right, Maya, here's your last question. A reporter uncovered a questionable tactic used by birders in Rhode Island to see birds who rarely fly close to the shore. What do they do? A send out a rubber raft full of bird seed and then reel it back in like a fishing line.


B by tickets on a whale watching cruise only look at birds, then hope they never see a whale, so the company refunds their ticket. Or C, play loud recordings of boat noises so the birds think they're still over the ocean. I'm gonna go with the whale watching. Yes, Nice. Be the whale watching cruise. Bill. How did Maya Hawk do on our quiz? You did great. Two out of three and Maya, that is a win. Oh, see, Ladies and gentlemen, Maya Holt's new movie. Wildcat is in select theaters now, and her new album, chaos Angel is out May 31st and Inside Out two, an animated movie is out June 14th, Maya Halt.


Thank You for joining us on Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. That's it for our Thanksgiving leftovers edition. Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago, an association with Urin Haircut Productions. Doug Burnham, benevolent overlord. Philip Goca writes our Limerick. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald, BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Monica Hickey and Blythe Robertson. Peter G. Green is our little Butterball. Our vibe curator is Emma Choi, technical Directionist from Lorna White. Our CFO's Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell Me is Mike Danford.


Thanks to everybody you heard on this week's show, all of the panelists are guests. Al also slayed for guest hosting, and of course Bill Curtis. And thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back next week with a new show. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card, you earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark. Cash plus terms apply


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award. He praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power, aging, and Evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line Podcast from NPR.