
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from stamps.com. If you run a business that requires a lot of mailing and shipping, use stamps.com. You'll save time and money by printing, postage tracking packages, and scheduling free pickups all in one easy to use dashboard. More than 4 million customers have relied on stamps.com. Let stamps.com do what they do best so you can spend your time doing what you do better. Go to stamps.com/npr to sign up for a special offer. No contract, cancel any anytime. That's stamps.com/npr.


From NPR at WB Z Chicago is his Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I've got the voice of an angel and the body of a hot angel. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago. That I, Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You so much. We have got such a great show for you today. Later on, we are gonna be talking to Lauren Graham, star of the legendary TV show, the Gilmore Girls A Show. So beloved, that 25 years after it debuted, people still rewatch it in times of extreme stress just for its calming cheering effect.


So today we are not sure if we should interview her or just have her reenact season one. But first we want to be soothed and reassured by the sound of your voice. So Give us a call. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi. This is Rebecca Vaughn calling from Nantucket, Massachusetts. Nantucket There once was a listener from Nantucket. I was about to say what a indeed. What a shame. You're not playing our listener Limerick challenge. That would be ideal. What do you do in that beautiful island? I help to run a sailing program for a yacht club and enjoy the off season when it's nice and quiet.


Right? You have no Tourists. I I, I, I have friends who live on Martha's Vineyard and I know what it's like. It's like the summer is just filled with all these rich people, but in the winter they all leave and I assume you just walk around breaking into their houses and pretending you're wealthy. We try to avoid doing that, but it is a little bit tempting. It really Is, isn't it? Well, welcome to the show, Rebecca. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, it's a writer for Clean Slate. Season one is on Prime. It's Shantira Jackson. Hi chant. Hi. Next. A writer whose unmissable Substack is, take another little piece of my heart. Now. It's our old friend, Roy Blount Jr. Hi.


Hey Roy. Hey, And a contributor to CBS Sunday Morning and Woman About Town is Faith Salie. Hey Rebecca. Hi, faith. So Rebecca, welcome to the show. You, of course, are gonna play who's Bill this time? Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose for your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I am ready. All right. I can tell. Here we go then. Your first quote is from a coffee shop owner in Canada talking about the Americanos on his beverage menu. Join us, call them Canadians. Ah, That barista was renaming his drink as part of Canada's national uprising.


Against what? Oh, the tariff. Yes. The trade war. As they always say, you won't like Canadians when they're mad. Actually, they're adorable. First Canadians booed the national anthem at NBA Games. Now they're rebranding the Americano up there as the Canadian. And I just wanna say to the Canadians, Thank You. Everybody knows the Americano is the worst coffee order. Can I have some coffee please, but make it watery. President Trump began the week by announcing a 25% tariff against all goods from Canada and Mexico.


And then he exempted cars from the Canadian tariff, and then he just delayed the Mexican tariff entirely. And then finally he delayed the Canadian tariff for a month, all in four days. By the time I finish this sentence, the only Canadian product we will be banning is Drake. Do you, do you think that Trump really focusing on Mexico and Canada has anything to do with how good looking both of their leaders are? Probably like, I think I, I really, I I think there might be something to this. I think he is intimidated by Justin Trudeau's Good looks right.


Which his wife has. I'm gay. I think he's hot. There you go. And, and I'm not gay, and I think the president of Mexico is super hot. Yeah. And she is gorgeous and I'm gay and she is hot. There you go. I, I'm confirmed. I Mean it, what's weird about this is of course, as you know, president Trump came into office promising massive tariffs against everybody for any reason he could think of. And then he finally, he said he was gonna do it and he did it, and then all of a sudden he's not doing it. His approach to economic policy is the same as my approach to making plans with friends. Absolutely. We are going to get together, count on it, and then I never see them again. Yeah. The, the me who agreed to go is very different than the me that needs to leave.


That True. You asked me in the daytime, you want me to leave at night? And you know, Canada, Canada has an advantage in this whole renaming thing, right? Because there's all these American things they can rename to Canadian, but as for Canadian things, what are we gonna rename? They have the worst bacon and the meanest bird. Alright, here, here is your next quote, Rebecca. I blame The little free Libraries. That was a commenter on a Wall Street Journal piece about how publishers are planning to stop putting out what kind of books, Actual printed books. Well, a particular kind of printed books.


There are in general two kinds. There's, there's the hardbacks Oh, Heart Covers. No, the other one. Oh, paperbacks. Yes. Say goodbye to paperback books. You, you want, you cannot now wait for the paperback version of a book. You want to come out. The publishing industry is moving to a model where it is gonna be the hardcover or nothing. That makes me So who is clapping? People who like fancy shelves? No, no, this makes sense. The publisher's plans to make all books much heavier and more expensive. We'll be great for sales. Yeah. Yeah. This apparently is because of a lot of things affecting the publishing industry among them. The fact that instead of buying paperbacks or hardbacks, most people are now reading books on e-readers, such as the Amazon Kindle and the Barnes and Noble.


Oh, that's so cute. They have one too. I I was hoping you'd say what it was. 'cause I couldn't ask. You cannot. Hard hard, hard books though. Hard books. Hard books. I don't like hard books. I like the books that they're rigid will work with me. Great. But they look good on the shelf. Do I know? It's so Beautiful. That's The thing. That's, and and I think some people buy them to display. Absolutely. There, there's a Japanese word. 'cause Japanese have the best words for all these things. It's sodoku. It's your pile of books that you're never gonna read. It just makes you look smart. I will say, I had every intention of reading them.


I just did it. So The the way it's gonna work is instead of there being a paperback release for every hardback, which sort of was the tradition, right? Writers get one shot. If the hardback doesn't sell, they're done. Right. They don't get a paperback release. That really will raise the stakes for hardback sales, especially for those, you know, serious, more obscure, less, you know, less popular authors. So everybody is all of a sudden very excited about Joyce Carroll Oates's new novel. One quick tip to Melt Belly Fat. I can see that a couple of my books were way in advance of today because they didn't have a paperback and they told me that it was because I had written the wrong book.


Alright, Rebecca, we got one more quote for you. Here you go. It's never too early to get Planning. That was from an article in the New York Post urging people that despite it being almost 10 months away, right now is the best time to start shopping for what? Oh gosh. Back to school items. No, No, it's, it's, I know we just finished the second months of the year, so 10 months would put us Yes. Christmas shopping. Yes. Christmas Of course. Great news. What Great news for psychopaths buying Christmas presents in March is now a thing. You can save money, but make sure you get those people in your life something that you would like to, because chances are by December, at least one person on your list is not gonna be your friend slash wife anymore.


Wait, Wait, Peter, who's saying this? This is for next Christmas. Yeah. Yeah. The New York Post is saying this, and they're utterly reliable. Then they just talked to a suburban mom. My grandma's been buying candles for Christmas for the last 30 years. Everybody goes to TJ Max and is like, your cousin will like this towel in six months. And is she right? Does she predict She give it to 'em? I don't know if they want it. You have to be careful though. You have to be careful. You have to do a little bit of planning because the last thing in the world you want to do is embarrass yourself when you're, you know, your beloved opens up a package and pulls out the Special Department of Education forever T-shirt.


He didn't do it. Bill, how did Rebecca do in our quiz? Well, there was A young lady from Nantucket. Oh My goodness. And she did great. There you go. Roll. Congratulations, Rebecca. Bye-bye, Rebecca. Thank You. Thank You. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye-bye. Right now, panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news, Roy. There's a new company that promises to use cutting edge treatments to significantly extend your lifespan. The only catch is you'll have to live the rest of your lengthy life. Where? In a jar, I'll give you a hand.


We'll be doing ultrasonic colon cleanses down in the Lido deck. Oh, on a cruise Ship? On a cruise ship. Oh my God. Passengers who embark possibly as soon as next year on the MV narrative cruise line, will get personal training, genetic testing, stem cell therapy, and to even extend their life further, the blood of young people who died over on Carnival cruises. The catch is, and you're wondering, there has to be a catch, because who wouldn't wanna live forever on a cruise ship? The catch is you don't buy a ticket, you spend a million dollars to purchase a state room and then you get to live there forever.


Oh, it is. And I lived on a cruise ship. I I worked on a cruise ship for 18 Weeks. 18 weeks. That's a Long time. And let me tell you, you couldn't pay me a million dollars to go be living on a cruise ship for that Long. Ti What Were you, what were you doing? I was doing comedy, you guys. And you know what? It was easy. Everybody's drunk. I've never been funnier. Coming up. Our kids ruin everything in our bluff The Listener game. Call one triple eight, Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus. Season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus


Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Faith Sealey Chant Jackson and Roy Blount Jr. And here again is your host at the Stu Acre Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Dell. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air. Or you can check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. Npr, how you run? Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Dustin Durant from Omaha, Nebraska. Hey. Okay. So What do you do there in Omaha? Well, My wife and I keep poison dart frogs.


We have over 30 different frogs. That's new. You keep poison dart frogs. Do they come when you call them, They, they jump at you when you spray water at 'em. So you gotta be careful when you open it up. You know what, me too. Yeah. Ve All been there. Alright, Dustin, well welcome to the show. You are gonna play our game in which you have to tell Truth from Fiction. Bill, what is Dustin's topic? Don't bring your kid To work. You may remember the day, a decade or more ago when NPR had to take your kid to workday and somebody's kid pushed a button and took NPR off the air for more than a minute.


This week somebody's kid did something even more interesting while at their parents' place of work. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you will win our prize. The wait waiter of your choice for your voicemail. You ready to play? Yes. Alright, well let's start then with a story from Faith Salie. Last week, Sharon McGann had to take her 12-year-old son Oscar with her to her admin job at Church of the Blessed Sacrament in Columbus, Ohio. Sharon told Oscar to keep quiet and stay out of trouble. He didn't. He ensconced himself in a confessional. When penitent parishioner, Lorna McMahon came into the booth and said through the screen, bless me father, for I have sinned.


Oscar froze. Then he lowered his voice and replied, tell me all the bad stuff. My child Oscar heard confessions for an hour until he farted and laughed so hard that his mom found him. But before she did, young fake father Oscar doled out some punishing penances, like telling one parishioner to listen to kids Bop while praying the rosary. A Google plex number of times A 12-year-old gets taken to church by his parent and ends up taking confessions and learning a little about the world.


Your next story of a kid catastrophe comes from Roy Blount Jr. If you are a German soccer player, we learned This week, it's all very well to bring your little boy to one of your games. As long as you tell him this up front, don't bite the referee in the balls. A match between two lower level teams was about to begin. Suddenly it was called off because the only referee was in too much pain. Let the referee tell it. A small child was doing warmup exercises alongside the players. He came closer and closer to me.


Suddenly to my complete surprise, he gave me a sharp bite in my left testicle. So give the kid a break. Maybe the thing was hanging loose. Anyways, any parent knows you can never think of everything you need to tell a child not to do. A German soccer ref gets surprised by a player's son on the pitch. Your last story of a kiddo Uhoh comes from Chenier Jackson, The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, or has his friends like to call him. The Met has a long history of displaying beautiful art pieces and welcoming children of all ages.


One day a docent brought his daughter to work only to immediately lose her. The girl had been to the museum hundreds of times and she decided it was time to put her own spin on the exhibits. One by one, she went around replacing the placards that give details about the art in the rooms with her own handwritten, honest reviews. The Egyptian room, originally known as the Temple of Di, was replaced with a placard that said this stuff in here is pretty cool. But don't forget about what happened in the Mummy. Be chill in here. The room with the antique furniture placard changed from Renaissance to Revival Room To skip this room, you can't even sit on any of the couches throughout the day.


Docents were finding and removing the placards display after display. When asked why she did it, the girl said that at school they were learning how the best art is honest art. And also I just lied and said I had permission to do this. So one of these stories really happened. Was it from Faith Salie? A 12-year-old ended up taking confessions at a Catholic church from Roy Blount Jr. A kid at a German soccer pitch. Well, not using his hands on the ball. Or from Shantara Jackson, a docents daughter at the Metropolitan Museum, changing the placards on the art to more honest ones.


Which of these is the real story of a kid at his parents' workplace? I'm gonna have to go with the soccer balls incident because that's the truth is stranger than fiction. And if you're gonna make it up, I don't think they go that far. Alright, you've chosen Roy's story of the soccer player's son who attacked the soccer referee. Well, we spoke to someone who had an opinion on this real story. I just felt so bad for the referee and For everyone involved. Awesome. That was Joey Kenworth. He's a soccer referee in broadcaster in Vancouver, Canada, talking with I think, some apprehension about the boy who attacked the referee with his teeth in Germany.


Congratulations. You got it right. You Learned to point for Roy. You have won our prize, the voice of any one you might choose from our show and your voicemail. Congratulations and well done. Thank You. Thank You. It's a pleasure being on the show. Best to your frogs. Thank You. And now the game where we ask famous people about obscure things. We call it not my job. Lauren Graham became very famous and even more beloved by playing Lorelei Gilmore in the Gilmore Girls, a grown woman dealing with her own problems and the problems of her young daughter.


She's now starring in Z Suite, a new comedy in which she plays a grown woman dealing with her own problems and the problems of her much younger colleagues. Perhaps she has found a niche. Lauren Graham, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Gimme a fact check. Was I correct? In drawing a parallel, does your role in Z Suite remind you at all of, of your former adventures as Lorelei Gilmore? No. No, because the, the sort of premise of the show is what a bad job they're doing at, at, at taking over the office.


And I tend to be playing irritable at them, which I hardly ever did with Rory. 'cause she was such an a student. No, it's been really fun to just do something that feels different. I have to ask, I watched, I watched the first episodes of Z Suite and are there actual young people writing this show? Because I have to say, not being a young person myself, the young people seem like lunatics to me. There are, we, we consulted with actual young advertising people. And o obviously it is making fun of all of all of us. So it's not not being overly critical of anyone because it's overly critical of everyone.


It's fun because, because of the show. I've heard even worse stories. I have a friend whose young employee called in sick because his eyes were baggy. He had under eye bags and he, and he needed more time for them to, to settle before he felt. That's true. That is a thing that happened. Wow. I I want to talk about the fans of the show, but I have to, I have to engage in just a little speculation. One of the things that I have learned about the Gilmore Girls is that it's famed for its references constantly. There are webpage giving the explanation of every reference and every episode of the Gilmore Girls in the very first scene of the first episode of The Gilmore Girls, your character Lorelei offers some flavored lip gloss to your daughter Rory, in one of the very first scenes of Z Suite, your character describes one of the colleagues as so young.


She still uses flavored lip gloss. Was that this is Most NPR And I'm like, this has gotta be a subtle callback Right on somebody's No, no, no, no. I may, I I Love I don't think so. No one, no one. I did not make that association. And no one said, Hey, that's a little Easter egg for you. I think it's just you're a very smart man And you're a very lovely woman. But we knew that. Let's talk about the Gilmore Girls. Gilmore Girls is so beloved that there are two fan conventions this year in Connecticut alone.


Have have you ever gone to one? No. I, I haven't. And we are the, it is the 25th anniversary this year. And that we are in discussions by we, I mean myself and Amy Sherman Paladino, the creator of the show, to say, what can we do? What can we do to give people the experience they seem to, to crave of community around the show. You know, maybe getting all of us together in some way. So we're, we're working on it. You're working on it. So there might be something like, I Hope so.


There will be something. What will it be at an inn in Connecticut? You know, I don't know, Pete. It'll be great to have all the people wear plaid. That'll be exciting. Exactly. Many years ago, I had the privilege of interviewing Leonard Nemoy and he had a thing early in his career where he got very upset that people thought he was Mr. Spock. He later embraced it. And I wonder, you played a similarly iconic character. Do people think you, are you, Lauren Graham, actual human being are Lorelei Gilmore fictional creation? Yes. And I don't think I've worked hard enough to dissuade them from believing that. I think, I think the show, you know, as any long running TV show, you become it and it becomes you.


And sort of the reason I I gravitated toward this way back when I first read the pilot was it felt like familiar somehow. It felt like the way I speak or think already. So it was kind of meant to be in that way. And, and, and yes, I in general, it's really positive. People view me as their cool mom and I don't, you know, that's not bad. No. Does does it, has it ever gotten awkward? Has anybody like come and like laid out their troubles and ask for lo lies advice? Yeah, I mean, I mean, it's not even awkward so much as it's, and this is just being on TV and playing someone who's like, not Walter White.


You know, like if you play a friendly kind of warm person, like, people just feel that they know you. And, you know, people cry sometimes and, and, you know, it gets awkward. Like if I'm in the bathroom and like coming out of a stall, like that's not my favorite. They're like, oh my God, can I, and I'm like, let me just, let's leave this room and Yes. Well, Lauren Graham, it is a joy to talk to you. And we have asked you here to play a game and we are calling it Gilmore Girls Meet Girls with Gills. That's what I know. All right. Work with me here. Work with me.


I will. You played a Gilmore girl. So we're gonna ask you three questions about Gil Girls. That is mermaids. Okay. Makes sense. Answer two to three questions correctly. You'll win a prize from one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they choose from our show on their voicemail, perhaps mothering them. Well, That's a, that's a great gift. It is. I think, I think it's the only one we could possibly afford. So it better be Bill, who was Lauren Graham playing for Iffa Murray of Oak Park, Illinois. Ah, A place I know. Wow. Here we go. Lauren, you ready to play? I am. All right. Here's your first question. The old 20,000 leagues under the sea ride at Disneyland now gone. Well, for a brief period in the 1960s had actresses dressed up as mermaids, lounging on rocks in the lagoon, and waving to the visitors.


They had to end that part of the attraction. Just after a few years, YA one of the mermaids got a tail caught in the submarine and got dragged through the lagoon. B visitors kept jumping in the water and trying to hit on the mermaids. Or see somebody who said they represented the real mermaid community said it was offensive stereotyping. I believe that people would get in the water to meet them. Yes, you apparently have met some people. Yes, That's right. It was unsurprisingly, mostly men who were jumping into the water to go talk to the mermaids.


I don't know if the men had noticed that the mermaids are fish from the waist down. Alright, Very good. Very perceptive. Here's your next question. The most famous mermaid attraction in America is of course, the mermaids of Wiki, Wie Springs also in Florida. If you were to dive to the bottom of the Wiki, Wie Springs, where the mermaids play 75 years after that show started, what would you find down there? A about 10 metric, tons of loose plastic mermaid scales. BA carton of cigarettes that was dropped by a mermaid in 1968 who actually thought she could have a smoke break down there, or C nobody has any idea because nobody's ever seen the bottom.


Ooh. Well, scales, I guess Scales. No, it's not scales. It's that nobody knows. Yeah, the Wiki w Springs is the deepest natural springs in the world, and nobody has gotten down there. All right, you have one more chance. If you get this right, you win an aquarium in China also offers a mermaid show with performers dressed as mermaids performing this time in a giant fish tank. But they were recently accused of covering up an incident in which what happened? A, the tail fell off a particular mermaid revealing it to be a mer man. B, the head fell off a mermaid revealing it to be a giant sturgeon or CA giant sturgeon tried to eat a mermaid's head there.


The audience is yelling C and No, no, they're just an acapella group. Yeah, I know. I was about to say they're yelling C in C. So Am I being booed By No, no, you're not being booed. You are being helped. You're being helped by the, by the, by the see, see, it's sea. It's sea. It is sea. Yes. The, the, the, the giant sturgeon, which was in the tank just swam over and took, just tried to swallow that mermaid's head. And I have to say, having seen the video, it is horrifying, but in a good way. And the mermaid was fine. Bill, how did Lauren Graham do in our quiz? Lauren got two out of three, and that Is a win. Lauren, Congratulations Lauren.


And I have to say, you did that like Lorelai, you were thoughtful, you struggled a bit, but you won. In the end, you came through. Lauren Graham is now starring on the Z Suite. You can find it on Tubi. Lauren Graham, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, Don, Thank You so much. Such fun. That was a delight. Thank You, Lauren. Take care. Bye bye-Bye. In just a minute. The one thing you cannot go camping without, that's in our listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. From NPR


At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our Rum from a quality standpoint, is the best in the world. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's Very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry about Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world, so you can catch up on while getting ready, making the SAO or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


Cell Phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Roy Blount Jr. Faith Salie and Shantira Jackson and hearing at Azure Host at the Stu DeBaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel, Thank You so much, bill. In just a minute, roses are red, violets are blue. Bill does the limericks because he's better at rhyming. Listener Limerick challenge. If you like to play, Give us a call. One triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel, some more questions for you from the weeks' news.


Faith, there's a controversial new trend taking over the internet that challenges people to show up only 15 minutes before their what? Their wedding? No, not their wedding. Their Funeral. That's my plan though, actually. Well, gosh. I mean, most people, most, most, most, most of the time you recommended you show up two hours before this. Oh, your flight. Your flight, Yes. In a challenge design that makes you sweat. Exactly. In a challenge designed to make your dad furious. The airport theory trend suggests that with modern airports at everything else, you only need to arrive at the airport 15 minutes before your departure time in order to make your flight.


No, No, No, no, it's perfect. No, I'm going to absolutely do this on Thanksgiving with my two small children and my non-refundable affairs. And it's gonna be awesome. If you get there so close, you don't get the kickback and enjoy a little packet of thousand dollars crackle. Right? That's true. Enjoying each one because they caused $40 each. That's right. Over the last month, TikTok has been full of people testing out this theory. Coincidentally, and this is true, in the last month, Google searches for I missed my flight, have gone up 645%. Roy, we've all experienced our banks going digital.


So we do things on our apps now on our phones. A new organization has also moved to digital banking. What is it? It's a bank that all of us, well, almost all of us have been to The bank. You know, like the You swim to a bank? That kind of Bank, bank? No, No. Bank by the river. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll I'll give you a hand. Okay. Not Sperm bank. No, No. It would be interesting how you'd use your phone to make a deposit in that You can do. You can. No, I mean, I, I'll say I don't mind using the app for banking, but it is a little uncomfortable just to have to swipe left to get out of jail free.


Oh. To rob a bank? No, no. Get out of jail. Free Monopoly. Monopoly. Monopoly. Yes. The Monopoly bank has gone digital to keep up with the Times. Hasbro is releasing a new version of Monopoly where instead of the classic, you know, bank and all the monopoly money and its colors, you'll manage your money via Monopoly mobile banking app. That's right. They've, It's like crypto. I hate that. Yes. Do that. They've, they've, they've, they've automated the Monopoly banker sending the unemployment rate among older siblings skyrocketed. What are we taking away from our children? Yeah, I know. I mean, you cannot replicate with some, you know, bites digital data.


The cocaine like high of waving your a hundred dollars bills and your sobbing little sister's face Cocaine. Like Yeah. You wanna let it rain? Yeah. Yeah. And where does it send, are we gonna see like Airbnbs instead of hotels? And I swear if they replace railroads with ride share apps, I would burn Marvin Gardens to the ground. I'm really upset about this. This is like, I have such fond memories of me and my cousins screaming at each other over that money. Yeah. Like, I just, that's how you like, learn how to count and decide whether or not being a landlord is a good thing.


All about the k Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first, it's the game where you have to listen for the ride. If you'd like to play on air call, we'll leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see us most weeks here at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago or on the road. We'll be at the Walt Disney Theater in Orlando on March 20th. Tickets and info is@nprpresents.org. Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Mariah Wood. I'm from Chestertown, Maryland. Chestertown Maryland. Okay. I don't know exactly where that is. No, you wouldn't. I would. Why wouldn't I know where it is? Well, it's a teeny little town in a teeny little co county on the opposite side of the Chesapeake Bay from where everybody thinks Maryland is.


Right. Well, welcome to this show, Mariah. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in the last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks will be a winner. You ready to go? I sure am. Here is your first limerick. Half un eaten. Don't throw that away. Leave it out. It stays firm and, okay. Consumers will clamor for our new banana unpeeled. It can last a whole Day. Whole day. Yes. British scientists have developed a variety of banana that doesn't spoil once it is peeled. This is a huge win for fruit salad.


And anyone who wants to save 19 cents by eating half a banana today and saving the other half for tomorrow, otherwise known as why are there fruit flies in my car? But this is amazing. Just, just think what, what in advance? Think of all the bananas that wouldn't have gone bad and been made into banana bread. And think of no one having to pretend they like banana bread. I hate what banana. I hate banana bread. You do? I do not like it. I like bananas. I don't like bananas in stuff. Sorry, Roy. Roy, how do you feel about banana bread? I like, I I, it was the only thing my children would eat for about six months. Well, not banana bread, but with bananas.


And I mix it up with, you know, with chocolate and milk and stuff. They love that so, well, if you Put it like that, I'll probably eat that too. So for six months your, your kids would only eat mashed bananas with chocolate and milk. Yeah. I'm, you know, I'm sort of saying this for a effect, But, But they loved it. They loved that and it was healthy for them. Yeah. Alright. Here is your next limerick. My survival tales. Totally. Truth based food was minty with hints of vermouth taste. Since I'm not a noob, I consumed the whole tube when I drank melted snow and ate Toothpaste.


Yeah. Toothpaste. A teenager in China who was stranded in the remote, frigid mountains with no food survived on river water, melted snow, and a lot of toothpaste for 10 days. Ooh. Ooh. Tube Of toothpaste. One tube of toothpaste. Fortunately for him it was Colgate's new beef toothpaste. I'm, I'm very happy for the guy and I'm glad he got rescued. But who decides to go hiking on a trail that was closed? 'cause it was too dangerous with no water, no food, but a tube of toothpaste. A teenage boy. A Teenage Really? That has teenage boy written all over. Really? Explain the logic.


I haven't been a teenage boy for a while. Okay. The logic is it's a boy. Yeah. And he's a teenager and he made a big mistake. You just didn't think No. Yeah, yeah. A, a teenage girl would've had like too much stuff. She would've been like, I had to leave one of my bags on the top of the mountain. Poor guy will never be able to brush his teeth without experiencing PTSD again. Alright, here's your last limmer. If you're doing great. Once my tummy was bloated and so hurt, now I'm hot and can go out with no shirt. Thanks to coconut cultures. My body's sculpture and I've paid 40 bucks for the Yogurt.


Yogurt according to influencers. There is a new kind of yogurt that makes you look hotter as opposed to traditional yogurt that makes you look old, because there you are eating yogurt. Coconut Cult is a probiotic. Coconut yogurt that quote promotes gut health, eliminates bloating, improves immunity, and clears skin. And at $40 a jar facilitates poorness. $40. I think I'm just like turning into my dad because I'll be like $40. I can make my own yoga for half. That price Won't make me hot. Maybe a little warm, but you know, that's good enough. You gimme Two hours. I'll figure it out.


Bill, how did Mariah do in our quiz? Perfect. Score three straight. There you are. Well done, Mariah. Thank You so much. Take care. You too. Bye-bye. Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NBRs. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called.


Wherever you get your podcasts.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through line podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast,


Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds of which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now with two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Genter And faith each have two. Roy has four. Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Well, Roy's in first place. Faith and shater are tied for second. So I'm gonna arbitrarily pick faith to go first this time. Here we go. Faith, the clock will start when they begin. Your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, European leaders met at a special summit after the White House pulled critical support for blank Ukraine. Right. Following several collisions in near misses, a house hearing was held to address the shortage of blanks.


Federal aviation workers. Yeah. Air traffic controllers. This week, the county of Los Angeles sued California Edison saying the company's equipment sparked blank. Wildfires. Right. On Monday, streaming video site blank announced it was cracking down on gambling related content. Netflix, No. YouTube. This week Citibank set a quote. Inputting error was the reason a customer who made a $280 deposit was accidentally credited with blank. 280 million, No, $81 trillion On Tuesday. FIFA announced that for the first time ever, the 2026 men's blank would include a halftime show. World Cup. Exactly. Drake's Revenge on Sunday, an Nora was the big winner at the 2025 Blank Awards.


Oscars. Right. This week the family in England is fighting over their father's headstone after his wife engraved it with the epitaph blank. Oh, he was an arse. No Close though. The gravestone said in loving memory of John. Husband, son, father Adulterer. Oh, Alright. The first question is, come on, who would cheat on somebody? So funny? The father's side of the family has demanded a new headstone, but his son says no and he is the support of his mother, his two siblings, and four other people who also are his siblings. It turns out, bill, how did Faith do in our quiz? Five.


Right? 10 more points. Total of 12. She's in the lead. Alright, Well done. Here we go then. Shantara, you are up next. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, president Trump reversed course and lifted most of the blanks placed on Mexico tariffs. Right. According to a new study, paxlovid may not reduce hospitalization risk for older adults who catch blank Covid. Right. This week, Utah became the first state to pass legislation that requires blank apps to verify their users ages, porn apps, no social media apps. That sounds like something Utah would do. On Thursday, a 40 day boycott against Target began in protest of the company scaling back blank policies.


DEI. Right? The existence of a top secret, CIA Blackside in Virginia was accidentally revealed This week when blank. Somebody went to go play golf There? No. When the Trump administration listed the building for sale on Monday, Uber began offering blank list vehicles for riders in Austin, Texas. Driverless right This week, according Canada ruled against a man who said he couldn't provide spousal support because he was injured from blanking, Cheating all the time. Well, he did that, but he said he was injured from hunting for Sasquatch. Oh, The court denied the man's claim that he was unable to provide financial support due with slip and fall injury. He suffered while searching for Sasquatch.


The court documents didn't have a lot of detail, but they do say the slip and fall incident happened on a set of stairs in Vancouver, Canada. So I guess he was at the Sasquatch apartment. Mm. Bill, how does Genti do in our quiz For right? Eight more points. Total of 10. Faith still leads. All right, So then how many does Roy need to win? Four to tie, five to win. All Right. Filling up to it. Here we go. Roy. This is for the game. On Thursday, the White House prepared an executive order aimed at eliminating the Department of Blank. Oh, probably all of 'em. Department of Education. Right. Following his protest during Trump's address to Congress, the House censured representative blank Al Green.


Right. This week, the US began negotiating directly with Hamas about the ceasefire in blank In Gaza, Right. On Tuesday, the CDC warned that the blank outbreak in Texas has continued to grow. Oh no. I know. Measles. Measles. This week a dispatcher in Oklahoma worked closely with police after a toddler called 9 1 1 and asked for a blank, An arrest of someone in the toddler's family. No, he asked for emergency donuts and he got them on Tuesday blank became the first player in NBA history to read 50,000 career points. LeBron James. Right. On Thursday, scientists warned that human brains could contain up to a spoonful of blank. Oh, plastic. Right. This week, a tourist in Rome who was trying to flee the police was caught after he blanked.


Dove dived into a fountain. Exactly Right. Oh, I just made that up. Specifically the Tre fountain, the famous fountain there. He dove into it and thought he would swim away from the police. Oh my gosh. It was a brilliant plan except for he swam. When he got to the other side, the police were already waiting for him because they just walked around the other outside of it. Bill, did Roy do well enough to win? We bowed down in Roy's presence. Seven. Right. 14 more points. 18 total Junior.


Greatest moment in my life. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict now that publishing has given up on paperbacks, what will be the next cost saving innovation in books. But first, let me tell you that, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago. An association with Urgent Haircut Productions is Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our limericks, our public address announcer as Paul Friedman, our tour manager. Shane Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Leaderman composer. Our theme, our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Gerbo and Lillian King. Special thanks to Mohaned Hy and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our Sasquatch Wrangler. Emma Ma Choi is our vibe curator. Our jolly good fellow is Hannah Anderson.


Technical directions from Lorna White. Her CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producers Ian Chill and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Michael Danforth now panel? How is the publishing industry gonna save money? Next Shantira Jackson, No spines, just tops and bottom covers so you can read everything like an accordion. Roy Blount Jr. They're Going to eliminate italics people. They did a study, they did a survey, and people just don't like 'em. People want to decide which words to emphasize on their own. And faith would you like to follow? That Books will be printed on Charmin And if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it here on Wait.


Wait, don't tell Me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks to here, Jackson Roy Blount Jr. And State Sally. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at the Tina Baker Theater in downtown Chicago. Thanks for all of you listening, wherever you might be. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast. Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't cried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card. The show where Cards Control the conversation.