
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From N NPR and WBEC Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Hey there, Chicago, forget about the DNC. I'm your BNC Bill Newscaster and here is your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thank You everybody. It's good to see you again. As everybody knows, the Democratic National Convention was here in Chicago This week and it was amazing. But we are glad that everybody from the coast has now left and those of us who live here can all stop pretending we eat that terrible deep dish pizza.


Guys, they fell for it again Later on. Actress Diane Lane is gonna play our game, but first it's your turn. If you'd like to play our games, The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi everyone. My name's Christine Price. I'm from Mapleton, Illinois. Hi Christine. What did you just call? You said everyone. Okay. I thought you called me Obiwan, which was weird. Good to have you with us, Christine. So What do you do there in Mapleton? Well, after 25 years of working in corporate, I'm on my second week of a career. Pause The second week of a career.


Pause. You didn't say retirement. So do you know what you're gonna do next? I think I'm just thinking about it. Mulling it over. You're mulling. Mulling is a fine occupation. I've been doing it for years. Well, Christine, welcome to our show. Let me introduce you to our panel first, A writer comedian whose dad band super spreader will be playing the UCLA tailgate party at the Rose Bowl, And He's so very proud. On Saturday, September 14th. It's Adam Felber. Hi Christine. Hey Kelly. Next. He's a correspondent for real citizen kate.com and we'll be appearing at the venue in Janesville on October 26th.


It's another Adam, it's Adam Burke. Hi Christine. Hey Adam. And a comedian and actor you might know as Honeybee on the Great North. She's also the author of Hello Friends, which could be a bestseller if y'all bless her. It's Dulce Sloan. Christine, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's bill this time? Bill Curtis is now gonna read for you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain two of them, you will win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose on your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I Am. All right. Here is your first quote Party people. Come on. Roll call party people. Come On. That was DJ Cassidy pumping up the crowd at what surprisingly energetic event This week.


That would be the Democratic National Convention. Yes. The DNC. Yeah. That's pretty much what it sounded like. Guys. Good imitation. Everyone is talking about the incredibly positive vibe at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago This week. Pretty much every speaker talked about joy. There were surprise, celebrity and musician appearances. And yes, the roll call had a dj. It was the most fun. America has had falling asleep to news coverage in years. Can I get whatever B12 slash meth combination? They gave Joe Biden on Monday. Ah baby. He had the energy of somebody who quit a job, but the job don't know yet.


My last day is Friday. They dunno, my last day is Friday, but my last day is Friday. Oh, he's stealing all the pens. I'm telling you, watch him when he leaves. He's got a box that's gonna be heavy as hell. They can frisk him for this silverware Now. It wasn't all just fun and joy. The Democrats made a very intentional effort to demonstrate diversity of all kinds. So for example, there were people in same sex marriages featured, there were blended families like Doug Moff and and Kamala Harris herself and polyamorous marriages like the Clintons. Wow. Some things don't change. Some things, you know, That's none of my business. They Didn't, It's a golden rule.


Mind your own man. Yeah, none of Business. Exactly. And and what was fun about the was fun about the roll call and they were like, I have a DJ for the roll call. It was the greatest roll call ever because among other things it featured a different song selected for every state and you know, DJ Cassidy, you know, it's, it's, it's easy. There's like two packs. California Love for California. There's Empire State of mind. There's who? Tupac. There You go. Yeah. That was it for me. That was for the edit. Alright, Thank You. Hey man. No, you said it like it was two political action committees. Yeah. Or like, or like, Or like how I buy my Twinkies. Yeah, I did listen, I did it so black Twitter don't find you.


I appreciate it. But you know, it was ama, they brought out all the stars. They had the Clintons, of course they had the Obamas speak, they had the Oprah and I noticed this. You did too. I bet we saw a really different side of Michelle Obama this time. Did we not? 'cause it has been eight long and difficult years since she said when they go low, we go high. This time she just came out and shouted, sweep The leg. Alright, Your next quote is from the New York Times. NASA has been reluctant to use the word stuck.


That was about two astronauts who are definitely stuck where? Gosh, I know it's out in space. I'm gonna say Mars, but It's, it's not, not as far as Mars. You said space. They're in space. I'll give it to you. They're on the International Space Station. They've already been stuck up there for three months after serious issues were detected on their Boeing Starliner spacecraft. The biggest Wait, something went wrong with a Boeing product. Well that, that, That was, that was the issue they detected. It was made by Boeing. Who knew nobody? They should have checked the label. Oh, we didn't read the side of the thing and, and it was a spirit flight.


So there's screwed. Yeah, I know. So Like the Russians just can't go get 'em. Well that's an interesting thing. Didn't They used to? They Yeah, we used, but the way it used to work is the Russians would provide basically a lift to and from the spaceship. And now we don't do that. We have SpaceX doing it. Thank You Elon and the SpaceX spaceships work fine. And I think there's even one up there. But here's the problem. Their spacesuits do not fit into the SpaceX. They're Do they clash? Is it like a fashion Thing? One color the bow. So the Boeing spacesuits do not plug into the SpaceX space Suit.


So you're saying this thing U-S-B-U-S-B-C issue Basically? Yes. You just get an adapter. I know you get an adapt, but they left The Dono on earth. Oh, it's so frustrating. They should, they're gonna have to send the SpaceX thing back to get the Dongle. Dongle. Yeah, I know there's an interesting connection to us. One of the astronauts who is stuck, Sonny Williams appeared on our show when we went to Houston in 2015. So we are pretty pleased to know that we are no longer the most terminable experience she's ever Endured. Your last quote is from a woman who took Harry Potter broomstick writing lessons in England. My husband was literally mortified That woman was talking to the Wall Street Journal and a new piece that found the key to happiness may be being a what?


Hmm. I'm not sure You listen to NPR. What do you think you are? What kind of Well, I'll, I'll just, I you one more hand. What kind of person would be driven to go actually take Harry Potter broomstick riding lessons? How would you describe this? I Be be a witch. Well, since you've already won, I'll give it to you. The answer is super fans. Uber fans like total nerds for something. Right. The the journal says that people who are super fans, and it could be anything from Harry Potter or Taylor Swift, anything, they all may be much happier than the rest of us in the long run. See Honey, my 700 collectible figure of Boba Fe isn't worthless. After all This was originally published in the American Journal of Hopeful Dweebs.


Yeah, exactly. Here's the thing, we all know this, that people need a sense of community and belonging to be happy. And and this is something that people used to get from like church and religious communities, but people don't do that anymore. Now they're getting into fandom, which means that the churches maybe should get into it. Maybe like have cosplay, right? Oh, your, Your costume is amazing. You're the, you're the healed leper from Luke five 12. Right. Also the church absolutely has cosplay. Have you seen the Pope? That's actually true. Do you know how long it took him to make that outfit? I don't Know if that's cosplay. If you actually are the character.


He is the character Bill. How did Christine do in our quiz? Two Outta three. So she is a winner. Take that shot. Thank You Christine. Congratulations on your wonderful life change and I hope you end up being whatever you want to be. Take care. Thank You. You as well. Thank You. Right now panel time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Yeah. Adam Burke, a new report says that more and more divorce lawyers are being asked to not only help people split up people's cash and their property, they're also trying to help determine who might get what in divorce cases.


Is it like the friends, like friend groups? No good friends? No. Can I get a clue? Sure. I mean, how can you start a new life as a single person if you lose your status on United? Oh, like, oh, so like po like points like Yeah. Frequent flyer miles, airline points. Yes. According to the Washington Post, more and more couples are fighting over their airline miles and the status that comes with it in their divorces. Does that mean that couples are gonna have like an awkward conversation with an airline pilot? Like, we love you very much and we're still both gonna see you. I don't understand why you both can't fly on my plane like you always did. And Apparently if you can't, like if you call up an airline to ask 'em, well, can you just take all those points and just split 'em into accounts?


They, they can't do it. It's incredibly complicated. Delta charges a penny a mile and a $30 processing fee to do it. So you pay real money for the fake money you got by spending real money. And This is why those astronauts are stuck on the Space Station because they're Adam Miles. Oh, I mean, yeah, I will say, I will say there is a delicious irony. If you lost all those miles you accrued while cheating on your wife, it's Yeah. Or your husband women can cheat too. Coming up. It's not delivery. It's de bluff the listener. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Throughline podcast from NPR


Cell Phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Adam Felber, Adam Burke, and Doul say Sloan and hearing at your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Everybody. Ladies and gentlemen, right now it's time for the Wait, Wait, don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air. Or you can check out the pinned post on our Instagram page. That's at waitwait npr Hi, you're on Waitwait. Don't tell me. Hey, this is Eric from Superior Colorado.


And I always ask, you're Coloradan, do you do all the Colorado things? Are you outside? Are you hiking? Are you skiing? Are you risking your life in amusing ways? Yes, actually, in the most amusing way, I'm a paraglider. A Paraglider. Wow. What is the difference between a paraglider and a hang glider? I've always wondered, Yeah, absolutely hang gliders like more of a stiffer wing, whereas the paraglider is kind of like a big canopy parachute type Of thing. That sounds thrilling. Well then you'll have no problem. I think taking this daring risk of playing the game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Eric's topic Drama at Romans pizzeria. So something crazy happened quite recently at Romans pizzeria in Miami Springs, Florida.


And the craziest thing is it doesn't even involve an alligator. Our panelists are gonna tell you all about this hubbub at Romans pizzeria. Pick the real one. You'll win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Sounds good. Let's do it. Alright, first let's hear from Adam Felber. 40 years of serving up delicious pizza to the good people of Miami Springs. And suddenly Jesus Roman found himself a pariah. Horrible reviews of Roman Pizzeria were starting to appear on Yelp as people complained about bad pizza, grossed pizza, uncooked pizza. What was going on was he cursed and then someone showed him a Roman Pizzeria flyer, which looked legit until he noticed it had the wrong phone number on it.


And that's when Jesus Roman called the police. It turned out that a 55-year-old grifter named Jose Marti Alvarez had printed up the bogus flyers with the bogus number, dropping them off at the local hotels and was taking bogus orders and distributing bogus, disgusting pizzas to tourists if he delivered them at all. Although the fraudulent pizza maker is now behind bars, Roman isn't holding a grudge against the crime, only against the pizza. He says quote, at least if you're going to do something, do it right. A imposter starts ruining the reputation of the pizzeria by actually selling bad pizzas in their name.


Your next story of Adobe drama comes from Dolce Sloan. Gianni Yaya. Gia Melo has been making pizza at Roman's pizzeria for 18 years. Yaya prides himself of being an old school Italian. So when customers started asking for gluten-free pies because they have Celiac's disease, he truly had no idea what they were talking about. Customers were coming in here talking about they have Similac. What's baby formula gotta do with my pizza pies? Gianni's son Geo explained celiac to his father and how lucrative having gluten-free pies could be. It's a scam. They just need to toughen up.


Gianni learned very quickly that it indeed was not a scam and so did the plumbing of his restaurant. Customer after customer had embarrassing moments because the gluten-free pizzas were in fact full of gluten. All the gluten, gluten with cheese on top after $5,000 plumbing bill in Newbury's, bad Yelp reviews. Gianni had to face the truth. Come on, I'm supposed to believe a grown adult can't have regular old flower. What kind of hippie dippy Bs is that? Hey, they tried to sell gluten-free pizza, but they decided it really shouldn't be gluten-free and they thus suffered the results.


Your last saucy gossip thumbs from Adam Burke. Pineapple on pizza is divisive most places, perhaps nowhere as much as Miami Springs, Florida there. Roman Gazo of Roman's pizza was serving his famous p pinata pizza, a cheese pizza with extra pineapple when he found himself confronted with a cease and desist order from the Department of Health. I thought it was a joke, says Gatso. As it turns out, he was half right as Florida legislature. Marcia Arlo explains, as a state senator, I noticed that people were slipping all sorts of bizarre amendments into bills and I suspected none of my colleagues were actually reading the laws they were voting for.


So when the SB 1 9 4 5 C Health bill came up, I added some verbiage that made it illegal to add pineapple to pizza to see if anyone would notice. And Roman Gazo has an idea as to who might have knocked on him. I'm pretty sure it was those jerks over at Napoli Pizza who reported me. They love reading health bills almost as much as they hate pineapple on pizza while Gazo fights the ordinance Arru adds thing is it's not even the stupidest law on the books in Florida. Alright, So something bad happened in Romans pizzeria in Miami Springs, Florida. Was it from Adam Felber that somebody delivered imposter pizzas to tourists all over the neighborhood until he was finally nabbed?


Was it from Dolce Sloan? Romans Pizza decided to serve gluten-free pizza according to the man. But then to decide, you know, not to or from Adam Burke, did they get closed down because they unknowingly violated a real law prohibiting the serving of pineapple on pizza. Which of these things happened in the news? Oh, it had to be Florida where anything's possible. It's true, but it's almost not fair, is it? I know, I think I'm gonna go with the impersonator. You're gonna choose Adam's story about the guy who impersonated for quite a while. Romans pizzerias. Well, here's some evidence of the real story.


Tourists say their food showed up, undercooked missing items and sometimes the charges felt unfair. That was Larry Seward from CBS News Miami, who reported on the real story of one Man's Pizza scam. Congratulations Eric. You got it right. You Earned a point for Adam just for telling the truth. The divorce you have won our our prize. The voice of anyone you may choose. And before we move on, I just wanna give a shout out to this imposter who decided that even though he was pretending to be pizzeria, he was not, he still delivered pizzas to the people he was ripping off because they had paid for the pizzas. Honest man, you gotta love it. Thank You so much for giving us a call and playing our games.


Take care. Thank You. And now the game where we ask people about things they know nothing about. We call it not my job. Diane Lane was just 13 years old when she was cast as the lead in her first movie opposite Sir Lawrence Olivier. But she had already been acting professionally since the age of six. Since then she's had almost 80 roles in film and tv most recently in FXs Feud, Capote Vs. The Swans, which got her an Emmy nomination for best supporting actors in the limited series.


Diane Lane, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. So great to have you here. You started in the experimental theater in downtown New York in the early seventies at the age of six, which is both unexpected, impressive and weird. How does a 6-year-old get involved in the theater at La Mama, et cetera, this legendary experimental theater company downtown? Yes. Yes. And Ellen Stewart Yes. Was basically, I called her the Ellis Island of Global Theater. I mean she, she imported, she exported.


We traveled the world and my parents weren't even there. I mean, they weren't part of the tours and nobody could really believe that a 7-year-old was just part of the circus. Yeah. Well, what did your parents think of that and what did you think of that at the age of seven? Was it like, well, well of course you tour Europe and go to Amsterdam with without Your Parents. Yes. Yeah, Amsterdam was on the map for sure. You know, I'm still in therapy about it. No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. The world was a different place then. It was, it was. You know, I, I wound, there was no airport security. We didn't need it.


I remember getting off the plane and running into my mother's arms and around my neck could have been anything, but it was a five pound, well, maybe a two pound tortoise. And I had brought it on the river sun in Paris. 'cause back in the day they sold animals by the river in Paris. Don't ask. So you came off the plane, you're seven years old, you're just coming back from a tour of Europe and doing experimental theater. You give your mother a tortoise, you hold the tortoise after your mother and your mother says what? He shrieked this and I had that turtle for years. His name was George and he was the, he Yes.


Turned out George was female. Did you know that the bottom side of a tortoise will reveal the gender because the male have a slight indentation curve so that they can mount the female. Oh, Do you know what I love? I love that tortoise Lied to me. I love the idea of you being on the set of your first big movie, A Little Romance with Sir Lawrence Olivier and you telling him stories like this. And Lawrence Olivier then in his own seventies was probably sitting there going, whoa, this lady's been around. It's adorable. I I was much more two ears, one mouth around. Lord Larry, I I I can imagine you, you as apparently every actor is now contractually obligated, have, have played a cartoon, a comic book character in your case.


Sure. In your case, more comic book character adjacent. But you've played the mother of Superman, Martha Kent. Yes. Martha Kent, famously. And this was in the, there's been so many Supermans. This was the Henry Henry iterations. Yeah. Yeah. This was the Henry Cavel Superman. Right? Okay. Yes. Yeah. Yes. You said you're like, okay. Was that his name? Okay. Yes. So how have you found after all the other things you've done after being a well-known person, you, you had your brat pack period and all these other periods to be like a, a star at Comic-Con. Oh gosh, I have, I am such an introvert. I, I don't know how I would handle that. So You've never been, you, you didn't have to do that. You didn't have to go to Comic-Con and all the Superman fans were like, No, it was like having an epidural.


I just dodged You slept her. I dodged it. I did. I chickened out. I I was just those crowds they make me, I have Haida as my friends say. Haida, you have Haida as they say in New York. I, how can a shy person be constantly on screen? Isn't that weird? Yes. I told you my therapist is rich. So the the latest project you're in, it's a TV show. It is remarkable. It is called a feud. It's about a, a very real situation in New York society in the sixties and seventies when Truman Capote, who was a big guy in New York society, wrote a book that enraged his society.


Friends of whom you are One Slim Keith I portrayed Slim Keith. Slim Keith, who was a real person. Yes. Socialite extraordinaire. A real maven, a real connector of other people. I don't know. I think of them as sort of sassy pants. Sassy pants, people sa Sass, sassy pants people, sassy pants people. That's what, that's what Truman Capote called them. And that's what made them so mad. You've been promoting this TV show all week and you've been asked about it and answering questions as you've done for us it be Yes. Before we move to the game, is there anything else you'd like to talk about? Is it, I I don't feel safe suddenly. Oh, this is, this is a Safe space. This is a safe space.


This is totally a safe space. If there is anything on your mind. Diane Lane, would You like to talk About more about the underside of turtles, for example, you seemed energized and excited if you would like to tell us more about the sex life of turtles, Sex, life of turtles. That's not my expertise. I, I, no, I'm, I'm open to talking pretty much about anything. I'm starting to sweat now, but that's okay. No, that's okay. Alright, well we actually have something for you to talk about because we have invited you here to play a game that we're calling Swan versus Swan. So as we've established in the TV series, you play one of the society ladies that Truman Capote called Swan.


So we thought we'd ask you about actual swans, the water fountain, The bird, The bird. Answer two to three questions about swans correctly, you'll win our prize. One of our listeners, any voice they might choose on their voicemail. So Bill, who is Diane Lane playing for Ryan McGee of Prescott, Arizona, Are you ready to do this? Sure. Okay, here's your first question. Swans are notoriously temperamental, but one pair of swans had to be forcibly removed from a lake in Austria because they kept doing what? A honking the melody of Abba's dancing Queen B pooping on every single couple that were trying to take engagement photos at the lake or C attacking anyone who got near their nest, which didn't have any eggs.


Just a bunch of red solo cups. Oh it's gotta be C, It is C. These swans A Apparently had mistaken these cups for their eggs and would attack anyone ferociously who dared to approach them. That was very good. And I liked your instincts. You know your animals as we have established. Here's next. Now probably the most famous swan is of course the ugly duckling right from the beloved children's story. Spoiler alert, I'm sorry. Wow. Just cut right to the end There. That's the story of course that teaches kids that everyone is beautiful in their own way and you shouldn't accept the judgment of others.


In the original version of the story, the ugly duckling is finally approached by a group of regal swans ready to claim him as their own. What is the first thing the ugly duckling says to them? A quote, finally a family of my own B quote. And this is why no one should ever be judged in their appearance alone. Or C quote, kill me. Aw, well I I I believe it's A but B is fun too. Let's go with A It was actually C. Yeah. Thankfully the swans did not exceed to the ducklings request, which is shocking giving what we know about swans.


Alright, you've gotten one, right? You have one go. If you get this right, you win. Yours is not the only TV show that we have had with Swans in the title Back in 2004, Fox broadcast a show called The Swan. What was that? Show's premise. A it was just a remake of everybody Loves Raymond, but replaced Ray Romano with a live swan. A reality competition in which self-proclaimed ugly ducklings are given lots of plastic surgery until at the end one is judged the most beautiful. Or see a documentary show that just shows the daily life of Bucky, a swan that lives in a pond in New Rochelle, New York.


Wow. I want, I want sea to be true, but I'm gonna go with Bee anyway Because that's the world we live in, isn't it? Yes, that's what it was. The Swan, which apparently was very popular, still only lasted one season because it was kind of gross. Bill, how did Diane Lane do in our quiz? Two outta three? Diane, that is a win in our case. Congratulations. And let me say since you have an Emmy nomination for your show, swans, may I say, I hope this is not the last thing you win this year.


Ah, Thank You. Diane Lane is an Emmy nominee for her role as Slim Keith and FXs Feud Capote vs. The Swans. You can stream the whole series on Hulu now. It is remarkable. Diane Lane, Thank You so much for joining us on. Yay. Yay. Well good luck and you Know, we see you around. Take care. Bye-bye. In just a minute, a listener at Limerick Challenge. That's as far from Ohio as you can get.


Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me. From NBR, Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime a podcast from NPR and WBUR Wanna know what's happening in the world, listen to the State of the World podcast Every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe.


In just a few minutes you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we are already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz.


I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Adam Burke, Adam Felber, and Dulce Sloan. And here we get is your host at the Stu Baker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. In just a minute, Bill's pet snail leaves a trail of rhyme. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4 Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Mr. Adam Felber. Ah, that's me. That is you. The conservative party of Canada recently put out a video called Canada our home with a narrator describing the wonderful images of Canada that you get to see. But there's a small problem with the video.


What was it? It wasn't Canada Exactly right. Almost none of it was in fact Canada. It's a, it's a video tour, like I said, of the glories of Canada. Oh no wait, it's actually a video tour of all the places that were apparently better looking than Canada. Oh, They're just looking for stuff to apologize for. There Really are. All of this is true. The suburban Canadian dad featured in it. North Dakotan dad, the Canadian farmers, Ukrainian farmers, the Canadian built homes were being built in Slovenia. The Canadian fighter jets were Russian. And most amazingly, and this is true, a shot of the majestic foothills of the Canadian Rockies was filmed in Indonesia. Why? Because they got conned, bro. That's what happened.


We Don't know how it happened. The conservative party guy who did this like didn't notice. Like he was like, oh wow, I never knew the Eiffel Tower was in Ottawa. Well what the Heck press post. Those aren't Canadian dinosaurs. Wait a minute. I know a Canadian dinosaur when I see one. And that is not a maple source. Adam Felber. As the cost of planning a wedding keeps climbing, couples are turning to a new strategy to pay for them. What is that strategy? Having their guests Pay for that. That's exactly right. Charging guests to come to their wedding Couples apparently all over the country are asking their guests to pay to attend their wedding.


And not just in the, well you have to buy a plane ticket in a hotel room and a dress way. But in a, there's a $300 cover charge way. It seems tacky. Okay. It's less tacky than a cash bar. It's way tackier than a cash bar. Well How about a cash bar with a three drink minimum? Tell me that's tackier. Listen, if I'm paying $450 for you to get married, yes you can't get divorced. That would be true. You Owe me a refund. Exactly. Wouldn't that be if You get divorced? I want my money back.


It's only Fair. I think you're right. There should be a contract to that effect. Absolutely. If I pay to sit in here and eat this weird chicken breast, then there's no way. Alright About chicken. How about if they don't give you a refund? 'cause they don't have the cash, but they give you some airline miles that they don't know what else To do. They never had the cash. That's why I'm paying four 50 for these goofy monkeys to get married.


Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But at first it is the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see as most weeks right here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. And come see the Wait, Wait standup tour and that will be in for Lauderdale or Orlando? Tampa and Atlanta. September 5th through the eighth doing tickets and more information. Go to npr presents.org and this is great. You can find wait waits, dispatches, daily dispatches from behind the scenes at the DNC in the Wait, Wait podcast feed. Seriously, they gave us press credentials. Wow. It's true. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait.


Don't tell me. Hi Peter. Hi. Who's this? This is Laverne Council in Great Falls, Virginia. Great Falls, Virginia. That's awesome. And What do you do there? I am like really cool and I lead a hundred percent woman owned, small petite consulting firm. That's awesome. I like the fact that you are, I just like the fact that you just led with the important part. You're a hundred percent cool. Well Laverne, it is great to have you here. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two of the limericks, you will be a winner. Here is your first Limmer. If you wanna lower Hansel and Gretzel, this new scent is as good as it zel.


Yes. Try anti Anns in a lovely spray can. It's a perfume that smells like a Bretzel Pretzel. Yes. Anti Anns pretzels is making its very own fragrance. So wherever you go you can evoke the feeling of being stuck at an airport. We are told the perfume has notes of baking dough, butter and teenage employee. Girl, I'm gonna really? Yes. Listen. First of all, I'm a plus-sized human being, so I always make sure I don't smell like food. That's just low hanging fruit. You're not gonna get me like that. You see what I'm saying? Also, auntie ain't even good.


You don't think So li Listen, it's a trap because they, it smells like butter and then you get it and it tastes like nothing. Yeah, but what if it smells like butter and you get it and it, it's a person. What? That's why I'm against this perfume Now. Oh, then woke up. I hear you. Okay, I got it. Got got it. Who asked for this now if it was, if it was sim button. There you go. Go. Now we're Talking. Hey, you're cooking with gas now. Very good. Here is your next limerick. You did well with that one. Try this one. When I've had my last go round the sun and my toils and troubles are done.


I won't be a sad quitter. I'll have bright lights and glitter. I'm making my funeral. It rhymes. It's a simple rhyme. It rhymes with sun and done. It's also, it's also in the word funeral. That's true. It's in the road. Fun. Fun. Yes. Good. Hate it. Hip and modern funeral homes are popping up in Britain for people who wouldn't be caught dead having a funeral. That's not on trend. There's there's one. Oh, you got 1980. Slow clap on that one. I know. One franchise called Exit Here.


Wow. Offers no offers. Colorful urns and coffins because who doesn't want to be the it girl in the graveyard? I just want a second line. That's all I want. Yeah. E. Everyone's having a good time at my funeral till they find out I'm charging them 350. Somebody gotta pay. Pay for all this Irish food. You know you're in trouble when you say I, I'm thinking of charging PE $50 for my funeral and somebody says, I'll pay 400. Here is your last Limerick Online memes. Put some shame in our game.


'cause Ohio's a blame worthy name. Just think Florida man with more cringe. If you can. Ohio means riskless and Dang Say say no. Well you know what? You've already won. I'll give it to you. It is lame. Ohio means riskless and lame. What if somebody has ever told you, yeah, this is true. If somebody has ever told you, whoa, you look so Ohio. Bad news buddy. That sucks. Oh man. According to the Wall Street Journal, which to which to which we always turn to explain Youth Ohio is the current slang term to mean quote weird cringey or random, which is rude To Ohio.


Have they never seen, for example, the Majestic, Cuyahoga River Valley or the other wonderful parts of Ohio that I am certain exist? People are using phrases like only in Ohio, which means something is uncool or, and this phrase actually appeared in the Wall Street Journal. Gibby, Ohio. Riz a term that here means I can't believe I got the Wall Street Journal to print Skiddy Ohio. Riz, somebody lied to their dad, bro. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. That's exactly what somebody lied to their dad. Indiana's gotta feel like they dodged the bullets. Absolutely.


Indiana's real quiet. Yeah, those lame guys over there in Ohio. Bill. Bill, how did Laverne do on our quiz? Laverne, You still won with two out of three coming. That's not Ohio at all. Congratulations Laverne. And you're right now you are 110% Cool. Alright, Take care. On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't cried yet.


I Guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards control the conversation. Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts At.


NPRs pop culture Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR. Now on to our final game, lightning Fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the score? I can. Adam Burke and Dolce each have two and Adam Felber has three. All right. So Adam and Dolce are tied for second. I'm gonna say, Adam, why don't you go first.


Here we go. The clock will start, but they begin. Your first question, fill in the blank. On Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled that Arizona could enforce their proof of citizenship law for blank registration. Voting right. On Wednesday, Russia accused Ukraine of launching the largest ever blank strike on Moscow drone. Yes. Monday the WHO confirmed the first case of a dangerous strain of blank outside of Africa. Ebola, No MPOs This week. Police in New Jersey say they're looking for a woman who went to her local zoo and scaled the fence so she could blank Like pet a gorilla. So close a Bengal tiger And she was black. It was crazy. On, on Tuesday, Ford announced it was scrapping plans for an all blank line of SUVs.


Electric. Right. On Thursday, the FDA announced plans for a new blank booster to be released as soon A vaccine. Like a Covid Vaccine. Yeah. Covid booster. Yes. This week a man in Spain is being investigated after he damaged a 6,000 year old cave painting in an effort to blank. Make it look better. Yes. So we could post it on Facebook. Facebook, Facebook. Facebook. He was an older guy. Oh, authorities are. That's so Ohio. Yeah. I mean, come on. If it was on Facebook, he could have been the original artist. Am I right? Authorities are accusing the man of potentially causing irreparable harm to the cave paintings while trying to make them look better for the Facebook photo.


He wanted to post. Oh God. And Will everybody agrees that you should not be desecrating millennia old art. You gotta admit the racing stripes he drew on the horses look cool as hell. Bill, how did Adam Burke do on our quiz? He got five, right? 10 more points total to 12. And add them. You enjoy the lead. Okay. Dual. Say you're up next. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, the White House emphasized the urgency of a ceasefire deal in blank Gaza. Right. On Monday it was confirmed that a hacker group had stolen almost 3 billion blank numbers. Social Security. That's right. This week divers continue to look for the victims of a blank wreck off the coast of Sicily Yacht.


Yeah. Yacht rec a super yacht. In fact, according to a new study, reducing red meek intake lowers the risk of type two blank Davit. Yes. An apartment complex in Texas charged a woman $15,000 claiming she broke her lease by blanking, Living her life. No, quite the opposite. She broke her lease by dying. On Thursday it was announced that Olympian and Pommel horse specialist Steven roic would appear in the next season of Blank. Got some reality show. That's correct. But it's Dancing with the Stars. Specifically. After two years of marriage, blank filed for divorce again from Ben Affleck. Oh, Jennifer Lopez. Yes. This week a Minnesota man was arrested after his attempted armed robbery of a liquor store.


Was foiled by blank. A good guy with a gun? No. By the owner's 8-year-old daughter hitting him in the crotch with a baseball bat. This property directed by John Hughes. Right. Wait. So this little girl went full America's Funniest Home video with this man. Exactly. That led my, my, my Friends is Minnesota nice. The store's owner is praising his daughter for her heroism after she defended him from the would be robber using a baseball bat hidden behind the counter. It's a great story. And Marks the first time in baseball history that getting two balls is also considered a home run.


So Bill, how did Dulce do in our quiz? She got five rights. 10 more points. Total of 12 tied for the lead. So how many then does Adam Felber need to win? Five to win? Here we go, Adam. This is for the game. On Monday, the governor of Connecticut declared a state of emergency. After storms brought dangerous blanks to that area, winds, floods. Oh wow. This week the US increased its military presence in the Middle East citing a potential attack by blank Iran. Yes. This week Florida's official tourism website removed their entire blank travel section Coastal L-G-B-T-Q. This week, a woman was arrested at an Indiana Applebee's because she thought that their $15 99 cent, all you can eat, deal blanked, Applied to her whole Group.


That's exactly right. According to a new study, two thirds of blank food sold in the US does not meet nutritional standards. Two thirds of kids' food. Yeah, Baby food. For the first time ever, Starbucks brought their beloved blank latte back to the menu in August. Pumpkins. Yes. Pumpkin Spice. After falling during a Shakespearean performance, Ian McKellen credits blank for protecting him from more significant injuries. His fat suit. That's right. Adam. Sir Ian was playing false staff. Sir Ian was playing false after Shakespeare character known for being zoic as Shakespeare put it, and the extra padding that McKellan was wearing protected his, you know, ribs and torso when he fell into the audience.


Even though he's okay with the injuries he, he endured McKellan had to drop outta the show, but says he'll return to the stage. Just assumed someone writes a play about a man completely encased in bubble around. Bill. Did Adam Felber do well enough to win? At first, it looks like he came to a tie. Five, right. 10 more points, but with a few already racked up. He has 13 and the wind. This week In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict what will the janitors find in the corners of the United Center in Chicago when they clean up after the DNC.


But first, let me tell you that. Wait, Wait. Don't tell Me's a production of NPR NWB, easy Z Chicago and Association with Urgent Hair Care Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shane odonnell. Thanks to the staff and coup at the Studio Baker Theater, BJ a Leaderman composer. Our theme, our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Rambo and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is stuck in space. Emma Choi is our vibe. Curator. Technical direction is Lorna White. Special thanks This week to Gary Yak, who stepped in heroically. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Ock and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell me, is typhoid Mikey Danforth. Now panel, what will the janitors at the DNC find now that everybody has gone away?


Adam Felber. They're gonna find in the corner the political hopes and dreams of JD Vance. Dolce Sloan. Jimmy Hotfoot. That's where he was. Adam Burke. They're gonna find Joe Biden. 'cause when the Democratic Party moves on, they move on. Well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't Tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis, thanks also to Dolce Sloan, Adam Burke and Adam Feller, all the Adam, thank all the Adam. Thanks to our fabulous audience here at the Studio Theater who came out to see us.


Thanks to everybody who's listening, wherever you may be. I am Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. Minneapolis, Minnesota. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Hash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply.