
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz filling in for Bill Curtis. I'm the voice so buttery. You need extra napkins, chichi ants. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You j Thank You everybody. Yes, it's great to see you too. Great to be with you. We have A fabulous show for you all today. Later on, we're gonna be talking to the musician Mxmtoon, who has become hugely popular performing her music online.


Basically she is to the internet. What Bruce Springsteen is to New Jersey. And we want to hear your hit. So Give us a call and play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you on Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Daniel calling from St. Paul, Minnesota. I love St. Paul. One of my favorite places we have, we have some people who came down for the warmth of Chicago. What do you do there? I'm a plant biology PhD student here at the University of Minnesota, which I was delighted to hear. Shouted out last week by Rose. Yes, Yes.


Rose mad. Our guest became an accidental supporter of the University of Minnesota where she wore one of your shirts on her TV special. Is everybody at the University of Minnesota talking about that? It just, the buzz of the campus. Well, I'm, I, I'm a PhD student and I work with, you know, professors and we all obviously listen to NPR so some of them are, but Right, Exactly. So, but basically what you're saying is you're a PhD plant biology student. You don't talk to anybody. Well, yeah. He talks to his plants. Exactly. Yes, I do. Yeah. Well, welcome to the show, Daniel. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First a contributor to CBS Sunday morning. It's Faith Salie. Hi Daniel. Hi, faith Next a comedian headlining the Laughing Tap in Milwaukee, March 20th through the 22nd, and at the Gramercy in New York City on May 29, fifth.


Hurry, come to Blu. Hey Daniel. And you can see her February 8th in Glendale, California at the Alex Theater. And hear her just about every week on the podcast. And nobody listens to Paula Poundstone. It's Paula Poundstone. Daniel. Paula. So Daniel, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's Oke this time, c Ayson filling in four. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose on your voicemail. You ready to play? Absolutely. Alright. Your first quote is from the governor of the great state of Louisiana. I Hope everyone is safe and warm at home with a big pot of gumbo.


What rare weather event are the people of Louisiana dealing with This week? Well, I, I guess it's rare for Louisiana, but it's not rare for me in Minnesota. Right. I'm guessing the answer is snow. Yes. Snow. Yes. You and me and all the other northerners were laughing as we looked at New Orleans covered in snow. They warned us the weather would get weird. It has a cold front moved across the south, dumping a record breaking 10 inches of snow on New Orleans. But the party goes on, right? It always does. There on Bourbon Street, you take off your shirt, you get beads and frostbite.


I, I was thinking this happened a little too early. 'cause if it, if it happened during Mardi Gras, it could be like that ring toss, right? You take off your shirt and you'd, you'd throw the beads and they just boom. They just stay. If you had a good toss, You, I have no idea what you're referring to, faith. But I, I mean, can you imagine what's going on in the city right now? All the drunken bachelorette parties staggering into stores to buy everybody emergency Uggs. Usually when there's this much snow in New Orleans, it's going up people's noses. Am I right? Everybody? Mardi Gras. Yeah. Haha. It's the first time, at least in modern memory, snow has come to that city down there on the Gulf of America.


The big easy, more like the big freeze. I had written it down and I didn't want to give it up. I Appreciate that. I support you And, and Daniel, you'll appreciate this. If somebody lives in Minnesota, I live in Chicago, nothing is more fun than watching people in a state that never gets snow trying to deal with snow. It's great. They're out there with like whisk brooms and spatulas. Do you think they spell it? S-N-E-A-U-X. There y'all. We got snow, snow, snow. We got some snow Now. Daniel, Daniel, your next quote is somebody who launched a new social movement for January.


Why am I grumbling right now? And is it necessary? So That person, she's based in Belgium, she's started this movement, which asking people to not do what for the whole month of January. Oh my, it's not dry January. 'cause that's been a thing for a while, Right? It is. So this is a new this dry, but you are on the right track. Dry January means no wine. This means no whining. Oh, Not Complaining. Not complaining. Yes. Welcome everybody to no complaining January. You've heard of dry January. Now a social campaign movement out of Belgium and the Netherlands has banned complaining for the entire month.


It's a great idea. And whoever decided to pair it with the month that I also gave up alcohol genius. This no complaining business feels ageist. Yeah. Really? Because, because what am my parents supposed to do? That's what they're retired. They're in their seventies. They complain, they watch TV and they talk behind each other's backs to their children. Really? Well you're gonna ban that too. Now. We're not gonna do that. We're going, talking Behind each other's backs strikes me as another sort of subset of complaining, right? Because they're not calling you up and going, hurry your father. He's so wonderful. Oh, right. No, no, no, no. You're right. One and three are the same.


Exactly. Well, you know, on the other hand, I mean, it would be a good exercise to just spend one month trying to look on the bright side of whatever happens to you. So you're like, you know, some of these bankruptcy judges, they're really nice, for example, although the real problem, why These, these extra pounds really fill out my pounds? Exactly. Now you've got It. I've never noticed how interesting the inside roof of an ambulance is now that I can stare at it for a while. I mean, that's what I mean. It's really cold out, but I didn't want those balls anyways.


Alright here Daniel is your last quote. It's called Boomer Asking If You Do It, stop. Now, that was from a Wall Street Journal article on Boomer asking, which is the latest trend in conversation. They're noting and condemning. It's Boomerang asking. And what that is is when you ask someone a question, just so they will do what? Just so they'll like ask you the question again and then you Do it. Yeah. Ask you exactly. Ask you the same question. Right. So Boomer asking is the term that was just invented for asking someone a question, not because you were interested in their answer, but just because you want them to ask you that question so you can tell 'em what you want.


Tell 'em. It was in the Wall Street Journal. Do you guys read that every day panel? Because I don't know, Peter, do you read the Wall Street? Why? As a matter of fact, I do. Yeah, there you go. Very good. That's Boomer asking. We just demonstrated it. I thought Boomer asking is when you ask your parents who are boomers, like, Hey, did you know the flashlight on on your phone? Did you take your statin? I thought, or, and or when your father asks you if you've watched Yellowstone yet. So I could go up to somebody and be like, have you heard of Hari Klu? I'm Hari Klu. That's not exactly it.


Well, I'm gonna do it anyway. You can, you can say the Wall Street Journal told you it was okay. Right. You know, Peter, the truth is, the Boomer asking thing would never work on me. Why? Why? 'cause if somebody asked me how I was, I would just keep telling them. That's true. I I have a tendency, I I, it's, I'm one of the most selfish people I've ever been in my life. If, if someone comes to my house, which they rarely do because I'm very selfish, but if someone comes to my house, you know, I'll be eating and drinking the whole time they're there. I'll have a soda, I'll eat some chips. And it's not until they're on the way out the door that I realize, oh geez. Did you want anything to eat? I just really It would, it would be weird if you're like, if you realize your therapist is doing this and all along, All along, All along, she's just wanted you to ask her about her mother.


Yeah. What are your big feelings? Exactly. Chichi. How did Daniel do in our quiz? Can't complain. Hey, There you Go. Daniel got all three rights. Congratulations Daniel. Nice work, Daniel. Thank You. Right now a panel that is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Faith, the New York Times offered a new way to experience local culture while traveling. Just do what? Just so it's something like, when in Rome, act like a Native. Yes. When in Rome, When do This women in Rome try to speak that language, even if you don't know how. No, Nope. Well, as they say in France, I'm loving it.


Oh gosh. Go to McDonald's. Yes. A what? Go to McDonald's. A travel writer points out that while Americans usually seek out, you know these out of the way, authentic local cafes in a foreign country. All the people who live there eating at McDonald's to get away from the tourists at the authentic cafes. Right. He Said, so you'll find the locals at the local McDonald's. That's what He says. He says, it's a great way to meet just normal people who live where you're visiting. This is McDonald's propaganda. There's no way the New York Times has been paid off by McDonald's. I'm gonna say it right now. Yeah. Was there, okay. The guy who, the the travel guy. Travel Guy, Is he kind of tall with red hair And big feet very pale skin?


No, he's, He points out that, you know, we've had, they've had McDonald's as long as we've had things like Chinese and Thai restaurants. So why aren't there? Why can't we say those restaurants over there are just a part of their culture? And they do have the french fries. They do. They do. And of course, you know, there are variations in the menus from country to country and India. It's all vegetarian for example. Huh. Plus it's so fun to walk in and be like, tell me here in your country, what does your grimace look like? I mean, if you're really trying to meet the locals, why not go to their DMV? You know, that's actually a pretty good question.


Very Good. Why not just cut off your hand and spend some time in their medical system Coming up. Strap on your tool belts. It's a DIY bluff listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Climate Change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WUR are


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson. We're playing This week with Paula Poundstone. Hurry, come to Blu and Faith Salie. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You ggi. Thank You everybody. Yes. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air. Or you can always check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR r hire you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, my name is Savannah Morello and I'm calling from Odin, Maryland. Oh, I love Maryland. What do you do there?


I'm a fermentation scientist. You are what? A fermentation scientist. Not the fun kind of fermentation that that we all enjoy. I make like nutritional lipids and, and algae and stuff like that. Wow. Nothing exciting. Wow. So when you, when you like went to science school, you said, I wanna do fermentation, but not the fun kind. Yeah, I think, I think there was too much alcohol and then I, I checked the wrong fermentation box. Always a mistake. Well, welcome to the show Savannah. You're gonna play our game in which you have to tell truth from fiction jokey. What is Savannah's topic? Do it yourself. Why have something done well when you could do it yourself instead, our panelists are gonna tell you about somebody who did a surprising do it yourself project This week with interesting results.


Pick the one who's telling the truth and you can win the wait waiter of your choice in your voicemail. Are you ready to play? I'm ready. Let's go. Well, first, let's hear from Hari Knda Blu Park Ranger. Nikki Fisher has overseen Abraham Lincoln's boyhood home in southern Indiana for 20 years, but recently visitor numbers have dwindled. Three months ago, ranger Nikki decided to take things into her own hands. Quote, there's always videos of traffic in Yellowstone because people are gaga over some elk people. They're just fancy deer. So after sending a thousand dollars to a company called No Questions Asked Animals Direct Online, Nikki bought a herd of elk and planted them right in front of the front gate.


People were confused about how they got there, but I just said quote, climate change is crazy. And they bought it. When the initial buzz died down, Nikki upped the ante. Soon there were two bison living in the park. A month later, a herd of flamingos flew in. Wildlife experts were finally called in when a local farmer spotted a Bengal tiger in his chicken coop. Now that all the animals have been returned to their countries of origin, Nikki has now moved on to her next project, finding a new job. A park ranger decides that she wants her park to not be quite so boring and gets to work.


Your next self-sufficiency story comes from Paula Poundstone Plastic surgeon. Chen Ong recorded himself performing his own vasectomy as a gift to his wife, not realizing, presumably that there are services that can help men choose unique and treasured gifts. A vasectomy is a form of birth control in which the surgeon cuts and seals the tubes that carry sperm. And although a vasectomy is an effective means of birth control, so are mutton chops.


In the tutorial video, the doctor slash patient applied anesthetic cream to numb his genitals before having at them with a scalpel and surgical clamp to perform the surgery during which he only once ceased with pain, perhaps thinking roses. She might've liked roses. A doctor performs his own vasectomy as a gift to his wife cutting out the middleman. I guess your last homespun tale comes from Faith Salie. Mike Hickman asked his 4-year-old Sadie what she wanted for her birthday, and she replied, blueys daddy, AKA Bandit, the relentlessly fun Australian dog of the hit cartoon series that leaves every parent feeling crushingly inadequate.


So Mike fulfilled his daughter's dream himself. He dressed as bandit and improvised for the first half hour of Sadie's party, using a terrible Australian accent that left guests asking if Blue's dad was from Boston. But no human can keep up that level of playfulness, especially when you're stifling in a bandit suit from Amazon Prime and four year olds keep climbing on you to play horsey on the doggy. So Bandit broke, get the hell off me. He then commanded so much compliance for the rest of the party that the kids called him mean Blueys Daddy sir. And other parents started hiring mean Blueys daddy to implement order at their kids' parties.


He's even started a parenting YouTube channel called Meanie until the cease and desist letter from Disney Cups Mean Bluey Daddy. All right, let me review these. Do it yourself projects. One of which we found in the news from Hari Klu, an enterprising park ranger at Lincoln's. Birthplace decides to make it more, you know, national Park-like from Paula Poundstone, a doctor who performed his own vasectomy on him himself. And from Faith Salie, somebody who tried to be a character from TV on his own and ended up coming up with his own meaner more effective version. Which of these is the real story of a do it yourself project in the news?


I'm going to have to go against our American medical system and go with Paula's story about the DIY vasectomy. You're gonna go with Paula's story about the DIY vasectomy. Well, that's your choice then to bring you the real answer. We spoke to an expert on this particular act of creation. Despite how many vasectomies I do, I don't think I'm ever gonna be able to do it all myself. That was Dr. Duggan cancel founder of down their urology talking about the DIY vasectomy. Congratulations Amanda. You got it right. Thank You so much. Take care.


And now the game we call not my job. When she was in high school in Oakland, California, a young woman named Maya picked the online handle MXM Tune and started posting videos of herself playing the ukulele and began to blow up. Today she is touring the world, performing her own original music with millions of followers on every platform and a new album called Liminal Space. Mxmtoon, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. This is the most surreal experience I've ever had in my, If I understand correctly, your stage name, your, your, your online name Mxmtoon began 'cause you were a cartoonist as a very young person and you were like posting cartoons, right?


I was, my dad is actually the person who created the handle, so I'll have to hand it to him. He is also a long time fan of Waitwait, so I have to mention it. Alright. But yeah, he created it when I was 11 years old and was sharing things on like my cartoons on the internet and thought that would be my claim to fame. Right. It was not. Yeah. No, but something was, and I'm told it was the ukulele. Yeah. So you were, you were posting your videos of yourself playing the ukulele. How did, how did you know they were getting popular? I mean, it's, so let me tell you Peter. Yes. There's a thing called a view count and a light count, and I saw that number kind of slowly creep up and then get exponentially bigger. And then suddenly I didn't go to college and I was a full-time musician.


So Wow. That is where I'm at. Yeah. Wow. You know, there's a man who gave himself a vasectomy and filmed it and it got 4 million vote views. How about you? I'm definitely not beating out that vasectomy video. Yeah. So I'll say that that's where I'm at. Well, If you can find a man who will do that while you play the ukulele. I I I'm curious you just, so you just said you blew up in the internet playing music, so you decided to skip college to become a professional musician. Did you, did you like walk into your parents one day and say, guess what everybody, I'm skipping college and I'm gonna go just be a musician on YouTube?


Essentially, there was two coming outs that came out as bisexual in 2017. And then the far scarier one was coming out as a musician who didn't want to pursue higher education, which was mortifying to both of my parents who are both educators. Yeah. But they've been nothing but supportive since Really I was about, yeah, like Queer and a musician. Yeah. And I'm, I'm guessing the first one was easier. The first one was actually way easier. Yeah. I mean, I'm from the Bay Area. Yeah. I grew up in queer spaces and yeah, they were definitely more horrified to know that I didn't wanna go and pursue an architecture degree In both cases. Was it a kind of ceremonious thing? Did you sit them down and kind of hold hands? Like, when my brother, when my brother came out, he watched, he made my mom sit down and watch The Little Mermaid with him, and then he turned to her and told her.


Wow. So he came out to me at Chick-fil-A. I mean, everyone has their thing. I think both felt maybe slightly ceremonious as they were done in the passenger seat of my parents' car and a passing moment hoping that maybe, you know, we would figure it out from there. Did, did it get to the point where your parents never wanted to get in the car with you? Oh God, I, oh my gosh. Honestly, I think we're still at that point. I'm a freshly licensed driver at the age of 24, about three months ago. So I'd say they've definitely Congrat A little bit scared to be in the car with me. I want to talk a little bit about your music because you've progressed at, and I mean no offense to the great ukulele players, but you have progressed far beyond merely playing the ukulele.


You are writing and performing these beautiful, heartfelt songs that actually remind me of like the great torch singers like Dion Warwick or, or Peggy Lee or the, you know, these, these amazing women who sang these heartfelt songs about heartbreak and stuff. Did you have a particular inspiration? Did you have a sound or a person you were trying to emulate or reach when you started singing and writing and singing your own songs? Maybe Kermit the Frog, I think is the only person that comes to mind. I mean, oh really? He Just the best. I love him. What's better than that? You're listening, you're listening to Kerman and you go, you know what else? It's not easy being me. It's not easy being me, and I wanna sing about that. What I love about your music is it's, it's timeless, but it seems very much for and by your generation, which I guess technically is Gen Z.


Am I right about that? Yes. Like you have this one lyric in one of your songs, one of your love songs that I love where you talk about the singer talks about a relationship with this other person. We snap together like Legos and I was like, that is perfect. It is. Except that the plural of Lego is just Lego and I found that out way too late. Really? It Doesn't matter for the comment, It Doesn't matter. It's unfortunately the comment section made that abundantly clear to me. Oh really? Oh, that was another question. But it, it still doesn't matter. It's the passion of what you're doing and, and no, I wouldn't get tripped up by that if I were You. Thank You. You actually brought something Thank You. I was gonna ask you, which is one of your songs, prom dress, which is a beautiful song about a prom dress and the A moment in a life when a woman finds herself wearing one went viral on TikTok, right.


And everybody's Yes. Posting it with themselves in their prom dresses. Is that kind of fame fun to know that the entire world knows 40 seconds of one of your songs? It's the best ever? I mean for me it feels like a bit of like a Mariah Carey moment every single year. I'll never write a song that is as catchy as all I want for Christmas. But I did write a song for any sad teenager who is having a tough time in their prom season. And for that, I'm very grateful about the evergreen nature of that music. I was about to say, I don't know if it was intentional, but it was smart because just as we will always have Christmas, we will always have sad teenagers at prom season. You and honestly, that feels a little bit more permanent than Christmas in some ways.


I'd say, You know, you should write a song about reading the comments. Ooh, I should. That's a good idea. Thank You. Thank You. I'll do that after I collab with the guy who did the self vasectomy. So there you're, get Back to, yeah. That's pretty good. Well, Maya, it is, it is enormous fun to talk to you and we have invited you here to play a game. We're calling Mxmtoon Meet Tune m and ms, By which we mean those charming animated mascots that help sell m and m candies. You know, that always make us feel a little weird when we get around to eating them. We're gonna ask you, we're going to ask you three questions about those cartoon candies if you get too right.


You won our prize. One of our listeners, the voice of their choice on their answering machine Choy. Who is Maya playing for? Mallory Kelly of Peoria, Illinois. Alright, you ready to do this? I think so. Mallory, I'm gonna try so, okay. My very best for you. Alright, So here's your first question. For Eminem's 75th anniversary, they released a video showing 360 degree views inside the m and m mascot's homes. Right? One feature of the orange m and M's House surprise some people, what was it? A six locks on the front door, B, A tanning bed, or CA Robert Mapplethorpe print. First of all, I have not seen this advertisement.


I'm delighted to know that the m and ms are homeowners. Congratulations to them. Yeah, I I It's amazing they, I wanna say tanning bed. You wanna say tanning bed? I feel like the locks thing is a little too ominous. Yeah, Well it might be ominous. It is true. Apparently Orange is little quirk. Is that he's paranoid about being eaten. I can't imagine why. No. So his apartment has six locks and a monitor showing feeds from nine security cameras. Okay, so here's your next question. You got two more? You can do it. Before her redesign in 2022, the Green m and Eminem was a female with big eyelashes and go-go boots relatively sexy for a candy.


Why was she designed to be sexy? Was it a, because research showed that people get hungrier when they are feeling romantic. B, because of the widely held belief that Green M and Msms were an aphrodisiac. Or see because of a planned but abandoned ad campaign featuring a passionate love affair between her and the Jolly Green giant. Wow. Okay. You know, I've listened to this show for years and I've always thought maybe I'd be good at this. And I think I'm just learning rapidly that this is not my skillset and that's okay. That's all right. The audience is trying to help you by they Are helping me and I've been, I haven't been able to hear them a lot throughout the Zoom call.


Yes, but I'm going to be thankful when I answer. I believe that it's the second one. It is in fact 'cause apparently Certain members of the audience, I'm not saying they're old enough personally, but they might have heard that back in the seventies, that was a widespread rumor that Green m and ms were an aphrodisiac. It was the thing. It really was. Alright, that's good. You got one right with one to go. If you get this, you win. Here's your last question. Eminem's almost had a live mascot. They asked Kevin Bacon, the actor to do a commercial where he would dance to the song Footloose from his famous movie in a yellow Eminem costume. But he turned them down. Why did he turn them down? Was it a, his agent told him, you're Kevin freaking bacon, you don't play the yellow Eminem, you play the blue Eminem B, because he was doing ads for Hormel Bacon and his deal banned him from representing any other food or C, because his wife, he said, gets too creeped out by the concept of talking food.


You know, marital problems present themselves in all sorts of colors. Mm, that's true. And sometimes in the format of people, you know, revealing their deepest, darkest secrets like talking food being a real fear. So you're picking, see I think so. And you're right. Yeah. Woo. His wife Kira Cedric said quote doesn't like it when food talks and put her foot down about it. Chio, how did Maya do in our quiz? It makes him tune Get too right, which means she has to come out to her parents as a winner on Wait, Wait, don't tell. There we go. Well done.


This is gonna be the best coming out I've ever had with That's great. That's great. It's gonna be great. Great mom, dad, let's go for a ride. Really? No, this time you'll enjoy it. MXM Tune's new album is Liminal Space. It's delightful and moving and beautiful. You can hear her play it on her upcoming world Tour dates and more information are over, of course, at mxmtoon dot com. Mxmtoon Maya, Thank You so much for joining us. What a pleasure to talk to you. Thanks for listening. Thanks for playing and we'll see you around. Take care. Thank You so much. Bye-bye. Good luck in just a minute.


While you really should check in on all your Penguin friends that's in our listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent and G two's winner. Report more at enter.com/npr.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPRs Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I am Chichi Ayson. We're playing This week with Faith Salie, Paula Poundstone and hurry K to Blu. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Keoki. Thank You so much. In just a minute, did you know, did you know every week in America as many as three limericks go unfinished? You can help in our listener Limerick challenge Again, if you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4.


Right now a panel that is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Hari, we are all familiar with the concept of safe words. Yes. An article in the New York Post says, safe words can also be useful while doing what other activity? Bobbing for apples. That's very specific. I'll, I'll give you a hint. You might want to use these safe words when you're involved in, in activities like overseeing mass play dates or bathtime or Well PA parenting. Yes. Parenting safe words. Hmm. Here's the idea. Say your toddler's having a tantrum, you've been dealing with her all day and you are about to snap and you need your partner to take over.


Well you just yell out Michael Baro or whatever your safe word might be. And the trickier is that your kids are listening. So your safe word can't be something like, I hate them or you were adopted. My safe word right now as I just look at my husband and say perimenopause and leave the room. Really? Yep. That means you got this. Now that's Not so much a safer, that's It's a threat and a reality. I Was about to say that was more of a threat. Yeah. Faith, there's a new option out there for couples who cannot decide between a big wedding and a small intimate wedding. Some couples are now having what? A Goldilocks wedding, A medium-sized wedding.


No, that would be the old way of doing it. To compromise. Oh, this is not the new one. Oh, Are they having both? Yes. They're having his and hers weddings phase. An invitee took to a wedding page on Reddit to tell this story. The bride wanted a small wedding, intimate friend's, family. The groom wanted a huge wedding with everybody. So they decided let's have his and hers weddings. It was that or the other really fun option, realized they're two fundamentally different people and call it off. So each wedding for this particular couple had its own venue. Oh my gosh. Its own wedding planner and Yes. Two separate registries. Right. Wow. Oh gosh. Much money To these people.


They have aton of money, clearly of money too much And do, oh, do they both go to each of them? Yes. I think, I think if you, I mean, alright, deciding you're gonna have two weddings 'cause you can't agree on what kind of wedding you wanna have is one thing. Not inviting the person you're marrying to your wedding I think is definitely a sign. I Think's just love, like a stand in. You know Bob would be here but he doesn't enjoy a big wedding. Why not just do it like the circus and have like a big tent and then a little tent and then you can go to whichever wedding you want to go to. So you have like a main attraction and a sideshow wedding. Well I wouldn't call it a side show. It's a more intimate wedding. You can have a freak show too.


That's for the honeymoon. That's For the honeymoon. Alright. And now it's a game. We're gonna call No complaining January. So in honor of no complaining January chichi is gonna read each of you a real headline we found in this week's news. You have to say something positive about it. That's the challenge. A real headline. You say something positive about these alarming headlines. You get a point. Alright, we're gonna start with faith. Here we go. This headline's for you. Say something positive after you hear it. Your first headline is about something weird that happened with a fresh fish entree Restaurant. Customers left screaming after meat, crawls off dinner plate, Something positive.


Fa After meat Crawls off dinner plate It. It turned that person vegan and that's better for the environment. Fiocchi, what do you think? We got it. One point. One point. Okay. Alright Paula, this one is for you. Chichi, please read the headline. Woman intentionally pooped on store's floor in shoplifting scheme. Don't have to clean the restroom And a point for Paula. Very good. All right Harry. Alright, let's Do it. Rocket explodes on man's penis at family fireworks display.


No more need for a safe word Or a self vasectomy Or or a self vasectomy. And that's a point for a hurry. Very well done, you guys. Woo. I feel really good. Good job. Good job. Looking on the bright side. Yeah, there you are. Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call to leave a message at 1 8 8. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks right here at the Studebaker Theater in beautiful downtown Chicago. Or come see us on the road. For example, we'll be at the Walt Disney Theater and Orlando, Florida on March 20th. For tickets and information to all our live shows, go to presents.org.


Hi everyone. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hi, this is Kate Howard from Austin, Texas. Austin one of our very favorite places. What do you do there? I'm a singer songwriter. Of course you are. I love it. It's the law. It's the law. You have to do it. You're not allowed into town unless you're carrying a guitar and your heart on your sleeve. Yes. That's cool. Well Kate, welcome to the show. Chichi Sen is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly and to the limericks will be a winner. You ready to go? Yes I am. Here's your first limerick In midwinter. I'm thrown for a loop, both my health and my energy droop.


So I eat granny's candy. It's soothing and dandy. It tastes like some warm chicken Soup Soup. Yes. This week Progresso the soup company introduced soup flavored hard candies called soup drops. No Thank You. Which they describe as soup. You can suck on this big news in my household. 'cause my kid has such a soup tooth. It was Campbell's, It's Progresso. Yeah, that's a Progresso move. It really Is. Campbell's has the market. Progressive's trying you. You don't see Amy's pulling that. No, it's true. Here's your next limerick.


Married penguins have buyer's remorse. Lack of babies is often the source. When their passions have dulled, they can't get things and nulled. So the penguins will file for Divorce. Yes, indeed. Penguins are supposed to be monogamous for life. So everyone is alarmed by a new study showing that a certain population of penguins have a divorce rate between 25 and 50%. I guess a certain flightless bird can stop being so smug at the PTA meetings according to the study. If a reproduction does not go well for a couple of penguins for about a year, penguins will just split up.


Right. They'll just go their separate ways. I wonder what those fights are like. The male says, sorry baby, I just need to spread my wings. And the female's like And do what with them? There are scientists who do studies. That means they were, they were watching these penguins like it was love island. Right, Exactly. Yes. Quite literally love island. They're On an island. And then somehow they had to tell the difference between the different penguins. Like they knew the differences between them. Yeah. And then were able to say that one's not sleeping with that one anymore. Yeah. Moved on with that one. Yeah. And this and this is they, they do this for a living. They get that's what, That is their job to observe the penguins To see whether they're having sex with the same partners or not. Yes. Yeah. This is some.


This is some sick stuff. Here is your last limerick. My trophy case leaves me nonplussed. My achievements are turning to dust. Last summer's bright gold is all tarnished and old 'cause my medals are starting to Rust. Rust. Yes. 100 medal winners from the Olympics in Paris last summer have complained to the International Olympic Committee that their medals are falling apart. They're flaking away. And these champions shouldn't have the rust metal. That's what you get if you're fourth place. So these metals from Paris that they've been posting photographs have visible signs of obvious crumbling and staining and wear.


You may remember they, when they made these metals, the company that made them announced that they have included in them iron from the Eiffel Tower built into them. So don't worry everybody, it's not the Olympic medals that are falling apart. It's just the Eiffel Tower. It's terrible. It is. And that's for the bronze, silver and Gold. Bronze. Silver and gold. Although the phenomenon seems to be centered on the bronze medals, huh? Oh, well yeah. Okay. Yeah, I can. Yeah. What do you expect? It came in third. The wanted something of quality. I can, I can attest to that. My bronze medal is gone. It's rusted away. Yeah. So athletes are actually sending the medals back to the committee saying, Hey, can I get a new medal?


Yeah. That like won't fall away. It's obviously the Olympian's fault. It says right in the back of the medal, not dishwasher safe. Yeah. Jokey. How did Kate do in our quiz? Let us sing Kate's praises. She got all three. Right. Congratulations Kate. Well done. Thank You so much. We'll come down and hope to see you on sixth Street. Next time we are in Austin. Take care. Okay, bye bye-Bye bye. Kate. Wanna know what's happening in the world? Listen to the State of the World podcast. Every weekday we bring you important stories from around the globe.


In just a few minutes, you might hear how democracy is holding up in South Korea or meet Indian monkeys that have turned to crime. We don't go around the world, we're already there. Listen to the State of the World podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast. Cell Phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas?


And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU. Now onto our final game. Lightning Fill in the blank. Each of our players love 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can each correct answer now with two points. Gki, can you give us the scores? Alright. Paula has four. Faith and hurry. Each have three. Alright, Paula, you are doing particularly well. So we are going to arbitrarily pick. Hurry to go first. The clock will start. When they begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, thousands of people in southern California were evacuated after a new blank started in the area fire, right after the ceasefire took effect.


Over 2000 aid trucks were able to enter blank Gaza. Right. On Thursday, a federal judge blocked President Trump's order to end a birthright blank citizenship. Right. According to the Congressional budget office, by 2035, the federal blank will jump to $2.7 trillion. Debt. Yeah. Deficit. This week. For the first time in the history of the NHL, the outcome of a game was influenced by blank. Who cares? It's hockey. Well No. Some people care very deeply. It was a tray of nachos. A fan threw into the ice. It distracted the goalie. This weekend, NASA told Sky Watchers that six blanks will be visible from Earth at once. Planets right This week, an 84-year-old man in the UK successfully offended off a mugger by repeatedly blanking, Crying.


No. By repeatedly hitting him with a pair of jeans, the would be mugger attacked the 84-year-old at a laundromat. So he grabbed the closest thing, he had a pair of jeans and repeatedly swatted the guy with them. The man was at a huge advantage 'cause he had both a 65 inch reach and a 36 inch Inea. Chokey. How did Hurry do in our quiz? Hurry got five, right? For 10 more points, that's a total of 13. Hurry ISS in the lead. Well done. All right, Faith, You are up next. Please fill in the blank. On Wednesday, the Trump administration said they were sending 1500 troops to the blank Southern border. Right After announcing a record of jump and subscribers streaming, giant blank said it would be raising prices.


Netflix, right? For the first time in a decade, the Ohio State Buckeyes beat Notre Dame to win the blank championship College football Championship. Right? On Tuesday, three top tech firms announced a $500 billion investment focused on the development of blank Cryptocurrency. No ai. Following the success of spinoff shows like FBI Most Wanted and FBI International CBS unveiled the newest show in their FBI franchise blank. FBI super Hyperlocal, F-B-I-C-I-A. Oh. On Wednesday, Nepal announced they were increasing the fee to climb blank to $15,000 Mount Everest. Right? On Thursday, Amelia Perez and Wicked led the nominations for the 2025 blank awards.


Oscars. Yes. This week a medical journal found a new side effect of the trendy carnivore diet, which involves eating massive amounts of meat, cheese and butter. It may make your hands blank, Harry. No. It may make your hands leak. Cholesterol. Oh, Jesus. According to the study, after eight months on this carnivorous diet, a man in Florida had such high levels of cholesterol that had literally started leaking out from his hands. Now I know what you're wondering. Was it the good cholesterol or the bad things? It's actually kind of interesting. It was the gross Cholesterol. That is gross. Jokey. How did faith do in our quiz? All right, faith got five, right? For 10 more points. That's the total of 13. Oh, snap, they're tied.


Alright, So then how many does Paula need to pull away and win it All? Five. Five. Here we go. Paula, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, the White House announced plans to impose Steve Blanks on goods from China, Mexico, and Canada. Turfs. Right. According to officials in Georgia, blank flu was found in commercial poultry flock, bird, bird flu. Right? This week, Thailand formerly legalized same-sex blanks marriage. Right? On Tuesday, YouTube star Mr. Beast announced he was considering buying social media app blank TikTok, Right This week, an Ohio man who crashed into a fire hydrant asked police to give him a break because blank, He was hot. No, he asked police to give him a break because he'd been drinking on Thursday.


Scientists warned that Coral bleaching in the blank reef had reached catastrophic levels In the coral reef. Which one Is there more than one? There he is The big one over on the left. It's on the Great Barrier Reef in Australia on Monday. New day. That's what I meant. On Monday, new data showed that the Earth's magnetic blank was shifting Magnetic pull. Right? This week a woman in Indonesia had to call the fire department to free her after her blank got caught in an office chair After her blank got caught in her office chair. Yes. I dunno. Her hair. Her hair her No, her nose ring. Oh Geez. And the story that is definitely not, we think about a woman sniffing furniture.


The office worker had to call for help after her nose ring got tangled in the mesh of her office chair. According to the fire chief quote, the incident wasn't the strangest call we've ever had, which really makes you wonder what other piercings have gotten stuck to chairs. Yeah, that's just, yeah, you shouldn't see that's telling you no about that. Yeah. Cchi Cchi. Did Paula to do well enough to win? Well, she got five, right? For 10 more points. So with a total of 14 points, Paula Poundstone is this week's champion. Congratulations, Jay. Thank You. Thank You very much. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict after we finish no complaining January, what will be the first complaint heard on February 1st?


But first, let me tell you that, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Car Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour managers Shayna Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater. BJ a Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills Miles during Boston, boo King. Special thanks to Bid and Buna and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our COOL. Emma Choi is our vibe. Curator. Technical directions from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller, our production manager, and that's Robert Newhouse. Special thanks This week to Gary Yak. Our senior producer is Ian og, the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me he is. Mike Dad, fourth and now panel.


What will people be complaining about as soon as they're allowed to on February 1st? Hurry K to Blu. January has too many days. Faith Salie that The newly declassified J-F-K-R-F-K and MLK files are TLDR and Boring. And Paula Poundstone. These Office chairs are so grabby And if any of that happens panel, we'll ask you about it On Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You JK Anson doing another fabulous job filling in for our friend, Bill Curtis. Thanks also to Harry Kbo who Face Tail. And Paula Tro. Thanks all here at the student of Baker Theater. Our home and for the moment, yours, thanks to all of you who are listening, wherever you might be.


I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.