
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Sailors beware. Resist the overwhelming urge to follow my gorgeous voice. Stay away from me sailors. I'm Mil Curtis. And here is your host at the St. Make Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel, Thank You so much, Bill. Thank You everybody. You're Very kind. It's great to see you. We do have a great show for you today. Later on, we're gonna be talking to the great actors, Sterling K. Brown, who's starring in the new series Paradise. But if you are a fan of that handsome finance guy from This Is Us, well, this is he.


But right now it's all about you. So Give us a call to play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you on Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Alexis Breer calling from Covington, Massachusetts. Alexis, how are you? I'm doing very well. How About you? I am fine. I don't know where Cummington is and I applaud your ability to just say it without hesitation or shyness. You just said it. What do you do there? Thank co. What do you do? Just say it. You just said it. What do you do there in Covington? So, I'm the mom to 10-year-old twins, which is a thing. Yeah. And I run a nonprofit that builds affordable housing and helps small businesses.


That's great. We're we're gonna need all those things. And We need all the things. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Alexis, let me introduce you to our panel today. First, he's a comedian who will be at the state theater down in Austin, Texas on April 17th. He also writes the weekly newsletter. That's marvelous. It's Josh Gunman. Hello. Hi Josh. Thank You so much. Next, she's a comedian and host of the podcast Fake the Nation, who you can see performing at Ted in Vancouver. Next week. It's Negin Farsad. Hello. Hi, Nadine. And Making her debut on our panel.


She's an Emmy and Grammy nominated comedian and host of the podcast, handsome. You can find all her upcoming live shows@tignataro.com. That's right. It is TIG Nataro From one twin mother to another. I'm also a twin mother. Well, welcome to our show, Alexis. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you will win our prize. Any voice from our show that you might choose for your voicemail? You ready to go? I'm ready. All right. For your first quote here is the President of the United States making a major announcement in the White House Rose Garden.


It's such an old fashioned term, but a beautiful term. Groceries. It says a bag with different things in it. That was President Trump on Wednesday explaining why he was slapping what on almost every other country on the globe. Oh, that would be tariffs. It would be tariffs. On Wednesday, April 2nd, which he christened, liberation Day President Trump announced the highest tariffs in history and the world did not like it. The next day, Thursday, the Wall Street Journal actually ran out of words for how badly the stock market was tanking. It was like Dao Plunges s and p 500 crumbles.


The Nasdaq gets its junks stuck in a zipper. I'm sure you guys celebrated Liberation Day in the manner of your own family is in customs, right? Yes. It's a traditional stuffed Turkey in our home. Sure. Yes, absolutely. I continued not paying my taxes And we have stuffed tofu. Yeah, of Course. Because you are a Lesbian right Now. This is true. This is absolutely true. The markets cratered so badly in the 24 hours after this tariff announcement that the world's 500 richest people, including of course, mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk lost a combined $200 billion in just one day.


But, but wait a minute. Cat rules. But there was also bad news. For example, the day after the tariffs were announced, the US dollar became weaker than the Euro. The British pound. The Australian dollar, and those arcade tickets where you need 500 to get one blow pot. We are going to be running on a sticky hand based economy soon. I, I feel like let's go harder with it really. And my view is let's bring 'em to, to the United States and let's start taring each other. So it's like if you're wearing cargo pants too many times a month, you're tariffed.


You know what I mean? Right. There's a lot of behaviors I think we can control amongst ourselves. Is that a fashion judgment on cargo pants or are you just because it has cargo in the name, it's now imports experts. Both. Gosh, both. Alright. Alexis, your next quote comes from legendary Chicago newscaster Bill Curtis, right before the great Topeka tornado of 1966. For God's sake take cover, That would be a lot harder for him to do now because thanks to government cuts, what is about to become a lot less accurate Weather reporting Weather forecast. That's right. Thanks to cuts to the National weather service, weather forecasts are about to become a lot less accurate and useful.


But think about it now, talking about the weather with your in-laws will be that much more exciting. Who knows what's gonna happen. Part of the reason for these cuts is people believe to eventually privatize the weather forecasting industry. So if you wanna know, say if it's gonna rain, okay, that's free. But if you wanna know what it's going to be raining water men, then you need weather premium. So it's to privatize, you're saying pretty Much Honestly as a Jew, it's just so nice to hear someone else accused of wanting to own the weather. Yeah.


This is like a big really, I think bad for the country, but big for me personally. I'm glad. Yes. Things will be so unpredictable that people will be betting on multi-day forecast parlays on fanduels and you know, but it might be fun to like engage in like the nostalgia to, for the days before we had like reliable scientific weather forecast. Right. We'll have to go back to peering at the horizon from the front porch of the ranch house and saying, mama, get the cows in the basement. This is true. You know, who's going to be so valuable? People with arthritic knees. Yes, exactly. That will be our only source if no one when a storms are coming.


Yeah. That's, that's a way for that guy to make up for the lack of social security. That'll be awesome. But you can also just the whole lick your finger, you know? Oh yeah. Don't forget about that. It's very handy. We're going old school. Yeah. And like I feel like weather veins are gonna have a real moment. Yeah. And varicose veins as well. Yeah, absolutely. I don't know what that means, but I'm putting all my money in veins after the stock market has done crashing. We're really gonna, the groundhog is gonna take on so much more towards it really is true. We're gonna be like, I don't know. It's as good as anything else. We got. We have an overworked groundhog over here.


Alright, Alexis, your last quote, your last quote is from DoorDash, Buy now, pay later. So you've now instantly take out a loan so you can afford to do what? Get take takeout. Yeah. Order food delivery. Klarna is a company. Very good. Yes. People are excited for you and for the possibility of going into lifelong debt for a sandwich. Klarna is a company that lets you buy things online, like usually like expensive items like clothing maybe, or electronics. And, and you buy it on credit and then you pay it back in installments. But now they are partnering with DoorDash, the food delivery company. For all of you who've ever said, you know, this burrito is great, but I just wish it affected my credit score.


See, I feel like th this isn't new. There are many things that I have ordered and eaten that I paid for later. Yes. I I, although I hope In many installments I was about to Say it wasn't in No, I hope it wasn't in monthly installments. 'cause that would just go on too long. There, There goes tig again talking about her vegan food poisoning. So, but, or someone trying to poison a lesbian. Yeah, But I, But there're so cute. I wanna, I wanna advise people who are thinking of doing this, remember to pay it back. 'cause you do not wanna be the first person to get your legs broken 'cause you're behind on a breakfast bowl.


I'm here from DoorDash. They're very disappointed in you. Bill, how did Alexis do on our quiz? She did Perfectly. She got 'em. All right. Well done. Thank You. Thank You so much, Alexis. Take care. Thanks So much. Bye bye-Bye. Right now, panel, it is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Take This week, the New York Times offered their advice on how to navigate a tricky social situation when you go to see your friend in a show and, and then what happens? Hmm. You have to compliment 'em. Exactly right? Yeah. Yeah. The, the, the show is awful. Many of us have been there.


You go see your friend in some kind of show. You know, whether it's a play your friend is in your coworkers improv show or your other coworkers improv show. And if the show isn't that great, what do you say to your friend when you see him after in the lobby, right? I'll tell you exactly what I say. Yeah. I figured you guys would know. Go to. Yeah. If I go to see a band that is not great, what I say with as much enthusiasm as I can muster, I'll be like, man, you guys were rocking up there. Which is true. Right? They were rocking right. And that way I don't have to like really critique. I can just say, I have eyeballs and I saw you, You just reaffirmed the action they did.


But with enthusiasm, Right? I, I'm like, I saw you up there for sure. What if it's a comedian who sucked? I'll be like, you were rocking up there. I just lie and say, that was a great show because I am a total coward. But really, what Do you have to gain when your friend is like in a band that plays three times a year and you're like, Hey, I've got notes. Like, what do they do? What do you think they're going to do? Take the notes because he only only performed three times a year. Like, eh, well here's one he is on. Wait, Wait, don't tell me He knows Jazz Coming up.


Our panelists relive their teenage years in our bluffed listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast every morning in under 15 minutes. We cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on while getting ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


From NPR at WBE Z Chicago. This is Wade Wade, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Negin Farsad, Josh Goleman and TIG Noto. And here again is your host at the Stba Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. Right now it is time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to player our game in the air where you can check out to the pinned post on our Instagram page. That's at Wait, Wait. Npr, how you on? Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hey, this is Jason Laughlin and I'm calling from Des Moines, Iowa. Des Moines, Iowa. Great place. What do you do there?


You know what, I'm a recovering attorney. I, in a couple of days, I'm actually gonna start in a master's program for mental health counseling. Wow. At 50 Years old. What inspired you to leave the law and go into mental health counseling? You know, I law I think drove me to counseling and then counseling a firm that being a lawyer is toxic. I, I could have probably figured that out on my own, but it's nice to get it confirmed. Yeah, It's nice to have you with us. Jason. You're gonna play our game in which you have to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what is Jason's topic? I feel like I'm 17 again. This week we read about something from your teenage years that has come back and it's not your acne.


Our panel is going to tell you something from the teenage years that adults are now fully embracing. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. You ready to go? Absolutely. I admire your spirit. Let's get started. First, let's hear from Josh Goleman Park Ranger Lou Reo was doing his usual rounds past Bemidji Minnesota's famed make out point when he noticed something strange through steamed up windows, he could see that the parked cars weren't full of teenagers, but rather grown adults. Reggie says he first became suspicious when he heard a passionate cry of, ah, my back. Coming from a minivan with recent economic instability taking a toll on their finances, many adults have moved back in with their parents causing them to revert to adolescent habits for amorous encounters.


My husband and I couldn't afford dinner out and a sitter said a 29-year-old woman. So this is date night away from our toddler, and not that it's any of your business, but we're out here trying for a second child even more upset our local teens who have been left without anywhere to get busy. I wasn't that excited about college, but now I can't wait to go said Jameson. A local 17-year-old, although student loans will be worth it if I can finally get to second base. Adults forced to live at home again in Bemidji, Minnesota, making the best of it and driving their cars up to Lover's Lane to make out your next teenage throwback comes from Nita Taro, The typically quiet Boca Raton, Florida retirement community.


Sleepy Shores reported incidents of senior citizens mooning fellow residents. The events began before a wholesome pickleball game as the sun went down, or shall we say the moon came up last Tuesday. Myrtle Ashton and her longtime travel companion Mildred Rolls both 71, decided to revisit the mischievous and daring activity from their days of youth. The long-term live-in roommates began flashing their Dres as speed walkers and golf cart drivers pass their court causing shock, but mostly utter joy by fellow neighbors.


You don't have to be 19 to show 'em what you got said rose the streak. Bowman. 94. Although there are mixed feelings amongst residents, sleepy Shores has made it clear how they feel as they started selling unisex underwear reading over the moon for retirement. This story is still unfolding. Residents of retirement community in Florida pick up their old teenage habit of mooning. Your last pull from Pubescence comes from Nain. FARs off The dental world is having a cultural moment.


After years of Invisalign dominance, patients are finally getting hip to old school braces and not just any patients, adult patients. That's right. Being a middle mouth isn't just for begrudging virgins with pimples anymore. Adults are saying goodbye to plastic mouth trays and clear ba brackets in favor of full industrial alloy chompers. We're also seeing reports of respected adults making their Moz festive with colorful brace spans. Green for St. Patrick's Day, red for Valentine's Day or Labor Day's. Famous chartreuse influencers such as Abby Clancy and Charlie James and rappers like Lil Louie.


All names that mean nothing to an NPR audience are showing off their be metaled pie holes on social media. But as always beware if two metal mouths make out, they'll both pick up radio signals. Alright, so one of these things from our teenage years has come back, is it from Josh Goleman, the town of Bemidji, Minnesota, where Lover's Lane has been taken over by adults who had to move in with their parents like they were still living there. So why not act that way from taking Nataro a group of residents starting with long-term roommates in a retirement community in Florida who've decided to start mooning.


Anybody who goes by or from Negin Farsad braces, the scourge of so many teenagers being worn proudly by adults. Which of these is the real story of a teenage trend coming back? You know, all of those being so cringey. I feel a lot better about being a new student at 50 years old. Why not? I've gotta go with TIG and the Mooning Matriarch. Alright, your choice then is t's story. Well, we spoke to someone who had covered this real story. I remember when I had braces in the eighth grade and I definitely didn't want them. That was Tracy Swartz, a journalist from the New York Post who commented on the story about adults embracing braces.


I just got some grills, so apparently I'm behind. Yeah, so you didn't win. However, you earned a point for TIG in the very first time in the show, which is very exciting for her. Pretty cool. Thank You for that. And Thank You so much for playing. This was awesome. Thank You. I appreciate It. Thank You. And good luck in the new gig. Thank You as well. Take care. Bye-bye. And now the game where we ask really well-known people about things they don't know anything about. We call it not my job. Sterling K. Brown had been a working actor for 15 years or so when he became famous and won an Emmy for his performance in the People versus OJ Simpson. Since then, he's gone on to star in this Is Us, as well as the movie American Fiction for which he was nominated for an Oscar and now Paradise, a political thriller or so you are led to believe.


We believe we are thrilled to have him with us now. Sterling K Brown. Welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. It's an absolute pleasure to talk to you. I've been a big fan for a while as I am of your new show Paradise. But there's a problem, which I'm sure you are aware of, which is that there is a big twist at the end of the first episode and it would be bad if we discussed it. So the question is, you're out there like a good guy promoting the show, which you should do. It's one that everyone should see. How have you been handling this? Like you can't actually talk about like what's really going on in the show. It is a very similar experience to promoting This Is Us, right?


'cause if Yeah, it's the same creator of the show. So I can say that Dan Fogelman created this as us created Paradise. Very talented man, love him dearly. But the whole time when you're talking about this is Us, you're like, oh, it's a family drama and it's got, you know, all the feels and all that kind of stuff. But if you know the end of the pilot, you're like, wait a minute, all these people are related. You know what I'm saying? Sorry if I ruined anything for people that haven't watched, this Is Us. It's been out for really long. Oh, That's the us Oh my God, I don't know who it Was about. Yes. Famously, I think I can talk about this. The pilot of this is Us, this family drama. You're having all these different characters and then you find out at the very end that you've been watching in different timelines. And some of these characters are the parents of these other characters who are now grown into adults.


How nice. So have you tried talking about what the twist in the new show Paradise is? Not. So for example, it turns out that your character is James Marsden's grown son. That would Be funny that that would be, that would have have you come up with any tricks or like, well, you know, To be, to be the adult son of more white people, I think would be going to the Well, It's, It's definitely not that I, I usually just try to talk about the things that I can, the president dies in the pilot, but most folks, and you see that in the previous, right? Right. Yeah, yeah. And I say that that's the tip Of the right.


Yeah. So yeah. And and the Whole audience going Which president though? The president in the show. In the Show. Yeah. Everybody calm down. I Have to ask you about another project you do. You, you, you do, and I believe you're, you're coming back and doing it again, a podcast with your wife, Right? I do indeed. My wife and I, Ryan Michelle Bath, we do a podcast called We Don't Always Agree, which pretty Much spoiler. Yeah, it's, it describes most marriages, but we've been married, we just celebrated 19 years in March. Mazel top March.


March. What I wanna, I wanna write this down. So you had an episode where you talked about the fact that you did Ayahuasca together. That is correct. That is correct. Whose, whose idea was that? And again, I mean the podcast, it was Mine, so, So the, the podcast is my wife's idea, ayahuasca was my idea. We're both what we like to call crunchy granola black people. So we don't really fit in the box of like typical sort of things. Like, we like to do what they call white people stuff. So You are on NPR right now? Yeah, I know. I'm on n NPR right now.


That's good. That was really good. But the Ayahuasca, we went to Costa Rica. It's one of the few licensed dispensaries of the medicine in the world. And I think we were interested in seeing, a friend of mine described it to me as it unlocks blind spots that you weren't aware that you had. Yeah. And can you share what your blind spots were, please? The, the biggest blind spot in all Sincere me Is that we all sort of delude ourselves into thinking that we have some degree of control over what happens next. And really all we have control over is our response to what happens next. Mm. That's probably the biggest takeaway.


I can, you know, what else is a way of finding out. Nice. Wow. You know what else is a way of finding out you have no control about what happens is being on stage with Te Guitar. I I wanna ask you one more thing, which is Yeah, I, I I I love working actors, the guys who, and, and, and women who put in their time and I love asking them about the odd jobs they might have done. Is it true that before getting into acting, you were an intern at the Federal Reserve? Yeah, that's right. That's correct. Yeah. I was an economics major when I was in undergrad and I thought that that being an intern at the Fed was gonna be something that led to me doing some sort of investment banking thing or what have you.


And really what it led me to Pete was knowing that I was bored to tears working at the Federal Reserve Bank. Really? Something else. Yeah. What Did anything interesting ever happen at the Federal Reserve Bank while you were working there? I'm sure lots of things, but I was very low level. You're Doing seminars or like, do you ever, don't touch the money, don't sniff the money. Something like that. Crazy. Do you ever find yourself, you know, since like financial policy is so much in the news a whip out a Well, you know, as a former employee at the Federal Reserve, I can comment, I try to comment as little as possible. I think that's once, most People don't want to hear from actors about most things, so I just try to keep staying my life for the Most part. Yeah. Said the guy with a podcast.


I, Well, Well, Sterling K Brown, it is a personal pleasure to be talking to you and we have asked you here in fact, to play a game that this time we're calling A retirement paradise. So Your show, as we've discussed, is about a community called Paradise, very mysterious. So we're gonna ask you about a community that claims to be a paradise and isn't mysterious at all. Jimmy Buffett's Latitude Margaritaville Retirement Communities. Come On now. Come on. Answer two or three questions about what sounds like really a terrific place to be and you will win our prize for one of our listeners.


Bill, who is Sterling K Brown playing for Irene Chan of San Francisco, California. All right. Alright, Irene, here We go. Here's your first question. The Margaritaville retirement community calls itself, your home in Paradise and down there in near the eastern coast of Florida. They offer a wide variety of amenities, including which of these, A the hangar workshop where residents are invited to quote, trick out their golf carts, be Jimmy Buffet karaoke, which happens every night or see a nude beach. All right? I think if you're in a retirement community, you're not trying to drop trout.


So then the first one was tricking out the golf cart. It is Florida, it's golf courses. That seems like it's gonna be the Answer and it is. That's right. Yeah. They like a lot of retirement communities because they're sort of self enclosed people ride around in golf carts instead of cars. And as you can imagine, drunken golf cart driving is a persistent problem down there. Alright, here's your next question. You got one, right? Let's go for two. Margaritaville prides itself in being a place where people quote 55 and better can quote, grow old but not up unquote. And that explains why their monthly newsletter once contained.


What exciting phrase a Bert took over the DJ booth for trap music night. B Party starts at four and ends when you pass out. Or C, look at all the fun our residents had at the QVC watch party. This, This, this one. I'm, I'm believing B makes the most sense. The party starts at core and ends whenever I, You know, I, I'm pretty sure they might have said that at one time, but the one we saw was the fun at the QVC watch party. The, the line to get in the QVC watch party went down the block. Now this is all right 'cause there's one more to go. If you get this right, you win everything.


Okay? Now the founder, of course, was the late Jimmy Buffett, quite a remarkable guy with a remarkable career, and he found his musical success relatively late in life. In fact, after years of trying and failing to be successful in music, he was just about to quit it and go into what business when he did finally have his first hit record. So what was he gonna be? A, a, marijuana smuggler. B, he was gonna go into private equity or c he was gonna go into the Catholic priesthood. The, the, the audience. The audience is all yelling a marijuana Muck.


Hey, they're saying I hear him. Yeah, I hear Chicago loud and clear. I gotta go with the crowd, baby. Let's go. A yes. Yes. He says That, you know, he was living down in Florida and he was just about to buy a Boston Whaler to bring merchandise to the beach at night when his third album became a big hit. And the Jimmy Buffet we know and Love was Born. Bill, how did Sterling do in our quiz? Two out of three, she reached Paradise. Woo. Sterling K Brown is an Emmy and Golden Globe winning actor whose new show is Paradise, which you can stream on Hulu now or catch it Mondays on ABC starting April 7th.


Sterling K. Brown. What an absolute joy to talk to You. Thank You so much For joining us. Thank You. You're the best. In just a minute. If you're feeling tired, bill might send you to jail. It's the listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR. Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that would only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There.


The new wave of biotechnology that's on the Ted Radio Hour podcast from NPR. I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur. So she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier. And you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Josh Goleman, Negin Farsad and TIG Noto. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. Thank You so much for just a minute. Bill opens a Limerick aid stand in our Listen to Limerick challenge. Be careful, bill, those limericks have been recalled for Limb Steria. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4 Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's News McGee.


This week we learned about a new way stressed out. Parents are letting off steam. It's a party where grownups go to be able to do what They like. Yell at like mannequins that are their children. Because you're not supposed to yell at your children. They get it out. You're so close. I feel I have to give it to you. The answer is throw a tantrum. Oh yeah. Just like your kids, right? Yeah. Right. What parent of an out of control 2-year-old hasn't looked at the kid and thought, yeah, that's the vibe I want to be given off. The concept was described by a therapist in Australia. Alright. I'd have to be honest, she's described as a quote, life coach and breath worker. I just didn't want you to hate her yet.


She calls it a quote tantrum party. And it's exactly what it sounds like. There's loud music, there's pillows to hit, and an adult in the corner saying, well, he never does this. That's Also at do at some point, do the, does someone just give you an iPad To Just To just shut It down? Yeah, I know Josh, This week the New York Times ran a piece in favor of doing what? Two strangers in public. Oh, good question. Well, well it's New York, so it sounds like it should be ignore them, but is it talking to them? Actually, it's the opposite. It's it's what they're doing when they're talking and you think they shouldn't be Shushing them.


Shushing them. Yes. Shush people in public. That's the advice. The columnist says that shushing someone wants only reserved for babies, libraries, and bars that look like libraries is a socially acceptable thing to do. I would never shush a stranger. A stranger could be stabbing me in public and I wouldn't be like, keep it down. Right? Like, no, no, just express yourself. What If they were shushing you? 'cause they were stabbing you Just, I always thought it was odd how, I know you're supposed to be quiet in a library, but I always thought it was odd, like if you talk that people are so on edge and are just like, you know, like they can't, they can't focus with somebody else.


Yeah. At all. If they hear any word. But if you're like out and about or on a subway reading, people aren't freaking out. Yeah. But if you're in a library, shh. The the best solution really is if you're in a situation where people are talking and they shouldn't be talking is to, is to quiet them the way you might quiet a baby, pick them up and wrap them really tightly in a blanket. Now the writer says swaddling. Yes. Swaddle. Swaddle a stranger. The writer says, having been, I donated so much money to that charity West, you're sw a stranger. Stranger. Josh, question for you Josh. Josh This week a beloved chain restaurant filed for bankruptcy.


What's the restaurant? Hooters. Yes. Hooters. Hooters. It's a sad day for Hooters. America's number one restaurant cited in divorce proceedings. The, they struggled since the pandemic, but the final blow came of course, with President Trump's 25% tariffs on big old knockers. I've never been to one. Have you guys been, have you been? I have never. I can say this in all honestly. I've never been to a hooter. I've Josh, I've been to one. Yeah. I mean I go to strip clubs all the time. But Hooters, no. Yeah. 'cause you're a grownup. Exactly. You're not like, what would a Mormon's idea of a strip club be?


The CEO of Hooters says that they're gonna, there's A CEO Ceo, he's that cartoon wolf that goes aga. He has an MBA. That's, That doesn't seem possible. A master in breast administration, His BA, The CEO of Hooters says they'll be rebranding to a more family friendly concept. A process he calls, and this is true hooter. What would make Hooters a family brand? Is it that like you see the Hooters, but this time they're breastfeeding the whole time. It's just, is just breastfeeding The entire restaurant table Service is so slow.


Sorry, I'm breastfeeding Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first it's a game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play an air call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks at the Studio Bakker Theater in Chicago. Or you can come see us on the road. We'll be at the Merrill Auditorium in Portland, Maine on June 26th and 27th. For tickets and information, go to NPR r presents.org. Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, it's Sharon Coleman calling from Standards Virginia. Standards Virginia.


Okay. And And What do you do there? I work in the pharmaceutical biotech Industry. So when you work in the pharmaceutical industry, I, I've always wondered, do you get all the free samples you want? Mm, No. Not really. No. No. Do you get all the free samples you can steal without people seeing? No. Sharon, welcome to the show. Bill Curtis right here is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly, and two, the limericks will be a winner. Ready to go? Yep, I'm ready. Here is your first limerick, You officials and also my veep must adjust the late hours you keep.


10:00 AM is the time. Don't night off. That's a crime in my cabinet. Don't fall Asleep. Asleep. That's right. This week the president of Zambia warned his cabinet, he will consider it a serious crime if they continue to fall asleep during their meetings. Well, what do you do when you start every one of your meetings with a ceremonial glass of warm milk in a press conference That included a surprising amount of the word coning. The president said he had tried many times to address the issue in private with his ministers. Unfortunately they didn't hear him because they were asleep as a compromise. It will only be a misdemeanor if you do that. That thing when your head starts nodding and you snap back up at the last instance, Do they need to look at their sleep hygiene as a cabinet or does he go on and on like?


Well he says it's not his fault. He's very interesting. But that he says the problem is, is that the ministers are going out all night clubbing. That's true. That's what he says Every time before a cabinet meeting. Yeah. Like they're out clubbing and they come to the cabinet meeting at like 10:00 AM the next morning and they all fall asleep when he is talking. It's obviously Not. Yo Zambia is hopping. It is. Alright. Here is your next limerick. His great rise hasn't gone to his head. He's still filled with whole wheat yeas and dread. And on German TV he expresses on we he is burned the depressed loaf of Bread.


Yes bread. This week Germans are celebrating the 25th anniversary of a beloved children's TV character. A loaf of bread with clinical depression is the kind of thing that makes you say, oh, so that's why Germans are like that. The character's name is Burn Des and he's a TV presenter who is depressed because he didn't land his dream job. The mascot for a bakery's ad campaign. Man, when he finds out what happens to loaves of bread after the bakery sells them, he's gonna be even more depressed. Oh, did you even, did you always get an awe? 'cause people eat bread. Even the vegans among us are not upset about that.


Alright, here's your last Limerick On the floor where the atmosphere is thinning. We faced north when the meal was beginning. Lift my fork to my mouth. Now my views looking south 'cause we die while the restaurant is Hooters. Hey, good guess. Good guess. Good guess rhymes with thinning and beginning. We faced north and then we faced south and then presumably you'd face north again. Winning. I don't know.


Yeah. Did you say it? Well, you've already won, so I'll give it to you. The answer is spinning, spinning, spinning. Oh, the New York Times reports revolving restaurants are coming back. So now a whole new generation can experience the joy of saying, oh yeah, I think I went to one of those once. These include the View Restaurant and Times Square, which does a full rotation every 45 minutes. It's great. I've been there and I always say it's not truly fine dining if I'm not completely disoriented when I leave the bathroom. And similar restaurants are reopening around the country most with names reflecting the gimmick. There's Laron in Honolulu. Changing scene in Rochester, New York, and right here in Chicago. Old spinning bucket of twirls.


I need to write that down. Well, if you're here for another day, you definitely wanna stop by old spinny. Bill, how did Sharon do in our quiz? Did Well two Outta three is a win for you. Sharon. Good work. Congratulations. Thanks. Playing and take care. Thank You. Bye-bye. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term.


From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast These days, there is a lot of news. It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR. When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline.


We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast from NPR. Now on to our final game. Lightning fill in the blank. If our players will have 60 seconds and which two answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores Again? Nain has one. Tig and Josh each have three. Oh my goodness. How am I sucking so bad? All right, Nain, you're in third place. You're gonna go first. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, the longest speech in Senate history was completed by blank Cory Booker.


Right on Monday the White House began another wave of blanks affecting employees at US Health agencies. Layoffs. Right on Monday, the astronauts who were stuck in the blanks spoke publicly for the first time. International Space Station. Right on Wednesday, the CDC warned that cases of whooping blank were on the rise throughout the country. Cough right This week, an AI recipe generator was flagged after it posted a recipe for blank Biscuits, No cyanide ice cream, and also quote, actual cocaine on Tuesday. Teachers at a high school in Virginia said they saw notable grade increases after enforcing a blank ban. A phone ban, Cell phone ban, right? Known for his roles in Top Gun, Batman Forever and top secret actor blank passed away at the age of 65.


Val Kilmer right This week. A man in Texas who broke into a car dealership was caught after he blanked, Fell asleep in the car. He was Stealing. No, he called police 'cause he couldn't figure out how to get outta the building. Police say there was actually several unlocked doors the man could have gone through reports. Also say the only thing he managed to steal was a handful of candy. And even worse, he somehow ended up paying an extra $700 for Undercoating Bill. I think Nain did pretty well. Very Well. Six, right? 12 more. And that gives her 13 and the lead. Alright. Alright, Josh, I'm arbitrarily picking you to go next.


So here we go. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, despite over $20 million in spending by Elon Musk, the liberal candidate won the Supreme Court election in blank Wisconsin. Right. On Monday, the DOJ directed prosecutors to seek the death penalty against blank Louis Jean Manni. Right. On Monday, Italy said it would tighten regulations after a huge increase in people applying for blank Citizenship. Right? For in a first for women's sports South Carolina, coach Dawn Staley blanked after making the final four for a second straight year Celebrated. She celebrated by specifically by signing a baby's butt. On Monday, Mexico banned the sale of sweet treats in all of the blanks. Bakeries, No Schools. On Wednesday, the switch to was announced.


The latest gaming system from blank. Nintendo Right This week. A British man on his way to a soccer game who noticed papers littering the street, quickly discovered they were blank, Wanted posters for him. No Top secret documents about British troop movements. The papers included details about patrol routes, weapons, checks, and even included soldiers names and phone numbers. It's like top British military officials heard about the US group chat and were like, Hey, hold my room. Temperature beer bill. How did Josh do in our quiz? Pretty Good. Four, right? Eight more points. Totaled of 11 is in second place. Alright, so T's already been very impressive. How many does she need to win in her debut appearance on March?


Show One. Five to tie six to win. All right, tig, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, a federal judge dismissed the case against New York. Mayor Blank. Eric, Adam. Yes. This week the FAA confirmed the creation of stress managing teams to help blank deal with understaffing issues People. Yes. Specifically air traffic controllers. Though, on Monday an iceberg, the size of Chicago broke off an ice shelf in blank Water. The Antarctic. This week, a high speed chase in Nashville ended when officers caught the car they were pursuing when its driver blanked Stopped.


Yes. I wanna give it to you specifically. He stopped at a gas station to put more air in his tires. On Wednesday, the Queen Mary two was forced to end its crews early. After almost two 50 passengers caught blank Diarrhea. Norovirus, according to a new data, getting the blank vaccine could protect against dementia Shingles. Right? This week, a flight from LA to Shanghai had to turn around mid Tripp because blank forgot their passport Pilot. That's Right. Two hours into the flight, the 275 passengers heard. The pilot's very frustrated. Voice on the intercom announced they were turning around because he had forgotten his passport. The flight resumed six hours behind schedule.


But don't worry, passengers were awarded food vouchers worth up to $30, just enough to buy one egg to throw at the pilot. Did diarrhea count as neuroscience neurovirus? I don't know. I think, I think, I don't know if you can count. They wanted to Give the people what they want. Diarrhea. So Bill, using your best judgment, did Nita TAR do well enough to win? Well, For a rookie, she did great. Four, right? Eight more points. Stud of 11. That means our champ is McGee Far. Oh, You see came up from behind.


Oh my God. In both of your faces. Yes, Both of us. Yeah. That was really low. Ouch. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists, now that we have Liberation Day, what'll be the next new holiday? But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Ika writes our Limerick, our public address announcer as Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shane Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at Stude Bakker Theater, BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Nobos and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Blyth Robertson and Monica Hickey.


Our meteorologist is Peter Gwen. Emma Choi is our vibe curator, technical irrational of Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Is Mike Annabella Danforth Now panel, what will be the next new holiday? Negin. Farsad National Thank You Note Writing Day where you write all the Thank You notes you haven't done your whole life. Josh Goleman, Daniel Day, Lewis Day, which you prepare for by spending 364 previous days living as a calendar And take Nataro, Measles sch Measles day.


And if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it On Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis. Thanks. Also, judge Josh Goleman, Negin Farsad, And our new Rookie Tig Nataro. Thanks to all of you here At the Studebaker Theater and anywhere you are for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see ya next week. This is NPR R.


This message comes from Capital One. With the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms apply.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR RA show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.