(0s):
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.

(19s):
From NPR NWBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis, And today I am your Florida man. And here's your host at the Walt Disney Theater at Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts in Orlando, Florida. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You everyone. Thank You all so much. We are delighted to be back here in Florida, also known as America the sneak preview.

(1m 0s):
Later on we're gonna be talking to Moe Wagner. He is the star center for the Orlando Magic, who had to miss almost all this season with an ACL tear. Sad, but fortunately, his butt remains uninjured, so he will be able to sit with us and answer our questions. So first, though, remember, you need to limber up a little to avoid injury when you call in to play our games. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you on. Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hello. How Are you? I'm well. Who's this? My name is Kim Holmes and I'm calling from Chicago. Chicago. I was going to say we miss it not being home, but I, there was a snow storm there This week, and we're in Florida, so that's just not true.

(1m 45s):
But you could have been here on Monday when it was 60 degrees. We've experienced all four seasons This week. There you go. Well, Kim, welcome to the show. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First, you've seen him in Star Trek, lower Decks, Loki, and currently he's in Netflix's, man. On the inside, it's Eugene Cordero. Hi. Hi. Hello. Next he'll be at Comics Roadhouse at Mohegan Sun Casino in Connecticut. April 3rd through the fifth, and at the Pittsburgh Improv. April 18th to the 20th, it's Alonzo Bodden. Hello, Tim. Hello. And A comedian you can see in Concord, New Hampshire at the Capitol Center for the Arts on April 11th.

(2m 27s):
You can hear her on her weekly podcast. Nobody listens to Paula Poundstone. It's Paula Poundstone. Kim. Paula, How are you? Well, how are you? Good Enough, Kim. Kim, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis, standing before us is gonna read you three quotations from This week's news. Your job, of course, correctly identify or explain to us, two of them do that you'll win our prize. The voice of your choice from anyone on our show you might like for your own voicemail. You ready to go? Let's Go. Let's do what your first quote is, summon with a positive take on being stuck very far from home for nine months. We got a little more time to enjoy the view. That was Sonny Williams, who This week finally got home from where The international space stage.

(3m 9s):
There You are. Right. Very good. Kim. Nine months after they left for a planned eight day stay on the Space Station, astronauts Sonny Williams and Butch Wilmore finally made it back to Earth on Tuesday. Everybody was thrilled for their safe return. And the ISS even waived their late checkout fee. Imagine that. They go up for eight days, they're stuck in space for nine months. That's that's time enough to, to have a baby. And I bet a little bundle of joy is gonna burst out of butch wilmore chest cavity any day.

(3m 53s):
You know? Hey, they're, they're, they're heroes and they handled it so amazingly well. You never heard anything but that they were excited to be there. Yes. But I think as Americans we are prepared or certainly, well, I mean, you know, people my age and up are prepared for that. For a trip to take a turn where you stay longer than you planned be because of Gilligan's Island. We know that the Yeah, that's true. We were raised on that. It was supposed to be a three hour tour. Tour tour, A three hour tour. Yeah. And the tiny ship was tossed. And so Yeah, that's true. I mean, we, we, we, gen X-ers we're all prepared for that.

(4m 35s):
Absolutely. And I'm sure it's part of astronaut training. Yeah. They all want it. Yeah. That's why they all bring large chests of fancy clothes. Yeah. When we say they didn't complain, I think we didn't hear them complain. That's exactly Right. I suspect there was somebody at NASA who heard a lot of, what the hell are you doing? They're splashed down. This was true. They splashed down and the spaceship was immediately surrounded by this pod of dolphins. It was beautiful. But of course, with Butch and Sonny's luck, they turned out to be the man eating dolphins.

(5m 15s):
Alright, here is your next quote. Spies state secrets. No second Gunman. That was the New York Times headline about a trove of files declassified and released This week. Files all about what? The assassination of JFK. That's right. The JFK files. This week, the JFK files were finally released and it turns out he was murdered. Were, was any, did you ex either, any of you, I should say, did any of you expect anything exciting? Were all of you interested? What secrets would be finally revealed? I'm so glad no brothers got blamed.

(5m 55s):
We, we were all sitting back like, oh, this will be the one moment in black history. They don't erase. Yeah. It, it is, it is true though, that all of those people who thought there was some conspiracy that was gonna get blown open, we're all very disappointed. There's nothing in all of these thousands of pages about, say the second shooters on the grassy knoll. It's just useless trivia about how the CIA works basically 5,000 pages of like time sheets and memos and one expense report that says, pay Lee Harvey Oswald.

(6m 38s):
Do you wanna hear a true thing? There's nothing in this about any conspiracy. Lee Harvey Oswald apparently did act alone, but there is all this stuff about why the CIA should have known what he was up to, including the fact that, and I'm not kidding, he was overheard after he was denied a visa to get into Cuba. He was so angry. He shouted, I'm going to kill Kennedy. Wow. Yeah. But that can be a red heron. Yeah, Absolutely. Alright, Kim, your last quote is from relationship expert Terry, or book Research questions and make a list of topics beforehand. Now, our book was advising us all to plan out exactly what you are going to say before you go on a first what Date.

(7m 24s):
Exactly Right? Yes. Apparently the latest thing in dating advice is this, plan your conversation ahead of time and to make sure you don't forget your list of chosen topics. Write it on a three by five card and tape it to your dates forehead. Wow. Yeah, I mean, I usually start my first dates with like a good two page monologue, and then I do 16 bars of my favorite uptempo Broadway show. Right. And it usually goes great. And then I go on my next first date with another woman. Exactly. And I try it again. And I, every time I do it, my monologue gets better. But it's true. My singing gets worse.

(8m 4s):
Well, I'm glad You're, you match. I'm glad you're workshopping your monologue. Yeah, Yeah. Very important. Especially there. Yeah. From Boxy Blues. Now the question, the thing is like, you're gonna plan it out, but you gotta be flexible. You gotta be nimble. For example, if you had a date set for say, last Tuesday night, you'd want to be ready with, oh, so great. The astronauts made it back and shame about those astronauts. Well, you know what's interesting about this proposition you're making is that basically you're saying be prepared to say anything, which would be the same as not being prepared. Wow.

(8m 45s):
Yeah. But you had that written down on your path. Exactly. Oh yeah. I had that written down. Yeah. My question would be, is the expert who wrote this, have they ever been on a date Bill? How did Kim do in our quiz? What a score. Three in a row. You won. Congratulations, Kim. Thank You. Thank You so much, Kim. Thanks Kim. Thank You. And now panel time for you to answer some questions about the rest of the week's news. Alonzo, there's a new company out there called lvi, which is focused on figuring out if people are lying when they claim to be what A certain age.

(9m 27s):
A what? Certain age. Just gimme the range. They claim to be 30. No, 50. It's Called Lev Quest. Oh, 150. I don't, Yes. 150. Oh wow. Wow. Or that's a magic number now. Or, well, I gave it to you because when the people claim to be very old, this company checks out their claims. Finally, someone is leading the charge against the scourge plaguing in the globe for far too long. People claiming to be super old, who are in fact, only very old. I mean, why would you say you're, you're saying these stories like on TV when somebody's 108 or a 15. Exactly. Yeah. They, so if somebody just comes to you and says they're 108, you're actually gonna go to a company to verify it like that.

(10m 11s):
Well, that's what they do. Like Who the hell cares? They fly and they sort of, they show up like this, this 106 year old woman who was chosen as a torch bearer for the Tokyo Olympics. Say they show up, this company goes out to them and says, prove it. That's elder abuse. Yeah. I mean, if somebody's really old and they, maybe they missed a couple of years, I'd let that go. You Know, Once you hit, once you hit 95, just call it what you want. Yeah. It's not like you're gonna get even more of a senior discount. I mean, that's pretty much it. You know what if you're 105 and you are sharp enough to lie and say, one 15. Yeah, I'm gonna give it to you.

(10m 51s):
I'm gonna be like, wow, okay, Boy Are we different? So the company, I would spend any amount of money to bust these Liars. Really? They're not gonna get away with it. I'm tired of being lied to. The company's 34-year-old founder is fascinated. He says, oh, is He really, really? They're not. Wow. He's fascinated with the lessons we can learn from people who live past a hundred that can all help us perhaps increase our own longevity. But he is not here to waste time with some plain old 96-year-old. I, I have a friend and he recently, he turned 65 and he said, that's it.

(11m 31s):
There's nothing left. Like there's no age benefit after that. You know? That's true. So again, so if you say you're 90, or if you say you're 115, what do you win? You can carry the torch an Olympics, please. You were at the first one Coming up. It's an as seen on TV Bluff The Listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. From NPO

(12m 3s):
Support for NPR in the following message, come from GoodRx looking to take control of your health. With GoodRx, you can find big savings on your prescription medications. GoodRx lets you compare prescription prices at over 70,000 pharmacies and instantly find discounts of up to 80%. And even if you have insurance or Medicare, GoodRx may beat your copay price. So for simple, smart savings on your prescriptions, go to GoodRx dot com slash wait.

(12m 27s):
This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.

(12m 58s):
On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted Lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't got yet. I Guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where Cards Control the conversation

(13m 26s):
From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Paula Poundstone, Eugene Cordero and Alonzo Bodden and hearing in as your host, a Dr. Philip Center for the Performing Arts in Orlando, Florida. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Thanks everybody. Right now it's time of course. For the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr Hi, you're on.

(14m 6s):
Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is Kim and I'm calling from Cumberland, Maine. Oh, that's, I was born and raised in Saskatchewan. Right. So you moved from Saskatchewan, Canada to Maine to the United States. Yes. Do you regret that now? Sometimes. Yeah, sometimes. What? What do you do there in Cumberland, Maine? So I'm a primary care doctor. Oh you are? Yeah. Yep. You're, you're, that's the best kind of doctor as far as I'm concerned. Yeah. All about the preventative care. Yeah, exactly. Well welcome to our show, Kim.

(14m 46s):
You're gonna play the game in which you have to tell truth from Fiction. Bill, what is Kim's topic? Honey, you're on tv. It's always fun to be on tv, whether it's being interviewed in the local news or maybe seen in the crowd at a football game or French kissing your brother on the white Lotus. This week we heard about somebody getting on screen for a somewhat surprising reason. Our panel is each going to tell you about it. Pick the real story. You will win our prize. The wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Yes. Alright, let's hear first from Paula Poundstone. Just before the start of their recent soccer game. Bulgarian team Arta paid tribute to recently deceased former team member Petco Ganache.

(15m 29s):
Both teams lined up and bowed their heads for a moment of silence. Meanwhile, this 78-year-old ganache was running late to get home to watch the game on tv, as was his practice. He wasn't dead when he pulled up at his house. His wife came out crying and shouting. Petco. Petco. They announced on TV that you were dead. Che was so shaken by not being dead, he downed a glass of brandy. So many people called me relatives, friends, acquaintances, and not so big acquaintances. Che said like maybe Stoen. I Ivan's friend from the bar that he met that time.

(16m 10s):
Petco. Yes, it's me. Stoen. Do I know you? Yes. We met at the bar that time. I'm Ivan's friend. Were you wearing a striped shirt? No, I had a blue shirt. Oh yes. Stoen. Hello Petco. Are you dead? Petco may not have been dead, but he did watch a moment of silence for himself on the TV before a soccer game. Your next story of a television tale comes from Alonzo Bodden. Matt Collins worked for Amazon. Everyone thought Amazon Prime one day delivery was fast.

(16m 53s):
Then they saw Matt run. KCAB obtained this video from a neighbor's ring camera. Matt was dropping a package when Thor, a notorious neighborhood. German Shepherd got loose in the video. Matt ran past his truck, leaped a small garden hedge and increased the distance between himself and Thor until Thor simply gave up. Thor wasn't the only one to see Matt run. Pete Walker who once coached primetime Sanders said Matt was the fastest man he's seen since he saw Dion run a 4 2 40 in college. Pete had to find and time Matt. Matt ran a 4 3 5 40.

(17m 33s):
Now it's rumored Thor's 40 time was about four five, but no one's been brave enough to verify that. It turned out Matt had been a high school player, but he didn't get recruited for college and was working at Amazon to help pay for his education. Well, Matt won't have that problem anymore since he didn't play college ball. Even at age 21. Matt had his full eligibility and is now a full-time scholarship as cornerback at Alcorn State University. An Amazon delivery man is caught on camera out running a German Shepherd and gets himself a football scholarship. Your last story of somebody getting screen time comes from Eugene Cordero.

(18m 15s):
When Jason Tres of Alhambra California began his day with his usual cup of coffee and switching on the local morning news, he was met with a story asking, are we too addicted to junk food? During the segment, it showed stock footage of various people eating fast food or drinking soda. There was one noticeable snippet to Mr. Estrella of a man drinking an extra large soda, holding a hot dog and wearing a green T-shirt. That read got a bad case of bad shingles. We can cure it. Tres Roofing. This was in fact Jason tres himself in the video and he was shocked.

(18m 57s):
I was excited at first that I was on the news until I saw what the story was about, said tres. But lucky for him, more people were intrigued with the shirt than they were about his quick meal options that he chose. Businesses picked up quite a bit. Mr. Tres said, I hope they keep using the footage. It's free advertising. Plus a few customers have had hot dogs ready when I arrive to do the job. Alright, here are your three choices. Somebody was surprised to see themselves on tv. Was it from Paula Poundstone, an elderly former soccer player who watched his own memorial service with a moment of silence even though he was still alive to watch it from Alonzo Bodden, an Amazon delivery guy who was caught on camera and then on the news sprinting so fast he got himself a gig and a football team, or from Eugene Cordero, a man who saw himself used as an example of an unhealthy lifestyle, but it ended up bringing him some business.

(19m 57s):
Which of these is the real story of a surprise TV appearance? Oh hey. Oh hey, I think I'm gonna go with Paula's Story. You're gonna go with Paula's story. Well, to find out the correct answer, we spoke to a reporter covering the real story At a football match in Bulgaria. There was a minute silence for a former player of PFC Arder who wasn't actually dead, That was guardian reporter Paul MCNs talking about the moment of silence at the soccer game. Congratulations Kim. Paula was telling the truth. I took a moment to glare at the people who objected.

(20m 38s):
While it was telling the truth, you earned a point for her for doing so, but you yourself have won our prize. The voice of your choice on your voicemail. Awesome. Thank You. Congratulations. Thank You Lord. Well well done. Thanks for calling and playing. Thank You. So, And now the game where we ask accomplished people about things they know nothing about. We call it not my job. I'm right for that one. Alright. Moe Wagner was the star of his basketball league as a young man in Germany when he sent a highlight reel of himself to the coach at the University of Michigan. And he soon found himself a wolverine, or as he might say, a vine.

(21m 19s):
He then joined the NBA and has been the star center for the Orlando magic since 2021. Moe Wagner, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You Guys. Thank You. Thank You. So you grew up in Berlin, Germany and I don't know the answer. How big is basketball in Germany? It's grown, definitely soccer of soccer or football. We call it football, sorry, Americans. The, the, the main sport. But the basketball community has grown obviously with Dirk Naski. We have a huge, huge representative. And basketball is, is getting bigger Now. Did you, were you gravitate to basketball originally or were you playing soccer and then you passed six feet in height and somebody said, no, we'd like you to pick up the ball now.

(22m 3s):
Actually, actually, funny story. So yeah, I played soccer. I love soccer. I love being outside, getting dirty in the grass and playing with with my friends. And then at some point my mom got so sick of waiting outside in the rain watching me play all day that she forced me more or less to try out a gym sport. And because I was very tall, she was either handball or basketball. My dad did handball, so I chose basketball. A little rebellion. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Just it's a shame 'cause you could be playing uncounted millions in the national handball only. Yeah, bad decision on Me. Yeah, I guess so. Well, second best is always okay. Yeah, it's okay. Yeah. Now, I was surprised by this. I had assumed that you were, had been scouted and found by Michigan, but in fact, as I said, you were interested in American collegiate sports.

(22m 49s):
You wanted to like go to America and play for an American college specifically Michigan. Michigan was kind of like, now obviously Michigan man go blue forever. But back then it was kind of like, back then it was just kind of the only school that offered me a scholarship. So I was like, sure you that I'll do that. But I will say both my parents went to medical school are doctors, so going to school was kind of thing in my family and I didn't want to be the outlier on that end. At least act like I cared and I didn't want to go to medical seal. That's for sure. And and also, like I said, again, it's hard to get on the radar. So you, I tried to play on ESPN and have people see me to go to the NBA and that was possible in Michigan and less possible in Germany.

(23m 36s):
So that was kind of like a surefire answer. Yeah, absolutely. So you, you had ambitions to go to the NBA, like You were like Exactly. Yeah. I, I hate to admit that to my mom nowadays, but I really just went to the University of Michigan to go to the NBA. You are a, you are also quite famously part of one of the very few pairs of brothers in the NBA. That's Correct. Your, Your, your brother also went to Michigan, came from Germany to Michigan, and then now is with you on the magic. Correct. And so was, was it like all you, you're like, dude, this is great. You're gonna do this? Yeah, yeah. Kind of like he owes me everything. Honestly. I appreciate you setting that up for me.

(24m 20s):
I kind of turned from the younger brother into my landlord within four years, so that's awesome. But no, obviously a, an amazing experience. This is a crazy, crazy lifestyle we live and to get to share that with your family and at that level is, is is pretty cool. Now, Now you are six 11, correct. And your brother is six 10. So do you like torture him by holding things up out of his reach? Yeah, Like he surpassed me in about everything in life except for that little detail. So I, I try to rub that in every day. Yeah. I pet you too. Literally rubbing in the top of his head, which you can reach because you're An installer. He can't do nothing about it. Do You, so you guys, so so you live together, you have your own like basketball house Exactly.

(25m 4s):
Crib. We got a full court upstairs and a full court downstairs in which no, like, yeah, he bought a house. I live upstairs, he lives downstairs. So we have some separate rooms. We don't, we don't bunk bed or do anything like that. There should be privacy allowed on the road as well. So we don't share hotel rooms or anything like that. It's, it's, it's, we are still two individual grown men, but we Enjoy, enjoy we live together, together. Do the same thing on the same team. The Cool thing is our mom gets to be around all year, so that's awesome. Yeah, right. Oh, Mo can I, can I ask you something about a story I Heard? Oh, please. So I heard that you guys obviously speak German and that you talked some smack while you're playing in German and that Luca Dik understood what you were saying about him.

(25m 54s):
What, what were you guys saying and what did he pick up? I don't think he understood what we were saying, but I definitely, I mean, he's obviously from Slovenia, so he has some experience with, with European language and he picked up on that pretty quickly. Yeah. But he definitely didn't know what we were saying. It's pretty cool because France and I obviously we have some opinions about our teammates or opponent teams, so we utilize our native talent. Yeah, yeah. Really You are on like the court, you're in an NBA game with your brother and you were like talking trash about the other players in German, so Absolutely. What's the best, they, they can't be mad at you if they don't know what you're saying.

(26m 36s):
That's true. Let's just say, let's, let's just say we are happy that there's no German ref in them. I understand. Yeah. Well, Mo Wagner, we have invited you here to play a game that we're calling. Even You would look up to seven 11, Right? So you're six 11, so we thought we'd ask you about something even taller. Seven 11 answered three questions about the global giant of convenience stores and you'll win a prize for one of our listeners, the voice of anyone they might choose from our show on their voicemail. Bill, who is Moe Wagner playing for Terry Bri, cutter of Orlando, Florida.

(27m 19s):
All right, you ready? We'll See. This may be the first competition you've done in a few months. So let's see How rescue you're, see Here's your first question. Seven 11 is very proud of their signature drink the Slurpee. In fact, they celebrate the frozen drink with which of these a one day a year you can bring a cookie jar from home and fill it up at the Slurpee machine. B one day a year when franchisees can sell in their own custom Slurpee flavor, they develop at home or c one day a year when they hold a 10 minute moment of slurp ness and they just let the machine flow out onto the floor.

(28m 1s):
How big is the cooking jar? Yes, you're right. It's the cooking jar. It could be anything. In fact, it's called bring your own Container day. And if you're interested, the only rule is it has to fit under the spigot and it happens on one day. It is July 11th. Get it seven 11. So get ready everybody. Oh yeah. Here's your next question. Amazingly, not everyone loves seven 11, like an unhappy former franchise owner in Boston who got back at the company by doing what? A, going into stores and quickly rewiring the hotdog rollers. So they spun at 5,000 R Rrp m the swapping out an entire shipment of coffee destined for all of the area stores with decaf or opening a competing convenience store, which he called six 12 across the street.

(28m 51s):
I, that is a very petty way of doing that. I would go see, There you go. Yeah, you went right before that and that's what he did. He opened six 12, it's opened from six till 12. It's better. And seven years after he did it, it is still there. Alright, here's your last question. Seven 11 stores are unfortunately, as we all know, frequent targets of robbers. But at least one Oregon man did not get away with any money when he tried to rob a seven 11 With what weapon? A his fingers, which he held up in the shape of a gun. BA pool noodle, which he stiffened by inserting 10 straws from the drink dispenser. Or C he didn't have a weapon. So he asked the cashier, Hey, do you happen to have a baseball bat behind the counter?

(29m 34s):
And if so, could I borrow it? I go, I, I'm, I'm gonna go with C here. I'm gonna say that for the audience listening at home, it's a little difficult because there's a whole group of opposing fans in front of him waving things at him to distract him. That was my attempt at a basketball joke that failed. I apologize. Alright, So your choice, your choice is C. You're gonna go for a ask the guy. So do you have a baseball bat? Can I borrow it? That feels, yeah, it feels innocent and smart at the same time. Yeah, I'm afraid it was a, in fact, it was the finger gun. Really? Yeah. The police say quote, the clerk was not convinced and the man left without anything.

(30m 18s):
Bill, how did Moe Wagner do on our quiz? Mo two out of three is a win. Yes, it is. His first in a while. How did it feel? It feels phenomenal. I know it's been a minute. You're right. May may this be the first of many to come in the next year. Thank You guys. Moe Wagner is the star center for the Orlando Magic, currently on involuntary leave. Moe Wagner, Thank You so much for joining us here in Orlando. Thank You guys. Have a good one. In just a minute, you're gonna want to bring your mustard For our e listener Limerick challenge call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air.

(30m 58s):
We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me. From NPR At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint is the best in the World. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, It's very rare for people to go inside Two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here, they're all smart. Don't worry About Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts At NPRs pop culture, happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss.

(31m 43s):
And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR. Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I am Bill Curtis.

(32m 23s):
We are playing This week with Alonzo Bodden, Paula Poundstone and Eugene Cordero. And here again is your host at Dr. Philip Setter for the Performing Arts in Orlando, Florida. Peter Sagan. Thank You, bill. In just a minute. Anyone sensitive to flashing lights or awkwardly forced rhymes are advised to look away. It's our Listener Limerick challenge. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel, it is time for you to play a new game that we are calling. How's the guy who invented Pirate's Booty doing?

(33m 4s):
Now the inventor of Pirate's Booty. America's most popular flavor of styrofoam is named Robert Ehrlich. And Mr. Ehrlich lives in a small village on Long Island, and he has wanted to be the mayor. So in honor of his fascinating career in both toddler snacks and now politics, we are going to ask you about Mr. Ehrlich, but we're gonna do it rapid fire for each of you. True false style. Here we go. So we'll start with Eugene. Eugene. True or false? Mr. Ehrlich likes to use his professional title, emperor of All Snacks. Oh, Please True. No, it's false. He wants you to call him Captain Booty head.

(33m 47s):
I love this guy, Alonzo. Oh, just wait. Alonzo, true or false, his first attempt to become mayor was to walk into the Village Hall, announce quote, I'm the mayor now you're all fired. Where's my office? True. Yes, Paula? True or false? When he was told that didn't really count. He then became a write-in candidate for this week's mayoral election, and he declared victory 30 minutes after the polls closed. True? No False. He declared victory 30 minutes after the polls opened. Opened. Wow, wow, Wow. Eugene.

(34m 27s):
True false. As a write-in candidate with an absolutely aggressive campaign around town. He ended up getting 1064 votes. True. No false. His opponent, the incumbent mayor, got 1064 votes. He got 62. Oh buddy. So it was close. It was A lot. A lot of these are trick questions. They are. That's it. For the first edition of How's the guy who invented Pirate's Booty doing? Ah, man. But, but given, given what this guy is like, we'll be playing it again before the end of the hour. Oh, I'm Hoping, Oh man, I could play this all day. It's amazing. He's a remarkable fellow. When My kids were little, my oldest daughter had some health problems that she wasn't supposed to have.

(35m 11s):
Certain food, like little dietary restrictions. So she comes home one day, she was always coming home with like foods that I hadn't sent her off with all over her shirt. And so one day, somehow this came up that she had gotten some sort of food that she wasn't supposed to have. And it was that Pirate's Booty, which I had never heard of at the time. And I said, well, you know what I asked her about? She said, I was eating pirate's booty. And I said, there's no such, that's a no. There's no such thing like that. And she goes, yeah, there is. I said, there is. I get so angry, I go, booty is like a phrase, honey, for like a woman's butt. They would not name a snack food, pirate's, booty. They just wouldn't. And then of course, we're in the grocery store and the kids show me and I'm like, okay.

(35m 53s):
So that's like a regular criticism that I receive from my adult children, right. Is to reminisce about the pri pirate's booty story. So I'm looking forward to playing the game again. You know, unfortunately a lot of children's snacks are other words for women's butts. Yeah. Bombas Kellogg's Bad Donka Dons. My kids love those Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight.

(36m 35s):
Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. And you can see us live most weeks back at the second most magical place on earth. The Studio Bakker Theater in downtown Chicago. We concede it. We concede it. Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hello. Yeah. Hey, this is Eric Bowman from Kansas City, Missouri, Kansas City, a place we love. What do you do there? I am a SEO specialist. You're an SEO specialist. That's, I know this, this search engine optimization. Right? And the idea is that your job is to help companies show up quicker or higher up in search results, right? Yeah, we do some manipulation.

(37m 15s):
Oh, do you? So let's say I wanted to be higher up in the Google results for people who are searching for quiz show host. What would I, what should I do to sort of goose my own ranking? Goose your own ranking. That was gonna be my same question. All Right. Eric, I, I know you get paid for that advice, so let's just move on. Yeah. Boy, he was not given away. No, No trade secrets. Yeah. E Eric, you're gonna play the game in which Bill Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks, but he is not gonna finish them. That will be your job.

(37m 56s):
Do that two times outta three. You will be a winner. Ready to go? I think so. I was an English major. Well Then there you are. You've trained for this, you've studied, here we go. Here is your first limerick. There's not much. We old penguins require a nice pool and a good fish supplier. Old age has a perk. We are done with our work in this part of the zoo. We Retire. Retire, yes. There You go. The New England Aquarium in Boston is opened what we believe is the first ever retirement home for penguins. Six African penguins moved in in This week so they can have sex.

(38m 36s):
I mean, eat in peace. According to the New York Times, the quote, geriatric penguins are mostly in their thirties, which rude. This is true. One penguin is only 14 because she's there with her 3-year-old penguin partner. She says she loves him, you know, but mostly she's waiting for him to die so she can inherit his collection of pebbles. Here is your next limit. Sometimes towers of food can be fraught Slugs, fancy foods overwhelm and are thought bugs, but nothing's more fun than some wieners and buns. So we're serving a tower of Ah, love Tower.

(39m 23s):
I love, Listen, we'll do it one more time, bill, and we'll listen for the rhymes. Sometimes towers of food can be fraught slugs, fancy foods overwhelm and are thought bugs. But nothing's more fun than some wieners and buns. So we're serving a tower of, I'm dying here. Ah, nothing. Wieners and buns. I'm thinking bratwurst, but Bratwurst, you're Thinking, I mean, how could You not? I know, Exactly. Oh my God.

(40m 3s):
I'll just give it to you. The answer is, hot dogs hotdog, a tower of hot dogs. The hotdog tower is a multi-tiered tray of hot dogs, condiments, french fries and sides. Imagine one of those seafood towers, but the food you see is hot dogs. Right? Now, this presentation makes sense. You might ask someone, listen, do you want eight hot dogs? And they'd say, of course not. But do you want eight hot dogs arranged in a tower reaching up as if to touch the face of God? Absolutely. And people spend money on this at a Bar. Yes, they do. All the time. The hotdog tower. Wow. Well, they may also be with a group of friends, in which Case, no, I think that's one guy by himself just going to town on that Towel.

(40m 51s):
That is, that is a sculpture of food and a cry for help. Yeah. Here is your last limmer. Let's see if we can get this one At the gym. All my muscles are aching, so there's new buzzy workout I'm taking all day. I just vibrate and then I rehydrate I'll get really fit by just Thigh embalming. So hard. No, It rhymes with baking and taking and it's, it's like vibrating. Shaking. Shaking. Yes, yes, yes.

(41m 34s):
The answer is shaking. Yes. Thanks to social media. Of course. The so-called weight loss equipment known as vibration plates are back. That's the beautiful thing about the circle of life. Every 30 years an old scam can come back to trick. Yes. A new generation of people. Oh man. Does this mean that the shake weight is coming back to We can only hope? Oh man. There is nothing like watching somebody use that. Nobody, I don't think anybody ever did. But it would be fun to stand on a vibrating plate and hold the shake weight and it would shake the weight for you. Yeah. Full body Workout. Yeah. Bill, how did Eric do in our quiz? Two out of three. Two. Woo. It's all right, Man. You made it.

(42m 14s):
You did it. You got through. Alright. Thank You guys. Bye. Bye, Eric. Take care. You Guys have a good one, everybody shaking. Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the Human Cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get There. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR.

(42m 56s):
Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a new show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR. Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape, and that's where Shortwave comes in. We're a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.

(43m 43s):
Now it is time for our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Alonzo and Paula each have three. Eugene has Two. Alright, Eugene, that means you are in third place. You will be Up First. The clock. We'll start when they begin. Your first question, fill in the blank. On Thursday, president Trump signed an executive order ending the Department of Blank Education. Right. On Monday, a judge indefinitely blocked the ban on blank members in the military, Transgender Right citing safety issues. The Vancouver Auto Show barred electric car company blank from participating in the event Tesla. Right This week, cases of blank in Texas surpassed 300 Measles Right This week, jazz legend Herbie Hancock told the BBC.

(44m 30s):
The best advice he ever received was when Miles Davis told him, blank Blow harder. That's a good advice. But He said that Miles Davis told him, quote, if all you see are dudes in the audience, that means your music is dead. Oh, Wow. Tough stuff, But true. On Wednesday, the famed grand ole blank in Nashville celebrated its hundredth anniversary. Opry. Yeah. Grand Ole Opry. On Monday, it was announced that Conan O'Brien would return to the host the 2026 blank Awards. Oscars right. Following a marked increase of incidents, ophthalmologists are warning people not to mix up their bottles of eyedrops with blank.

(45m 11s):
With mouthwash, No. With bottles of glue. Oh. Many bottles of fingernail glue and eyelash glue look almost identical to eyedrop bottles and hospitals are seeing more and more patients who have accidentally dropped glue into their eyes. Wow. This a helpful hand. If you happen to do this and you glue your eyes shut. Just you can get help by just mashing all the buttons on your phone until it eventually calls nine one one. Bill, how did Eugene do in our quiz? Pretty good. Yeah. Six. Ride to 12 more points. Total of 14 puts him in the lead. Okay. We have a arbitrarily picked Alonso to go next. Alonso, fill in the blank. On Tuesday, a federal judge ruled that blank's attempt to shut down.

(45m 53s):
U-S-A-I-D likely violated the constitution. Musk Doge. Right on mosque. On Monday, chief Justice John Roberts offered a rare rebuke of blank Trump. Right? This week, Israel launched ground and airstrikes in blank, breaking their ceasefire with Hamas. Palestine. Good enough, Gaza. On Thursday, the EU announced they would delay implementing blanks on goods from the US tariffs. Right This week, the college baseball player was forced to apologize after he hit a triple and celebrated by blanking, running A home plate. No. By bending down to the third base line and pretending to snort it like cocaine on Tuesday, new data showed that the earth just experienced its blankest decade ever hottest.

(46m 33s):
Right? On Monday, a French politician called in the US to return to the blank Statue Of Liberty. Right? We're not using it. This week, a homeowner in Los Angeles allowed a stranger to use their bathroom despite the fact that the stranger had just blanked, Robbed them, no, Crashed his car into their house. You know how it is. You're driving home, you hear the call of nature and your options either hold it or crash your car into a stranger's house and ask them to use their bathroom. The homeowner's kindness was rewarded. The guy left a great review of their bathroom on Yelp adding and plenty of very exciting parking bill. How did Alonzo do in our quiz? Six. Right? 12 more points. His 15 puts him in the lead.

(47m 17s):
Alright. Right. How many then does Paula Poundstone need to win? Six to tie Paula? Seven new wins. Alright, Paula, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. Following a two hour call with Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin agreed to pause attacks on blank's infrastructure, Ukraine. Right? This week, researchers announced that they have found a way to keep blank symptoms at bay in some aging patients Alzheimer's. Right? On Tuesday, the Federal Reserve chose to hold blank rates steady Interest, Right? The opening round of the NCAA tournament included a matchup between the Houston Cougars and the Southern Illinois blank Young men, No Cougars On Thursday.

(47m 56s):
Officials in LA said there's a strong chance Kendrick Lamar would be involved in the opening ceremonies of the 2028 blanks Olympics. Yes. This week, two Japanese tourists were kicked out of China after they were caught blanking on the Great Wall. Ooh, I don't know. They were mooning each other on the Great Wall of China. Oh, alright. And they got thrown out for that. Yeah. I mean, they were surprised the two men were deported after guards caught them mooning each other. It's gonna be a real blow to the ego. Imagine realizing my butt is so hard to look at. I am no longer allowed in China. Bill, did Paula do well enough to win? She got four, right? 11 more points. Sorry. Not enough to catch Alonzo.

(48m 40s):
There we go. Thank You Florida. Congratulations. Thank You. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict where Sonny Williams and Butch Wilmore, who just got back from the Space Station will get stuck next. But first, let me tell you that Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR NWB Z Chicago and Association with UR Air Car Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Coka writes our limericks, our public address announcer, as Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald bj leader, been composer at Theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles dorm boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Blithe Roberson and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our Disney Princess.

(49m 21s):
Emma Choi is our vibe curator. Our jolly Good fellow is Hannah Anderson, technical Directionist with Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producers Ian Chill and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't Tell me, is Michael Danforth now panel? Where will Sonny and Butch gets stuck next? Eugene Cordero. They'll be stuck trying to answer the Limerick Challenge on this show. Alonzo Bodden, They'll be stuck 199 miles away from the dealership in a 200 mile range. Tesla And Paula Poundstone, They'll be stuck on Space Mountain.

(50m 5s):
Whoa, whoa. If any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it on Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill Curtis, thanks also to Eugene Cordero, Alonza boat, and Paula Poundstone. Thanks to the staffing crew if you stuck the Phillips Center for The Performing Arts and our Partners at Central Florida Public Media. Thanks to our fabulous audience here in Orlando, and thanks to all of you for listening at home. I'm Peter Segel. We'll be back next week.

(50m 47s):
This is NPR.

(50m 50s):
This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark cash plus terms apply.

(51m 4s):
Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants, incompetent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPRs. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast.