
This message comes from Amazon One Medical. Have you ever been banished from your bed by a loved one because of a cold Amazon one? Medical has 24 7 virtual care, so you won't have to stay on the Coie couch For too long, healthcare just got less painful. Amazon One Medical.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Shopify. No idea where to sell. Shopify puts you in control of every sales channel. It is the commerce platform revolutionizing millions of businesses worldwide. Whether you are a garage entrepreneur or IPO Ready, Shopify is the only tool you need to start, run, and grow your business without the struggle. Once you've reached your audience, Shopify has the Internet's best converting checkout to help you turn them from browsers to buyers. Go to shopify.com/npr to take your business to the next level today


From NPR and WP, easy Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm the voice. So peanut buttery. It comes in chunky and smooth. I'm Bill Curtis, And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal, Thank You so much, bill. Thank You everybody. Good to see you again. We do have a great show for you today. Later on, we're gonna be talking to one of the stars of the White Lotus Natasha Rothwell, who plays Belinda. Now, to refresh your memory, she's not the one who committed murder or the other murder or money laundering or adultery.


She just does a little blackmail, which on that show makes her a saint. We wanna know what you've been up to behind the scenes. So Give us a call. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Now, let's welcome our first listener contestant This week. Hi, you on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, I'm Chris Scho and I live on a farm near Cedar Rapids, Iowa. That's fabulous. So you're actually in an Iowa farm. True. You know, I remember. That's true. I remember vividly the first time I ever went to Iowa many, many years ago. And seeing a farm and thinking, oh my gosh, every time I saw a farm, when I was a kid looking at a picture book, I was looking at that. So you live in like the the perfect farm, right?


It is. It is. It's like Grant wood country here. Very, very picturesque. Right? And you just stand in front of it all day holding a pitchfork. Yeah, Yeah. Me looking, looking pastoral me, my Pitchfork, and my wife. Okay, very good. Very good. Well, Chris, welcome to the show. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First, she's a comedian, headlining at the DC Improv. July 11th through the 13th. It's Joyelle Nicole Johnson. Hello. Howdy, Howdy. Ooh. That's what we say. Okay. I've heard I've been there before. Next, he's a comedian who will be headlining the Gramercy in New York City on May 29th, and the Houston punchline on May 30th and 31st is Hari Kondabolu.


Howdy sir. Howdy Hi. And he's an actor and comedian. You can see Saturday, May 3rd at Joe's Pub in New York City. It's Peter Gross. Hey Chris. Hello Peter. So Chris, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's Bill this time. Bill Curtis is now gonna perform for you. Three quotations from the week's news, doing it better than the original people. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show that you might choose for your voicemail? Are you ready to get us started? I am. Alright. Your first quote is from the president of these United States. Maybe the children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls. He was comforting us because Christmas toy sales may be severely impacted.


By what? By Trump's tariffs. Exactly. By his trade war. His tariffs, man, I don't know. Is it just me or does ruining Christmas seem to start earlier and earlier each year With 80% of all toys and 90% of all the rest of the stuff you get for Christmas sold in America coming from China. Experts say that the Trump tariffs could create huge toy shortages for this holiday season. Promise made, promise kept right. Thanks to President Trump. We no longer have to say Happy holidays. Now we can say Merry Christmas.


You're not getting a present. We can say sad holidays. Exactly. You know, all you have to do is just put that green suit on and he's gonna look a lot like that. Grinch. Right? Yeah. He's got the same kind of body type and face. How do you explain to a child that they're not getting that many presents this year? Like what do you say? Like, sorry, kids. The North Pole got hit with tariffs. Yeah, all the elves got deported. Yeah. All the like children's books at Christmas are gonna be like, there's something called a supply chain. I've never been happier to be the only person on this stage without kids. Alright, Chris, here is your next quote.


Go Evil girl boss. Go. That was somebody quoted in Vulture. One of many, many people commenting This week about the 24-year-old girlfriend of what, 73-year-old football coach. That would be Bill Belichick. It would be very good. I think we can say that all America is captivated by this May, December, but it's December, 1932. Romance of famously grumpy football coach Bill Belichick and his much, much younger girlfriend, Jordan Hudson. Which it's so sad for her. She's just 24.


She's wasting her DiCaprio years. You know, for a guy who's like a professional football coach and has won what, six Super Bowls? Yes. It's pretty ironic that he's getting played so hard. So hard. I think it's love do really? I, I do. Because what 24-year-old isn't attracted to a dad bod and jowls. He wishes he had a dad bod. He's got a grandpa bod. Oh, I love it. I, I'm obsessed with this situation. I don't know if anyone's has ever looked into her eyes, but you shouldn't. 'cause she looks really evil. She looks like if Ursula and Maleficent had a baby, I don't know.


Everybody's Good for her. Everybody's so cynical about this relationship. Oh, she's too controlling. She just wants him for his money. I mean, what has happened to us? Is it so hard to believe someone might want to be with Bill Belichick for the sex? Their Story blew up This week after she kept trying to control a CBS Sunday morning interview. Like she is his boss, which maybe she is. She now calls herself the COO of Belichick Productions and she's applied for trademarks on phrases like the Belichick Way. And she says, this new company will experience rapid growth next year when she can finally legally rent a car.


How come? Can't she just be an influencer like every other 24-year-old? Why does she have to glom onto grandpa and take all Money? Well, she's an, she is, she's just influencing one special person. Person. Yeah. Remember he's 73, she's 24. To put that in perspective, their age gap itself is A A RP eligible. She also isn't a good COO because he asked the question of like, you know, where'd you guys meet? And she was like, we're not answering that question. And I was like, okay, it's given high class hooker. Yeah. But for me, that's very generous. You Need to have a stock answer because I met my boyfriend at a funeral and I tell anyone that will listen.


So I would think she would actually have a stock answer for that. You know? Well, She met, met him at a funeral. Anybody? It Was probably a dating app like Tinder or Grinder or grandfather. Alright, here Chris is your last quote. It's the only block of time that's deep focus time. That was a man talking to the Wall Street Journal about why he is part of a trend of alpha male go-getters. Who these days are all bragging about waking up when, I don't know. I don't know this. Yeah, well it was when the alpha worm gets the worm, I guess. Oh, Oh. JFK Junior. Yeah. Wait, Wait, JFK what?


Just, What just happened? Alright, what Just happened? This is What happened. I just, I, I just want y'all to know this. I said worm and of course these days everybody thinks of RFK, junior J FK Jr. Who as far as we know has never had a worm. I'll just give it a, these are the newest trend among guys who are trying to show how competitive and with it and world beating they are is they're all getting up at 4:00 AM That's the answer. All the real entrepreneur types are bragging about getting up at four. They're doing it thanks to viral videos. Testosterone fueled competition with each other and mountains of cocaine.


I just love that. I found out I have something in common with a Iowa farmer. Really? Like we're not on TikTok. Yeah. You have no idea. Yeah. If alpha males are doing that, if I was a man, I would be a beta cook. Yes, me too. They're claiming their alphas. But here's the thing. Here's the thing. If they're waking up at 4:00 AM that means they're probably gonna bed at 8:00 PM Oh, who's a baby now? Oh, you go to sleep at 8:00 PM Oh, Well actually that's true because one of the things that started this trend was this viral TikTok that went around when this influencer posted his routine for 4:00 AM He says sin lives late at night, so he goes to bed early. Right. There's no one to tempt you at 4:00 AM because no one's awake.


Except, well, damn. When did garbage men get so sexy? Except all the people who have been doing cocaine all night long are awaken for. Exactly. I guess so. Yeah. And most standup comedians, Bill, how did Chris do in our quiz? His answer on number three was so much better than ours. Let's declare him a winner with three and oh, there you are. Very good. Now get back to your front yard with your pitchfork. Thank You so much for calling Chris. Take care. Thank You. Bye-bye.


Right now, panel time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Joelle scientists at Germany's Max Plunk Institute for physics are behind some of the most important findings of our time, quantum theory gene editing. But now they've developed what they say is the perfect scientifically proven formula for what? Coffee Close. Well, it it being, am I close it being a food stuff? I'll give you a hint. They finally proved the bucatini theorem pasta. Yes. The perfect pasta recipe. Fresh off from proving that atmospheric diffraction spikes cause the moon to hit your eye like a big pizza pie. The max plank scientists have just completed extensive experiments into how to create the perfect plate of cacio.


I pepe Pasta. Oh. While the actual science is difficult to communicate to you, lay people. Suffice it to say that this is the first research project to ever make somebody say, Hey, who, who put meatballs in the particle Collider? Yeah. Wait, this is in Germany though. Well, this is ba The institute is based in Germany. But it was a, it was a collaboration of scientists from all over the World. Yeah. When the Germans and Italians collaborate with the Japanese there also, I'm on board. Sounds like us. A Party. The physicist pasta technique involves using heat to super saturate starch into water than entering a black hole, but leaving the Parmesan cheese behind on earth so it ages while we remain young.


You know, the people at the Velv Vita Institute have been doing wonderful, wonderful work with pasta for years. I, I recommend giving them a try. Okay. Well, you know. No, I'm glad this got done. 'cause if there's one person I trust to make great Italian food, it is a German physicist. Right. You Really enjoy this bon appetito when you are here, you are friendly. Coming up, our panelists rewrite history in our bluff listener game called one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to play.


We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from Capella University. The right support can make a difference. That's why at Capella University, learning online doesn't mean learning alone. You'll get support from people who care about your success and are there for you every step of the way. Whether you're working on a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, you can learn confidently knowing you'll get the dedicated help you need. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


This message comes from Amazon. Have you ever been so sick that even the thought of standing up to go to the doctor made you even more sick? Amazon One Medical has 24 7 virtual care, so you can get help while horizontal. And with Amazon Pharmacy, you can get medicine delivered fast right to your door. You just have to make it to your door. Thanks to Amazon Healthcare just got less painful.


This message comes from Charles Schwab. When it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices like full service, wealth management, and advice When you need it, you can also invest on your own and trade on Think or swim. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


This message comes from ezCater committed to helping organizations order and manage food for all their business needs with online ordering from favorite restaurants, employee meal programs, and tools to see and control food spend@ezcater.com.


From NPR NWBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Hari Kalu, Peter Gross, and Joyelle Nicole Johnson. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter, say gold. Thank You so much, Bill. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air. Or you can check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr for all the information you might need. Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi.


This is Dave Benninger calling in from Union Kentucky. Union Kentucky. Now, I, I dunno, where, What do you do there in Union Kentucky? I'm, I'm an environmental consultant. An environmental consultant like you show up and go. That's an environment. Yes, indeed. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Here's an environment. There's an environment. Dave, welcome to the show. It's great to have you with us. You're gonna play our game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Bill, what's Dave's topic? A historic, oops. See, History or herstory. I'm an ally, isn't set in stone. And This week we read about something once thought was an absolute historical fact, but it's been recently proven wrong.


Our panel is gonna tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth. You'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. You ready to apply? I am ready. All right. First, let's hear from Peter Gross. Forget everything you thought you knew about Dracula, or at least the guy they based Dracula on This week. Historians from the University of Ovv in Transylvania, Romania unearthed a trove of documents that revealed that Vlad and paler the 15th century Lord, who historians had believed impaled his enemies on wooden spikes didn't actually do that. In fact, the title, the Impaler, was actually a misreported version of his true nickname. A journal entry dated June 17th, 1462, written by a magyar. Duke tells the real story, dear diary, conquered by Vlad today, he's been so nice, total sweetheart.


But can I be honest with you? Diary, every time he takes a breath, there's an annoying rattling. Sound like a sword being dragged across a stone floor. It's the worst. I think he has a deviated septum. Or maybe there's a giant booger stuck in there. Either way, it's super irritating behind his back. We all call him Vlad the inhaler. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Gotta go Diary. Also, I think I have a crush on Kathy, one of the kitchen maids, but don't tell anyone. So the historic villain, Vlad, the impeller actually the much less threatening Vlad the inhaler. Your next back in time, take backseat comes from Joel Nicole Johnson.


China is home to many tourist attractions, the forbidden city, the terracotta army, and perhaps its greatest achievement of all a wall. This week, portions of the Ming Dynasty extension eroded and historians were excited to find a time capsule today. Delight. The peasant turned Emperor Tsu had a sense of humor. Among the items were locks of hair from each of his concubines holiday ornaments for the Chinese New Year, and a letter on papyrus from the emperor himself. The report detailed his true reason for extending and fortifying the wall. The emperor loved his dogs. While the massive project began as a way to keep out the Mongol hoards emperor tide, Sue realized it could serve another purpose to keep his precious shihtzu in the final line.


In the note says, sure, the emperor hated Mongolians, but he loved his dogs more so the response to the age old question, who let the dogs out? Not Emper tide. Sue. Turns out the Great Wall was built, not so much to keep the Mongol hoards out, but to keep the emperor's dog in your last blast from the past comes from Hari Klu. There are a few certainties about the distant past, but what we knew for sure was that Henry VIII had six wives. Gaul was divided into three parts. And the BeYou tapestry, the famous medieval work of art that depicts the Norman Conquest of Britain, had 93 penises embroidered into it.


Now, there is a claim of a Fallas fallacy, and that the tapestry, in fact has 94 penises on it. The bizarre number of flailing tools makes you wonder if this art was found in a medieval frat house. The dong drama began on the Medieval Extra Podcast when historian and Medieval Wang enthusiast, Dr. Christopher Monk, claimed he found a 94th shaft under the tunic of a soldier, which would surpass the total number of Willy Wonka's found by Bulge scholar George Garnet.


It should be emphasized that both these historians are men, because obviously That was so difficult. Art Artfully done, artfully done. All right, so here are your choices, Dave. We just found out an amazing thing about the past that we didn't know that rocked our world. Was it from Peter Gross, Vlad? The Impaler, the terrible monster of medieval Romania turned out to be just Vlad. The inhaler from Joelle Nicole Johnson. The Great Wall of China was built, at least in part, to keep the emperor's beloved dogs from running away or from Hari Klu.


It turns out there's one more member of the club in the Bayo tapestry. Which of these is the real story of historical revisionism? I, I'm gonna go with C. You're gonna go with c Hari's story of an additional element being found in the Bayo tapestry. Well, to bring in the correct answer here is one of the scholars involved in that discovery. One of the striking things about the tapestry is the number of penises In it. That was Professor George Garnet from the University of Oxford on the History Extra Podcast discussing the correct penis count of the tapestry in question.


Congratulations, Dave. You got it right. Hurry was telling the truth in his own way. You're in a point for hurry and you've won our prize. The voice of your choice and your voicemail. Thank You so much for playing with us today. Thank You all so much. This has been a bucket list item, So Thank You all. I'm so glad. Take care. And now the game where we ask famous people about obscure things. We call it not my job. Natasha Rothwell was one of those performers who became successful, in part because people just love having her around. She was a writer on Issa Rae's show Insecure and Issa loved her so much, she put her in the cast.


And after she was nominated for an Emmy for season one of the White Lotus creator Mike White brought her to Thailand for season three. Because what fun could it be without her? Natasha Rothwell, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You for having me, Caly. So before we go any further, let me ask you just to fact check me. Is that right? You were a writer for Insecure and Issa Rae, the, the creator of the show was like this character you've written, you have to player come be in the cast. Yeah, I was hired to write, I think I was one of the first people hired to write, and a few months into the writer's room, the character Kelly was created and I was called into their office and I thought it was because I made one too many naughty jokes.


That's, that's pretty awesome. Would you consider that your big break? 'cause you had been working actor for a long time. Yeah, I mean, I, I wrote for Saturday Night Live right before, so that kind of was the passport stamp. I needed to sort of open a lot of doors, but I feel like, you know, insecure was the wind at my back for sure. Yeah, You were, you are one of those people I admire because you, you, you were in the trenches for a long time before you made it big. You actually, you were doing comedy in Tokyo for a while. Yeah. At the Crocodile Club in downtown Tokyo for a lot of expats. Yeah. I found my comedic voice there for sure. Because you have to translate the, the humor has to translate, you know, regardless of what language was being spoken by the people in the audience.


And so it tapped into that idea of universal humor And what kind of jokes killed in Tokyo. Oh, status jokes. Oh, if the secretary was mean to the boss, watch out. Yeah. Really? The, the, they just, the, the business guys just lapped that up. Oh man. Yeah. Anytime you subverted expectations in that way, it was really, it hit home. And, and what did you learn from your four years of teaching high school in New York City? I don't want children.


Yeah. I'm child free and I'm, I'm so, so love, you know, I love children. I loved teaching. I just like other people's children. Right, Exactly. Do you ever do, now that you're a well-known performer on TV and elsewhere, do you ever hear from your former students and going, yeah, we knew that was happening? I do. I do. They used to actually try to find when I was performing at UCB in New York, because it was kind of like this weird superhero where I was a high school theater teacher by day and doing UCB comedy at night and they would just be like, yo, miss you swore, we heard you cuss, so that means I can cuss. And I had to let them know that that wasn't the case. Right, right. And have you ever used your, your, your influence position in fame to finally tell some of those kids what you really thought of them When they, when they see that I blocked them, I think they get the message.


So I found out something really interesting about the White Lotus. This is the huge hit show on HBO each season. If fact people don't know it takes place at a different luxury resort around the world. And one of the things I found out about it is that part of its conception was something that they could do during Covid. They started shooting it in 2020. Yeah. And so all you members of the cast were brought to the Four Seasons Hotel in Maui and kept there for months, right? Yes. It was like a bubble. And are you ready to tell us that that really wasn't as wonderful as we might think it is. Here's the thing, it was a, a beautiful five star prison.


Hear me out. You don't actually have to go, you don't have to go home with your coworkers most days. So you and the other cast members of season one of White Lotus are wandering around this big luxury hotel entirely by yourselves. So it's kind of like, yeah, Just imagine. Yeah. Just going to go get ice and Jennifer Coolidge is there, you know, it's like, it, it messes with your mind a little bit. Yeah. So it, it's kind of, so it's kind of like the White Lotus TV show and kind, but when the camera stopped rolling, it was like the shining. Absolutely. It was lovely. And I think that, you know, that's what makes Season three such a shock to my system because it was a larger cast, you know, and we could obviously be wherever we needed to be.


And so Mike has really figured out the formula for the show to be sure. Which is to cram you all into a luxurious place for months and not let you leave. Yes. I I, I heard from a, an interview with an a castmate of yours that it was actually quite hard to be in Thailand for that long 'cause it was incredibly hot and on the most miserable hot days, you all had to pretend that you were having the best time ever in this wonderful resort. Yeah. And so are you willing right now to a national audience to complain about this kick? I, I won't complain, but I will say we all got very adept at putting ice packs in places you would've never dreamed.


You would've never dreamed. Yeah. Yeah. Ice packs can get, can go a a long way. But, you know, they say want is the root of all suffering. And so I, after the first couple of week I weeks, I had to stop wanting it to be cold and like cool. So I had to accept it and yeah, just put ice packs in a lot of places. Well, Natasha, it is absolutely great to talk to you. We have invited you here to play a game that this time we're calling Sure. You froth well, but do you froth well Who? Froths. Well, Natasha Baristas. That's who. So we're gonna ask you three questions about coffee professionals, answer just two of them correctly, and you'll win our prize to one of our listeners.


Bill, who is Natasha playing for? Joanna Lee of Tucson, Arizona. Alright. You know the rules here. You get two, right? You win our prize. Ready to go. Alright. Just took a big breath. Is this like a stressful thing for you? You're the kind of person who even won. It's utterly meaningless and dumb takes tests seriously. My therapist is very well paid, right? Okay. Yes. Well let, let's, let's find out how much good they've done for you. Here we go. Here's your first question. Some baristas develop personal relationships with some of their customers. For example, after a customer's second visit of the day to a coffee shop, one barista told Reddit that he did what for the customer. A walked a third and fourth cup of coffee over to his job to save him the trip.


B held up the line for 20 minutes talking to him about his recent breakup. Or C Googled how much caffeine consumption will kill you. I'm gonna say Google how much caffeine consumption can kill you. Maybe that's right, Natasha. Because what happened was the, the customer who was apparently a chef came in and ordered a drink with 12 espresso shots and then came back just a couple hours later and asked for another one. At which point the baristas started googling his personal safety. Okay, very good. Here's your next question. In the annual world Barista Championships, competitors serve the judges drinks in three different categories.


But competitors are warned they will receive a score of zero in the milk beverage category. If they do what a, draw an obscene picture in their latte. Art B use human milk in the drink or c make frothing noises with their mouth while frothing the milk. That sort of thing. Oh, okay. I'm gonna say the eggplant art. No, actually it's, they're not allowed to use human milk. And we don't know why they came up with this rule, nor do we want to know.


One guy. One guy. One guy. One pregnant woman. Alright, this is fine, Natasha, because you've got one right with one to go. Here we go. There are Starbucks in unexpected places, some with unique rules such as a the Vatican where they deliver, but only to priests taking particularly boring confessions. B the CIA headquarters. But baristas are forbidden from writing names on the cups or see the base camp of Mount Everest. But you have to pack in your own cup. Coffee grounds and grinder Base camp of Mount Everest feels too specific not to be true.


So see, So the the, the theory would be that there's a Starbucks just there at the base camp. Or like, you would, you would have to deliberate, right? That's, you'd Have to, you'd have to bring up your own coffee, your own cup, your own grind. Oh, I misheard. I misheard my a d. ADHD is on fire, so I will say, mm. Boring confessions. Is it the Vatican? There's one answer you Haven't said. Ah, I don't know what you heard before this very moment, but I have been saying the CIA this whole time. You have to Yes.


The other things I blame Zoom. I blame Zoom. Can't write the names on the cups. 'cause they don't want people shouting out the names of the CIA agents at the CIA bill. How did Natasha doing in our quiz? Well, three, you know, For the White Lotus Natasha Rothwell is an Emmy nominated actor and writer. You can see her in season three of the White Lotus streaming on Max. Now Natasha, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You so much. Take care. Bye-bye. It's time four. It is time for it's time for of you have to, In just a minute, bill raises a toast to your good health and maybe saves your life as our listener limber challenge Call one Triple eight.


Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more if Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from Capital One presenting sponsor of the 2025 Tiny Desk contest. More than 7,000 unsigned artists entered NPR music's tiny desk contest. This year, the judges will pick one winner to perform behind the tiny desk at NPRs headquarters. Then the tiny desk contest is heading on the road. Join the fun this summer as the winner travels to 10 cities for one of a kind concerts in Los Angeles, Chicago, Nashville, and more. And at each stop a unique surprise headliner who has played the Tiny Desk, will join the bill with the 2025 winner. Visit npr.org/tiny desk contest to buy tickets. Then get ready to get out there with the Venture X card from presenting sponsor Capital One. With Venture X, you earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy, turning all of your purchases into extraordinary travel. Capital One, what's in your wallet terms apply. See capital one.com for details.


This message comes from Rinse these days you can do a lot from your phone, book a vacation, buy and sell stocks, but you can also make your dirty laundry disappear and then reappear washed and folded with rinse. Schedule a pickup with the Rinse app and before you know it, your clothes are back folded and ready to wear. They even do dry cleaning. Sign up now and get $20 off your first order@rinse.com. That's RINS e.com.


This message comes from Amica Insurance. As Amica says, empathy is our best policy. Whether you're seeking auto, home, or life coverage, they'll work with you to choose the policy that best serves you and your family. Discover how Amica can help protect what matters most to you today. Go to amica.com and get a quote today.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Viking. Committed to exploring the world in comfort journey through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking long ship with thoughtful service, destination focused dining and cultural enrichment on onboard and onshore. And every Viking voyage is all inclusive with no children and no casinos. Discover more@viking.com.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Peter Gross, ha, Klu, and Joyelle Nicole Johnson. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Bill. In just a minute. Bill likes big limericks and he cannot lie. If you'd like to play our listener Limerick challenge, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4 Right now. Panel though, some more questions for you from the week's news. Peter, a group of scientists, believe it or not, say that they have in fact cloned DNA from a tyrannosaurus Rex, but they're not going to reenact Jurassic Park.


They have isolated this DNA and they're gonna use it to make what Some tech bro is gonna inject it into himself. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Tyrannosaurus Rick, final answer. I have no more guesses. I have no more guesses. Okay. Alright, I'll, I'll take a hint. The T-Rex will from now on be known as the like, I dunno, Birkin Asosa. Oh, Birkin Asosa. They're gonna make shoes out of it. Like Birkin Stocks, not shoes, not Birkin stocks, but the Birkin, I don't know. Birkin Merckin. Birkin Merkin. No, dinosaur. Merkin. You are so straight. Because I don't know what a Birkin something is.


You Don't know what a, yeah. Birkin. The Birkin is probably the most famous kind of, I will seed this to Joelle, who seems to know the answer. Yes. That's a pocketbook baby. Yeah, it's a bag. They're going to make handbags out of Tyrannosaurus Rex leather. Oh my God. Oh my God. That's so elitist. Well, it makes sense when you think of the T-Rex, you think of its towering size. It's terrifying teeth. It's supple, buttery coat. Who hasn't looked upon the fearsome visage of the tyrant lizard and thought someday I'd like to lose a chapstick in that guy. Yeah. I feel like Lawrence Sanchez is gonna get this bag and take it to space With us. Yes, exactly. For her. And also, this is going to go wrong, right?


Oh, clearly. I mean, it's, they're not gonna be like, we're just gonna make part of the side. Just that. No, just that part. Jurassic Park is happening. Everything in science fiction is happening. This really, I really thought it was gonna be a, a nuclear disaster that did this in, but this whole dinosaur's coming back thing is really thrown a wrench into the odds. It's gonna be like somebody's gonna be walking around and like all at once, all the bags are gonna become alive. Yeah. They're certainly Eating people up their arms. Ooh. But they'll eat the rich first. Oh, that's, that's true. Oh, I love this plant. I'm behind this plant, Joel, This week we learned about a new place to meet someone. Apparently more and more people, according to the New York Times, are seeking love.


Where? Cracker Barrel? No. I'll give you a hint. If you want love, all you need is platinum status and three hours before your flood. That Delta lounge. Yes. Airport Lounges. Oh, That's the new, you know, meat market. People are sharing their meet cute stories at airport lounges like the United Club Delta Sky Club and the Jet Blue Kissing Booth, The Southwest Airlines cardboard box. No, they say it's the best place to meet, you know, attractive strangers. It's perfect if your type is man on business trip drinking cocktails at 7:00 AM according to one MX Centurion lounge lover airport lounges provide a quote targeted location to meet like-minded people.


You know, because the thing I look for in a partner is also willing to pay $700 a year for three hour old oatmeal. It is a, it's like a money in class thing. That's what it is. Yes. It's like, we belong here. That person also belongs here. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They don't wanna meet someone at the Hudson News. Yeah. Someone who's buying a whatcha Macau. That could be anybody. They want somebody. No one's getting a whatcha macka. They want somebody with a, Excuse Me. I buy whatcha McCalls In the Hudson News. I don't know why. Don't just go to the gate and look for love there. It's perfect. If what you're looking for in a life partner is somebody wearing pajama pants who lines up 90 minutes before boarding. Yes. Oh, I love the way you're wearing your neck pillow as you walk around the airport Coming up.


It's lightning fill in the blank. But first is the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Come see us most weeks right here at the Studio Baker Theater in Chicago. Or catch us on the road This summer will be in Des Moines, Iowa, and July 10th, and at Tanglewood in Western Massachusetts on August 28th. For tickets and information about all of our live shows, go to npr presents.org. Hi everyone. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, my name is Caleb Pops and Garcia. I'm From Tallahassee, Florida. Hey, Tallahassee. The state capital. What do you do there? I work in the environmental science field. Wow. We've been getting a lot of that today on this week's show.


It's really wonderful to hear. It's kind of like a farewell tour, but it's still great to hear. Well, Carol, welcome to the show. Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from me. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly in two of them, you'll be a winner. Ready to go? Sure thing. Here's your first limerick. Sparkling wine will relieve my crammed brain and my heart will relax. Its damned strain. My pulse feels no trouble. While I sip these bubbles, my doctor says, drink more wine. It is a form, Form of wine. The RI rhymes with crammed brain damned strain.


Bubbles are mentioned. Champagne. Champagne. Yes, indeed. New medical research says you might be able to reduce your risk of a sartan heart attack by drinking champagne, which is great news because what's worse than somebody holding up a glass of champagne saying, I'd like to propose a toast, and then dropping dead. So you never find out to whom according to the study. In addition to drinking champagne, it also helps if you eat a lot of fruit and have a quote, positive outlook on life. So shocking. I can't believe being a thin, rich optimist is good for you. Yeah. Are the shorts the champagne that's making a Difference?


Yeah. It's the ability to buy champagne and treat every day like it's New Year's Eve. Exactly. Alright. Here is your next limit. When I go to the beach or the chip shop with gross toenails, I can't make the quips stop, but lazy day fashion is my greatest passion. I spent 600 bucks on some flip flops. Yeah, flip flops. Yeah. Celebrities, influencers are, they're all obsessed this summer with the humble rubber flip flop, because nothing says fashion. Like, here is my whole foot flip flops may make you look carefree and whimsical, but they make you sound like slap, slap, slap, slap, slap.


Is there another article of clothing that is named after what it sounds like? That is a really good question. I don't have an answer. I'm posing This. That an, I'm just thinking. I'm think the shirts go, shirt, shirt, shirt. No. Yeah. Dup pants pant. No. I'd like to slow the show down and talk about every article of clothing. Yeah. No, But it is true. I mean, it turns out high fashion is now, you know, flip flops. You have to love it when something goes straight from a really sketchy gym. Shower to the runway. I don't like flip flops. You don't? No. I don't like feet and my boyfriend doesn't wear 'em. That makes me so happy. Yeah. Really? Yeah. What do you have against feet? Look At 'em.


Well show Peter your Feet. Alright. Here is your last limerick As he sits by the aisle. He's not shedding and his bark. You won't need to be dreading. There won't be any do-do when you exchange. I dos. I'll be watching your dog at your wedding. Yes. The latest must have assistant for your wedding is a dog chaperone, at least according to one in Northern Ireland who went viral This week. She says she has booked 50 weddings so far this year at $400 a day. And for that fee, she'll look after the dog, train it to pay attention during the ceremony, stand still during photos, and not to start yowling.


When the minister says, if anyone has objections to this union for an extra fee, she will train the dog to carry the ring down the aisle. So adorable. And help you choose the perfect song for the traditional doggy daughter dance And have the dog look away on the wedding night when Yes, Very awkward. When the dog is in the room, when people are trying to express their love to each other. But I feel like if your dog is at your wedding, it also sleeps on the bed with you. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. Yeah. Yes. And the the other, your partner has already had a conversation where you're like, so when we get married, the dog's not gonna do that anymore. Right? Right. And they're like, no, no, it is. Yeah.


Yeah. Bill, how did Caleb do in our quiz? He was perfect. He got 'em. All right. Congratulations. Really well done. Congratulations, and Thank You for calling. Thank You. Bye-bye.


This message comes from Mattress Firm. Spring is in full swing and it's the perfect time to refresh your routine. Starting with better sleep Mattress firms, sleep experts will match you with the right mattress because there's no one size fits all when it comes to rest. And to help you feel confident in your choice, sleep on your new mattress for 120 nights. Love it. Or get your money back. Get matched at Mattress Firm's Memorial Day sale and sleep at night. Restrictions apply. See mattress firm.com or store for details.


Support for this podcast in the following message, come from Mint Mobile. Summer is just around the corner. You may break a sweat, but don't break the bank. Get your summer savings at Mint Mobile Shop Premium wireless plans for just $15 a month@mintmobile.com slash wait. Upfront payment of $45 for three month, five gigabyte plan required. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With fin you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier, and you can get off the customer service rep. Hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom, named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at enter.com/npr.


Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds of, which should answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can Each correct answer now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Joelle And Hari each have three. Peter has two. Woohoo. Right. So Peter, you are in second place. Yes. That means that you are gonna go first. Here we go. Fill in the blank. In response to the signal texting scandal, Trump announced he was reassigning National Security Advisor. Blank, Whoever that guy is. Yes. His name is Mike Waltz, and he is gonna be un ambassador at the end of April. Both the s and p 500 and the blank closed in the red. The other one. The Dow Jones. Yes, the Dow Jones.


This week, Canada and Mexico reported outbreaks of blank. Oh. Are we exporting measles to them? Yes. We are exporting things. Trade continues. On Tuesday, lawmakers in Florida signed a bill to ban blank in the state's drinking water. Fluoride. Fluoride. Yes. This week a highway in Texas was shut down for 12 hours after a truck spilled $800,000 worth of blank. Oh, I heard about this. Dimes. Yes. Dimes on Wednesday. Not dime bags. Dimes. Dimes. On Wednesday, it was revealed that Martin Scorsese filmed one of the blanks, final interviews. One of the blanks. Yes. That is a clue. Oh. Oh, a pope. The Pope, yes. On Monday, blank kicked off her cowboy Carter World tour in Los Angeles.


The Pope for black women. Beyonce. Yes. This week a priest in Pennsylvania was sentenced to community service after he stole $40,000 from his parish and spent it on blank Cowboy Carter tickets. No. One ticket. Exactly. One ticket. Power ups In Mario Cart. Hey, That's 40,000. $40,000. The 52-year-old priest used the parish credit card to buy thousands of dollars in video game power ups for Mario cart tour. Oh my god. God. Can you imagine going to the confession booth saying, bless me, father, for I have sins in hearing. It's a me bill. How did Peter do in our quiz? Very Well. Six, right?


12 more points. 14 is his total. Alright, Joel L. Yes. I'm arbitrarily choosing you to go next. Here we go. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday to commemorate his first 100 days in office, blank. Held a rally in Michigan, Trump. On Monday, Spain and Portugal were hit with a massive 12 hour blank blackout. Yeah. Power outage. This week, severe blanks tore through 12 states, Tornadoes And storms. Yes. On Wednesday, a judge suggested opening a criminal case against blank for their app store policies. Oh, apple, Right after the Lakers lost their spot in the postseason blank, hinted he may retire from the NBA LeBron LeBron James. On Thursday, George Clooney, Bob Odenkirk, and Sarah Snook were all nominated for blank awards.


Tony? Yes. This week the US Navy lost a $60 million F 18 fighter. Jeff, after the aircraft carrier it was on, blanked Crashed into the ocean. No, the aircraft carrier turned too quickly and the jet slid off and into the water. The Navy confirmed that a quick turn caused the plane to slide off the ship and into the ocean, which is a real, you know, you had one job. Aircraft carrier Also, they are famously the slowest things to turn. Yes, I know. It's like you gets a cliche, right? Yeah. Well, you know, getting the government to change is like turning an aircraft carrier. Turns out, turning an aircraft carrier, just jerk the wheel really hard.


Bill, how did Joelle do on our quiz? Six rights. 12 more points. Slipping by Peter with a 15. There You are. So you didn't Even need it. You didn't even Need it. So Hari is left to play. How many does he need to win? Well, six to tie and seven to win. All right, here we go. Hari, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. Months after tense negotiations began, the US signed a rare minerals deal with blank Ukraine. Right. On Monday, the White House fired all the scientists working on a massive study of blank's effect on the United States. What are Fruity Pebbles? Climate change, climate change in her first major speech since leaving office blank sharply criticized Trump's policies.


Kamala Harris. Right. During an interview This week, Ben Affleck said he thought that blank was the best work of his career. What are his children? No. What is you think this is Jeopardy. Let me, lemme have dreams, Peter. Okay. No, no, he, he said the best work of his career was the DVD commentary track for Armageddon. On, on Thursday, department store, blank fired their CEO for funneling business to his romantic partner, Macy's, No coals. On Wednesday, officials in Nepal drafted a law requiring anyone who wants to climb blank to be an experienced climber, Mount Everest. Right? Last week, a woman in South Carolina sued a local restaurant after she took a bite of her sandwich and cracked her tooth on blank.


What is a gold nugget? What is She cracked her tooth on another person's tooth. Whoa. Oh. Apparently the woman bit into her sandwich, cracked her molar on something hard and then discovered it was a tooth. She's understandably traumatized as I believe you are now. But this is why you have to be specific when you order a burger with everything on it. Bill did Hurry. Do well enough to win. How dare you. Oh, we gotta read 'em anyway. Rewrite six more points.


Nine means joy. L is the chance. Well done. Oh, perfect. I love that, Pam. The audience is thrilled. Yes. Coming up after the Bill Belichick and Jordan Hudson story broke there. What would be the next hot celebrity gossip we get from CBS Sunday morning? But first, let me tell you all that. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WB, easy Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Coka writes our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shayna Dommel. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studio Baker Theater, BJ Leaderman composer. Our theme, our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Storm Boss and Lillian King.


Special thanks This week to Blythe Robertson and Monica Hickey. Our Jolly Goodfellow is Hannah Anderson. Peter baby Tooth Gwen has no verb. Emma Choi is our vibe. Curator. Technical directions from Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producers, Ian Chillo, the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mr. Michael Danforth now panel? What would be the next hot gossip we learn from CBS Sunday Morning? Hurry, come to Blu. I'm dating a weighted blanket. It's always down for a snuggle and it always wants to be on top. Peter Gross. Bill Belichick and Jordan Hudson are going to announce they're in a throuple with CBS Sunday morning and Wait, Wait.


Don't tell Ese mo Rocka Woo And Joyelle Nicole Johnson. Melania leaves Trump for Trudeau. Woo. Hey, if any of that happens, we're going to ask you about it here on Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks. Also to Peter Gross. Hurry, come to Blu and Joyelle. Nicole Johnson. Thanks for a fabulous audience here at the Stu Vick Shitter, and to all of you out there in Radioland, wherever you might be, I'm Peter Segel. We'll see You next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Venture X Card. Earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus, get premium benefits at a collection of hotels when booking through Capital One travel. What's in your wallet terms? Apply details@capitalone.com.


Support for this program comes from Texas Mutual Insurance Company. A workers comp provider dedicated to handling claims efficiently and compassionately. Their specialized adjusters are trained to take policy holders through each step of the process, providing clarity and direction after an on-the-job accident by proactively working to support businesses. From the time a claim is reported, Texas Mutual can help injured employees get back on the job and back to their lives. Learn more at Texas mutual.com/claims.


This message comes from Warby Parker. What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Like free adjustments for life. Find your pair@warbyparker.com or visit one of their hundreds of stores around the country.