
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I've got a juicy dump truck voice. I'm Bill Curtis, And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Thank You everybody. Thank You so much. Ah, We have a great show for you today. Later on, we're gonna be talking to Amanda Seyfried, who used to be known for starring in things like Mama Mia and the TV show, the Dropout and Mean Girls. But after an appearance on the Tonight Show last week, she is now world famous for doing Joni Mitchell covers on the Dulcimer.


So maybe instead of questions, we'll just have her do the whole Blue album. But first we want your help. So Give us a call. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is Cameron from Bath, Maine. Cameron And Bath Maine. How are things in Bath? Pretty cold, pretty windy. It's the city of ships. Not great sailing weather. No, No. Are you a sailor? No, but I have two retired parents who just bought a pontoon boat, so I'll get back to you in a couple months. Wow. What do you, what? What does one do with a pontoon boat? I've never known You put their parents on it and you push it.


Bye mom. Bye Dad. They're back a day later. Good Luck. Well, Cameron, welcome to the show. Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, the comedian whose album Party Nights is available now on Spotify, apple, and other streaming services. It's Emmy Blotnick. Hi Cameron. Next, it's the actor and writer You can see in the show Two Square at the Oklahoma City Improv Saturday, March 15th, and at Comedy Sports Philadelphia on April 5th, it's Peter Grosz. Hello there. And finally making her debut on our panel. We are thrilled to be joined by the comedian whose third comedy special crushing it is streaming on Netflix.


She's about to kick off her national taking care of Biscuits tour this month. Please say hello to Fortune Fester. Hi. So Cameron, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's Bill this time? Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. Of course, your job is to correctly identify or explain. Just two of them. Do that. You will win our prize. The voice from anyone on our show. You might choose for your voicemail. You ready to go? I'm ready. Alright, Let's do it. Cameron, here is your first quote. Is it finally time to freak out? That was a soon to be retiree quoted in Market Watch, worried about the rapid decline of what Would that be?


The United States of America. I know it. I knew we laid ourselves a trap as soon as they read that aloud. We're looking for something specific that was definitely on a significant downward trend This week. Oh, the stock market. The stock market, yes. The stock market. Things are so bad with everybody's retirement accounts that, and this is true. One prominent brokerage site now has a popup when you log in warning you just not to look. They really do. They really do. That's right. Things are so bad, ladies and gentlemen. Your 401k has a bouncer.


It should just be like a picture of a dog with like a little hat dancing back and forth and you just look at it for a minute and then you go, eh, whatever. Whatever. I'm not gonna check my Balance. Or like message is like, you know what's really important family, you know This Is really hard for people who don't know when the stock market is good Also. Right. You're just completely oblivious. You sometimes you look and you're like this, it's Sure. Moving this line on the grass. Yeah. Today it's green. Tomorrow it's red. It's so Christmasy. Yes. It looks like it has a heartbeat Fortune. Are you, are you concerned at all about this? Do you like have stocks or money? No, I love losing money. Yeah, It's, yeah, I got a, I got a email from my Raymond James Guy who's here in Chicago.


Really? Yeah, he, he asked if I wanted a hug and I said yes. Now we might, we might be in the verge of another great depression. Right. But according to this American girl book I've been reading it is going to be awesome. No, the impression was great. You can live in a box car travel for free. Every window sill will have a pie cooling. I couldn't afford American girls before this And and the best of all, those of us who will survive, it will get to be insufferable to everyone else for the rest of our lives. Oh yeah. Back in the great depression of 25, me and my four siblings all had to share one vape pen.


We had to share one Netflix account. It was horrible. Our tokens were non fungible back then. Cameron, here is your next quote. Focus on the nature scene with a sunset. That was something that computer programmers came up with to help relieve the anxiety that what has been feeling Ai. Exactly. Ai, a new study has found that AI can get anxious and depressed. Right. It can worry. That's trouble for those who use chat GPT for its main use, cheating on their homework.


Now it's the one saying, oh man, oh man, we're gonna get caught. Jen, You to write an ad, like write 500 words about water shipped down. And it's like, what's the point? Exactly. That sad book where the rabbits get Killed. We have nothing to live for. I live in a hole. But why are they, why is it really like, is it because we're so anxious that it is aping us and being anxious? Pretty much. Because if you remember, these things work entirely by absorbing all this information and how humans have reacted to this information. So you heard the quote from Bill because it was being made anxious by the prompts that make humans anxious.


They thought giving it mindful and meditation exercises would help and it did. Oh, so they're like listening to calm. Yeah, exactly. But I don't know how this can be, I would think a computer would freak out even more if you asked it to take deep calming breaths and it realizes it doesn't have lungs. I feel like we can just stop AI now. Right? Like It's Like if we are inventing something that is mechanical and is like separate from us, but it is acting like us and achieving our worst parts of ourselves. Right. I think this is the time to step back and be like, that was, that was probably too much. Right?


Just wait till it gets angry. Yeah, Right now it's just sad. But there are other stages of grief. That's True. Oh yeah. Yeah. Is vengeance one of the stages? I hope not. Alright Cameron, your last quote is from the host of a brand new radio show on Apple music as he introduces the next song. Hi Mcno came to the palace to perform the locomotion and it is music for dancing. So who is a new side gig as a radio dj? Would that be the king of England? Yes. King Charles II himself.


Of course The king's got his groove back This week. Apple Music debuted King Charles's new radio show the King's music room. And I gotta tell you, it's actually really good. I'm not kidding. He plays Bob Marley, Beyonce. He plays world music. I here, this is just a bit of it. The song is the locomotion. It has that infectious energy which makes it, I find incredibly hard to sit still. It's Fun. Plus it is going to be so much easier to get knighted. Now all you have to do is be the hundredth caller.


It should be be can it be a video thing and he has to dance after he plays songs? No, he and actually Dave of course, because it's 2025. Yeah. They also, you know, videotape it and put lad online and it's great 'cause Yes, I will confirm he does the whole show wearing the complete royal regalia right on the throne. So at one point when he gets really excited, he starts twerking with the orb. After this we've got traffic on the wall. Exactly. And the Powerball numbers. We are going now to Reginald Pips in the sky. Reggie, what's going on in central London? That's really funny. No, It's great. He is. I mean I Not what I said just in general, I don't know.


It's an absolute cluster Around the palace Bumper to bumper carriages. Bill, how did Cameron do in our quiz? Cameron From both Main did very well. Three and Oh wow. Congratulations. What? Good Job, Cameron. Thank You everybody. He does king of Right now panel. It is time for you to answer some questions about this week's news Fortune. A new study finds that you can boost your brain's performance simply by chewing what?


Gum. No. If that worked, my mother would've been a genius On thoughts. Chew on, chew, chew. Like chewing. Like, Hmm. You chew on that. Just thinking. No. I'll give you a hint now that explains how the beaver I saw got today's wordle in two Wood. Yes. Wood, chewing wood. Alright. Can make you smarter. Research finds that chewing on a piece of wood significantly increases brain activity, especially in the part of the brain that asks, why am I doing this? How do they figure this out? Like, what's the study that's like here, chew on this gum now do this puzzle.


Chew on the stick now to the Oh, the stick guy did pretty good. Yeah. The hypothesis is that chewing on something hard like wood increases blood flow to your head, which in many people is where the brain is located. Wouldn't this just be a toothpick? No, it has to be harder. It has to be. It has to be something that really takes effort. Oh, Like a floorboard. Yeah, exactly. So you can't be just like a whimsical guy like sitting on a porch like whittling and chewing on a toothpick. No, no, no to be. No. You Gotta be at the Home Depot with a knife and fork. Yeah.


Coming up, our panelists are music to your ears in our Bluff listener game called one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Aviv Regev is the co-founder of the human cell atlas. It's a huge leap in understanding how human cells work. She says it's like upgrading from a 15th century map of the world to Google Maps. If I want to develop a medicine that we'd only go to the place where something is broken, I need to know how to get there. The new wave of biotechnology that's on the TED Radio Hour podcast from NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago is his. Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Emmy Blotnick, Peter Grosz and Fortune Fester. And here again as your host at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air. Or you can head over to npr.org/ Wait, Wait form. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Terry Evans and I'm from Hewitt, Texas.


Oh wow. Which is just outside of Waco. Oh, that's great. And What do you do there? Well, I live with my librarian husband for 32 years, I guess. And we have two kids. And shout out McKayla and Chandler and I work for Baylor Student Media. You said that your husband was a librarian with some pride Because he's really smart and And he's now been elected president of the Music Library Association. Oh, for America's. That's very exciting. So when some, yeah, I'm proud of him. So when somebody asks him for like music, he'll say, I'll dial that up on Spotify for you.


You betcha. Yeah. Well, welcome to the show, Terry. You're gonna play the game in which you have to tell Truth from Fiction. Bill, what's Terry's topic Behind the music? Speaking of music, getting into the music business isn't easy. People will do anything to get a leg up, a foot in the door, a toenail in the window. Our panel is gonna tell you about a surprising new tactic someone might be able to use to get ahead in the music biz. Pick the one who's telling the truth and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. You ready to play? Yes sir. Alright, let's hear first from Peter Grosz. Typically, when you put out a want ad, you explain the job, list the responsibilities, and state the salary. But if you're kiss basis Gene Simmons, you tell someone how much they are going to have to pay you for the privilege of working with you.


S Simmons is going out on a solo tour this month, and he put out a call for help explaining that he's looking for one person in each city to join his road crew for the day, for the low low price of $12,495. Now, before you scoff, there are some great perks you get to meet Jean and for free. They will throw in being laughed at and called a rich idiot by the real crew members. But you'll be the one laughing when you get to sit down and have a special one-on-one meal with a man accused multiple times of sexual harassment who once released a solo record called and who told an interviewer in 2022, I don't have friends.


The going rate to be an assistant to Gene Simmons of Kiss is $12,500, which you pay him. Your next music business breakthrough comes from Emmy Blotnick. The chaos began with an innocent request from Virgin Airlines corporate office. They were seeking to refresh their inflate safety video with a catchy new song. And for the first time ever, they were open to submissions from anyone anywhere. One aspiring musician from Bangor, Maine believed this was his golden opportunity to break into the music business. The multi-instrumentalist. Robert Mc Magnus, who records under the alias MCM Madness, went to work producing as many demos as he could. He composed 24 original in-flight safety songs in just 24 hours with titles such as Seatbelt, low and Tight Tonight, Fasten like an assassin and talking tough about owing stuff just to be safe.


Mc Madness uploaded each track 300 times from 17 different email accounts. The tonnage of these files crashed the server so quickly. No one else was able to submit. A spokesman from Virgin Airlines offered their apologies that the Song Con contest ended prematurely. He added, while none of Mr. Mc Madness's songs were family friendly enough for in-flight usage, they were so impressed with his output that they've begun contract talks with him. Anyway, A man goes all out to make sure that his is the safety song played on an airline. Your last musical moment comes from Fortune fester, Legendary background singer Barry Cooter has sung vocals on some of the most iconic country albums to come out of Music Row.


And he did this without a single connection to the music business. Not an agent, not a manager, nothing but his biscuits. Years ago, he snuck into a studio by posing as a delivery man for a made up bakery, berries, biscuits. He first tried to get in under the name Cooter Cakes, but I didn't even get a past the front Door. It was the amazing smell of these biscuits that allowed him to skate right past security. And then the secretary and straight into the recording studio. And who happened to be in there laying down a track? None other than the Elvis Presley, who we all know loved him some biscuits. His whole team started devouring these treats, leaving Cooter the opportunity to step up to the mic and show off his vocals.


For decades, Cooter had quite the career that is until singers started cutting carbs. All right, so let's say, let's say you had aspirations to get into the music business. You might do one of these things. Is it from Peter Grosz? Go work for a day as an assistant to Gene Simmons simply by paying him more than $12,000 for the privilege from Emmy. Absolutely. Go all out to break into the music business via that common first step. An airline safety video or from Fortune does bake biscuits so good. They cannot keep you out of the music studio.


Which of these is a real tactic used to get into the music business? I would not put it past Gene Simmons to charge somebody to work for him. The audience apparently has the same opinion of Gene Simmons as, all right, thinking people do well, we spoke to a music journalist who told us about the real story. You, you'd have to have $12,000 of disposable income and then a huge gene demonstrated. Yes, that was Iana Kaplan, a music editor for People Magazine, telling us the two conditions that you'd have to have in order to take advantage of this remarkable opportunity of spending a day with Gene Simmons.


Congratulations, Terry. You got it right during the points for Peter. You just told the truth. Good job, Terry. And you've won our prize. The voice of your choice and your voice. Mel, congratulations and well done. Thank You. And now the game where we ask famous people to answer questions about something they know nothing about. We call it not my job. Amanda Seyfried is an Emmy winning actor who starred in, among other things, three of the most profitable movie musicals ever made. But she has said that despite her many successes, all she has ever wanted to do is play a cop on tv, a dream that has finally come true on her new show.


Long Bright River on Peacock. Amanda Seyfried, welcome to Wait. Wait, don't tell me. Thanks so much. So let's start there. We, we heard that was true, that you've always, through your remarkable career, starting with self propers and then mean girls and through the Mama Mia movies, everything you've done that you've always had this secret desire to play a cop. Is that right? Yeah. It just seemed so farfetched. I was like, that would Be fun. That would be fun. Were you, were you influenced by like watching cops on TV when you were growing up? Were you like a Law and order? SVU girl? I had this weird obsession with the first 48. I would watch like two episodes before bed every night. I think that's probably why I was so anxious in my early twenties.


But yeah, sure. I mean, I just think it's cool. And I never wanted to play Detective. Don't get me wrong. Those are, they're cool, but they're everywhere. Beat Cops is where it's at. Yeah. Really. So that, and I just feel so slight that like no one would believe me with that kind of authority, so I just wanted to prove myself and everybody else wrong. Wow. So your model for the cop you wanted to be was not like, say Kojak, but like the little bunny in Zootopia. That's exactly who I modeled my hairdresser. Wow. Yeah, I can see that. Yeah. In preparation for this role, you did something I am told again that I know a lot of actors do, which you did a ride along with real Philadelphia police.


Is that true? Yeah. I had no business being there, but I, I went and it was something, Yeah, I, I have always, I know that many actors who are dedicated to doing a good job do that experience. They go for a ride along or spend time with police. And I've always wondered what that's like. I mean, you're sitting there, you're driving down the streets of Philadelphia, and the cop in the front seat turns you and goes, so Mama me. I heard that was a really fun set. Was it? I mean, Pretty much, yeah. There's like a give and take and I, I don't, I I I, I don't want to be greedy, but I'm also like, I wanna see what's next. Like, yeah, let's go to the Wawa, let's break up the fight.


It, they like, they let me choose which place we were gonna go next. Actually. Did they really? Well, there's a wellness check. You wanna do that? And I'm like, that could be anything. We should go. And it turned out to be a dead person. Oh. But so the wellness, rest in peace wellness was pretty Low. Yeah. Not, not a lot of wellness there. Yeah. I can't wait to do it again. Actually, I sure I, it occurs to me though, I mean, well, the cops have you that you could come in handy, like if a gunfight, god forbid, to break out, they could shout, put down your weapons. Amanda Seyfried is here. There's, there's like a third Mama Mia movie on the line. And if that ever happened, listen, I'm for it.


I'll do anything to save a life. Right. Quote me on that. All right. Speaking of Mama Mia, we have read, this might be Urban Legend. It might be True. We have read that like when you were making that movie and its sequel in these beautiful places, that the entire cast was drunk the entire time. Yeah. I mean, not the entire Time. Not A short Day. Yeah. Going down. Yeah. No, it really was debauchery. Yeah. I, yeah. It, it, it, it looked like, I mean, it, it seemed like part of the appeal of the movie was just imagining being able to make it with you guys.


'cause boy, it looked like fun. It Really was actually, those, those images that came out a while back of us in our most drunken state at some party where we did karaoke on the on in scope, OFO, it just looks, it looks like the most fun anyone could ever have. Especially because Meryl Streep is at the center of every photo. And, and like, I wish I could say, oh, it wasn't that fun, but my grandmother got drunk that night and it was a memory that I will never, it, I just, I hold it so close and, and, and I really look forward to a third. So just so we could keep getting drunk together.


Right. So you won an Emmy for playing Elizabeth Holmes and The Dropout, the story of her and Theranos, and perhaps the single most iconic moment in the show is when you as Elizabeth kind of dances into your boyfriend's office to Lil Wayne to either seduce him or cheer him up, or both. And it is somehow the most awkward thing I have ever seen. And my question is, how does someone who knows how to dance dance badly? I'm gonna be honest. I'm not a good dancer. I really am. I really am not. And I Enjoy it. Peter, she thought that was really good. Really? Oh God. That was like the best dancing she could do.


I don't know. I was wearing a who, who can dance well or take themselves seriously when they're wearing that puffy vest. Yeah. It is hard. It is hard to dance in puffy vest, right? Yes. It's like a Silicon Valley mating ritual. Yeah. When, when that really happened, presumably it did. Lil Wayne felt a horrible twinge somewhere. He just knew something was Wrong. Oh, yeah. He was more uncomfortable than you were. But, And as, and as far as I know, I I I, I tried to find this out. You have never met Elizabeth Holmes and she has never reached out to meet you. Is that right? Correct. Yeah. Yeah. There was like a, like a trial or whatever. Oh yeah. That going on. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the legal Thing.


Legal things that separated us from, from having our Yeah. Fateful love fest. I don't know what I, I probably would've been like, well, it's pretty cool actually. 'cause I'm so easily influenced, but I, yeah. So it was, it was better that I didn't, 'cause then I wouldn't have been able to make fun of her too. Yeah. Because part of the show is getting on the inside and trying to, you know, breed some kind of compassion and show a three-dimensional person. But the other part of it's like making fun of her. Like with the, like with the scene. That was You did both exceptionally well. Thank You. Well, Amanda Seyfried, this is a joy to talk to you. To you. And we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling. Okay. Mean girl, meet nice guys.


So You began your career by starring in the classic movie comedy Mean Girls. So in honor of that, we found three questions about some guys who were actually really, really nice. Answer. Just two of them correctly. You'll win our prize. One of our listeners, bill, who is Amanda Seyfried playing for Michelle Muara of Cleveland, Ohio. All right. Woo. You seem, you seem a little, I hope you were warned that this would be happening. Get Some wine girl, right? Yeah. Okay. Alright. Yeah, you're right. Alright, here we go. Here's your first question. Mr. Rogers was possibly the nicest person of all time.


After Mr. Rogers filed a police report that his car had been stolen. What happened two days later, A PBS pledged money to him to buy him a new car. B neighbors complained about all the people clogging up their street, hoping to give them a ride somewhere or see the thieves return the car with a note that said, if we'd known it was yours, we never would've taken it. See? Yes. That's what happened. Yeah, that nice. He was That nice. He was so nice. He could turn other people into nice guys through osmosis. He was amazing. All right. That's very well done. Here's your next question. During World War II, Canada famously treated their POWs so well that some of them didn't want to go back to Germany when the war was over.


According to one capture, German corporal, that great treatment at the POW camp included which of these, A, the government brought in a famous chef to make authentic schnitzel for them. B, the guards would regularly lend the prisoners, their rifles so they could go hunting or see upon request, Canada would fly in a soldier's wife and kids so they could all be POWs together. Nah, it's A, I'm afraid it was actually B, they gave them rifles to go hunting. Oh, I thought that was like a boring one. Really? That was like, can't be B. No, that was their version of a trustful. They really, They hand the rifle close their eyes. Turn around.


Yeah. Alright. Anyway, here's your last question. Sometimes it's hard to tell whether or not someone is nice. Like the man who helped out a woman in Wales one day by hanging up her laundry to dry, washing her floor, putting her groceries away, and taking out the recycling. But there was one catch. What was it? A, he had broken in her house to do these things while she was away at work. B, the whole time he was working, he told her how bad her clothing and food choices were. Or c after he finished, he told her, now you have to come do my house. What do you guys think? Yeah. I mean, A seems like the obvious choice. No, I'm not gonna overthink it. A Yes, you're right, Amanda.


Thank You. Thank You. Yeah. He broke into her house And he did all those things for her, and then she came home and found him doing them. Now they're married. She likes a bad boy. Yeah. Bill, how did Amanda Cipher do in our quiz? Mom, me two out of three as a win. Congratulations. Well done. I had some help. We did. We had to help from this fabulous audience. Amanda Seyfried is an Emmy-winning actor who you can see right now in Long Bright River. All episodes are streaming on Peacock now. Go watch it. Amanda, Thank You so much for being with us.


What a pleasure to talk to you and see you. Thanks Guys. Hey, have fun with you Guys. We well in just a minute. Bill has the perfect treat for people with peanut allergies and our listener Limerick challenge. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, wait, don't tell me from NPR


Cell phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one, a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU.


Imagine if you will, a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts.


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now, anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes, to the science of desalination, to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBR


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Peter Grosz, Emmy Blot, Dick and Fortune Fester. And here again is your host at Institute to Baker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You, bill. In just a minute. Bill expresses his truth, the only way he knows how. With limericks, if you'd like to play, Give us a call. One triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news, Peter, bad news and nutrition. This week we found out what popular treat contains potentially dangerous levels of heavy metals and pesticide residues.


Popular treat, Especially this time of year is when they tend to show Up in the spring. Yeah. Ramps. Everyone's eating ramps in the spring. No, sorry. It's not when they grow, it's when they are sold. Oh, Peeps. No, I'll give you a hand. They could, they could just embrace this and say, thin mints now with even more copper Girl Scout cookies. Girl scout cookies. A new lawsuit alleges those cookies sold by the Girl Scouts include dangerous metals and pesticides. I don't care. I'm still gonna eat 'em. I just love the Samoas, which have the chocolate coating and the lead filling.


This is why you gotta freeze 'em. It doesn't, that's not gonna get rid of the stuff that's inside. It doesn't make you go away. No, sorry. All right. Whatever. No, but it's colder, It's Cold. Frozen iron is Good. Yeah, exactly. Peter, officials in Brazil, sadly are cutting down part of the Amazon rainforest to make way for what? Something Brazilian. Like a thong factory. No, something. That's nice. You gotta make them somewhere that that's true. You might as well save money on shipping. Yeah. I'll give you a hint. Greta Thunberg is gonna be so mad when she shows up for this one. Oh, Like a a a environmental summit.


Yes. A climate summit. God. Wow. A new four-lane highway cutting through thousands of acres of protected Amazon rainforest is being built for this year's climate summit in Brazil. And before you start complaining, the road will have a bike lane. So they decided to hold this year's Cop 30 Climate Summit in the remote Amazonian city of ble, presumably to show what might be lost if we don't fix things. And somebody said, Hey, you know what would really show them how bad it could Get? The new road is called Avenue Re, which is Portuguese for Whoops.


And you have to get there in cars that are powered by styrofoam. Exactly Right. Well, the road to hell is paved with good intention. That's true. And that's in fact, interestingly enough, one end of the road is in hell. Fortune dog owners pride themselves on knowing exactly what their dogs are feeling at any time. But a new study proves that what Dogs are so dumb, That may well be the case, but actually the discovery was about the people, not the dogs. Oh, Okay. That their owners are dumb. I'm gonna Give it to you because the answer is, it turns out that owners have no idea what their dogs are thinking or feeling at any given moment.


We just don't. Sweet. A, a new study shows people actually have no idea what their dogs are feeling. As far as you know, that tail is wagging to express profound disappointment in you. Aw. Oh no, that would be Terrible. I know. But in this study, this is what they did. They showed people videos of dogs reacting to something, and the people could only accurately ascertain what the dogs were feeling. If they could also see what they were reacting to. If that was taken away, their guesses were no better than just like random. Oh, you think this bowl of treats made your dog happy? Oh wow. You're like a dog whisperer. I think this study is projecting. Really? You think? Yeah, I think I know my dog's feelings. You do?


Yeah. He tells me them. How does he tell you? Listen, Little licks and kisses. Aw. All his feelings are, I wanna lick your face. Yeah. Yes. He just feels that all the time. He Feels what? What's in your mouth? Yes. In case there's any food in there. Because that's the thing, this is not hard. Dogs have three emotions. Three, one. I am eating two. Is that something I can eat? Three. Oh, it isn't. I have those same. That's my only feelings as well.


Coming up. It's lightning. Fill in the blank. But first, it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call to leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago. Or come see us on the road. Hey, spring breakers. You want a real party? Next week we'll be in Orlando, Florida at the Walt Disney Theater. For tickets and information, just go over to npr presents.org. Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hey, this is Cody at Madison, Wisconsin. Hey, beautiful Madison. I love it there. What do you do there? I'm a researcher for the US Forest Service here in Madison. I'm, I'm glad you're still on the job. Hmm, Me too. I assume you're the last one left.


That's right. That's right. Yeah. It's just me holding up the fort. So, Exactly. And when they let you do your job, what is it exactly? So we, we research wood, you know, we make safe, dependable products, house, you know, for houses, buildings, packaging, all those good things. All your, And people eat 'em. Yeah. I was about to say in all, in all your smart people, in all your research on wood, have you ever come across any scientific findings indicating that chewing on wood makes you smarter? Not yet. But then maybe that'll be my next project. Right. Well, if things get dicey in the next few minutes, just grab a wooden spoon. Here we go. Cody, welcome to the show. Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly in two of the limericks, you will be a winner.


Here is your first limerick. My new ride is sealed tight as a jar. I've got keys, but I can't get too far. New tech is a scandal. I can't budge the handle. I cannot get into my Car. Yeah, Car. Right. Drivers everywhere are fed up with how complicated the door handles are these days. Gone are their days with the simple, just like grab it and pull. Now you, if you wanna get into the car, you need to push like a concealed button. Or if you have a Tesla whisper. Five things you did for Elon Mo. I can't remember the last time I saw an actual key for a car. No, No, they, yeah, they're gone.


Yeah. My new car, if you walk up to it, it knows you're coming and opens up its handles for you. Says up, I'm unlocked. And the funny thing is that it has a timer and if you don't grab a handle, it locks it. So if you're, if you're me and you're not particularly quick and sensitive to potential insults, it feels like, oh, Peter, welcome psych. Alright, Here's your next limerick At our club, we make sure that this show rocks. We ban faces that register no shocks. Once you wrinkle and crack, we'll invite you all back. But don't come if your face has had, oh geez.


Botox bot Botox. Yes. Good man. A comedy club in the United Kingdom says that the standups who perform there are tired of playing to Botox people and their quote frozen faces, Because It's impossible to tell or not whether their jokes are landing. They come backstage saying, I did all my best material, but the front row just looked constantly surprised. It sounds like maybe these aren't the best standups in the world. Yeah. I didn't know Botox kept your mouth from making noises. Yeah, exactly. I can imagine that. I mean, I've never tried it, but I, but I know it paralyzes your facial muscles. So I imagine even if you do laugh, it doesn't sound great. Ha ha ha Ha.


We're like, ha Ha ha, ha, ha, ha ha. Yeah. Help me. Yeah, I, I turn away. Anybody who's had, if they've got big rocking jugs, they're not allowed at my show. Really? No. I Don't know. I don't make the rules. Alright, Here's your last limerick In big boxes. They pick up the slack, they're called peanuts and help people pack dissolved. They look spreadable, yet they're not edible. Stop mounting them like they're a snack. Snack. Exactly right. Experts Are worried about a new TikTok trend, yet another one where people are eating those biodegradable packing peanuts, arguing that they're edible because they dissolve in your mouth.


Okay. A rule of thumb, if you have to argue that something is edible, you have already lost the argument. But are they healthier than Girl Scout cookie? That's the question At this point. Play it on the safe side. Eat the packing peanuts. This makes a lot of sense though. I mean, I think at this point we're all like enough with ingesting microplastics. I want macro plastics. Bill, how did Cody do in our quiz? Cody? Cody. Cody got a perfect score. Well done Cody. Thank You. Must be all that wood you work with. Congratulations and keep up the good work. Take care.


Bye bye bye.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't cried yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean, I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. Okay. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where cards control the conversation.


At Planet Money. We'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum From a quality standpoint, is the best in the World. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, it's very rare for people to go inside two the back rooms of New York's Diamond District. What You are looking for, the stupid guy here. They're all smart. Don't worry About planet money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts.


This message comes from Grammarly, from emails to reports and project proposals. It's hard to meet the demands of today's competing priorities without some help. Grammarly is the essential AI communication assistant that boosts your productivity at work so you can get more of what you need done faster. Just a few clicks can tailor your tone and writing so you come across exactly as you intend. Get time back to focus on your high impact work. Download Grammarly for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's Grammarly dot com slash podcast.


Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Emmy has three. Fortune and Peter each have four. Okay. Alright. Emmy, you are in second place. So you'll begin. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, president Trump withdrew his nominee for the director of the blank. Is it the Center for Disease Control? Yes, it is the CDC. On Sunday, Mark Carney was sworn in as the new Prime minister of Blank Canada. Right. This week a judge in New York blocked White House efforts to deport legal resident Mahmud Khalil over his participation in protests against blank.


The War in the Middle East. Yeah. War in Gaza. After the International Criminal Court issued a warrant for his arrest, former Philippine president Blank was taken into custody there. Rod Rico Duterte. Very good. Yes. This week in Australia, one of the highest concentrations of dinosaur footprints ever recorded in a single fossil was discovered in a blank. A nightclub? No. In a in high school where the slab had been sitting there for 20 years without anyone noticing all the dinosaur footprints. This week, RFK Junior said that vaccinating against blank flu could have unexpected side effects. Bird flu. Yes. On Tuesday, fashion week in blank came to a close Paris. Yes.


This week a man in Florida was arrested for stealing a pair of diamond earrings worth $700,000. But police had to wait a while before gathering the evidence because blank. He Ate them. Yes he did. Oh, Wow. Nice job. Very well done. The salesperson should have known that something was up when the man said, whoa, these diamond earrings are so beautiful. Do they come with any kind of dipping sauce? Bill? I think, I mean, did very well. Really Very well. Seven, right? 14 more points. Whoa. Total of 17. Hard to beat. Alright, read It and weep winners. Yeah. I don't watch the news enough for this. Okay, Well, you know, it's okay, but you ready to try this?


We're gonna go next. All right. Yeah. Here we go. Fortune, fill in the blank. On Wednesday, Russia rejected a US brokered cease file deal with blank Ukraine. Right. On Tuesday, the house passed a temporary spending bill aimed at averting a blank Shut down. Right. As part of his ongoing trade war, president Trump imposed a 25% blank on steel and aluminum imports tariff. Right. On Thursday, it was announced that the return of the astronauts stuck on the blank, would again be delayed. The The moon? No. The International Space Station. This week, the, do We not go back? Not yet. Not yet. This week, the band tool was booed off stage at a music festival organized by blank King Charles. No. By the band.


Good guess though. By the band tool. Following multiple crashes, sales of tickets for blanks have dropped considerably. Airplanes. Right. On Thursday it was confirmed the comedian Nikki Glaser, would return to host the 2026 blank awards. Golden Globes. Right. This week, a newlywed couple in the Maldives are closer than ever after they shared a blank on their honeymoon Bed. No. They shared a single life jacket after their ferry vote sank. Oh. After the ferry carrying 50 people sank. The newlywed shared a single life jacket until help finally arrived and they were rescued somewhere. Jack from Titanic is like, oh, come on. What the hell? There was room on that door.


She had a life jacket on. Yeah. Bill, how did Fortune do her first time on this quiz? Fortune's a player. Five, right? 10 more points. 14 is her total, but she trails Emmy. Oh man. Good job. Whoa. Whoa. How many then does Peter need to overtake Emmy and win the game? Peter needs seven to win. All right, Peter, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Wednesday, the Trump administration announced massive layoffs at the Department of Blank Education. Right. On Tuesday, officials in New Mexico and Oklahoma confirmed cases of blank linked to the outbreak in Texas. Oh, measles. Right. This week, the EPA was directed to roll back a Biden era rule mandating less pollution from blanks.


Carbon monoxide. Right? It less Pollution. Pollution. From what? From cars. Oh, from cars? Yeah. And just about everything. Yeah. Saying that the papers freedoms have dangerously eroded. In the past year, an editor of the blank resigned on Monday, Washington Post, right This week, an Arizona dentist who used household pliers on a patient told the disciplinary board blank. They they asked for it. No, he said quote, it was a bad choice. I will acknowledge that. Tuesday marked the five year anniversary of the WHO Declaring blank. A pandemic covid. Right. This week after a mom in Wisconsin ate summer for four year old's ice cream, the boy responded by blanking, Throwing up in her face.


No. By calling the cops on her. After catching his mom eating ice cream, the young boy called 9 1 1 and told the dispatcher, come and get my mommy. She needs to go to jail, which is really kinda sweet. So the police, you know, they heard the call, they stopped. They got some ice cream. They brought the toddler, the new ice cream, and they arrested the mom after planting a bag of drugs on her. Yeah. Bill, did Peter Grosz do well enough to win? Well, they got Five, right? 10 more points. 14, which is a tie with fortune, But Emmy is our winner. Yeah. Yay, Emmy. Woo. Well done. Watch him.


Now, Coming up, our panelists predict after his new radio show, what will be the next surprising new job for King Charles of the United Kingdom? At first, let me tell you all, Wait, Wait. Don't Tell Me is a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions, Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Coka writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shana Donald. Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater. BJ Lieman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Mohaned El Shahi and Monica Hickey. Our mean girl is Peter Gwyn. Emma Cho is our vibe curator. Technical directions from Lorna Whitener CFO's. Colin Miller, our production manager is Robert Newhouse, our senior producer Ianello and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me.


That's Michael Danforth now panel. What will King Charles do next? Emmy Blotnick Reviews of fast food burgers from the driver's seat of a parked Nissan Peter Grosz. He's going to force his radio show on the countries of India, Bermuda, Jamaica, Gambia, and the Falcon Islands, whether they wanna listen to it or not. And Fortune Themester, he's Gonna be a beat cop with Amanda on a new show airing on Peacock. Well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you About it on Waitwait. Don't tell me. Thank You, Bill. Curtis, thanks also to Peter Grosz. I mean Blotnick and Fortune fee.


Thanks to all of you for listening here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, and wherever you might happen to be. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week from Orlando, Florida. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit, so the card's purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus, the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X Business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X Business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business.


I'm Jesse Thorn This week on Bullseye Fat Joe on being a late middle-aged wrapper with an 18-year-old daughter, She's really looking at me like I'm a dinosaur, so she's like, yo, dad, come on now. You going where? Stop. Just stay home. Watch Jeopardy. That's on the next bullseye from maximum fun.org and NPR.