
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBEC Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm not just eye candy, I'm also ear candy. I'm Bill Curtis, And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You, bill. Thanks everybody. Thanks everybody. It's good to be back with you. We were all excited to do a special Halloween show for everybody, but we realized we were just gonna miss it by a couple of days. So taking inspiration from the local Walgreens, this is now a Christmas show, so Later on we're gonna be talking to the amazing Brian Jordan Alvarez.


He's the star of English teacher on Hulu. But first, get on our nice list, call in, play our games. Give us a call at one triple eight eight, Wait. That's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. How are you? I'm well. Who's this? This is Megan Kane from Westfield, Massachusetts. I know Westfield. What do you do there? Well, I was a stay at home mom for a while. Now I work part-time. I'm a mentor for fifth and sixth graders at one of our public elementary schools. And coming up soon, I'll be working at the polls for election day on Tuesday. Well, Good for you. That is important and patriotic work and I appreciate it.


I'm also interested in the fact that you were stuck at home with your own children and you couldn't take it anymore, so you decided to go get stuck with other people's children. A glutton for punishment, I guess. Exactly. Well, Megan, let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, it's the comedian and fashion designer really whose latest project you can see at BP Spoke Shop. It's Brian Babylon. Hey Brian. Next at the comedian. You can see at Union Hall in Brooklyn, New York on November 23rd. It's Emmy Blotnick. Hello. Hi Emmy. And he's the host of the Daily Podcast, TBTL and the Public Radio Variety Show, live Wire Live this weekend at the Alberta Rose Theater is part of the Portland Book Festival.


It's Luke Burbank. Hey Megan. Megan, welcome to the show. You're of course gonna play who's bill this time. Bill Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose for your voicemail. Are you ready to go? I'm ready. Now your first quote is the one word that everybody seems to be using to summarize something that's been going on but will finally end on Tuesday. Here is that word Garbage. Oh, That was used by both candidates and many other people in the final days of what? The election cycle. The election, yes.


We're only a few days away in the remaining hours. Really before election day. Both candidates are making their final push to voters. Harris's closing argument was that Trump represents a fundamental threat to democracy while Trump's closing argument was Puerto Rico. Am I right? Of Course. We have to be aware of this. Tuesday will not be the end. We might not know the result of the election for weeks. Arizona campaign officials say could take until Donald Trump is president to count all the ballots. On the plus side, I have made text friends with some very important people. Really?


If you saw the people that have been texting me, Luke Burbank. It's wild. Are they counting on you, Luke? I mean I, I assumed I played a fairly significant role in this election, but I had no idea. Yeah, Now of course, I mean it doesn't seem, it seemed like this always happens. Kamala Harris had this amazing rally on the ellipse and Joe Biden kind of stepped on it by when he seemed to call Trump supporters garbage. His aide say That's ridiculous. He would never say that in public. The and the Trump campaign, because they love this. They immediately embraced Biden's gaff about garbage in Wisconsin. The very next day Donald Trump dressed as a garbage man and drove around in a garbage truck and get this, he picked JD Vance as his running mate.


Yeah, But you know the funny thing I saw when, when he put on that orange garbage thing, he looked like a candy corn. Did you see that? I think someone posted from the orange vest to his face to that hair. It was straight candy corn land. It was, I see That. No one told him, Hey, hey, hey man, don't, nah, Go ahead. The tension between like Trump's political instincts and his team and his handlers and their sort of political instincts was in its most stark when he got into that garbage truck. 'cause you could tell that four people tried to say, sir, do not get in that garbage truck. This is not a good look for you. Yeah, it was touch and go. He, it was like trying to kind of, first he couldn't get the door open that he was trying to reach up onto these handles.


There's like four secret service dudes that are like, do we help him? Yeah. Are president's compostable? You're just standing there. Which bin do I throw him in? Is he litter or? Alright, Megan, Megan, here is your next quote. Lions and tigers and beers. That was a scientific journal summing up a new finding that what is much more common in the animal kingdom than we thought. Drinking. Yes. Drinking alcohol. A new study finds that deliberate alcohol use among animals of all kinds is far more widespread than we thought from chimpanzees to fruit flies.


Apparently they're also watching this election. I Mean we've known that they do this, but this new study says that they do it much more than we thought and even more than that, they do it apparently for the same reasons we do. For example, this is true. They found male fruit flies turned to alcohol after they were rejected by a potential mate. That's true. And the bartender, oh my god. I mean, and the bartender's like, don't worry pal, you only live a week. Yeah. You should see them when there's a round of layoffs like fruit flies that have just been fired. Really? Go after it. Oh yeah, you should see 'em drop.


Well, And also this is true, I wanna share with this with you. The more alcohol they consume, the less discerning female fruities become about potential mates. What kind of, first of all, high powered microscope was the scientist using and what drugs was he on to be like, yeah, you know what? His feelings are hurt right now. He, I like the Idea of the scientist looking at what seems to be a regular Petri dish and it's just, you know, organ, it just keeps enhancing, enhancing. And then it's just like a bar. And That's what I'm saying, Like inside the bar and then just like one fruit fly that can't get laid and just like, just keep in this little world of these animals.


Do you know who can hold their liquor? Hornets, Hornets apparently can ingest an 80% ethanol solution with no effect on their behavior. Unless of course you count their yelling. No, I'm okay to drive. Now of course I should say these animals, insects, they're not like downing shots of vodka. It's rather they're getting drunk and fermented fruits and fruit juice. Right. It's more of a brunch thing. Bottom bottomless plums. So this is really just bugs, not people's household pets are sneaking, Hey man, I thought I had some pinot in this fridge and it that's let bugs be bugs bro. Alright, Megan, here is your last quote. If you do see anybody selling some cheap cheddar, can you let us know That was a cheese maker in the UK pleading for help after what happened to his cheese?


Oh, I might need a hint. Was it stolen? It Was stolen. You didn't need a hint. That's right. It's being called the quote, great cheese heist of 2024. $400,000 worth of cheddar cheese was stolen. That's 22 tons. They are going to have to steal so much lactate. Yeah, Sounds like some UA fair. A group of old fashioned cheese makers. The guys who do the stuff by hand make the good stuff say they were contacted by a man who said he represented this big French grocery chain and he wanted to place a huge order and they were so convinced he was real.


He said, so anyways, I'm looking for some mage. And they shipped off the cheese and when they didn't get paid, they realized they'd been ripped off and they were heartbroken. One cheesemaker said of his stolen cheeses quote, and this is real. I feel like I knew each one individually, So you know what, and if I was a detective for this Yeah. You start at their TDY boards and go back, you know what I'm saying? Wherever there's an explosion in chardy boards. Yeah, Usually that's smart hot cheese. Right, right after that. Right. But I would say to Brian's point, look for the criminal gang that hasn't taken a number two in a while. Yeah. Yeah.


That's how they found him. There're Your Guys actually. Actually they did catch a guy. They, somebody is in custody as of Showtime and all they needed to do was wait for someone to buy 4,000 cases of Triscuits Bill. How did Megan do in our quiz? Fantastic. She was really hot and gets us off to a good start. Well done Megan. Congratulations. Thank You. Okay panel, it is time for a brand new game that we are calling What's Dame Helen Mein up to This week?


So Luke, you're our player for this inaugural edition. Okay. What is Dame Helen Mein, the legendary British actress up to This week? Is it a talking with great emotion about aging her career and how quote, if you love what you do, it never feels like working, it's playing. Or B, she was talking about aging and how quote, it's so sad that Kurt Cobain died when he did because he never saw GPSI Pray to God it's number two. It Is in fact B. Yes. Congratulations. During an interview with the evening standard newspaper, the celebrated actress completely unprompted started talking about Kurt Cobain and GPS something she loves and she says she regrets that Cobain never got to experience it.


Shockingly, this is not the first time that Dame Helen Marin has talked about Kurt Cobain and technology in the past. She mentioned how sad she was that he had never seen a laptop or been on the internet. Somebody needs to check Dame Helen Marin's like trapper keeper. 'cause I feel like she has written on there. Mrs. Helen Cobain over and over again. This is an old school crush. Yeah. This guy's taking up a lot of real estate in her brain. No, she's imagining the Insta handle. Like at Kurt and Helen. You know she's Eat some dipping Dots. You think about Kurt. Kurt, Kobe. Yeah. And that he never had 'em. Yeah.


Coming up business or pleasure in our bluff. The listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be be back in a minute with more if Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We are playing This week with Emmy Blotnick, Luke Burbank, and Brian Babylon. And hearing it as your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Bill. Right now it is time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game. Call one aaa. Wait, Wait to play our game on the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at waitwait npr Hi, you are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter. This is Yvonne in Olympia, Washington. I love Olympia, Washington.


Nice. One of my favorite places. I have good friends there. What do you do? I am an artist and a middle school art teacher. And I also play in a band called Sticks and Bones. Sticks And Bones. Nice. What kind? What kind of band is it? It's a queer women led honk band. All inclusive, all all abilities. Yeah. Honk Music. Is that like where you just show up and just honk on your instruments? Well, that's what I do 'cause I don't know how to play. But Ivana, welcome to the show. You're gonna play the game in which you must try to tell truth from Fiction. Bill, what is Yvonne's topic? Traveling for business. The work shrimp.


That's, they're so great. It's a chance to meet colleagues all over to see new places. And finally enjoy anything you want from the mini bar 'cause you're not paying. This week we heard about chaos on a work trip. Our panel is gonna tell you about it. Pick the one who's telling the truth. You'll win the wait waiter of your choice on your voicemail. Are you ready to play? Yes. Alright, first up it is Luke Burbank. Robert Baku, a Ugandan delegate to the United Nations, recently found himself between a rock and a hard place. As the guardian reported This week, A UN conference in Cali Columbia had so many delegates in attendance that the city completely ran out of hotel rooms. So Baku and others ended up staying at Motel desires.


An hourly rental sex motel with rooms featuring stripper poles, sex swings, circular beds and mirrors on the ceilings. The setup is quite different from other hotel rooms, said Baku, who has now been declared Uganda's, minister of understatement. But motel manager, Diana Echeverri, made it her goal to welcome the delegates, even cooking them a fresh breakfast each morning of eggs, coffee, and traditional Colombian bread. And it seemed to work. According to the article, the delegates kind of loved motel desires. We are enjoying ourselves. Beku told the Guardian, this motel is more comfortable than many of the other places we've stayed.


Now, if you can excuse me, I need to stare at my reflection in the ceiling and practice my presentation for tomorrow. Delegates to a very serious UN conference in Cali Columbia, having to stay in a sex motel. Your next out of office message comes from Emmy Blotnick. When Samantha Meyers started her internship at a Canadian construction company, she thought it would be straightforward. She never thought she'd be sent on a clandestine business trip to broker a deal with the Quebecois Mafia. According to the globe and Mail, Samantha took some liberties under the special skills section of her resume. I saw it as an aspirational space.


Samantha explained Her special skills were mentalist, hostage negotiation, and perfect French. Unfortunately, her skills were just the thing. Her employer needed to broker a major deal with a rival. They needed a hundred tons of gravel at a low price. So they sent Samantha to the province to meet with the head of the construction mafia. Samantha took her can-do attitude and two weeks of Duolingo French to the meeting and came home with an incredible deal. A hundred tons of well-made Quebecois gravy. The French word for gravel is Grat. So I got confused. But really anyone could have made this mistake.


Explain Samantha, the only person who could have made this mistake. The gravy will be mixed into concrete. And so now all Ontario roads will smell like slow cooked beef. It's a win-win. A woman sensed and negotiate with the Qua mafia to get gravel and came back with gravy instead. Your last story of getting all up in somebody's business travel comes from Brian Babylon. Archeologists from all over the world gathered in Chicago This week for the Global Archeology Conference, were amazed by discovery that would change everything they thought they knew about the ancient world. One exhibit booth showcased newly unearthed relics from an excavation somewhere in the Egyptian desert.


Items include an ancient tablet adorned with hieroglyphics, spelling out LOL and R-O-F-L-A ceremonial cup with an embedded QR code and a clay tablet engraved with what looked like an iPhone. Professors from top universities were soon gathered around, nodding seriously with Dr. Viva Cohen, a specialist in Egypt's third dynasty proclaiming perhaps what we have been calling hieroglyphics the whole time were secretly emojis. She spent 30 minutes analyzing the tablet until a student scanned the QR code revealing a YouTube video of cats dressed as Pharaohs gasp turn of laughter as a group of PhD students reveal it was a prank.


Most professors took it with stride. With Dr. Cohen laughing, it's a reminder that we need to think outside the tomb. Ha ha ha. Now if you will, I need to go look at that cat video again. So something happened recently when some people left their offices at home to work abroad. Was it from Luke Burbank? Some diplomats at a serious UN conference in Cali Columbia having to stay at a hotel for a more hourly client clientele from Emmy Blotnick, a woman who was sent by her boss to get some gravel, came back with gravy instead because of her poor French or from Brian Babylon, archeologists gathering in Chicago were fooled by what seemed to be a discovery of ancient high technology.


Which of these was the real story of a work trip? So I'm gonna go with Luke's hotel sex Desires. Alright, well, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to a reporter who reported on that story. They Took out some of the sex wings and chairs. So they tried to like slightly desex it. That was Phoebe Weston, a biodiversity reporter for the Guardian who visited the sex hotel along with the diplomats. Congratulations, Yvonne. You got it right. Luke was in fact telling the truth. I see sometimes dad, for once. For once. And you have won our prize.


The voice of anyone you might choose. Congratulations, Yvonne. Thank You. Thank You so much And keep honking. I'll take Care. And now the game we call, not my job actor Brian Jordan Alvarez didn't wait for some network to let him do a sitcom. He spent years making TV series and movies with his friends, putting them on YouTube between his acting jobs. Finally, FX on Hulu got the hint. And his new show English teacher, which he created and stars in, is their latest hit. Brian Jordan Alvarez, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me.


Thank You for having me. So welcome. You have had this remarkable career, but it right now it has brought you to this new sitcom on Hulu, which everybody loves. It's called English teacher. Yes. And for people who don't know what it is about, in fact, an English teacher. Is that right? Yeah, exactly. And I do, I'm I, I've cast myself in the role of the titular English teacher. Right. How, how how'd you get the part? Did like a killer audition. I talked to the guy who created the show and he was like, you have a good look and we want you for this. Yeah. Which was me. The the character is openly gay and sometimes has to deal with all these expectations that people have in him have of him. Yeah. And I accept that about him by the way.


You're very, you're very, yeah. That's very open-minded for you To play. Yeah, I was like, it's okay. Yeah, you're Right. That's cool. My own way of my own sort of way of thinking. Yeah. Do you, have you been like, contacted by some of the teachers you had when you were growing up saying, it's me, isn't it that that part where he is really sensitive? That's me. Right? Not, not saying it's me, isn't it? But I, I have had a lot of sort of Facebook support from my, one of my teachers, Phil White, who who is, he would perch on his chair. He would always be squatting on his chair and he would spill coffee all over himself. And so yeah, I had a lot of great English teachers though. Claire Reichman and Tom Gladstone, and I just like to name drop my English teachers, You know? Right, right. We get It. So, so when you're crouching in a chair spilling coffee, all of yourself, you say, this is 'cause of the great teachers I had.


Yeah, exactly. You, you, the show is set obviously in the present day. Did you have to like research, like how high school has changed since you were there? Did you bring in I had to research the present day because I live in the past. I'm so stuck in the past, you know? Yeah, no, you know what it is, is that I am very online, as they say, sort of terminally online. I'm, I I part of me, you know, a a part of me that I'm always trying to improve is the part of me that can't get through most film and TV because I'm on TikTok too much. So then I think that's to the show's benefit. I know, you know, how people are talking right now and what people are arguing about online. And so some of that translates.


So you made a name for yourself by posting all of these videos to YouTube and TikTok. You've got self-made movies, you've got TV shows, you've got a video, just one I picked at random called Dancing to Cheeseburger in Paradise, which is literally just you dancing shirtless to the Jimmy Buffett song Cheeseburger in Paradise. Yes. Yeah. That, that was a lot of these are sort of covid outgrowths where it's like you're, you're in your apartment so long and as a creative person you just start coming up with nonsense, basically. Really? And, and you say, what am I gonna do today? I don't know. I'll dance around two cheeseburger in paradise and put it on the internet and then I'll go have lunch. Is that like your thought process?


Yeah, it's just like, how do I keep releasing content? Even when my only idea is to dance in my underwear? Then I'll just, then I'll just post, post that, you know? Well, You're kind of in a, you're having a big moment with that again, Brian, because you've been doing this meme, like this film, what can you offer my daughter? And the guy says nothing. And then does this dance, you've done roughly 1000 of those in the last week. Yes. 1000. Yes. How did you land on that? So that's a TikTok trend. I saw somebody do it. I thought it was really funny. I personally, I've actually, I don't think that I'm aware I've ever been part of a sort of a traditional TikTok dancing trend until now. And so English teacher, I'm very proud of, you know, the, the critics loved it and a lot of people are watching it, but I wanted more people to watch it.


And so I started doing this TikTok dancing trend and I say stream English teacher, and apparently it, it has quite seriously affected the numbers. And it's, it's just sort of like people are saying it, it, they feel like they're watching like a, a bird do a mating call. And you have used this to successfully market your relatively, I say mainstream sitcom on Hulu, a big streaming service. Is this like gonna become a thing? Are they gonna go up like Kathy Bates, who's the star of the new Matlock Movie? Yeah. And Say, Kathy, we need you to do something. You're gonna be like, please Kathy, just do one. I love your daughter video. Come behind. It'll be amazing. I have to ask you though, but another thing you are famous for, apparently, you know, they say he's big in Japan.


Well you are big in Australia because they think you out of all the people who attempted, do the best fake Australian accent. Is that the Case? Exactly. I have been on the news in Australia for how good my Australian accent is and I've never been to Australia actually. Okay. I've never been. So, and your Australian character is a weightlifter of some kind. Yeah, Rick. Rick, He's a weightlifter. And I think having set you up as the finest fake Australian accent, I think we need to hear from Rick or anyone else you might Wanna, okay, okay. I don't know. I don't usually do it on the spot. I'm probably gonna fail, so let me, lemme say that, but let see. Hi guys. Just wanted to say that I'm so glad we're all here together tonight and it's a privilege to be able to talk to this crowd and to show off my amazing biceps And to, To lift kilos and lift so many kilos.


Something like that. And I just love, I love, I love the fact that somebody in Australia saw that and said, that man's a hero. Yeah, exactly. We need to bring him onto our air just to praise him for his fake. How did, do you, is there a secret to your brilliant fake Australian accent? Yes, it does not, it's not a secret. It's that I watched several seasons of Australia's next top model and one of the key phrases is this, this not, not such a, not such a nice thing to say, but is this guy was, he was talking to one of the models and he goes, look waist up, it's great, but waist down, you've got a lot of work to do because you're not gonna fit the clothes and if you don't fit the clothes, you don't get the job.


Wow. That was, That was amazing. That's exactly the speech Peter gave me backstage. Yeah. Well, Brian Jordan Alvarez, it is so much fun to talk to you and we have asked you here to play a game. We are calling English teacher meet an English Creature, and by English creature we of course mean the hedgehog, that adorable spiny thingamajig that's under severe threat because apparently we just can't have good things. Answer two to three questions about hedgehogs correctly, Brian, and you will win a prize for one of our listeners. A hedgehog, no, actually not that voice for their voicemail message. Bill, who is Brian Jordan Alvarez playing for Kate Smith of Orlando, Florida.


Alright, here's your first question. Hedgehogs of course are beloved in England and in 2006, the Hedgehog Preservation Society, a real thing won an important battle on behalf of the hedgehogs. Was it A, they won a court case that led to hedgehogs being legally classified as tiny spiny persons. B. Every town is required to have at least one hedgehog highway, a lane at the side of the road reserved for hedgehogs or C, they got McDonald's to redesign their Mick flurry cups because hedgehogs kept getting stuck in them. Oh, it's B or CI think C.


You are right Brian. That's what happened. It, It took six years of lobbying and presumably television commercials with sad hedgehogs with McFlurry cups on their heads. But it did work. McDonald's did change the design of their McFlurry. Look, and we all miss the old McFlurry cup, but you gotta, It's all right man. It's for the hedgehog. It's for the hedgehogs. Okay. Now, as we've established English people love their hedgehogs, but maybe not as much as Americans do. Who went so overboard for that animal that what happened in 2019, A, the American Kennel Club had to change their rules to officially exclude hedgehogs from being entered into the Westminster dog show.


B. The C, D, C had to issue a warning that kissing your hedgehog could give you a rare form of salmonella or C, the Met gala kept Zendaya from entering while wearing a cape made of 24 live. Hedgehogs. I think it's B. You Think it's B. You're right. The C, DC is a Warning. Stop Kissing your hedgehogs. It's not sanitary. Shake their paws firmly. Okay. Yeah. Alright, last question. You're doing very well. Brian. Hedgehogs are very familiar animals, but there are still some mysteries about them. For example, nobody knows why hedgehogs occasionally do what? A refuse to eat anything but cheese, pizza, B, blow up like a balloon, or C, get into formation and do what really looks like a synchronized dance number.


I think it's, I could be wrong, but I think It's B blowing up like a balloon. You're right. Yeah. Wow. They do that. People do that sometimes too. Yeah. Yeah. Its technical name is balloon syndrome and nobody knows exactly what causes it. It's very dangerous for the hedgehogs and the cure and I'm very serious is to deflate them. Whoa. Oh Bill, how did Brian Jordan Alvarez do in our Show? He has entered a rare group. Three in a row. Yes. Congratulations. Wow. Brian. Brian. Brian Jordan Alvarez is the creator, producer, writer, and of course star of English teacher on Hulu. Brian an album?


Yes. Binge. Binge English teacher on Hulu. Binge. Binge it. Binge it. Do not sleep. Do not eat Miami in just a minute. Bill goes for gold in Mario Kart in the Listener Limerick challenge. Call one Triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait. Don't tell me from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world so you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work.


So listen to the Up First podcast from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at enter.com/npr.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Luke Burbank, Emmy Blotnick, and Brian Babylon. And here again is your host. That's the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Z all Thank You so much. In just a minute, bill finds it hard to hold a candle in the cold November rhyme in our listener Lier challenge game. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel, some more questions for you from the week's news Emmy, the New York Times This week made a plea to wedding planners to look out for a marginalized group of people at weddings.


Who are those people? Are they, are they single people? They are in fact, the single people, One of them is here. Yes. Yes. Apparently single people. Yes. You know where everybody's there to celebrate true love between two people. But what about the sad spinsters? Not to mention of course the spin Ows. This article recommends for example, that people who are organizing weddings should cancel the slow dances. 'cause those can be hard for the people without a date. The article even mentioned one woman at a wedding who felt so awkward she tried to get on the slow dance floor by dancing around with her dinner roll.


What a goof. I wonder why she's single Who goes to a wedding and makes it about them. Why would she This is my day. How dare. No, I'm not. I'm not Brian Zilla. Yeah. I also think that the premise, having been married a couple of times, not to brag the premise that the single people are the sad people misunderstands. Yeah. The nature of some committed relationships. Yeah. Heading on home, doing whatever you wanna do is not a bad feeling compared to tense car ride home. Wait a Minute. So you're telling me If someone tried to break out their moves to Jungle Fever at At your weddings, the number indeterminate at this point you Were there.


That's for the courts to decide. You were there getting married. Yes. Looking at the Dateless people. No. Who were leaving alone going those lucky bastards. Not in those moments, but I'm just saying this cultural idea that we have to feel so bad for folks who are single, like their life is such a living hell. I would just say spend a Saturday morning with them and see how un hellish it is. Yeah. They're asleep. They're asleep. Yeah. They're chilling. Nobody is messing with them. It's a pretty good scene. You know what I will say, I've been to some receptions and they put people at the single table. So it's that that old auntie, a couple of teenagers and a few single people throw some joints on that table and keep it stepping.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Do you catch a bouquet? Go home. I'm just imagining, you know, they throw the garter in the air, whatever they throw in the the bouquet, right? Yeah. And some people are going, Whoa. Yeah. Luke managers have tried a variety of incentives to get employees back in the office, even this long after the pandemic. Things like ping pong tables, massage chairs. But one company in Sweden may have topped them all by adding what feature? Is it experiential? Yes. Is it like a, some kind of a trampoline or slide or Oh yes. A slide. Very much like that. I'll give it to you. It's a rollercoaster. A rollercoaster, yes. The great exhibition design studio, that's the name of the company. They made waves This week by becoming the first office in the world as far as anyone knows, to feature a fully functional indoor rollercoaster in the office.


It's the perfect addition to lure back employees who love both fun and filing workman's comp applications. The rollercoaster, which has a 10 foot vertical drop and is 200 feet long along its course can carry a single rider on a trip throughout the office, through the halls and the lunchroom and the work rooms. Right by the desks of all the employees who are like good Lords fan. I'm on a Zoom call. Could you not? I like the idea that if you go to this company's website, everyone's profile pick is that photo they sell you at the end. Exactly. What have you got? Do they do that? Like when you get laid off, like you just get into the rollercoaster and then you look up, you're at your car, what's your box? That would be nice. Right?


It seems like it would be, I guess a, a good way to wake yourself up if it was like you're hitting that lowie point in the day. Yeah. Oh yeah. But it also seems like a tremendously poor use of the space of the office building. Well, Especially For just one person. Yeah, one person at a time. I don't you wanna do that with your friends, That's even more important. Well, you can wave to the vision. Friendship. No. A one person rollercoaster sounds dumb. What do they, what does the company manufacture ask That's or sell or do? They're a design company. Oh, they do like design installation. So it's, it's, you know, on brand, it's less surprising than it were say a payroll processing company. It'd Be great if it was like safe coinsurance. Yeah, exactly.


Coming up, it's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. Or you can come see us on the road in Detroit on November 14th and at Carnegie Hall in New York City on December 12th. For tickets and information, go to NPR presents.org. Also, you can check out our sister podcast, how to do Everything. This week Mike and Ian talked to two of your kids favorite celebrities. Josh Gad from Frozen and the Secretary of Transportation. Pete Buttigieg. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hello. This is Jenna from Cincinnati.


What Do you do there in Cincinnati? I am a project engineer for a large steel company and mom to a rambunctious 3-year-old son. How very cool. And I'm not talking about the sun. I got one of those big deal. I'm talking about the steel because you know, it's the modern world people call in, they're teachers, they're consultants, they're IT professionals. You make something. Yeah. It's really actually kind of cool, right? Do you, do you like take steel home from the office? I can't say yes or no. Right. Well Jenna, welcome to the show. Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each. He'll stop suddenly. That's when you'll know it's your turn to fill in that last word.


And if you do that two times outta three, you'll be a winner. Ready to play? Yep. Let's Go. Here is your first limerick, Though. The slime factors making me Chopra for my health. I am going for brora for the good of my bad. I'm distilling green pods and I'm drinking the water from okra. Okra, yes. Okra is the, in a new health trend that is supposedly going to lower your blood pressure and aid your digestion people online or drinking something called okra water. I was worried we were drinking Oprah. No, There's only, only two ways that limerick ends.


Pretty Much Oprah would've been better. Oprah Water is. I am sorry to report exactly what it sounds like. It's the perfect drink for anyone who's looked at, you know, water and thought, sure, this is good, but couldn't it be more mucilaginous? So to make okra water, you just leave lots of slices of okra in water overnight. And then in the morning you throw out the okra and you drink the bitter gloppy liquid that's left over. The trend started after someone said, you know, I'd like to drink my own snot, but there's not enough of it. What? What if Rocky Balboa did that in the morning? He never No. That stuff. He never would've had a boxing career. Never had a put down. Walked away. That's too Gross.


Gaston from beauty in the feast Makes Raw eggs in his Okra water. Yeah. No one's thick as Gaston. So Is this, is this No one Slimes like Gaston. Alright, Jenna, here is your next limerick, Though the internet answered with rage. I did not lock my tot in a cage. I merely chose paint that is boring and faint. Now the baby's room's color is age Beige. Yes, that's right. Beige instead of the bright primary colors that we're all used to with children's stuff. More and more baby toys and decor and clothing is being made in beige and other neutral colors.


Even the beloved TV character, bluey has become beige. Well, there is a shortage of accountants in America and the only way to get more of 'em is raise them in a beige Bedroom with babies. Right here is your last limerick, Though not buff. I won't fave any shaming with controllers on screens. I am aiming do Olympic events will appear four years. Hence I'll be getting a medal in gaming. Yes. Yes. Very good. Three in a row. Wow. An official at the International Olympic Committee said recently that they quote, cannot ignore the staggering numbers unquote, of video game players out there.


So video games will probably be added to the Olympics sometime in the near future, say by 2032, when the top medal winners in the games will be the us, China, and the mushroom kingdom. So this Is gonna replace 'cause they break dancing clearly. Oh yeah. Came and went. So thanks Ray Gunn. Yeah. Bill, how did Jenna do in our quiz? Jenna Is solid as steel three in a row. Congratulations, Jenna. Woo. Thank You all so much, Jenna. Take care. You Too. Byebye Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable.


That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBUR, Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR Politics podcast These days, there is a lot of news.


It can be hard to keep up with what it means for you, your family, and your community. Consider this from NPR is a podcast that helps you make sense of the news. Six days a week we bring you a deep dive on a story and provide the context, backstory and analysis you need to understand our rapidly changing world. Listen to the consider this podcast from NPR. Now it's time for our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is now worth two points. Bill, can you give us the scores? Luke has four. Emmy and Brian each have two. All right, so I'm just going to arbitrarily choose Brian to go first. Here we go.


The clock will start when they begin your first question, fill in the blank. Okay. On Monday, federal authorities started an investigation into the fires that destroyed blanks in Argon and Washington. Wildfires. No ballot boxes this time. Oh, but Yeah, they were like wild and air. On Tuesday. The CDC confirmed that 15 people contracted e coli linked to food from blank. McDonald's. Yes. On Wednesday, rescue workers confirmed that 1200 people were still trapped after Spain experienced massive, disastrous blanking Floods. Right? Saying they pose a risk to their health. Schools throughout the country are banning students from blanking tweet, Texting, No wearing Crocs. The shoes. On Monday, apple unveiled the first features of their new blank feature.


Artificial intelligence. Yes. Apple Intelligence, it's called best known for her roles in Young Frankenstein and Tootsie Blank passed away at the age of 79. Damn. Terry Garr. Right This week a pizzeria in Wisconsin apologized to customers after they ran out of cooking oil and ended up using blank instead. French fry oil. No. Cannabis oil. You know how it is? You run out of oil for your pizza you're making in a communal kitchen and accidentally you grab the bottle that somebody else was using to make pot brownies. About 70 customers reported getting super high after eating the pizza, which is of course the reverse order of the way it usually happens. Things got even worse when the restaurant ran out of those little Parmesan cheese packets and thought, well, we'll just send these little baggies of white powder instead.


Bill, how did Brian do in our quiz? All right, eight more points. A total of 10 puts him in the lead. All right, Emmy, you're up next. Here we go. Fill in the blank. According to a new report, Elon Musk has been in regular contact with blank for at least two years. Putin Right after serving 120 days in prison. Former Trump chief of Staff blank was released on Monday. Steve Bannon. Right. This week, the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Yankees to win their eighth blank championship World series. Right. On Wednesday, Starbucks announced they would no longer charge extra for blank. Like one of those alt milks, Right? Yes. Non-dairy milks. This week a group of skateboarders fulfilled the wishes of their recently deceased friend by blanking, Quitting.


No. By turning his headstone into a quarter pipe skating ramp for the first time in 130 years, the peaks of Mount Fuji in Japan don't have any blank on them. In October, snow, right? Passengers flying from Seattle to Anchorage were outraged. This month after a man blanked while in flight From Seattle to Anchorage. Not important. Okay. Alright. Not even sure why I mentioned it. What did he do, Peter? He, He opened a can of tuna. Oh, no. So a talker named Ali Jackson was sitting there and she started filming when the person sitting next to her just reached into his bag, pulled out a can of tuneup, popped it open, and just started eating it with a fork.


The smell quickly filled up the plane, which was terrible for everyone except that family of cats traveling in row 34. Bill, how did Emmy do in our quiz? Really Good. Five, right? 10 more points. Her total of 12 puts her in the lead. All right, So how many then does Luke Burbank need to win? Four to tie, five to win? Not impossible, Luke, here we go. Ready? This is for the game. Fill in the blank. After their opinion, editor was prevented from publishing a presidential endorsement by their owner, over 250,000 people canceled their subscription to the blank Washington Post.


Right? In a move that sparked international outcry, Israel banned the UN group supporting refugees from blank Gaza. Right? This week, several economic experts confirmed that America has managed to avoid a blank recession. Right? On Monday, a new rule went into effect requiring airlines to automatically refund passengers whose flights are blank, delayed, right or canceled. This week, a Canadian man was arrested for driving under the influence after he was caught Blanking, drinking maple syrup, No driving in Zamboni into the sides of an ice rink while dressed as a kangaroo. On Thursday, the USDA announced plans to test raw milk for blank Botulism, no bird Flu. After months of complaints online about their portion sizes, blank announced they were returning to consistent and generous portions.


Chipotle, right after residents of the UK started posting pictures of the Northern Lights on social media authorities revealed that blank. It was. It was a children's drawing of the Northern Lights. No, there were actually just the light shining up from a tomato factory. A recent solar storm has caused the Aurora Borealis to be visible far closer to the equator than any time in recent history. Sadly, this though, was not that. This was the lights from the plant over there that processed tomatoes. If you're wondering how to tell the difference, the clues were the glow in the sky was shining upwards and it was red. And some observers reported the moon hitting their eye like a big pizza pie.


Oh, yeah, yeah. Bill, did Luke do well enough to win Five rights? 10 more points. 14 gives him the win. Good job, Luke. In just a minute, we'll ask our panelists, now that we know that animals drink alcohol, what will be the next surprising vice that we learn? They have? But first, let me tell you all that. Wait, Wait. Don't Tell me is a production of NPR and WB Z Chicago and Association with Urgent Aircraft production is Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Ika writes our limericks. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald. Special thanks This week to our old friend Gary Yeck.


And thanks as always to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater. BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles drum boss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Goliath, Roberson and Monica Hickey. Our intimacy coordinator is Peter Gwen. Emma Cho is our vibe curator, technical direction to some Lorna White. Our CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ianello and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. That's Michael Danforth now panel. What wild things will animals be getting up to? Brian Babylon. It comes to find out that McGruff, the crime dog has been selling drugs the whole time.


That's what he keeps under the trench coat. Makes perfect sense. Yeah. Emmy Blotnick horses Are doing human tranquilizers And Luke Burbank. They'll become addicted to gambling. But the slot machines, when they come up, cherries, it will be actual cherries. Well, if any of that happens, we're gonna ask you about it right here on Wait. Wait, don't tell Me. Thank You so much, Bill. Curtis, thanks to Brian Babylon, Emmy Blotnick, and Luke Burbank. Thanks to our fabulous audience, A came out to see us at the theater, and thanks to all of you for listening out there, wherever you might be. I'm Peter Segel and we'll see you next week.


This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card has no preset spending limit, so the card's purchasing power can adapt to meet business needs. Plus, the card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. So the more a business spends, the more miles earned and when traveling, the Venture X business card grants access to over a thousand airport lounges. The Venture X business card, what's in your wallet, terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash venture. X business


Cell Phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here? Every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU.