
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Tim Meadows making the best of a weather delay at O'Hare by filling in for Bill Curtis. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater, at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You everybody. Thank You so much. Later on, we're gonna be talking to Bridget Everett and Jeff Hiller, the stars of the HBO Show. Somebody Somewhere. But first I gotta say what a thrill it is to be standing right next to legendary comedian and actor Tim Meadows. It's such a thrill to have you.


So You Know. Thank You. Big thrill for me, Tim. How does it feel for you to take on this job? Well, I gotta Say, after years of working next to some of the absolute greats, it's really exciting to try something different. If you'd like to enjoy your debut on our show, just Give us a call. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Hi. Hi. Who's this? This Is Daniel. Hey Daniel. You're calling from, I'm calling from Austin, Texas. Austin, Texas. We were just talking ironically, a moment ago before the show about Austin, Texas, which a place many of us have been and all of us love.


And I actually have a question for you that came up. Have a fact you've been able to keep Austin weird, I guess. You guess. Hey, does this sound very convinced? Yeah. I Don't know, man. That's how I Feel about it. Well, well that was a weird answer. Yeah, I guess So. Well, Daniel, let me introduce you to our panel this week. First you can see him at the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas on December 21st and 22nd. And then at the La Jolla Comedy Store on December 27th through the 29th. It's Moz Joe Brown. Hey. Hello. Hey. Weird. How are you? Next a comedian. You can see New Year's Eve at the Burlington Comedy Store in Burlington, Vermont. It's Joel Nicole Johnson.


Hey Danny Boy, how you doing? Hi. And a comedian who has a new Netflix special called Home Free. It's Tom Papa. Hello. Hello. So welcome to the show. Daniel. You are gonna play the very first edition ever of who's Tim? This time Tim Meadows filling in for Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you'll win our prize. Any voice from our show you may choose on your voicemail. Are you ready to go? Absolutely. Okay. Here is your first quote. If you can spill it, spread it, pump it, or pour it, it should go in a check bag.


That was advice from the TSA for all the people who'll be traveling next week with food for what? Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving. That's right. The TSA expects this to be the busiest Thanksgiving travel period On record is millions of Americans will journey back home looking for someone to fight with. And the general rule is, as you heard Tim say, solids can go in your carry on onto the plane. Liquids have to be checked in luggage. This is for safety. When this soup in your checked bag leaks, it can help put out the fire when the lithium battery in there explodes. Are you guys gonna be traveling? No. Absolutely not.


No. I Mean, I, I mean, isn't the point to go to someone's house and they've made it and or bring something from the same city or state? Who's flying I with? With who? Gravy. Okay. Who's doing that? It is Weird. It is. It is a little strange to be flying to Thanksgiving dinner with food. I mean, like, first of all, why are you flying anywhere if you also have to cook? My rule is if I'm putting on an apron, you are getting on a plane. Right. It is tricky. I mean, 'cause you get caught in these traditions and you have to go to the same place year after year and sometimes they don't make great gravy or other things. So you gotta come up with sneaky ways to get yours in there. That's Ziploc bag in your pocket full of gravy.


Good way to do it. Yeah. That sounds like, like, like the, the, the uncle who sneaks in some alcohol in a little flask. Yeah. You got a flask of gravy. What's he doing? Yeah, I get a little Ziploc thing of gravy. I'm like, don't tell your mother take. Yeah. And everyone in my family knows I do not cook. So they say you bring the alcohol baby. Yeah. Okay. My, my family is mixed. Like I'm, I'm Iranian. My wife's Indian. So we have, we have Persian food and we have Indian food. Right. And nobody touches the Turkey. Do you actually have Turkey? Do you actually have a Turkey? Give all that? There's A Turkey there. You walk by. He goes, gobble, gobble. We're like, screw you. We got food man. We got, we got, we got 2000 years of cuisine.


I was about To say the turkey's still alive, but if you're not gonna eat him, why not let 'em live? Let 'em live. It's also, I should say, because of these rules, it's a great time to be a smuggler because if they find drugs in your body cavity search, you can just say it's stuffing. It's cartel. Stuffing. Yeah. Alright, Daniel, here is your next quote. It is from Rolling Stone. There's been a Dev Patel contest in San Francisco. A Jack Slosberg meetup in Central Park. A Paul Mezcal hangout in Dublin. A Harry Styles party in London. So Rolling Stone was talking about this latest popular contest craze that's spreading around the world.


What kind of contest specifically Sounds like Lookalikes. Exactly right. Lookalike contest. The hottest new pastime is celebrity lookalike contests. So recently we had a Timothy Chalamet lookalike contest in New York, a Jeremy Allen White contest in Chicago. People are just flocking to these things. Is It surprising? I don't know. People come running when they heard there's a park where a bunch of guys who look like Glen Powell are hanging out Hot. So this all happens, all started just a month ago when some guy, for just joke, I guess, threw a Timothy Chalamet contest. Broad daylight, Washington Square Park, New York City. And a lot of people showed up who looked a lot like Timothy Chalamet and Timothy Chalamet showed up, which was pretty cool.


And that made in the news that led to Jeremy Allen White contests here in Chicago and New York, and ones for Dev Patel and Harry Styles in London as you heard. But all those fans were disappointed because just Timothy Chalamet showed up for those too. So Timothy famously grew up in the health kitchen building in New York. Right. So I was there last year for a dinner and I'm coming out and my friend was like, Timothy Shaman grew up in this building. And I was like, isn't it Tim Tag? And I get out the elevator and I'm like, shouting Tim tag Tim tag. And then he walked past me. What? And he like pulled down his hat. 'cause just some crazy woman is shouting his name in the lobby. Wait a minute, wait a minute.


Did you shout it three times? I Absolutely becausecause. That can conjure him. It did. It does. Wait, I'm confused. Is he still living there or He just walks around the building. Now He's waiting for somebody to recognize One of the, one of the side benefits of all these contests is it's amazing to see specifically what men think they look like. True. No sir. No sir. I'm sorry. You, you don't look like Jeremy Allen White from the bear. You just smoke cigarettes and your t-shirt is too small. Yeah. This is, this is very generational though. You know, like older celebrities, this isn't gonna happen. Old people don't want to come out.


Even if they look exactly like Jack Klugman, they're not coming out. That's right Here. Daniel is your last quote. California king. Not big enough for you meet the Alaska King. That was the headline of the Washington Post about the new trend of people wanting bigger and bigger Watts Beds. Yes. Beds. Very good. The Alaska King mattresses are really something at nine feet by nine feet. They're great for anyone who loves losing their wife. The bed is, is equivalent of quote, two full-size beds jammed together. Then you add 28 inches of length.


It's fun in a way that you could discover your spouse is cheating on you while you're in the same bed. And you catch 'em and they feel terrible and they're like, oh, sorry, we didn't think you could see us. What? With the curvature of the earth. We've gone way too far. It is So, it's so gross. My grandparents slept in a one full-size bed. It was just a little bit larger than a twin. And these were not small people. No. And they slept in that bed for 50 years together every single night. And let me be clear, they hated each other and their grandparents slept in a drawer together.


Yeah. And they despised each other. Is it possible, Tom, that the reason they hated each other was because they were had to fight for space in a tiny bed together? They were exhausted. Maybe if you get one of these Alaska kings, you don't see your spouse for so long, you begin to miss them. I lose my AirPods on my bed five times a week. The idea of getting a bigger bed, unless they increase the size of the AirPods, I'm not getting it. Alaska King AirPods. Yeah. Yeah. Tim, how did Daniel do on our quiz? Wow. I'm keeping score and announcing. That's a lot of work. Okay. Okay. But Daniel, Daniel Did really well.


He got all three questions. Correct. There You go. Congratulations Daniel. Thanks for calling. Thank You. Take care. Right now, panel time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Tom, a man was stopped from boarding a flight in Lima, Peru last week when it was discovered that it's not that he had a pot belly. He had what? A belly filled with pot? No, Not filled with pot. Oh, he had a a baby there. He Not quite a baby. He wasn't kidding when he said he had a stomach bug. Ew. Oh geez.


A bunch of diarrhea. What? I said stomach bug. And you took me and I said diarrhea. I know bedbugs. I'll give it to you. Insects. Hundreds of tarantulas, centipedes and bullet ants. What, what, who, where? What flight Airport security were suspicious of a man with a quote, extraordinarily swollen belly. So they gave him a pat down and discovered he had bags of 450 insects taped to his abdomen. Oh, that's so gross. It's so gross that I was more comfortable with my an first answer of diarrhea.


I know. So the man, when they sort of got everything outta the bags and examined it, he had 320 endangered tarantulas. 110 rare centipedes and nine bullet ants. Bullet ants. Just a Ziploc bag. Yeah, pretty much. So let me get this straight just because I'm flying tomorrow. No tarantulas, bullet ants or gravy. Right? I like bugs with 16 legs and bugs with lots of eyes. I like spider that crawl on the floor and eats up all the flies. Coming up, we grant your special request in our bluff The Listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy-filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Tim Meadows. We're playing this week with Joelle Nicole Johnson, Tom Papa and Moz Giani. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Tim. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me bluff the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play our game in the air or check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. Npr Hi. You're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Camille from Baltimore, Maryland. Hey, How are things in Baltimore?


The queen city. I love it there. Things are great in Baltimore. Yeah, that's good. What do you do there? Ooh, I love to go see concerts. I like to cook and be anywhere near or on the water there. And you can do that. There being a lot of water available in Baltimore. Exactly. Exactly. Well welcome to the show, Camille. You're gonna play the game in which you have to tell truth from fiction. Tim, what is Camille's topic? No brown m and ms. So we all love hearing about those fun tour writers, whether it's Van Halen's, no Brown m and ms, or Tim Meadows. Peter Segel. Do not look me in the eye.


This week we heard about a VIP who made a very unusual demand. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the real one and you'll win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to play? I'm so ready. Okay, well so are we. First, let's hear from Tom Papa. Well, some may think that the demands of rock stars can be extravagant. A famous Italian opera singer may put them all to shame. The legendary Alto Josephine Gilio credits her longevity to creating a tropical backstage environment that keeps her voice in shape and theater staff pulling out their hair. The dressing rooms must be kept at 85% humidity generated by plants, misting machines, and 12 heavy breathing howler monkeys from the Peruvian rainforest.


Two hours before showtime, anyone over five feet, two inches tall has to leave the backstage area so as not to directly inhale any of Josephine's perfect air. The monkeys who average three feet in height are welcome to stay. Finally after her vocal warmups in this perfectly tropical air. Josephine's private chef caps things off by serving her red wine and meatballs because after all, she is an Italian diva. An Italian diva in her contract demands a tropical environment complete with monkeys backstage. Your next story of ridiculous requests comes from Joelle Nicole Johnson.


Most couples bond over things they adore. But Amar Achman and melody merchant bonded over unadulterated hate. It was their second date that one of Forbes Pakistan's richest couples discovered they hated other people's mouths. He asked me out to a restaurant and I confessed my disgust thinking the relationship would be over then and there merchant was amazed to find that her new Bo shared the same idiosyncrasy. Anything mouth based is off the table, which is a lot more stuff than you think. So they do what any other rich couple would do. They throw money at the problem. They've hired a bodyguard whose sole job it is to get all mouths away from them whenever they go out. All mouths must stay closed.


While they both know this behavior is ridiculous. When asked if they would ever seek therapy, merchant bluntly stated, why I have money my man and a bodyguard. When you have those things, you do what you want. A very wealthy couple insists that they never see the mouths of anyone ever around them. Your last story of a peculiar plea comes from Moz Joe. Slipping on a banana peel might be funny to you, but to Sweden's gender equality minister Paulina Brandenburg, it is terrifying. Why? Because she is afraid of bananas. In fact, she's so afraid that her staff has to quote banana proof any areas she might be present in so that she doesn't have to face her banana phobia.


Who knows what causes this banana phobia in Minister Paulina? Now I don't wanna make any assumptions, but maybe as a child she had a pet monkey and that monkey's name was Bjorn. Who doesn't go Woohoohoo but has a Swedish accent goes Woo. And maybe the monkey went bananas. Seriously, it's a medical term for when monkeys eat too many bananas. And maybe to this day, whenever Paulina sees a banana, it reminds her of Baby Bjorn. And the feeling she gets can best be summarized by the eighties pop band Banana Rama. It's a cruel, cruel summer leaving me here on my own.


It's a cruel, cruel summer. Now you're gone. You're not the only one. Alright, So this week we heard about someone who has an odd demand for pretty much when they leave the house. Was it from Tom Papa, an opera singer, an Italian one who demands an absolutely tropical jungle like environment in her dressing room to preserve her voice from Joy l Nicole Johnson, a wealthy couple from Pakistan who insists that whenever they go out, no one ever display their oral cavity. Or from Ma Ani a Swedish government minister who is so terrified of bananas that her own staff has to make sure that none will appear wherever she goes.


Which of these is the real story of an unusual condition? I am gonna go with the prime Minister afraid of bananas. I think you're gonna go with the Swedish minister afraid of bananas. That was from ma. Well, to bring you the correct answer, we spoke to an expert on this area. What's probably happened is that this person had a banana, saw a banana, ate a banana during some negative experience. That was Professor Mark Sheffield, a neurobiologist at the University of Chicago, talking about the possible origins of the banana phobia suffered by the Norwegian minister. Congratulations. You got it right.


Thank You. We picked Moz, his story. He was telling the truth. That means he gets a point. But more to the point you win our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose. Thank You very much. Thank You. Take care. And now the game where we ask famous people about obscure things, it's called Not My job, HBO's Somebody Somewhere is not like there are other shows. There are no dragons or gangsters or billionaires. Just a bunch of normal people trying to get by in Manhattan, Kansas.


And it's become immensely popular because won't it be so cool when a dragon finally does show up the two stars of the show. Bridget Everett and Jeff Hiller. Join us now. Bridget and Jeff, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. So let's start here. I just started watching the show and I devoured season or so and I've been trying to explain what it is and why it's so popular. Well, I mean it's not getting those House of Dragons not right. I know. It was like so popular. So popular. I don't know. You know, it's a slice of life. It's about friendship, it's, you know, it's about making each other, lifting each other up and, and you know, we're not afraid of a fart joke.


You know, I can say that on any RI don't know. Our show is all fart jokes. Really. I know you and I have the same formula, Bridget, since you are from Manhattan, Kansas. And it is a show set in Manhattan, Kansas about a woman from Manhattan, Kansas. I'm assuming that everything we see in the show actually happened, right? Oh yeah. Pretty much. Give or take six. Wait, I was gonna, I can't, I can't talk like this. I was gonna say something naughty. I'm gonna leave And, And Jeff, I'm told that your character that you play is awfully close to your real life experience. Is that the case? Yeah, we both love Vitamixes and we're both, you know, middle aged homosexuals with asymmetrical faces.


That's True. Was meant to be Peter. It was meant to Be. Right, right, right. And I know Bridgette, there are a lot of your friends from the New York scene in the show, including your own dog. Yeah, that's right. In season three there's a dog as she's a beautiful Pomeranian Pomeranian who plays a rescue dog and she's actually a rescue in real life. Thank You so much. You are an angel? Yeah. Is she? What's that? Is she there with you now in your home where we find you? Yeah, she's, I gave her a little sleeping assistance in the other room. I understand. She Wouldn't Bother us. Perhaps. Perhaps a big bottle of Chardonnay.


That's Right, that's Right. Was this, was this whole show just, was this whole show just a plot to get your dog into the union? You bet. It occurs to me, Bridget, that I don't know of any other major piece of entertainment set in Manhattan, Kansas. So you must be like a queen there 'cause you have done for Manhattan, Kansas. What's a Game of Thrones did for King's Landing? You put it on the mat. That's right. You know, they actually did a Bridget Everett day for me a couple years ago. So if anybody ever wants to go to Manhattan, Kansas, I think it's March 5th, every year they make a little Bridget Everett Donut and a Bridgette Everett beer. And Wait a minute, it's not just wait a minute, hold on. I mean it's not, it's like they had a day for you when you showed up. There is an actual day on the calendar every year the kids get off school.


Oh, it's pretty. What are you doing for Bridget every day? Is it? That's right. That's a great ll cool J says dreams don't have deadlines. So that's Amazing. So this is the third and last season of Somebody Somewhere, which is sad, but I think four episodes are out. Now I I did wanna ask you this though, because the show is, the characters you play are broadly similar to you. They have similar styles, maybe in similar backgrounds. It would you both love to play someone next or soon who is nothing like you? And if so, what kind of character would that be? I'm waiting for the train wreck spinoff for me and Tim Meadows to do like some sort of romcom That gets a little freaky at the taco bar.


I don't know. How about, how about you Jeff? Do you have any idea? Like if I could, if you said, oh my God, Somebody Somewhere, what a huge hit. You can write your own ticket, you can play anything you want. What do you want? What do you wanna do? Well, I've been playing a lot of serial killers lately. And that's nice to, you know, be someone who you know, I mean exactly. I I thought for a second. You were kidding, but are you not kidding? Have you been playing a lot of serial killers? I have been playing a lot. I imagine that's kind of a mixed plussing because you get steady work, right? Serial killer is always popular, but at the same time, what is it about you you think that makes them think, Hmm, serial killer psychopath, sex criminal Jeff Miller.


You know, I just got a face for murder. I do. You Gimme precious back. You gimme precious. That's Made. I I all of a sudden I have a premonition of what the big surprise climax of Somebody Somewhere is going to be. Well, Bridget Everett and Jeff Hiller, this is really fun. And we have asked you here to play a game that this time we're calling Nobody nowhere. So obviously since your show was called Somebody Somewhere, we thought we'd ask you about nobody nowhere. That is three questions about places where it's hard to find anybody. Tim, who are Bridget and Jeff playing for Jack Powers of Las Vegas, Nevada.


Okay, You on Vegas? Come on now you guys, as we do this, you're allowed to argue, you're allowed to team up. You're allowed to play this however you want. Here we go. Here's your first question. The loneliest and most desolate place on earth is Antarctica. An entire continent whose population never exceeds about 5,000 people. Despite that one scientist who was there in December of 2013 managed to do what? A convinced the band cold play to come there and do a show naturally B match with someone on Tinder or C, organize the first ever freezing man festival.


I think it's C you too. I think it's C I'm So glad you Wait a minute. That Wait minute. So you, you're freezing man. The freezing man festival. Who The audience is. Objective Audience, just, wow, I was gonna pull the trigger, but the audience is shouting. No, no, no audience. What do you think it is? They Always know. They think it's B. They think it's B. Okay, It's let's do B, then we gotta do it. Bridget, they always know. They always know. Okay, let's go, let's go B. They don't always know, but they did. This time a scientist was sitting there and he is like, what the hell? And he turned on Tinder and he swiped right on this woman who was camping on the ice about 45 minutes away by helicopter. And they did meet up, but they say nothing came of it that time.


So as far as we know, the first Tinder hookup has not happened yet on anarchy. What A pits ending to a great storm. I'm so sorry. Alright, here's Your next, here's your next question. Now the loneliest place that anybody has ever been, that we know of is the moon. Only 12 people have ever visited the moon. Now the first astronaut to do it after Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin was Pete Conrad. What were Pete Conrad's first words after stepping off the lunar lander onto the surface of the moon? Was it a one small step for man, one giant step for mankind?


Suck it. Neil B. So where can I get a drink around here that's not recycled urine or c whoopee, You're messing with this, right? Right. This guy sounds Like an I of am, but one of them is real. Well he said one of those things as he stepped under. It was wild. I love him. I love, I love like tt. I like, I think, I think it's the T tee. He drinks the T tee. The TT one. The TT one. I don't know. I feel like it's Whoopi. It's definitely not the first one. 'cause people don't say suck it in the seventies, But So you're gonna go with two different answers.


Bridget, you're gonna take the recycled urine and Jeff Whoopee. Yeah, we're diverging in two different woods. Jeff is the winner. Jeff Is correct. Whoopee. All right. Jeff has already won. He got two, right? Let's see if Bridget can catch up. Your last question. In 1993, I went to Arizona State. Give me a break, Bridget. I went to Texas Lutheran College. I think we're on the same plan. In a famous incident in 1993, a French man's car broke down far out in the Moroccan desert and he was so far out, there was no way for him to get back.


So to save his own life, he stripped down the car and he built a motorcycle from the parts and drove it back to civilization. And when he got there, what happened? A, his wife said, oh, were you gone? B, he was ticketed for riding an illegal vehicle or C, at the celebration of his miraculous return, he died when A popped champagne. Cork punctured his head. Oh, if it's not C, it quit. It's gotta be C Bridget. I can't die from that. That's a fun answer. That's a fun answer. Come on. You gotta do better. No, you can die from that and I'm willing to, I'm willing to give it a shot.


Alright, Bridget wants to go with, he died ironically from the popped pan. Champagne Cork. What do you think, Jeff? I think it's the ticket. You think he got a ticket? I think It's the ticket. Once again, Jeff is correct. Whack. So Tim, how did Bridget and Jeff do on our quiz? Jeff got all three questions, correct? Yeah, it's a record. It's A record. It's a record. It never happened before. Bridget Everett and Jeff Hiller are stars of Somebody Somewhere on HBO and Max. Season three is out now. Catch it. It is remarkable and heartwarming and funny. And every now and then, Bridget says something very dirty.


Bridget and Jeff, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Awesome to have you in just a minute. A wine that could make a sommelier rethink every single one of their life choices in our listener Limerick Challenge game Call one, triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us in the air. We'll be back in a minute with more. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. From NPR At Planet Money, we'll take you from a race to make rum in the Caribbean. Our rum, from A quality standpoint is the best in the World. To the labs dreaming up the most advanced microchips, It's very rare for people to go inside two The back rooms of New York's Diamond District.


What You looking for? The stupid guy here? They're all smart. Don't worry About it. Planet Money from NPR. We go to the story and take you along with us wherever you get your podcasts At NPRs pop culture, happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture Happy hour podcast from NPR. Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast. Every morning in under 15 minutes, we cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world.


So you can catch up on while getting Ready, making de Sao or going to work. So listen to the Up First podcast. From NPR. From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Tim Metals filling in for Bill Curtis. Thank You. We're playing this week with Tom Papa Maoz Giani, and Joel Nicole Johnson. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Yes. Thank You Tim.


Thanks everybody. In just a minute. Tim Meadows brings you our first ever listener, Tim Marick challenge. Oh, You'd like to, If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. But right now panel, some more questions for you from the week's news, Tom. This week a high tribunal in Britain ruled that calling someone, what is a form of illegal harassment Calling someone an American. No, That may be coming. Can I have a hint? Sure. Finally, some male pattern justice. Oh, calling a ball. Yes. Finally. Yes, yes, yes, yes, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.


No, I'm cool. So yes, according to a court in Great Britain, bald is now a a, a formal offense. A man named Tony Finn, a longtime employee of the British Bung Company, sued after his supervisor called him a quote, stupid bald C word. Yeah. And to be clear, being called a C word, he's fine with totally fine. But bald was going too far. He sued. And this week a high tribunal ruled that using bald as an insult is sexual harassment because only men tend to be bald.


So again, all this is true. Wow. All three members of the tribunal that made this ruling were themselves Bald. Oh, they stacked the court. They stack The court. Why else do you think they all wear those wigs in Britain? What if, what if they flip it though? And you have to start wearing a braier on your head and cover it up. If this is a big sexual problem, I don't want you flaunting it around the office. Wrap that thing up. You kick up your hat and you're like, they go, you're flashing me. You're like, officer, my eyes are down here.


MAs. Last week a group of fishermen working in their boat off the coast of Norway must have celebrated when they caught what in their net They celebrated when they caught, was it something valuable? It Was, oh, very valuable and very large. Ooh, ooh, ooh, gold. No. Gimme a hint. Gimme a Hint. Give a hint. According to the fishing regulations, they got to keep it, but they have to throw the missiles back 'cause they're over the allowed size. Oh Gosh. It was a A nuclear thing. Like a nuclear submarine. Nuclear A nuclear submarine, yes. Oh, specifically they caught the USS Virginia, a 19,000 ton nuclear powered attack submarine armed with cruise missiles.


Although of course when they got back, the fishermen said it was really a 50,000 ton sub. Armed with ICBMs, the small fishing boat. Right. Lowered their net looking for one more hall before heading back into port. And all of a sudden they found themselves being towed very fast out to sea. Right. Well, down in the submarine, they were all asking each other, have we been down here too long or am I really hearing the distant sounds of screaming in Norwegian? You know, your military is not good when a net catches you. That's right. Yes. Hold On, captain, there's a worm on a Hook over there. Let's go investigate.


From now on, all the submarines in the sixth fleet are gonna be equipped with scissors coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can also see us most weeks at the St. Bakker Theater right here in Chicago, Illinois. They love it. You'll too. And come see us on the road at Carnegie Hall in New York City on December 12th. Tickets at NPR presents.org. Also, check out our sister podcast, how to do everything this week, how to handle it if your cousin comes to Thanksgiving, dressed as a furry Hi, you on Wait.


Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, This is Kristen calling from Virginia Beach. Virginia. Virginia Beach, Virginia. I've been there. It's in Virginia. What do you do there? Well, I'm a hairstylist and I am an all star cheerleading coach. You're An all star cheerleading coach. You wanna let us know that you are a very good one. I Have not. Well, my kids are very good. Of Course. I have noticed in my very limited exposure to cheerleading that it's gotten really athletic. Incredibly athletic. Does it ever get dangerous? Do you ever worry for your kids? Oh, all the time. But I'm a good coach. So they're pretty safe. We have established that. Okay, well welcome to the show Kristin. Tim Meadows filling in for Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each.


If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly into the limericks, you will be a winner. Ready to go? I am. Here is your first limerick To Pizza Huts wine. I won't say no. It's from fruits of a vine stalk that they grow like basil Notes chased a crust forward taste in wine that is made from No, I don't know. Neither do neither does anyone at this particular juncture. So Tim, why don't we do that again. Okay. It's, here we go. I'm not a limerick. Never in Detroit has limericks ever been Taught Or read.


And I'm willing to allow someone who's better. Like if you have an Irish person in the room they wants, I'm All for it. Okay, here we go to Pizza Huts wine. I won't say no. It's from fruits of a vine stalk that they grow like basil Notes chased a crust forward taste in wine that is made from Pesto. I truly Don't know. That's not an unreasonable guess. They grow tomatoes. Tomatoes, yes. Pizza Hut is now selling tomato wine. A wine made from tomatoes infused with basil that is supposed to taste like pizza.


Yeah. It is a wine that experts describe as technically non-toxic. How is it different from a bloody Mary? Good point. It's not as Good. Yeah. I think about to say, yeah. Alright, here's your next limerick. Alright, hold your hats. Here We go. Listen closely as the brother reads the limerick, once an asteroid belt was our thing and our skies had big rocks on the wing, they just kept flying around till they crashed to the ground.


Just like Saturn. The earth had a Ring. Ring. Yes. There you go. Present. Now we're crazy. Easy five. That's right. According to a groundbreaking new geological study, at one point God liked us, so he put a ring on us. 460 million years ago the earth was struck by a series of meteorites all along the equator. So scientists now hypothesize that the rocks were not just like randomly striking the earth, but instead dropping down from a ring around the earth. Whoa. It's fascinating what we didn't know about the past. Right now we know someday far in the future, scientists will discover that the earth used to have land.


Oh, 'cause we're dying. What are the benefits of having a ring? It just looks Good. Yeah, pretty much. I mean, Saturn's pretty sexy, right? So we had Bling back in the day. It is, Saturn is really hot. Right? Man. The the number of times in in grade school where I was like, they were like, well you focus and I'm like, I am. He's in a erotic ee Ladies and gentlemen, here is your last Limerick Airline comfort is crossing a line when they sleep. I have no space to dine. They lean back and I'm hoping my laptop won't open. I vote to ban seats that Recline.


Recline. Yes. There you go. This is like church in here. This is awesome. According to a new survey, 41% of airline passengers say they want airlines to ban reclining seats on flights completely. Which means of course that the other 59% of passengers are monsters. It is very offensive when when someone just comes back and you're in that little tiny space and you're collapsing your skeleton in like a, like a praying mantis and eating pretzels like a, it's like, bam. I'm here now with my bald head in your lap. What if, what if they, that's not cool.


What if they add like the beep, the river beep, beep, beep, beep. So you're reversing and the person knows it's happening. Yeah. Tim, how did Kristen do in our quiz? That's a good question. You know, I was focusing so much on, I'm going to give her 800 points. There you go. I'm sure that's close. That's, that's within a margin of error. Yeah. Congratulations, you've set a record on our show. Well done. Thank You so much for playing, Kristen. Take care. Thank You guys. Happy Thanksgiving. Bye-bye. You too.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at inter.com/npr.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency. At the NPR politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term. From his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast,


Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to NPR r's Wait, Wait, don't tell me Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcasts. Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is worth two points. Tim, can you give us the scores? Tom has three points. MAs has three points. Joelle has two.


Alright, very good. So here we go. That means Joelle, you are in second place behind the guy. So you're Up First. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank on Thursday blank, withdrew as Trump's pick for Attorney General Matt Gates. Yes. On, on Monday, budget airline blank, filed for bankruptcy. Ew. Spirit. Yes. This week Raphael Nadal officially retired from Professional Blank Tennis, right. Tennis. On Thursday, the CDC confirmed the first US case of the new strain of blank px. Oh, monkey. Yeah. MPO, as they call it. After dozens of monkeys escaped a research facility in South Carolina this week, reports now say that blank That they could fly.


No. Almost that there are also feal IMU on the loose in South Carolina. Was I supposed to know the answer to that? Well, okay. This week the Daughters of Civil Rights Leader blank sued the CIA over his assassination. Bernie King, Martin Luther King. No. Malcolm X. No. It was Malcolm X. Yes. I'll give it to you. On Wednesday, lady Gaga and Post Malone were named as headliners of 2020 fives blank. Ella Festival coach Coachella. This week, authorities in Argentina caught a man trying to swim smuggled cigarettes across the border from Paraguay disguised as blank Tarantulas. No, he was disguised as a giant aquatic plant. The man hilarious had been swimming across the river that forms the border between Paraguay and Argentina with 200 packs of cigarettes covered with leaves and artificial plants and authorities were like, wait a minute.


Plants don't usually have arms. Tim, how did Joelle do on our quiz? Well, I'm Happy to tell you Joelle got six, right? And she now has 12 points. Yeah. And she is in the lead. There you go. I have 14 points. 14 points. Did I Say 12? I meant 14. There you go. There you go. Moz, I'm gonna arbitrarily pick you. Let's go to go next. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, president Biden authorized blank's use of American supplied long range missiles, Ukraine. Right. On Monday, the Manhattan DA agreed to postpone blank's hush money sentencing trump's. Right. This week the US Foreignly proposed a partial breakup of search giant blank Google, right.


In order to avoid space debris, the blank was forced to adjust its orbit on Wednesday The blank, the space station. Right. This week an art collector paid $6.5 million for a banana duct tape to a wall and then blanked. He Ate it. Yes. What dozens of people were second to this week after eating carrots contaminated with blank E coli. Right. For the first time, wildlife officials suggested that giraffes be added to the blank list. Endangered species, right? Oh, This speak. A woman who was baffled at how her puppy escaped its crate every night, set up a camera and discovered blank. The puppy was escaping the crate every night, discovered that the, it wasn't a puppy, it was a monkey and was using his arms to get outta the crate.


No. No. She discovered that her other dog was unlocking the crate and letting the puppy out. As soon as the coast was clear, oh woman caught her other dog on camera walking after the puppy's crate and using his teeth and paws to unlock it. The woman has since gotten a more secure cage and is confident the puppy will not escape any longer. But why is that other dog bringing in a birthday cake? It's not the puppy's birthday. Tim, how did Moz do on our quiz? I'm happy to tell you that Moz got seven, right? He now has 14 points, but he is 17 points total and he's now in the lead. There You're, there you go. 17. Yes. And here's the tough one, Tim. How many then does Tom Papa need to win?


Seven to tie eight to win. Nice. Nailed That. Yo. Nailed that. Alright, Here we go, Tom. This is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Thursday, the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for blank Net Yahoo Netanyahu. Right on Tuesday, Donald Trump picked WWE e's Linda McMahon as his secretary of Blank Education. Right. This week, Australia's government introduced a bill to limit kids under 16 from using blank social Media. Right? This week, MIT announced it would offer free blank for families earning less than $200,000 a year College. Well Bill free tuition on Tuesday, private space company blank scrapped their latest booster catch attempt. SpaceX, right on Thursday, cryptocurrency blank hit an all time high Bitcoin, right?


Last week, a man in the UK who had his phone stolen by thieves was able to easily chase them down because, blank. Because fine. My iPhone, no, Because he happened to be four time Olympic gold medalist Runner, Mo Farra, Hilarious, amazing. Mo Farra, one of the greatest middle distance runners who has ever lived was out for a jog when the thieves snatched his phone. But I have a feeling they instantly regretted it after they heard the four time Olympic champion mutter. Finally. That is cool. Tim, did Tom Papa do well enough to win This? Math is difficult. Tom got six, right?


12. 12 more. He had 15 total, but it doesn't beat Moz. 'cause Moz got 17 photo. He's the winner. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict after giant mattresses what will be the next innovation in sleeve. But first, let me tell you all that. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord. Philip Gutka writes our Limerick. Our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shayna Donald, thanks to the Stafford crew at the Student Baker Theater. BJ Leaderman Compose. Our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Girlboss and Lillian King. Special thanks to Blythe Robertson. Binnie and Buna and Monica Hickey. Peter Gwen is our Turkey baster.


Emma Choi is our vibe Curator. Technical directions from Lorna Weer CFOs. Colin Miller, our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producers Ian, chill Lock and the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Mr. Michael Danforth now panel? What will be the next big thing in sleep after big mattresses? Ma? Jobrani, Now that the beds are so big, Starbucks will build a store in your bed so you can have a cappuccino and then take a nap. Pacino, JL Nicole Johnson, The Eternal Sunshine Mattress. Wake up refresh, not knowing what happened the day before. And Tom Papa, The San Francisco Sleep Center where guests can go to sleep in pods and wake up in four years when this is all over.


And if any of that happens panel, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You so much. Tim Meadow. Thanks. Also, Toni Joel, Nicole Johnson. Tom Papa, thanks to our fabulous audience who joined us here in Chicago with the Student Theater. And thanks to all of you for listening wherever you might find yourself. I'm Peter Segel and we'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One. The Capital One Venture X business card earns unlimited double miles on every purchase. Capital One. What's in your wallet? Terms and conditions apply. Find out more@capitalone.com slash Venture X business us.


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on throughline. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like Presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism Time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line Podcast from NPR.