
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago, this is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz filling in for Bill Curtis. I'm the voice silkier than Peter SA nightgown, GPIN. And here is your host at the Studebaker Theater in the fine Arts building in downtown Chicago. Peter Segel. Thank You Keoki. Thank You everybody. Thank You everybody. So Bill Curtis is off on assignment for a few weeks and we cannot tell you where he is, but if you notice one of the masked singers has a lot of gravitas, you'll know why. Meanwhile, we are delighted.


We've got Cho Ayson back to keep on keeping score Later on. We've got comedian Rose Matafeo joining us, but right now it's your turn. Give us a call. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener contestant This week. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, My name is Michelle Kenya from Knoxville, Tennessee. Hi. How are things in Knoxville these days? Colder than we like it full of snow. Oh, too bad he said from Chicago. I'm so sorry. What do you do there? I'm an online athletic trainer and I work as a teaching assistant in a blended pre-K classroom. Well, That's really cool. Well, Michelle, welcome to the show.


Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First up, it's the comedian you can see at the Miami Improv from January 24th through the 26th. For all dates, go over to sjo brandi.com. That's right, it's Mjo. Hi, How are you, Michelle? Next up. She's a comedian who will be at the Walton Arts Center in Fayetteville, Arkansas on January 30th. And who hosts the trivia podcast? Go Fact yourself. It's now on AIST in Southern California. It's Helen Hong. Hi. Hi Michelle. Hi everybody. And He's an Emmy and Peabody Award-winning journalist and comedian and host of the new Nat Geo Show. What X does to your body. It's Alzo Slade. What's up Michelle?


How you doing? Doing good. How are you so far? Feel good. So Michelle, welcome to the show. You're gonna play who's Oke this time. Show ya Anson filling in for Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you will win our big prize. Any voice from our show you might like for your voicemail? Are you ready to go? I hope so. Okay. Your first quote is from Victor Willis, who is the lead singer of the group, the Village People. Our song YMCA is a global anthem that hopefully helps bring the country together. The village people will undoubtedly bring the country together next week with their performance.


At what event? On Monday the inauguration? Yes. The inauguration of our next president. The the village people will be one of many entertainers who've been lucky enough to be chosen to play at Monday's inauguration, performing a very favorite song of President elect. By the way, Mr. Wallace also insists that the song YMCA is not in fact a gay anthem. Also, he says their hit in the Navy is about military readiness. And macho man is just about a guy who likes nachos. But there was a typo.


Do the gays know that the village people are not a gay iconic group? I don't think so. I don't think so either. I Either. So either It hasn't got I I'm sorry If you are gay and listening, I'm sorry. We should have warned you that. Yeah, no, as you know, this has been a big, a big song. President Trump loves it. He loves to play it at his rally. He Loves YMCA. He loves the Song. It's so random. They sued him the first time around. Did they really on that? Yeah. I think the Village people, he, he was playing it and they sent a cease and desist letter. But I guess the check they ran outta money. Yeah, the check is talking. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They also said, they also said that this is the last living member. Yes. It's the LA Mr. Willis who is the lead singer. What is the last of living member?


The rest of course. So it's just why Yeah, pretty much. Why of YMCH? No, it's the, it's the, why are you doing this? Yeah, I was about to say it actually makes sense Helen, that on Monday that the big, the big song would just be why, Why? And we all remember the big story last time. The first time he was inaugurated was Trump insisting falsely that he had the biggest crowd in inauguration history. So, you know, his people are trying to make it true this time. So be wary if anybody in the DC area gets an invite promising a free vacation in exchange for watching a short presentation.


I tell you what, a lot of the, a lot of the folks that you know, the, the people from Florida, the Floridians that are going there, they're not gonna stay long. 'cause I don't think they understand how cold it is during inauguration. Yeah. That's the coldest I've ever been when I went to Obama's inauguration ever. And if I could do it all over again, I would not really. It wasn't worth it. No. Do you have any advice for the people who will be, and this is supposed to be very cold in Washington on Monday. Do you have any advice for the people who might be attending this? Do the YMCA dance? No. And that'll warm you up. Exactly. Don't go stay your ass home. Yeah, yeah. Alright, here is your next quote. It's from the CEO of a big national chain. When You lock things up, you don't sell as many of them.


So what a revelation. What chain might soon stop putting some of the most common items behind Lock and key Target? No, not Target. It's a, it's a chain of drugstore. CVS. Oh, I'll give it to you. It's the other one. It's Walgreens. You had to fit Walgreens. Right. They're all the same. Keep going. They're all the same. Keep going. Great news for our listeners with herpes. Walgreens may soon be doing away with their locked cabinets. In recent years, Walgreens and other stores, ha, they've been locking up everything from toiletries to snacks to prevent shoplifting. And we assume, you know, to allow the possibility for meat cuts between employees and desperate customers looking for Tide Pods.


But Walgreens, CEO admitted finally This week on an earnings call that locking up merchandise brace yourself leads to fewer sales. Who, who would've thought that having it announced over the PA in the store that you need the laxative case unlocked would be a deterrent to purchasing it. Nothing deflates buying a razor than standing in front of the Razor case and just hearing customer service to Razors customer service to raise and then just be like, you know what?


I can be hairy for another week. I get surprised sometimes at the items that are locked Up. Absolutely. I'm like, why is deodorant locked up? If somebody gets the deodorant, that means they're gonna smell better. Yeah. They should Steal it. We should be helping that. We should be giving it away. Let's Smell better than this town, you Know, forever. Like I go to the barbershop and dudes would be coming in selling soap and lotion and socks and I never understood where they got it from. Now I know. Did they suddenly stop when Wal Yes, they have Stopped. I see. And and of course the problem is they come and they unlock the case. That's nice. Thank You. And they don't leave.


And it is so nerve wracking trying to decide which toothpaste you might want with the employee just standing there. That's why I've been brushing my teeth for the past month with Wood Glue. Well, you know, as soon as they start unlocking, you're gonna see me at barbershops again. Alright, here is your last quote. I've seen a quarterback eating a hot dog, but I've never seen anyone do that. That was Fox Sports announcer Tom Brady after cameras caught Eagles wide receiver. AJ Brown doing what on the sidelines during a game reading a book. Yeah, that's right. He was reading a book. The Self-help book Inner Excellence is suddenly the number one seller on Amazon after Philadelphia.


Eagle's wide receiver. AJ Brown was seen reading it on the sideline between plays. Coaches knew something was up when Brown said after he put the book down, that instead of being a wide receiver now he wanted to be a wide giver. And This is actually an interesting story. So this book, inner Excellence, a Self-Help book was published, was self-published by the author in 2020. And it is now instantly the number one bestselling book on Amazon. Ah. So you know this inner improvement thing, it works. The author's methods for success in case you wanna follow along are in essence give the best of what you have that day. Be present and get an NFL player to read your book on live national tv.


I haven't seen anybody read a book in a long time. Anywhere. Anywhere. Yeah. Much less on the sideline of a game. I feel like y'all need new friends. No, everyone's on their phones. Every, if if he were, if he were like scrolling on his phone, I'd be like, oh yeah, yeah. But he brought out a Book. I'm thinking, I'm thinking if I'm on AJ Brown's team and he's supposed to be giving like, you know, the, the speech to rattle us up. Yeah. And he's reading a book before the speech and then he comes in the circle and says, guys, we have the power within ourselves to go out onto the field and defeat the opponent. Yeah Guys, it's not gonna work. The playbook was inside us the whole time.


The Whole time. Oh my God. Jokey. How did Michelle do in our quiz? Well Peter, you might want to sign up for Michelle's services because she gets results. Nice. That's great. Congratulations. Thank You. Take care. Right now panel time for you to answer some questions about this week's news. Al also a high ranking Polish general has been fired after a shipment of anti-tech mines. He was in charge of Were found where? In his kitchen?


No, not his kitchen, but at a place that has a lot of model kitchens for you to shop And an Ikea at an Ikea. No. What? That's awesome. So this general who's in charge of like logistics for the Polish Army had this shipment of munitions on a train and the soldiers who were unloading the train missed one car, which kept going in the train until it arrived at an IKEA warehouse where the employees were like, okay. And they unloaded it and they were probably like, okay, anti take mines. I guess they go in the outdoor furniture department and it turns out it was a good thing they sold a lot of them under the name Boom.


L. Can you imagine, you know, Ikea has the, the, the arrows. So you can walk through the whole store. Yeah. And then you get to this part and you say, look how many anti-tank mines you can fit in a 250 square foot apartment. Oh Yeah. Coming up our panelists fall madly in love in our bluff The listener game. Call one triple eight Wait, Wait to play. And we'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message Comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of Andor had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now season two of the Emmy nominated series returns tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Bourne Identity Season two of and or is streaming tonight only on Disney plus


Climate change is drying up some water supplies and making others undrinkable. That's why here and now anytime is covering the hunt for fresh water from a pipeline in the Great Lakes to the science of desalination to extreme recycling that turns sewage into clean drinking water. That's here and now. Anytime. A podcast from NPR and WBR


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson filling in for Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Helen Hong Majo. Brandi and Alzo Slade. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Jay Yoki. Thank You everybody. Thank You everybody. Right now it is time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Lost the listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to player our game in the air. Or you can check out the pinned post on our Instagram page at Wait, Wait. NPR Hi. You are on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi Peter.


Hi panel. This is Olivia from Washington DC Hey Olivia. That's great. What do you do there in Washington? I work in abortion rights, which is always an exciting time. Oh. But when I'm not doing that, I am just kicking it with my cat and playing curling. I'm sorry, you said playing curling. I do play curling. Shout out to the Potomac Curling Club in Laurel, Maryland. Well That's great that you're a curler. You must be so excited for the impending invasion of Canada then. Well welcome to the show Olivia.


You're gonna play our game on which you must try to tell truth from Fiction. Oke, what is Olivia's topic? Have I told you lately that I love you? Valentine's Day is only a few weeks away and we're already seeing proof that true love still exists. In fact, we saw an amazing story about an unusual expression of love in the news This week. And our panelists are each gonna tell you about it. Of course, only one of them is telling you about the real story. Pick that panelist. You will win the wait waiter of your choice and your voicemail. Are you ready to apply? So ready. First up, let's hear from Helen Hong. Researchers in England have discovered a new language invented by a couple to celebrate their love and to trash talk Others in public, Lisa and Jim Newman have been together for 14 years and in that time have created an entirely new language that only they understand.


Early on I tried to tell her what I loved about her and cling on, which we both speak fluently, but there was no word for the light that glints off your hair when it's slightly greasy after a day and a half of not showering. So we made one up. Linguists, in fact, cannot believe the complexity of the invented language, which also has an individual word for a whiff of your musty beard. Makes me feel like hurrah flirting with Spock in the Man Trap episode of the original series. Their language in fact, is so complex and realistic that they were cast as aliens in the latest Star Trek show. Strange New Worlds only to later reveal that what they were talking about on camera was how lame that show is compared to deep Space nine, A couple so deeply in love that they have invented their own language completely inscrutable to anybody else.


Your next true or false story of true love comes from Moz Jobrani. You've heard the phrase don't get too attached. Well, a couple just did the opposite. When they got magnets implanted under their skin. So when they hold hands, the magnets actually pull their skin together and they stick. I know yuck. Sadie Dul and her fiance, Hannah Hansman, both in their twenties wanted to get closer and express their love and voila, every time they'll hold hands, the magnets go click. What the hell is wrong with 20 year olds? How much closer can hands get when they hold each other?


Did they consider just intertwining their fingers like the rest of us? Right? Redu stated, the magnets aren't painful to use or to the touch. If anything you could forget it's there. Really? How about when you go to open the fridge and the outside of your hand gets stuck on the metal door? Or how about when you try to give someone a quarter but it won't disconnect from your hand? A couple So much in love that they installed magnets. So when, and they hold hands, they are really holding hands. Your last walk down Lover's Lane is from Alzo Slade. As people become more self-conscious about their role in global warming, having a sustainable household has become increasingly attractive.


One couple in Tallahassee, Florida didn't think their love could run any deeper until they made the commitment to sustainability. Ruby and David Summer said, it started when David mistook Ruby's toothbrush for his, he felt like he could feel her spirit when he was brushing. They decided to just have one toothbrush. They said, since we swapped saliva when we kiss, it's basically the same thing, right? They now share and recycle many items between them that most of us would find strange. Ruby loves when David leaves his used dental floss on the bathroom counter. When she uses it, they not only are being sustainable, but she feels as if they're sharing a meal when she finds a piece of spinach or corn.


They also enjoy sharing each other's bath water. There's nothing that says love, like sitting in the tub of your partners floating dirt. No. So One of these is a real story of deepest, deepest kind of love that we saw on the news. Was it from Helen Hong? A couple who have invented their own extraordinarily complex language from Mazda o Bruni, a couple who actually had magnets installed subcutaneously. So when they held hands they were truly bonded. Or from alzo slayed a couple that decided to take sustainability as far as it could go.


You know, I think Mazda's story of magnet implants is going to become the hot romance trope of 2025. You Really? Alright, that's your choice. It's Mazda Brown story of the couple that installed magnets in their hands to bring you the real story. We actually spoke to a reporter who covered it. They say they can't even feel the magnets, but it's become a fun party trick. That was Rania Shamona from Fox two Detroit reporting on that real couple. Congratulations Olivia. You got it right. You have earned a point for Mazda just for telling the truth. And you've won our prize. The voice of your choice on your voicemail. Thank You so much. Take Care.


And now the game we call, not my job, Rose Matafeo got her start doing standup comedy in New Zealand as a 15-year-old. Since then, she's gone on to win best show at the Edinburg Festival, right? And Star in her own comedy series starstruck. And she has a new comedy special on Max. But most importantly, she, like so many other ambitious people, has found her way to the pinnacle of entertainment jobs game show host Rose Matafeo. Welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Hello. Thank You for having me. So you are, I think, the first great comic I've talked to out of New Zealand and you were very successful there before you went to the UK with your show in 2020, right?


You won all these awards and had TV shows and stuff, is that right? Oh yeah. But as you say, I started when I was 15, so it was kind of child labor vibes. I was thrown into the comedy minds to start stand up as a, as a teenager. Yeah. I started quite young. There's there's, there's not many people in New Zealand, so I think I just, you know, they eventually give you an award if you had It long enough, Right? Is it true by the way, that like, you, like everybody in New Zealand knows each other 'cause it's so relatively small. Like we read for example, that the prime minister of New Zealand, either before or after she was Prime Minister, used to like open up your shows for you. Yeah, well she did Jacinda Den. She was, she was the minister of Arts and Culture, so it did make sense that she kind of knew some of us.


And she did do a sort of monologue that we did improv, improv comedy based on, so I, I know it's horrible to make generalizations and New Zealand is a large place. It's a, it's a metropolitan capital of the world, all of that. But it is true that we, lots of us do know each other. Yeah. And I met her, I met her for A few times. So Is that, she's really cool. I mean, when your Prime Minister is doing Yeah. A monologues for you and like a hundred seater, you're like, yeah, that country's quite small, isn't it? Yeah. Well, Well Donald Trump is the opening act of this show. Absolutely. He's gotta kill a five man. He's coming After you. I mean, I assume that you even, you went to the UK eventually, you relocated there because everybody in New Zealand had already seen you, so there was nobody left to come see your show.


You make a, you think that's a joke? That's kind of true. My nan would come to my shows all the time to the extent where she would start coming back to shows with heckles for jokes that she had heard before. Wait a minute. That's Harsh. That's, was your grandmother just as funny as you? Nah, she's, she's, she's really not funny at all. She won't be listening to this, so that's good. No, she's very funny I think. But you know, in that way that they un they're not, they don't really know that they're funny. Yeah. And what's very sweet is my, my grandmother is so lovely and sweet that the heckle that she came up with for one of the jokes was, I think I was mocking her for the way she pronounces it.


For some reason, a certain generation pronounces muley as Mosley. And, and I was, you know, really ripping to into her for that. 'cause you know, my comedy's cutting edge. You Started it? Yeah. Okay. And then she, and then she's the kindest person that her heckle was, well, next time I'll make you something else. And her version had absolutely taken me down, was just offering me another breakfast option. You have a new special. It's on Max. I've watched it. It's called On and on and on. I have a, I have a question for you that's comes from a very American perspective. Go on. It seems that in, I figured You. Thank You. It seems that in this comedy special, which is very funny and charming and original and different and surprising that you've taped in, you are from New Zealand, you taped it in London in front of a British audience, but you seem to be wearing a University of Minnesota shirt.


Don't get me started on this. I have Like, I've never had not many people like, you know, hey, great to watch the special, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah. You usually get those kind of comments. I have never got a public reaction as big as the fact that I had accidentally worn University of Minnesota shirt that I found in the middle of Malmo in Sweden in a secondhand shop. And I was like, that's a cool yellow t-shirt with my last name initial on it. I'm gonna wear that. I won't be living that down for a while. No. Go gophers. I guess Golden gophers. So we called the Golden, the Golden Gophers. You can tell No go Golden Gophers.


You best believe I was straight to the Wikipedia page. See if had been any massive controversies at the University of Minnesota. Yeah, clearly. Am I good? Am I good? You're Looking for massive controversies. You've never been to Minnesota, have you? Maybe I could get like a, like an honorary doctorate or whatever people get, I've never been offered one of those really? So maybe the University of Minnesota can step up and offer Yeah. One of those little hats or something. I just wanna wear those little hat, that little hat that people tend to wear. I don't know. Right? So I want to talk to you about something close to my heart. You are hosting a game show. Now the greatest job you could ever have Task Master Junior, which is based on a show Task master, which has a bunch of comedians doing silly tasks for points except in your version, instead of comedians, it's kids.


Right? I was asked alongside Mike Wozniak to be the task master, who's the person who gives out the points and sort of judges. Yeah, five children gives up. That's a hard job. I had to really, Yes, it is. Figure Out how to do that. But like you doing with the children, You're ranking little kids. Oh look, I work with, oh Yeah, Yeah. So, so, so you, you're very, the, the conceit of the show is the task master. That's, you are a very imperious figure sitting in a big chair. You don't smile much and you are like rating these children, you have sent these children out to do these difficult tasks of discovering this or figuring out that, or competing in this. And then you have to judge them.


Oh, and you know what I'll say, I, when I did the pilot for the show, I was like, how am I gonna do this? They're just gorgeous children. They're the future, you know, I don't wanna kill their spirits young. And after about two episodes of it, I was like, this is easy. This is so easy. I don't, I don't care anymore. These, those children are lovely and they're cute, but they fight back. Well Rose Matafeo, it's a real joy to talk to you and we have asked you here to play a game that this time we're calling On and off and On. So your special, as we have discussed is called on and on and on. So we thought we'd ask you about some of those famous couples that have gone on and off and on again.


Get two to three questions right about these tempestuous and flighty people. You'll win our prize for one of our listeners. Shoc, who is Rose playing for Steven Ward of Atlanta, Georgia. Alright, you got two to three right here. You win. Yes. Let's do it for Steven. Let's do it for Steven. Here's your first question of the most famous on and off again relationship was of course Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton. But Ms. Taylor wasn't just kind of indecisive with him. She once broke off her engagement to another man just because of what A, they were traveling in Asia and he would not let her buy an elephant to bring home. B, he chewed with his mouth open one time or see his habit of saying we right before they got into bed together.


You know what is weird? What I think I know the answer to this question. Yes, because I am fascinated by her. I think it is B Here's the funny thing that's not right in this case, in this case, it was the elephant. She said, I'd like to bring this elephant on. And he said, you can't bring elephant. Oh, that's a classicist move. It really Is. That's really gutting that I got that wrong. I feel bad, I feel sick, I feel scared, and I feel, Yeah. Here's your next question. You have two more chances. The most notorious on, again, off again, couple of the 1980s was Ryan O'Neill and Farrah Faucet. Tell me about It. Now, their relationship even started in a kind of wild way as their first date happened. When A, after she saw him in a store buying that Farrah Faucet poster and followed him home, B, after the Dodgers 1981 World Series win, they had gone out and were looting a store together.


Or see when faucet's husband, Lee Majors was away filming and asked O'Neill to just be a pal and check in on her. Oh, dirty door, if that's true, I'm gonna go see, I'm gonna go see, And you are right. That's what happened. Classic story. Okay. Yes, Lisa, Lisa said to Ryan, could you go check in on Farrah? And Ryan checked in and she was fine. If you get this one right, rose, you win. Okay? And you'll be happy with yourself for a fleeting moment. So here we go. The American record holder for most marriages in a lifetime is a man named Glen Wolf, who was married 31 times.


Yeah, buddy, sorry. Zos a fan before he died at the age of 88. To whom was his very last, his 31st marriage, was it to a, the very last woman left in his Iowa town that he had not yet married. B, the person who held the woman's record for most marriages in a lifetime, or C wife number one, because as he said, I've tried all the rest, she was the best. Oh, ooh, snap, snap, snap. All of these are spicy options. They are, They're They are.


No, I'm actually gonna go with B because I feel actually that Glen Wolf is a PR hound. He's probably doing it for the fame and he's going, why not? Let's get in the Guinness Book of World records. Get, let's get that photo and I'm gonna, I'm gonna die in style. You are exactly right. Yeah. That's, thank goodness that is what he did. He married the woman who had the most, the record for the most number of marriages. And they both did it for the publicity and to, you know, get in the Guinness Book. I don't know how long the marriage lasted. So this is where I turn Tochi and I say, CCHI, how did Rose Matafeo do in our quiz? New Zealand's finest conquered Edinburgh.


She conquered Britain and now she's conquered in pr. There you go. Cut that out. Cut that. Yeah, I a sound bite. Absolutely. Rose Matafeo is an actor and comedian whose new special, on and on and on is charming and funny and surprising. It is now streaming on Max Rose Matafeo. Thank You so much for being with us and staying up late. Bye-bye. In just a minute, CCHI spends all his money at the arcade stick around to see what he's won in our listener Limerick challenge, call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me. From NPR,


At NPRs pop culture happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.


Donald Trump has an extraordinary approach to the presidency At the NPR Politics podcast, we're recapping the first 100 days of Donald Trump's second term, from his early promises to his policy decisions and what it all means for you. Politics may not always make sense, but will sort it out together. Over on the NPR politics podcast,


When Malcolm Gladwell presented NPR R'S Throughline podcast with a Peabody Award, he praised it for its historical and moral clarity on through line. We take you back in time to the origins of what's in the news, like presidential power, aging, and evangelicalism time. Travel with us every week on the Through Line podcast. From NPR r


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Chichi Ayson filling in for Bill Curtis. We're playing This week with Moz Joe Bruni, Helen Hong and Alzo Slade. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Chio. Thank You everybody. In just a minute, CKI reveals that he is the heart and soul of a poet in our listener Limerick challenge game. If you'd like to play, Give us a call as one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Alzo, the tech millionaire, Brian Johnson has become famous for his ambitious plan to live to 150 years old.


But he's just learned that one particular drug he was taking to slow the aging process was actually doing what I feel like any drug to enhance something, shrink something. You went right there, didn't you? That's what you meant. I mean, I'm just, I was, I was thinking shrinking the brain. What were you thinking? Oh, The same I was thinking shrinking the brain. Absolutely. Absolutely. Also, yes, the brain. Absolute the Brain. I don't know, can you gimme a hint? Please? Can It, it's, it's sort of, lemme put it this way, it wasn't helping, it was Hurting. Right? Meaning it was, It's painful. No, no. What If he was taking it to, to slow the aging process instead the drug did what?


Oh, oh, he's going to die soon. Yeah. It Sped up the aging process. Brian Johnson poured millions into various elaborate and advanced techniques to stop him himself from physically aging, including getting blood transfusions from his teenage son, taking a vast array of experimental and off-label drugs and pretending he really likes Gibby toilet. But This week Johnson admitted to his followers that one drug he'd been taking to slow his aging was actually speeding it up. And he, as soon as he realized something was wrong, he was like, dad, nam it, my apothecary, his hood weighted Me.


How did he notice that it was feeding it up? That's a good, that's a good question. Probably he was watching the commercial and, and they say side effects may include speeding up your death. Yeah. You may not sure. Shrinkage. Shrinkage. He just started watching like daytime television out of the blue. Right. All of a sudden he found himself really interested in that Matlock Reboot. You know, Only watching CBS. Yeah. Moz. This week Sony announced that soon the PlayStation console won't just have, you know, great graphics and sound players will also experience what Feelings. No, that will never happen. No. Gimme a Hint. I will give you a hint. It, it makes the rotting flesh of the zombies you're fighting that much more realistic Smell.


Smell. Yes. Yes. Amazing. So many discoveries to be made. For example, just as you always suspected, Lara Croft uses natural deodorant. Sony says that the technology when it is introduced will quote, engage scent to fully immerse you into the world of the story. Nope. Oh, I don't need that. I don't that. No. That is something that nobody asked for Sony. Nobody asked for this. Yeah. How does that work? Does a guy just show up with a spray? This may not be like high tech, they might just put a piece of old cheese in the console and then seal it and send it kind of works. Yeah. Helen Apple users are panicking This week after we've discovered that the newest iOS update may disable what iPhone function Can't be cameras.


'cause that's too essential. Right. I'll give you a hand. A lot of people are gonna have a new, new excuse for being late to work. Oh, the alarm. The alarm function. Yeah. No users have been reporting the same glitch in the latest iOS version where their alarms trigger hours after they've set them, or sometimes not at all. And nothing gets you a good night's sleep then thinking, well, there's a 50 50 chance my alarm won't go off. I mean, that's, that's real. It is like your, your alarm doesn't go off. That's the universe speaking. Yes, it is. I have defaulted to using my iPhone alarm solely and not using any other alarms. Yeah. See what I mean? So if it didn't go off, I would not be here right Now. What I mean, see What other alarms are there.


Do people still have clocks next to their bed? Like, you know, the old in Those were great. Those were great. What I need from Apple is they're guaranteed that if I'm late for something, Tim Cook will personally write a note saying it's his fault. I need him to write a million dollar check. Or they can give everybody roosters. That's the solution. That's the solution. That's a great solution. Up at dawn, You got an apple phone, you get a rooster. Helen has rooster, So you're awake whether you wanna be or not. Well, That, that's between you and the rooster. You're, you got, you gotta, you gotta train your rooster. Your alarm could be for 10 30.


Yeah. 10 30. And I heard if you, if you tap the rooster on the head, you get 10 more minutes Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call Lil leave a message at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can catch us most weeks right here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago, Illinois. You can also come see us on the road. We'll be in Richmond, Virginia Chi's hometown. Oh yeah. On February 13th and in Orlando, Florida on March 20th. For tickets and information for all our live shows, go to npr presents.org and you can also check out our sister podcast, how to do everything.


This week Mike and Ian talk with Saturday Night Lives, James Austin Johnson, about how his Donald Trump impression has changed over the years. Spoiler alert, Trump got sleepier. Hi around. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, this is Lucy calling from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Oh, We love Pittsburgh. One of the best places I know of. What do you do there? I'm a surgical tech in the operating room. Wait a minute. A surgical tech in the operating room. So what do you actually do in the operating room? So if you've ever seen any medical drama, when the surgeon's up at the table and they ask for the scalpel. Yeah. I'm the person that hands them the scalpel. Whoa. That's so cool. Do you ever think to yourself, that's when you go into work like today, I'm gonna mess with him Every day and He's gonna say scalpel and you'll say, feather duster, Run Chicken.


I'll have to use those next time. Well Lucy, welcome to the show. Chio k Jansen is gonna read you three news related limericks with the last word or phrase missing from each of you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly. And to the limericks, you will be a winner. Here is your first limerick. I've got hips that would make any doula, whoop and a waistline. So fine. You'll need a jeweler's loop. So I'm great at a sport that needs no gems or courts. See, my body is perfect for Hoops. Close enough. Well, hold on. What kind of hoop it? It rhymes with the common phrases. Doula, whoop Jewelry, Hula hoop, hula hoop.


Yes. Scientists have discovered the ideal body type for successful hula hooping using physics, geometry, and vu tree. They've determined a curvy waist and hips and a flexible badonkadonk are all you need. These findings were published in the academic journal, Maxim Magazine. I'm still stuck on Doula. Whoop, doula, whoop. And which is, you know when? When would a doula whoop? Right when the baby's born? Yeah. Yeah. Woo. Whoop, whoop, whoop. Alright, here is your next limerick.


In most arcade machines, there's this flaw. A stuffed bear is the best you will draw. But here you might snag a sweet Aires bag. Grab some luxury treats with our Claw. Claw. Yes. Arcades around the country are adding claw machines featuring luxury prizes In order to attract older players, prizes include designer handbags like a may high-end gaming consoles and a sticky hand toy that doesn't get stuck to your ceiling. One arcade owner in Queens charges $50 a try. What? And says that on average it takes about four to seven tries to finally get something out of it.


It's a great deal. By playing six times, you can win $150 Nintendo Switch for about 300 bucks. I know. I've spent too much money trying to get the, you know the thing that pushes the coins off. Oh Yeah. That never Works. That never works. Never. That's a suckers game. Yeah. All of them are suckers game. Did you just call me a sucker? Indirectly? I think I did. Yes, But I was a sucker though. Yeah. Know you went For that sucker, but then you, you know, you, you don't, if if you can't win a bear with the claw, what makes you think you're gonna win a Hermes bag? Faith. Yeah. Faith in yourself. Alright, Here's your last Limerick In a field that they don't know so well.


Science winners go wild and go tell they see glowing raccoons and hear ghosts by full moon. Their brains rot once they win the Nobel. Right? The Nobel This week, a science site wrote about Nobel disease or Nobles. It's a observed phenomenon where scientists who win a Nobel Prize suddenly become really dumb. It turns out you would be amazed by the number of Nobel Prize winning who accept the award and then say in their speech, and my next area of research is ghosts. Isn't that crazy? They do all of this studying and all this hard work to get to the Nobel Prize and become dumb.


And that's just regular folks. We don't even have to do all that. We just dumb from the beginning. We Just beat 'em to it. You know what I'm saying? It's great. We don't know why this happens To the extent that it does. Maybe they make those Nobel medals out of lead joke. How did Lucy do in our quiz? It's well known that the Listener Limerick challenge is the only thing more difficult than surgery. And Lucy handled it. She got all three. Right? Well done. Lucy, Thank You so much. Thanks for playing.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Intercom. Wanna make your customer service dramatically better? With Finn, you can. Finn, the leading AI customer service agent is now available on every help desk. Finn can instantly resolve up to 80% of your tickets, which makes your customers happier and you can get off the customer service rep hiring Treadmill Finn by Intercom named the number one AI agent in G Two's winner. Report more at enter.com/npr.


On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I haven't cried yet. I Guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it. Whoa. She's like, I got him. Okay. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where cards control the conversation.


Now on to our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many. Fill in the blank questions as they can each correct answer now worth two points. Jokey. Can you give us the scores? Alzo and Moz have three points. Helen's got two points. Okay, so that means the pressure, the pressure, the pressure. Helen, you're gonna be Up First 'cause you're in second place. Here we go. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Thursday, Benjamin Netanyahu delayed a vote to approve the ceasefire in blank Gaza. Right. On Monday, two Russian cities were hit with a drone strike from blank Ukraine. Right. Following an encouraging report in inflation, the blank searched 703 points. This week Dow Jones. Right. On Monday, SpaceX launched two missions to the blank.


The moon. Right after an Alabama district court judge deemed two opposing lawyers to be acting unprofessionally to one another. He filed an official order requiring them to blank Mud Russell requiring Them to have lunch together. Oh, that's not Fun. Thursday, on Thursday was announced that podcaster and former late night host blank would receive the Mark Twain prize for comedy. Oh, David Letterman? No. Conan O'Brien. Oh. Best known for Blue Velvet Mulholland Drive and Twin Peaks legendary director. Blank passed away at the age of 78. David Lynch, right This week, A man in Australia who attempted to burn down a restaurant had to flee the scene because he blanked Burned his clothes. No, because he, well, no, right. You are right. I'm sorry.


What? He lit his own pants on fire. Hold On. Wow. Totally guess that one. Yeah. Good one. The security footage shows the man dowsing the restaurant in some flammable liquid, lighting a match, and then being quite shocked when the only thing that caught on fire were his on pants. So important note for arsonists. When you bring your gas to the crime scene, do not carry it in your pockets. Joke. How did Helen do in our quiz? Helen got six, right? For 12 more points, she now has 14 points and the lead. Alright, let's arbitrarily pick Alzo to go next. Fill in the blank. Alzo on Wednesday, blank delivered his farewell address to the nation.


Biden right weeks after being impeached for declaring martial law in his country. The president of blank was arrested on Monday. Oh, Korea. Right? Thanks to an incoming Arctic blast, the US will face its blankest temperatures in over a year. Warmest. Oh, coldest, Right? Yes. Arctic is the key. Arctic. Arctic would be the key. This week, officials in the UK said that residents should not be concerned about the loud bang and giant mushroom cloud of smoke emanating from the local blank Explosion. No emanating from the local nuclear plant. On Monday, Starbucks announced they were reversing a policy that led anyone use their blank without making a purchase bathroom. Right This week, a woman in Russia walking to her gate at the airport stepped onto a moving walkway and discovered blank.


It was not moving. No, That it was actually the baggage conveyor belt. A woman was seen on closed circuit TV footage stepping under the conveyor belt and getting pulled through the small doorway into bag processing. Thankfully, she's fine and says the worst part was actually all the other people who lined up to get sucked into the baggage carousel, even though their group hadn't even been called yet. Jokey. How did Alzo do in our quiz? All right, Alzo got four, right? For eight more points, a total of 11, which means Helen is still in the league. Whoa. Why are y'all clapping? How Many then does Majo Brandi need to win? Jokey Maoz needs six points.


Alright, you got this Moz. Here we go. Here We go. Moz. This is for the game. On Tuesday, confirmation hearings for blanks, cabinet picks began Trump. Right on Wednesday, Los Angeles mayor Karen Bass warned that the city was not safe from the danger posed by blanks fire. Right? This week, the royal family reported that blank was in remission from cancer. Kate Middleton. Right on Tuesday, the house passed the GOP led bill banning some blank athletes from participating in their chosen sports, Transgender right After charming fans by riding a lime bike to a movie premiere. This week, Timothy Chalamet blanked, Fell off the bike. No, he was fine. $79 for not docking the bike properly. Hilarious. On Tuesday, social media app, red Note jumped to the top of Apple's charts thanks to the potential ban of blank TikTok, right?


According to a new report, one in 20 people who caught blank may suffer long-term effects. Covid, right after multiple warnings from the city, a woman in Memphis has a court appearance because she refuses to remove blank from her yard From Memphis. She refuses to move blank from her yard. That would be barbecue. No, the giant 12 foot skeleton. What the woman who had planned to leave the skeleton up and then, you know, she put it up for Halloween and she planned to leave it up all year and decorate it based on whatever holiday was closest. But the city is demanding she take it down, which is a real shame because nothing says Happy Valentine's Day. Then a 12 foot skeleton jokey.


Did Moz do well enough to win? Oh, snap. Moz got six, right? For 12 more points. So with a total of 15, your champion is Moz Ani, congratulations. Yes. Wow. I feel like I want to be a hater, but champion is too strong of a Word. Let me have this. Come on Zo. Let me have this. Come on In just a minute. Our panelists will predict what unusual thing will an NFL player next be spotted doing on the sidelines? But first, let me tell you that, Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR WB Z Chicago in association with Urgent Haircut Car Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip Ika writes our limericks, our public address announcers. Paul Friedman, our tour manager, Shana Donald.


Thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater, BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles MBOs and Lillian King. Special thanks This week to Bem Zuma and Monica Hickey. And a special welcome This week to our new jolly Good fellow, Hannah Anderson. Welcome to Hell, Hannah Peter Gwynn can do five sets of 47 pushups every morning. Emma Choi is our vibe curator, technical director from Lorna White. Her CFO is Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chillo, the executive producer of, Wait, Wait, don't tell me, is Michael Danforth now panel? What's the next surprising thing we'll see on an NFL Sideline Helen Hall Players birding, Ma Jobrani Players testing out mattresses And Zos laid.


They're Gonna be playing word on those little tablets that they supposed to be reviewing plays on. And if any of that happens, we'll ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Thank You. Jerich Hansen. Thanks also to Alzo, Slade MAs Barney and Helen Hong. Thanks to all of you for listening. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week. This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply.