
This message comes from Capella University. At Capella, you can earn your degree with support from people who care about your success. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. Hey, there in Chicago. I'm Aisha Roscoe, filling in for Bill Curtis, And this was supposed to be my day off, but I'm here. And here's your host at the Studebaker Theater at the Fine Arts Building in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thank You Aisha. Thank You all so much. We have a great show for you today. Later on, we're gonna be talking to the fabulous actor Gary Oldman, about his hit Spy Show, slow Horses. But first, we are so excited to welcome Aisha Roscoe to our show. She, she's the host of Weekend Edition Sunday.


She's gonna be our special guest judge and scorekeeper filling in for Bill. And I have to ask you, Aisha, you have one of the most prestigious gigs at NPR News. You host one of the big shows. Why in the world would you ever want to do this? Well, you know, look, I have three kids, so anything to get out of the house, I just gotta get you. I Understand. Yeah. I needed just some mommy time. I, I get that, you know. All right, well Ahi, it's great to have you on the show out there. You wanna be in the show, it's easy. Just Give us a call and you'll win our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose for your voicemail. The number is one Triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 180 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Let's welcome our first listener, contestant. Hi, you on Wait, Wait.


Don't tell me. Hi, This is Jamie from Madison, Wisconsin. Hey Jamie. How are things in Madison? They're awesome. I am so glad. That is one of my favorite cities in the world. Beautiful college town in the center of Wisconsin. What do you do there? I run the Dane County Farmer's Market, the largest producer only farmer's market in the country. That is fabulous. There's Nothing that's gonna get you more crowd applause on NPR than you run a farmer's market, Right? It's in the Country. You can't see this, but everybody here is standing up there. Yeah, they're so looting. People are taking their underwear off and throwing 'em at the stage. That's not, we're not her. Relax. Well, welcome to the show, Jamie.


Let me introduce you to our panel This week. First you just heard him, he's an actor, writer and the director of Frances Ford Coppola's Megalopolis. It's Peter Grosz. Hi Next. He's a comedian turned fashion designer who will be premiering his fall winter line on October 12th at Chicago Fashion Week. It's the Prince of Bronzeville. It's Brian Babylon. And finally, she's a comedian and writer for TV shows like Late Night with Seth Myers and Pachinko, which is streaming now on Apple tv. It's Karen Cheese. So you are gonna play Who's Aisha this time?


Aisha Rascoe filling in for Bill. Curtis is gonna read you three quotations from this week's news. If you can correctly identify or explain just two of them, you will win our prize. Any voice from our show you might choose for your voicemail. Are you ready to do this? Yep. All right. Your first quote is from New York Mayor Eric Adams. You take out the garbage, you see one run across your feet, you think about it all Day. That was Adams speaking of this week's first ever national summit to discuss the battle against what? Rat Rats. Yes. New York City hosted the National Urban Rat Summit This week, joined by delegations from Chicago, Boston, Seattle, and other disgusting cities.


Eric Adams has made battling rats the centerpiece of his time as mayor, proving that rats are the only constituency not currently bribing someone in the Adams administration. Why would he, why would he pick a battle? He knows he can't win. I know. That's like you are never gonna beat the rats, bro. That's, yeah. It's like it's me versus the mosquitoes. And I want you to judge me at the end of the summer. If you got one mosquito bite they won. I've gotta say, as a New Yorker, I feel like it's not the New Yorkers who are like trying to get rid of rats. It's actually just very nice of the rats to let us live in their city. Really? You Know? You know the one thing about like New York life and rats is like, you almost turn into like Michael Jackson videos 'cause it's always quick.


Like, you know, I'm saying, was that a rat? You know, everything is like quick neck motions, like of your peripheral vision. Like, ooh, there was a rat and that's why And everybody's going. He, Yeah. The summit invited pest control experts and scientists from across the nation to discuss tips and strategies and it was a really nice little touch in the sort of classic New York tradition. Each visiting expert had a rat waiting in their hotel room for them when they arrived. I know, I bet all those people were like, can we do this somewhere other than New York City? Yeah. How about a rat summit where we talk about the rats, but we're in Miami. That would be nice. Alright, Jamie, Jamie for your next quote here is someone on TikTok gushing about their new fun pastime. You get to eat at your desk, you get weekends off and you get to wear cute little outfits.


That was one of the thousands of young people who were now posting videos just to brag about their what? I have no idea. Imagine. Well this what's I, what's strange here is, this is the sort of thing we thought young people nowadays hated and would never do. Remember she said you get to eat at your desk and you get weekends off Working a 40 hour work week. Exactly. Working office jobs. Wow. Forget about being an artist or an influencer. Now the coolest thing you can be is an entry level customer service manager. People used to go on about their cool side hustles. Now everybody is bragging about their front hustle.


One of these so-called corporate girlies on TikTok listed the benefits of an office job as quote, get to eat at your desk, listen to music and podcast. You get weekends off and free coffee. You know who else gets all those benefits? An unemployed person who goes to AA meetings. Yeah, I think it's also just like the, the Gen Z obsession with like making everything nameable and a thing and a trend. Like at some point they're gonna be like a, I'm just sitting here, I'm doing this cool thing with my lungs where they squeeze in and the air comes out of them and then I'm like, wait a minute, I need more air in them. So I breathe in and until the hashtag breath life, like breath life, everything has to be like named and like Fold something.


Oh no. Oxygen. Girly. Yeah, oxygen. So the respiration challenge was like, so 2023. If you failed the respiration challenge, you don't even deserve to live Our, our our, I'm sorry to be mean, But if you can't breathe, you don't deserve to live. Alright, Jamie, your last quote is from an interview that the BBC did. We're Afraid somebody will tell us we smell. That was an environmentalist joining the growing number of experts who say that what daily habit is unnecessary. Bathing. Bathing. Yes, exactly right. Experts Say that there is no actual health benefit to a daily shower.


And we only do it because as you heard, we don't want other people to think we smell. Now I might be wrong, but doesn't that sound like a good enough reason? What was this expert job of the hut? But it's like you go new to So wasn did that. Yeah, that's, I think this is just the patchouli lobbyists trying to like The idea. The idea is that you don't need to do it. You especially don't need to clean yourself with soap every day because that actually hurts your healthy biome. Chu, chu Bs.


And I keep reading it. It's like you only need to do it if you sweat excessively. And I'm like, well, I'm out. Okay. And I'm so if you have a day where you don't sweat, you don't really do much, and you're like, I'm not gonna see anybody and no one's gonna smell me, then don't shower. Right. If you're depressed, yeah. Right. But don't tell anybody you don't Shower. Yeah, exactly. Like you tell to yourself, she's A teaser. I think maybe if you don't shower enough, you won't be able to keep it to yourself. Exactly. No, The new would be very obvious. You only have to shower in the waves of stink or visibly leaving your body like A like cartoon. Cartoon. Like a mirage. You know, like a cartoonist. Stink lines. You know what can I, have you noticed that you're much dirtier at hotel, hotel towels when you dry off, you're like much dirtier.


Like, Wow, I've noticed that. Have you noticed that? Because they're so white. They're so white. They're so white so and clean. You're like, Jesus Christ. This is, it's like the Peters are like, no, we've never, I've never, never. They're like our towels get even whiter when we're talking. I love a good hotel towel. Yeah. Aisha, how did Jamie do in our quiz? She killed it. She's, you know, three out of three. There you go. Well, Thank You So much for Playing. That's Funny as Hell. Thank You. I'll look at the farmer's market when I am next in Madison during season. Absolutely. Bye-bye.


Take care. Right now panel. It is time for you to answer some questions about This week's news. Brian, the latest dating trend on social media is the 6, 6, 6 method. A woman, or I guess anyone who uses it will be looking for what? Damian, I did this for you. I mean, is it not? It's Not. Okay. It's not the devil, it's not Satan. It's not the antichrist. The antichrist. Okay. 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6. They refer to six measurements that, okay, rather I should say three measurements.


That will have to be at least six. So six feet tall, right? Six figure salary. Right? Not, not, not what Karen wants you to say. Not What Karen wants You to say. I got two outta three. Right? You got Two, three. You get six feet tall. Six feet tall, six figure salary. Salary. And this, it is a physical attribute, but it's not what Karen is constantly trying to get you to say. I'm not not the listener at home. I'm being so Respectful. Oh, I'll give you a hint. The, this is what you wanna see when he takes his shirt off. Whoa. Oh, six pack, right? Six packs. Six nipples. Six feet tall. Yeah. Six figure salary and a six pack. Because The thing is, I only have like four packs. Yeah.


And it was like, I'm just kidding. I mean I, I will explain all the six six rule has been around for years, but recently it's having a resurgence as women are trying to be much more specific about what they're looking for in the dating apps. Oh. It's a very efficient way to streamline the dating process. Find your ideal man and also get catfished. It does. It is like, here's the third thing to be superficial about. Exactly. So this is the hashtag on the dating apps. It is like walking on the beach looking for 6, 6, 6. Yep. Yep. Right. But if you are a warlock, you're like, oh Yeah, My business, I lifted my eyes.


My god. What is this a work of? Perfection. Just a walking this way makes me wanna say that. Your drink water. Hey, you got it. Everywhere you wanna, it's time Coming up. Our panel has hit the bullseye in our bluff, the Listener game. Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to play. We'll be back in a minute with more of Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR.


This message comes from NPR sponsor Disney Plus season one of and or had critics calling it the best Star Wars series. Yet now, season two of the Emmy nominated series returns Tonight follow Cassie and Andor as he embarks on a path from a rebel to a hero starring Diego Luna and from creator Tony Gilroy, writer of Michael Clayton and the Born Identity. Season two of Andor is streaming tonight only on Disney Plus.


Hey, it's a Martinez. Even as the host of a news show, it can be hard to keep up with the headlines. That is why we make the Up First podcast every morning in under 15 minutes. We cover three major stories with context and analysis from reporters around the world. So you can catch up on Look Tapo while getting Ready, making de Sao or Going to Work. So listen to the Up First podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Aisha Roscoe. We're playing This week with Peter Grosz, Brian Babylon and Karen Chi. And here again is your host at the Studebaker Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segel. Thanks. Aha, Thank You so much. Right now it's time for the Wait, Wait. Don't tell me Bluff the listener game called 1 8 8 8. Wait, Wait to player our game in the air. Or you can always check out the pinned post on our Instagram page, which is act Wait, Wait. NPR to find all that information. Hi, you're on. Wait, Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, This is Natalie from Plainfield, Illinois. Hey Natalie, how are you?


I'm good, how Are you? We got some Plainfield fans here in Chicago. What do you do there? I'm an elementary school teacher. Yes, you've got even more fans of elementary school teachers. Well, welcome to the show, Natalie. You're gonna play our game in which you must try to tell truth from fiction. Aisha, what is Natalie's topic? It happened at Target. Who Doesn't love Target? You can get anything there. You can get your groceries, your latest fashions. You get your credit card declined. Anyway, This week we learned about something really unusual that went down at one particular target store. Our panelists are gonna tell you about it. Pick the real one.


You'll win the weight. Waiter of your choice and your voicemail. You ready to play? I'm ready. Alright. First let's hear from Brian Babylon, Portland, Maine. Portland's target store is in damage control. After the latest eco-friendly product, the organic non-toxic vegan begged bug extermination kit led to a full blown cockroach takeover. The kit priced at $90 came with everything. The eco minded person who wants to get rid of bedbugs needed essential oils, special natural detergents, and of course a colony of cockroaches and a hemp burla pouch. Since cockroaches are the natural predator of bedbugs, the idea is once the bed bugs were gone, the roaches would just leave.


Right? Spoiler Wrong, they didn't leave. Instead, they multiplied in the target store faster than a kombucha recipe at a Portland potluck. Jasper Moonbeam, an elementary teacher, had a close encounter with the, in the coffee aisle I reached for my fair trade espresso and then bam, a cockroach runs across my hand. I haven't screamed like that since the farmer's market ran out of heirloom tomato tomatoes. Target is offering refunds. Pixar is thinking about making this into a movie and Portland's cockroach population is booming sustainably. Of course, The eco-friendly organic bedbug kit led to a cockroach infestation at a target in Portland, Maine.


Your next trip to Target comes from Karen Chi. Drivers in Ohio were alarmed on Sunday morning when they saw an SUV driving erratically on the freeway. Eyewitness Justin Kimery told the New York Times that he saw a car going all over the road. When Kimery pulled up by the car to investigate himself, he was shocked. He couldn't see anyone behind the wheel. Was it a ghost or a self-driving car? No. It was the scariest thing of all an 8-year-old girl. It's true. Neighborhood cameras show a spunky elementary schooler in Bedford, Ohio leaving home at 7:00 AM hopping into her mom's Nissan Rogue and driving 13 miles to target with shocking success as well as $400 of her parents' money.


And her parents apparently didn't even notice she had left the house until two hours later. Police located the girl sitting in the target Starbucks, where she was enjoying a frappuccino and, and I assume quietly regretting the life choices that led her there. An 8-year-old girl takes herself in her parents' car down to the local target 13 miles away. Your last shopping topic comes from Peter Grosz. Best friends Jennifer Insole and Leah Gome are managers at the target in the Cross Gates Mall in Albany, New York and are big francophiles after the Olympics in Paris this summer, they had a brainstorm. Everyone jokingly calls Target Tar Gome told News 32 Albany.


So we thought, what if we made our target totally French This week? They did just that. Every sign was rewritten in French. The cheese aisle in the grocery section was stocked with the stinky blue cheeses and the employees smoked were rude to the customers and went on strike every 20 minutes. Reaction to the French ification varied. Some were downright confused. I had no idea what they were saying and I thought I was having a stroke. The Biggest negative reaction came not from customers, but from overly patriotic employees at a different store in the mall who responded by changing the name of their store to o bone pain and selling diet fried bacon wrapped hot dogs dipped in nacho cheese, ketchup and whipped cream.


Alright, something interesting happened at a particular target location this last week. Was it from Brian Babylon? A target in Portland, Maine was infested by cockroaches, which came in their new organic bedbug eradication kits. Was it from Karen Chi? A Target in Ohio was visited by an 8-year-old girl who managed to drive their parents' car. Or from Peter Grosz, a target in upstate New York, converted for real into a targe. Which of these was the real target oriented story in the news we found? Well, Speaking as someone who teaches many eight year olds, I'm gonna go with Karen's story.


You're Gonna go with Karen's story, little Girl, the audience. You agree? Well, We actually, to bring you the real story, spoke to the person who covered this for the New York Times. An 8-year-old girl was found at the target without a scratch, just a frappuccino on hand and a busted mailbox. That was Gina Shela who reported on the tiny shopper story for the Times. Congratulations, Natalie. You got it right. You're in a point for camera. But more importantly, you have won our prize. The voice of anyone you might choose for your voicemail. Thank You so much. Thank You. Congratulations and congratulations on all the good work you do. Thank You.


Take care. Bye. She's eating up the road with the sharks and just a little clutch pull over this car. Too much I tell. And now the game we call not my job. Decades ago James Bond established the stereotype of the British spy handsome suave, perfectly dressed with impeccable manners. We're happy to report that is now obsolete.


The new model MI five agent is the Slovenly Flatulent Jackson Lamb, played by Gary Oldman in the hit Apple TV series Slow Horses. We are delighted to talk to him now. Gary Oldman, welcome to Wait, Wait, don't tell me. So let's start at the beginning. Tell us about your character in the show. Jackson Lamb. Jackson Lamb. It, it was once a very, very good agent working for, you know, MMI five. He, what we see when we meet him in slow horses is the sort of smoldering embers of a man that was once legendary In my view.


And I've, I'm, I'm, I'm, I've been around and I've seen a lot of great TV, film theater. I think that Jackson Lamb has the greatest character introduction I have ever seen. When we meet Jackson Lamb, he's having a nap in the office and he farts himself awake. I mean, you, you've, let's face it, you've done a lot of good work in your career, Gary, but I don't know if you've ever done anything that immediately evocative, you Know, but we do. I never thought I'd see the day where I'm having email exchanges with the, with the director talking about the quality of facts.


But because you know, they, I'm not a method actor, so they have to dub it off or, or should I say I'm not a methane actor? No. Anyway, so, so I find the, you know, they dub on a sound and then I'm exchanging emails with the director saying, you know, it, it is on a leather seat. So that one, it should be more robust. That's facts. That's perfect. Full of sound. And occasionally I I might write Can we, can we make it direct and a little wet round the edges?


I'm, that's hilarious. I I I'm imagining, first of all, a little disappointed to find out it wasn't you farting, but we understand that it's all, it's all CGI these days. We know this and I'm, but I'm wondering because let's face it, Jackson Lamb farts a lot in the course of his day. And I'm assuming that they, the sound designers must have like a, a whole file of farts that are chosen from I Was gonna ask, is it like fart following when you have a standin? Like, you know, if someone doesn't wanna do a nude scene, they have a standin. Is there somebody who is farting in place of you? Yeah. Do you have a colon double.


And actually shouldn't that be the person nominated for an ma here being a little selfish, Jerry? No. I'm sure there's someone in the, in Karen to ask to answer your question. I'm sure there's someone in a room. You have to be. And you were nominated for an Emmy. You were there If I'm not mistaken, you were caught up in the great shogun sweep of all the awards, right? Oh yeah, Yeah. I mean they were, I think they were nominated for 14 and they won 25. Amazing. How do they do that? Did you have a speech ready? I've always wondered about that.


Yeah, I think it's polite. Yeah. And what and what do you do with it if you don't get to use it? That's the other question. What Was that? Well, more recently, my wife has been keeping them and, and throwing them sort of in a box in, in the archive as it were. Well, How many do you have? Well, I've lost a lot. It It, I'm got quite a collection. It's kind of fascinating though. You Don't just use the same one. You don't, don't don't name your agent. Just say your agent. You could use it for years. Oh. Now what you can do though is because you don't win and you don't get to speak it, no one knows.


So what you do is you could dig one out from years ago and just change So good. Because you go, oh, that was a good one. I, I never got to say that. That was a Yeah, that was, that was a good one. So let me dig that one out and kind of like move if you, it is sort of cut and paste the thing, you know, As long you don't make references to like some rights or something of our country that doesn't exist anymore where you're like the people of Yugoslavia need there. Gary, it is an absolute pleasure to talk to you again and once again we have asked you here to play a game and this time we are calling it The slowest horses of all.


You are of course star and slow horses as we have discussed. So we thought we'd ask you about the very slowest horses. That is hobby horses. Hobby horses are the horse, the toy. It's a stick with a horse's head. And people actually ride these hobby horses in competitive events called Hobby Horsing where they go around gates and jump over fences and do dressage just like real horses. So we're gonna ask you three questions about hobby horsing. Get two of them, right? You will win our prize for one of our listeners. The voice of anyone they may choose for their voicemail. Aisha, who is Gary Oldman playing for? Martin Oliver of Los Angeles, California.


Ready to do this? Have you, have you heard or seen Hobby Horsing? I have seen it. Yeah. It's pretty Out there. It's pretty out there. So never seen. Now if you've watched it and there are many videos online, you can watch them. You'll notice that it's very popular with young girls. But according to hobby Horse Riders Australia boys are starting to get interested in the sport, but with a notable change. What is it? A they prefer hobby war horsing with jousts B, they make and ride hobby dinosaurs or C boys rules, allowing them to turn the horses around and pretend the sticks are guns.


I'm gonna go with jousting. You're gonna go with jousting. That is a natural choice, but it's actually hobby dinosaurs. Hmm. Well, Yeah, My three-year-old by the way, could have explained this to you, but you still have two more chances here. You're all good here. The very first American hobby horse championships were held just last month in Michigan. And the competitors who came had to deal with some significant obstacles such as which of these a, due to a quirk in Michigan law, the horses had to be stabled and given adequate food and water even though they are not real. B those who flew there could not bring their hobby horses on board the plane because they could be used as a weapon or c the Northern Midwest Alliance for Animal Liberation, which on the first day of competition tried to liberate the quote spiritual horses.


Okay. Okay. I I'm, I'm gonna have to go with C. No, I'm afraid it was B They could not bring the hobby horses onto the plane because if they are essentially four foot long sticks, you could use them as a weapon. So, okay, That was the obvious one. Yeah, I know that was Alright. You have one more chance here. Let's see what happens. Some competitors use the hobby horse for every event, but you know, when it's time to retire your loyal hobby horse, don't worry because you can always do what a, bring them to Lincoln, Massachusetts where they can live out to the end of their days with other hobbies and rocking horses in a grassy kind of pasture.


Three, just break them in half to create two hobby ponies or c send them to a factory to be turned into wood Glue. I I'm thinking when you, when you, when you're done with the horse, Yeah, I'm not, I'm not saying that you literally turn it into two ponies, but you just snap the thing over your knee and throw it in the No, it was actually a nobody knows.


Nobody knows who put the first rocking horse in this pasture near Lincoln, Massachusetts. But it has been joined over the years by dozens more hobby horses, rocking horses. So Aisha, yeah. How Did Oscar winning and sometimes frankly, a little intimidating. I know actor Gary Oldman doing our quiz. Well, you know, I think that because he has lost a lot and with the Emmys and things Like that. Yeah, I think we should give it to 'em. I think you're right.


You know, You're Alwayss a winner here. If you happen to still have the Emmys be candy, you can roll it out now. Well congratulations on this big win. I hope it makes up forever. Gary Oldman is an Oscar winning actor and if you have not yet watched him in the show, slow Horses on Apple tv. I envy you 'cause you get to start from the beginning. Gary Oldman, Thank You so much for joining us on Wait, Wait. John Thomas. Thank You. What a pleasure to talk to you again. Take care. Awesome. In just a minute, Aisha introduces you to a very big, very small, new international superstar in our listener Limerick challenge.


Call one triple eight. Wait, Wait to join us on the air. We'll be back in a minute with more Wait, Wait, don't tell me from NPR


Cell phones, cars, coffee. How do these goods make their way to us from overseas? And what will President Trump's tariffs mean for their price tags? Join the one a podcast as we explore supply chains and costs associated with some of your favorite products. It's our series. How did this get here every Wednesday? Listen to the one, a podcast from NPR and WAMU.


This message comes from Instacart. Instacart is on a mission to have you not leave the couch this basketball season. Between the pre-game rituals and the post-game interviews, it can be difficult to find time for everything else. Let Instacart take care of your game day snacks or weekly restocks and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because they hear it's bad luck. To be hungry on game day. Download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants.


Having news at your fingertips is great, but sometimes you need an escape. And that's where Shortwave comes in, where a joy filled science podcast driven by wonder and curiosity that will get you out of your head and in touch with the world around you. Listen now to Shortwave the Science podcast. From NPR.


From NPR and WBE Z Chicago. This is Wait, Wait, don't tell me the NPR news quiz. I'm Aisha Roscoe. We're playing This week with Brian Babylon, Peter Grosz and Karen Chee. And here again is your host at the Studebakers Theater in Chicago, Illinois. Peter Segal. Thank You Aisha. In just a minute. In just a minute, Aisha gets in a fight with a poy rhyme. If you'd like to play, Give us a call at one triple eight. Wait, Wait, that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. Right now panel. Some more questions for you from the week's news. Peter, according you to the New York Times This week, there's something that we thought only happened to toddlers, but now we know it happens to adults too.


What is it They make in their pants? Peter, what did you do? We have meltdowns. We have tantrums. Yes Tantrums. That's the answer. Psychologists have suggested that the reason small kids often have temper tantrums in the afternoon is because of quote, after school restraint collapse. The idea is they've been at school, preschool, whatever, behaving all day following orders, they get home, all that pen up stress comes pouring out and adults have the same experience. Right? I mean, so yeah, don't, don't, don't get upset at them. It's just a case of the terrible 30 twos.


That is true. After I've behaved so well on this panel, I always go back and trash the dressing room. Yeah. I just curse like crazy. I Mean if you, if you think of it, it makes sense. 'cause you know adults, what do you do? You go to work, right? You're dealing with crises, you're dealing with stress. Yeah. You just repress it all. You don't react and you go home and you go directly into family life and you blow up. 'cause you just don't have a moment to just like decompress first. And also because they wanted blueberries, but not these blueberries. I hate these blueberries go away. Also alcohol I think happens. Yeah. Yeah. Brian, This year's hottest aesthetic for decorating your home is being inspired by a certain group of people.


Who are they? How does aesthetic Like the vibe, Like the vibe? Yeah. Aesthetic. The look. Yeah, I know. Gimme a hint on that. It's amazing how you can refresh the look in your house when you got the house. What? Oh, realtors. No, no. I don't know. What do You when you got the house when Homeowners like people who buy A house, this is a dumb question. This is a dumb question. Like, what do you mean people Who have bought homes? Let's just group guess this because we're not, it's not homeowners Garden homes. Peter, I'll give a hint. I'll, I'll basically it's people who have been able to free themselves from the little voice that was holding them back because they got the house and the little voice had to move back in with his mom.


Is it Recently divorced people? It is What It's actually called divorced mom core. Oh, that's, you've Heard of Cottage Core. Divorced mom Core is what this Divorced dad core is like. That's rough. Yeah. Oh yeah. You don't wanna do decorate divorced dad corps. You don't do that. You see that coffee table, Domino's box, divorced Mom corps. It's, it's all about, apparently you know the fact that these women finally get to do exactly what they want, indulge the women without A man telling me what to do. Exactly. In divorced mom core quote, natural light floods the rooms and there's a certain piece that comes that with knowing every item in the house reflects their taste unquote.


Like they take down that live laugh, love sign, and put up the live love. Who's laughing now? Wait a second. If I know most heterosexual couples, the woman is the one who put up the live laugh left side. It wasn't like, oh man, man, I got rid of my husband's like every, you know, this is a knitting house or whatever. Like those things are put up by women. My husband is like, it's wine o clock. Exactly. Well I'll be taking this wine o clock thing and this ball of yarn learn Coming up. It's lightning fill in the blank. But first it's the game where you have to listen for the rhyme. If you'd like to play on air, call or leave a message at one triple eight.


Wait, Wait. 'cause that's 1 8 8 8 9 2 4 8 9 2 4. You can see as most weeks right here at the Studebaker Theater in downtown Chicago. You should also check out this week's edition of our How to Do Everything podcast featuring the great Tom Hanks and a fact that will change the way you look at chimpanzees forever. Hi, you on Wait. Wait. Don't tell me. Hi, Alex Pilate from Knoxville, Tennessee. Hey, How are things in Knoxville, Alex? They're Very good. I'm starting to finally feel like fall. Oh, I'm so glad to hear Fall is beautiful in Tennessee. What do you do there? I'm a medical writer by day and I make stained glass on evenings and weekends. Oh Wow. That's incredibly cool. Now stained glass often is like representational. Do you like do pictures of something in your stained glass? I Pretty much do nature stuff.


I like to make flowers and insects and bats and kind of a mix of pretty and creepy and weird things. All, all of the Above. Well Alex, welcome to the show. Aisha Rascoe right here is gonna read you three news related limericks with a last word or phrase missing from each. If you can fill in that last word or phrase correctly and into the limericks, you will be a winner. You ready to go? Sure thing. Here is your first limerick At the zoo. The lines move at a clip o wave. Hello. Take a pick and then dipo ANGs rosy cheeks. Make the visitors shriek. But move on. You can't crowd this young Hippo. Yes. The newest international megastar is Mo a baby pygmy hippo born in a Thai zoo.


Her keeper posted some photos of her on Facebook soon after she was born and she went globally viral so quickly. Quarterback Aaron Rogers thinks she's a hoax. Ang the name roughly translates to bouncy pork is so irresistibly adorable that this is all true. She's become a makeup influencer. Sephora, Thailand. Put up a picture of her with the tip. Wear your blush like a baby hippo, which means like just wallow in mud right here. Alex is your next limerick. The pilot gets on the air. Sweet. Will the passengers please take their seat and do not expose your stinky gross toes.


Please refrain from exposing bear. Oh feet. Yes. You got the word right and the emotion people are learning just This week that flying barefoot isn't just something that'll make people glare at you and secretly text about you. It can actually get you kicked off the plane now. Oh. Except if you're in an exit row in an emergency, bare feet count as an extra pair of hands. So people like bearing their feet on airplanes. It become such a problem that the airlines have had to specify dress requirements as official policy. So for example, American Airlines policy now prohibits quote offensive clothing and bare feet.


Wow. So if you really wanna make flight attendance nuts, just wear offensive shoes and socks, what are they gonna do? Make you take them off. Can they really kick people off? They really can. They now like God bless it. Yeah. Yeah, I know. Finally something good in the news, right? Yeah. But what if you're wearing flip flops? Does that count? If you take your, leave Them on, Leave them on. You Have to leave them on. Have you? But your foot's already out and I've, I've been sitting down and I've seen toes pop from, it's always like out your peripherals. Like that's a toe there. Hello Brian. Yeah, like that's Alright. Here is your last limerick.


Gastric winds blow our home life apart. So we found a solution That's smart. We go out for a walk and make sure that we talk. So my partner can't tell when I Part. Yes indeed. Canadian actor, TV host and food blogger Marilyn Smith is recommending what she calls nightly fart walks with your partner to help maintain healthy blood sugar and unhealthy boundaries. So we all know that walking right after a meal can help regulate your blood sugar. Keep it from spiking.


But a smith says we eat a lot of fiber so we have gas and you fart when you walk. So she and her husband enjoy what they now refer to as their regular fart walks. It's another way just to let your partner of many years know that you have just given up. Yeah, That's what I was thinking. But that's, that's assuming that your stomach has to be on that cycle. Like what if it's not, Hey man, I'm just gonna wait till you go to bed to let this out versus says right after you eat and the walk, what if the farts not ready to leave? That's why they're perfect partners for each other. Because they have the same like fart circle. They're in sync. Nsync. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


That's when you know it's true love. That's when you know, that's when you know is love. Yeah. My girlfriend and I have a thing where we're like, oh my God. Same thought. We were thinking the same thing. And the people are like, same fart, right? I was farting the same. You Were. I mean it's actually, it's actually kind of nice that they do it as a couple. But why do they make their kid come along to get the score? Aisha, how did Alex do in our quiz? He, he did an amazing job. Three out of three. Perfect score. Well done. Congratulations. Thanks.


Imagine if you will a show from NPR that's not like NPR. A show that focuses not on the important but the stupid, which features stories about people smuggling animals in their pants and competent criminals in ridiculous science studies. And call it, Wait, Wait. Don't tell me because the good names were taken. Listen to nvs. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. Yes. That is what it is called. Wherever you get your podcast. On this week's Wild Card Podcast, Brett Goldstein says, even though his shows Ted lasso and shrinking get emotional, he doesn't, I Haven't quite yet. I guess I thought you might be like a closet crier. No, I mean I write all this stuff 'cause then I don't have to live it.


Whoa. She's like, I got him. I'm Rachel Martin. Brett Goldstein is on Wild Card, the show where cards control the conversation


At NPRs pop culture. Happy hour. We sort through a lot of television and we've found some recent TV comedies we really like that you don't want to miss. And we'll tell you where to watch them in one handy guide. Listen to the pop culture happy hour podcast from NPR.


Now onto our final game, lightning fill in the blank. Each of our players will have 60 seconds in which to answer as many fill in the blank questions as they can. Each correct answer is now worth two points. Aisha, can you give us the scores? Okay. So Peter has three, Brian has two, and Karen has four. Whoa. Yes. Alright. Well this means Brian, you're in third place. You're Up First. The clock will start. When I begin your first question, fill in the blank. On Tuesday, Israel took credit for the thousands of electronic devices that exploded in blank Lebanon. Right. On Thursday, scientists again linked animals at a market in Wuhan with the early spread of Blank Coronavirus.


Right? This week the Justice Department announced they were seeking over a hundred million dollars from the owners of the ship that destroyed the key bridge in blank Baltimore. Right. On Tuesday, Senate Republicans blocked a bill that would've guaranteed access nationwide to blank IVF. Yes. In vitro fertilization. This week, experts suggested that one effective way to avoid getting microplastics in your brain is to stop blanking Cocaine. No, the answer is breathing. Oh. On Tuesday, the harvest Super Moon coincided with a partial lunar blank eclipse. Right? On Monday, a leading group of pediatricians warned against buying a blank for your kids IPad.


No trampoline. This week, Australia released data from 2023 revealing that nearly half of all airplane noise complaints came from blank blank Dul. No. Came from the very same guy. Oh. Oh yes. His name is Jackie odu. Out of all out of the 51,000 noise complaints called into the Australian Aviation Authority. Last year, 21,000 came from just one man. Oh God. In Perth, Australia. That means that on average he called to complain 59 times a day for an entire year. It's gotten so bad that when you call the 800 number, they put up four complaints.


The automated message just says press one for Spanish, and two, if this is Jim again, Aisha, how did Brian do in our quiz? So Brian got five, right? For 10 more points and Brian now has 12 points and the lead. All right. Okay. Very good. Brian. Peter, I believe you are up next, fill in the blank. On Wednesday the Federal Reserve announced a half point blank cut Interest rates. Right. Three days after a failed assassination attempt, blank held a rally in Michigan. Trump. Right. This week, VWHO declared blank resistant infections, a global health risk Antibiotic, right? Yeah. After denying a report detailing shocking comments left on a porn site, Mark Robinson vowed to stay in the race for governor of Blank Ville, North Carolina.


Right This week, a beverage maker in Columbia challenge Coca-Cola's trademark so they could freely sell their own drink. Blank Cola Coca, No close Coca-Cola. This week, research that led to the creation of obesity, drugs like blank won the Alaska Medical Award. Ozempic Right. This week, the hottest calendar for 2025 went on sale. It features a year's worth of pictures of cats showing off blank. They're six packs. No, they're testicles. Now I know what you're thinking. Okay, great. Finally, it's here, but only 12 months of cat testicles. No, no, don't worry. This is a daily calendar.


What? It'll make the perfect gift for anyone looking for a good laugh or hoping to test just how strict their office's HR policies are. Aisha, how did Peter do on our quiz? So Peter got five, right? For 10 more points. And so he now has 13 and Karen needs five more to win. All right, then Karen, this is for the game. Fill in the blank. On Tuesday, a judge denied bail to hip hop mogul blank. Did he? Yes. Also known as Sean Combs. According to experts, the starlink satellites launched by blank are interfering with astronomical observations. Russia? No. They launched by Elon Musk. This week the Teamsters Union declined to endorse a candidate for blank president.


Right. According to a new study, three cups of blank a day may be good for your heart coffee. Right. This week a state senator in Kentucky is recovering well after he drove blank and into blank. A car into a hay bale. No, a riding lawnmower into his swimming pool. This week, police dispatchers in Dover, Delaware are being praised for their quick actions and helping rescue a sinking boat in blank. The ocean. You could have just said the water also. Yeah, That would've been even more. It was actually, am I wrong In, in Dover, England, when a man saw his brother's boat was sinking in the English Channel, he quickly googled the phone number for the Dover Police.


Clicked the first result and was connected to a dispatcher 3,500 miles away in Dover, Delaware. Thankfully, the operators acted quickly. They got rescue services dispatched to the sinking ship and they should arrive sometime within the next two months. Aisha, did Karen Chi do well enough to win? No. Oh, No. So Karen got three, right? For six more points. So with 13 points, Peter, is this week's champion? Well done. In just a minute, we're gonna ask our panelists to predict what will be the big news to come out of the Rat Summit in New York City.


But first, lemme tell you all that. Wait, Wait, don't tell me. He's a production of NPR and WBE Z, Chicago and Association with Urgent Haircut Productions. Doug Berman, benevolent overlord, Philip God Rise. Our limericks, our public address announcer is Paul Friedman. Our tour manager is Shannon Donald, thanks to the staff and crew at the Studebaker Theater. And This week we want to note the passing of our friend, the journalist and author Neil King Jr. He did a lot remarkable things in his life, but to us the most impressive was helping to raise his daughter, Lillian King, our beloved colleague and friend here at Waitwait. Our condolences to Lillian, her sister Francis and their mother, Shayla Murray. We love you Tilly.


BJ Leaderman composed our theme. Our program is produced by Jennifer Mills, miles Derm boss and Lillian King's. Special thanks This week to Monica Hickey. Our celebrity Pygmy Hippo is Peter Gwynn. Emma Choi is our vibe curator. Technical directions from Lorna White, her CFO's. Colin Miller. Our production manager is Robert Newhouse. Our senior producer is Ian Chillo and the executive producer of Wait, Wait, don't Tell me, is Mr. Michael Danforth now? Pam, what would be the big news? Outta the Big Rat Summit in New York City, Brian Babylon Rats will get a tax break for adopting Ninja Turtles. Karen Cheese, we're gonna stop giving them grasshoppers.


And Peter Grosz. Gary Oldman will unveil his flawless brilliant plan to turn all the rats into wood glue. And if any of that happens, we will ask you about it On Wait, Wait, don't Tell me. Thank You so much. Aye Rosco, who is such a fabulous crowd filling Bo Curtis's impressive shoes. Thanks also to Karachi, Ryan Babylon and Peter Grosz. Thanks to our fabulous audience here, make theater every one of you. Thanks to everybody who's listening at home or wherever you may be. I'm Peter Segel. We'll see you next week in Kansas City Mo.


This is NPR.


This message comes from Capital One with the Spark Cash Plus card. You earn unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase for your business. Find out more@capitalone.com slash spark Cash plus terms apply.