
Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers with LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. S Odoo like I did, and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


Thumbtack presents the ins and outs of caring for your home. Out uncertainty, self-doubt, stressing about not knowing where to start in plans and guides that make it easy to get home projects done out. Word art, sorry, live, laugh lovers in knowing what to do, when to do it, and who to hire. Start caring for your home with confidence. Download Thumbtack today.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Happy New Year's Eve. We are closing out 2024 already. I can't believe it. And not only reflecting on the year that was, but looking ahead at what's to come. So at this turning point, we've gotten archive talk for you from novelist Anne Lamott. In her 2017 talk, she shares some timeless truths she has learned about life. Enjoy. My 7-year-old grandson sleeps just down the hall from me and he wakes up a lot of mornings and he says, you know, this could be the best day ever.


And other times in the middle of the night, he calls out in a tremulous voice, Nana, will you ever get sick and die? I think this pretty much says it for me and most of the people I know that we're a mixed grill of happy anticipation and dread. So I sat down a few days before my 61st birthday and I decided to compile a list of everything I know for sure there's so little truth in the popular culture and it's good to be sure of a few things. For instance, I am no longer 47, although this is the age I feel and the age I like to think of myself as being my friend.


Paul used to say In his late seventies that he felt like a young man was something really wrong with him. Our true person is outside of time and space. But looking at the paperwork, I can in fact see that I was born in 1954. My inside self is outside of time and space. It doesn't have an age I'm every age I've ever been in. So are you. Although I can't help mentioning as an aside that it might have been helpful if I hadn't followed the skincare rules of the sixties, which involved getting as much sun as possible. Well slathered in baby oil and basking in the glow of a tinfoil reflector shield.


It was so liberating though to face the truth that I was no longer in the last throes of middle age that I decided to write down every single true thing. I know people feel really doomed and overwhelmed these days and they keep asking me what's true. So I hope that my list of things I'm almost positive about might offer some basic operating instructions to anyone who's feeling really overwhelmed or beleaguered. Number one, the first and truest thing is that all truth is a paradox. Life is both a precious, unfathomably, beautiful gift, and it's impossible here on the incarnation side of things, it's been a very bad match for those of us who were born extremely sensitive.


It's so hard and weird that we sometimes wonder if we're being punked. It's filled simultaneously with heartbreaking sweetness and beauty, desperate poverty, floods and babies and acne and Mozart all swirl together. I don't think it's an ideal system. Number two, almost everything will work again If you unplug it for a few minutes, including you Three.


There is almost nothing outside of you that will help in any kind of lasting way unless you're waiting for an organ you can't buy, achieve, or date. Serenity and peace of mind. This is the most horrible truth and I so resent it, but it's an inside job and we can't arrange peace or lasting improvement for the people we love most in the world. They have to find their own ways, their own answers. You can't run alongside your grown children with sunscreen and chapstick on their hero's journey. You have to release them. It's disrespectful not to.


And if it's someone else's problem, you probably don't have the answer anyway. Our help is usually not very helpful or how help is often toxic. And help is the sunny side of control. Stop helping so much, don't get your help and goodness all over everybody. This brings us to number four. Everyone is screwed up, broken, clingy, and scared. Even the people who seem to have it most together, they're much more like you than you would believe. So try not to compare your insides to other people's outsides.


It will only make you worse than you already are. Also, you can't save, fix or rescue any of them or get anyone sober. What helped me get clean and sober 30 years ago was the catastrophe of my behavior and thinking. So I asked some sober friends for help and I turned to a higher power. One acronym for God is the Gift of desperation, GOD or as a sober friend put it by the end, I was deteriorating faster than I could lower my standards.


So God might mean, in this case me running out of any more good ideas while fixing and saving and trying to rescue is futile, radical self-care is quantum and it radiates out from you into the atmosphere like a little fresh air. It's huge gift to the world. When people respond by saying, well, isn't she full of herself? Just smile obliquely like Mona Lisa and make both of you a nice cup of tea. Being full of affection for one's goofy, self-centered, cranky, annoying self is home.


It's where world peace begins. Number five, chocolate with 75% cacao is not actually a food. Its best use is as a bait in snake traps or to balance the legs of wobbly chairs. It was never meant to be considered inedible. Number six, Writing. Every writer you know writes really terrible first drafts, but they keep their butt in the chair.


That's the secret of life. That's probably the main difference between you and them. They just do it. They do it by prearrangement with themselves. They do it as a debt of honor. They tell stories that come through them one day at a time, little by little. When my older brother was in fourth grade, he had a report, a term paper on birds due the next day. And yeah, he hadn't started. So my dad sat down with him with an Audubon book, paper Pencils and Brads, for those of you who have gotten a little less young and remember Brads. And he said to my brother, just take it bird by bird buddy.


Just read about pelicans and then write about pelicans in your own voice and then find out about chickies and tell us about them in your own voice. And then geese. So the two most important things about writing are bird by bird and really God awful first drafts. If you don't know where to start, remember that every single thing that happened to you is yours and you get to tell it. If people wanted you to write more warmly about them, they should have behaved better.


You're going to feel like hell If you wake up some day and you never wrote the stuff that is tugging on the sleeves of your heart, your stories, memories, visions and songs, your truth, your version of things in your own voice. That's really all you have to offer us. And that's also why you were born. Seven. Publication and temporary creative successes are something you have to recover from. They kill as many people as not. They will hurt damage and change you in ways you cannot imagine. The most degraded and evil people I've ever known are male writers who've had huge bestsellers and yet returning to number one, that all truth is paradox.


It's also a miracle to get your work published, to get your stories read and heard. Just try to bust yourself gently of the fantasy that publication will heal you, that it will fill the Swiss cheesy holes inside of you. It can't. It won't. But writing can. So can singing in a choir or a bluegrass band, so can painting community murals or birding or fostering old dogs that no one else will. Number eight, families. Families are hard, hard, hard, no matter how cherished and astonishing they may also be.


Again, C number one at family gatherings where you suddenly feel homicidal or suicidal. Remember that in all cases, it's a miracle that any of us were specifically were conceived and born. Earth is forgiveness school. It begins with forgiving yourself. And then you might as well start at the dinner table. That way you can do this work in comfortable pants. When William Blake said that we are here to learn to endure the beams of love, he knew that your family would be an intimate part of this even as you wanna run screaming for your cute little life.


But I promise you are up to it. You can do it Cinderella, you can do it, and you will be amazed. Nine food, try to do a little better. I think you know what I mean. Number 10, grace. Grace is spiritual. WD 40 or water wings. The mystery of grace is that God loves Henry Kissinger and Vladimir Putin and me exactly as much as he or she loves your new grandchild.


Go figure. The movement of grace is what changes us, heals us and heals our world to someone. Grace say, help and then buckle up. Grace finds you exactly where you are, but it doesn't leave you where it found you. And grace won't look like Casper the friendly ghost regrettably, but the phone will ring or the mail will come, and then against all odds, you'll get your sense of humor about yourself back. Laughter really is carbonated holiness. It helps us breathe again and again and gives us back to ourselves. And this gives us faith in life and each other.


And remember, grace always bats last 11, God just means goodness. It's really not all that scary. It means the divine or a loving animating intelligence, or as we learn from the great deterior erata, the cosmic muffin, a good name for God is not me. Emerson said that the happiest person on earth is the one who learns from nature the lessons of worship. So go outside a lot and look up. My pastor said, you can trap bees on the bottom of Mason jars without lids because they don't look up.


So they just walk around bitterly bumping into the glass walls, go outside, look up secret of life. And finally, death number 12. Wow. And yikes, it's so hard to bear when the few people you cannot live without die, you'll never get over these losses. And no matter what the culture says, you're not supposed to. We Christians like to think of death as, as a major change of address, but in any case, the person will live again fully in your heart If you don't seal it off. Like Leonard Cohen said, there are cracks in everything and that's how the light gets in and that's how we feel our people, again, fully alive.


Also, the people will make you laugh out loud at the most inconvenient times, and that's the great good news, but their absence will also be a lifelong nightmare of homesickness for you. Grief and friends, time and tears will heal you to some extent. Tears will bathe and baptize and hydrate and moisturize you and the ground on which you walk. Do you know the first thing that God says to Moses? He says, take off your shoes because this is holy ground. All evidence to the contrary, it's hard to believe, but it's the truest thing. I know when you're a little bit older, like my tiny personal self, you realize that death is as sacred as birth.


And don't worry, get on with your life. Almost every single death is easy and gentle with the very best people surrounding you for as long as you need. You won't be alone and they'll, they'll help you cross over to whatever awaits us. As Ramdas said, when all is said and done, we're really just all walking each other home. I think that's it, but if I think of anything else, I'll let you know. Thank you.


That was Anne Lamott speaking at TED 2017. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.