
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Kristine McDivitt Tompkins stepped away as CEO of Patagonia to do crucial work of restoring ecosystems in South America. In her talk, she explains how the work of restoring land and native species is healing and crucial as so many creatures face extinction that's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital. One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalist, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value among those surveyed, one in three companies, pause and AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader. Through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters, Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com


And now our TED talk of the day, I'm of the first generation in all of human history to witness the decimation of wild nature taking place in every corner of the planet. This isn't a mystery. We know this. At the end of the day, it's simple mathematics. We humans expand our footprint habitat on land and see shrink wildlife numbers fall, temperatures rise, and human communities suffer. And this is what keeps me up at night, but I'm also busy.


Edward Abbey, the godfather of environmental activism once said, sentiment without action is the ruin of the soul. And for me, the antidote to despair is to act. And the most direct action at Tompkins Conservation is to be part of the global movement of rewilding the earth. So what is rewilding anyway? It means allowing ancient nature, the space and the freedom to heal itself. And when that's not possible, actively restoring territories and bringing back species who have gone missing.


Rewilding is both simple and miraculous. I know this because I have lived it. Here's what I think can happen if we take on Rewilding the continent at a massive scale because frankly, we're kind of running out of time saving the natural world. So if there was ever a moment for a Hail Mary pass in conservation, I think this is it. 30 years ago when my late husband, Doug Tompkins and I began working on land conservation projects, we weren't really sure what we were going to do, but we knew we would invest everything we had in terms of our time and resources to slow down the freight train of development that we saw destroying the natural world as climbers, ski racers, wildlife people.


We had long begun to witness with our own eyes, and it was time for us to react to those things that were also clear to us. For the two of us, that meant making 180 degree shift of our business lives. Dug as the co-founder of the North Face and then a spree. And for me it was retiring from Patagonia company. After 25 years, 18 of those years as CEO, we moved to a roadless area at the tip of South America at the foot of a very deep fjord in Chile. We committed ourselves to saving as much wild habitat as we could at first by simply buying land, ultimately acquiring over 2 million acres of key habitat in Chile and Argentina.


Some of these tracks were still wild, but some were deeply degraded. After a century of livestock, overgrazing and deforestation and and other threats, we formed teams on the ground and worked with communities and local regional national governments. And partnering with now 12 presidential administrations in the two countries, we gave back everything that we put together in terms of conservation lands by donating them in the form of new national parks. Yes, so far we've initiated 15 new national parks protecting over 15 million acres.


We came to know without a doubt that landscapes can recover. Even those forests, grasslands, wetlands, hardest hit. But the more we worked saving and restoring lands and seascapes, the more we came to realize that you can't have healthy ecosystems if keystone species are missing. As Lois Chrysler said, landscape without wildlife is just scenery, and we never saw our sail as being in the scenery. Business protecting large scale territories is essential.


You can't paint a masterpiece unless you have the canvas. But once the territory is secured long term, we had to commit ourselves to go beyond land conservation and set our goals to leaving behind fully functioning ecosystems, figuring out what species are missing or whose numbers are low and fragile and commit to bringing them back. And that's exactly what we're doing today. Patagonia grasslands, temperate rainforests are safe and whole and nearly 2 million acres of wetlands have been protected.


A total of 24 native species, which were nearly extinct, are again roaming free and reproducing in their rightful territories from apex predators that influence entire ecosystems to seed bearers, herbivores, smaller predators, each playing out their essential role in the theater that we call life. In Chile, the population of the nearly extinct way more deer is no longer losing ground. And after a century of livestock grazing in the Patagonia grasslands, which celebrated the killing of predators such as cougars and foxes, they are back and they are thriving.


But all of this experience has shown us that this is still not enough. The speed and power of the climate crisis and the extinction crisis demand, I think that we change our tactics again, and this time it's gotta be on a massive scale. Yes, the parks offer refuge from the forces of industrialization, and we know ecosystems can be restored. And very importantly, we know that when people reconnect with nature, it inspires them to protect it. But at the same time, If, you think about it, parks even the massive wild parks are islands.


They're not connected. And this is a huge problem because in order to survive and become resilient, ecosystems need to be connected. Sometimes extensions of territories and sometimes as stepping stones one way or the other, flora and fauna have to be able to expand over territories as they once did. So how is this done? It requires expanding strategies into the next 20 years. We have to reconnect the wild fabric of South America, both from Chile and Argentina.


Our 30 years of conservation work is radiating up and out now reconnecting habitat and species back into one full continent. Luckily and not surprisingly, mother Nature has already built the literal roadmap to make this possible. In Chile, this means going up the entire spine of the Andes with endangered species and down the currents to Antarctica, following marine wildlife systems beyond. And this is the point, human made borders as an example of this. In Argentina, rivers are natural wildlife bridges.


So if we protect the rivers and the land around them, we create these continental scale corridors. Think of 'em as wild highways in our kind of work. There's a saying about the role of top predators that I think helps make this clearer. In our case, if Jaguars can expand their territory from north to south, east to west, then everybody else, animals, insects, flora fauna can quote, walk under their legs. And that's our goal.


And now back to the episode. So from EBITDA National Park in Argentina, we build connections across the borders in Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, Bolivia, and create biodiversity throughout the La Plata River Basin, the Yugas Cloud Forest, the Chaco Forest, the Atlantic Forest. There's no question that this is a very audacious next and new step. I'm 73, and for the first time in my business and conservation life, I know I'm not gonna see the end of this new story, but that's okay with me.


In fact, a very wise and good friend of ours, Wes Jackson, said to us years ago, if your life's work can be accomplished in your lifetime, you're not thinking big enough Today. The original teams we built have become independent organizations known as Funda and Rewilding, Chile, funda and Rewilding, Argentina. And they're continuing this work long into the future.


Sometimes people ask me what Doug would've wanted and what I would hope our legacy becomes. And I always say the same thing, as proud as we are of what we've been able to accomplish thus far, none of us spends much time looking backwards. Rather, we see all the work that we've done as a foundation to build third, fourth generations of team leaders who share a common vision with us. And that is we refuse to accept a future without wildness, without abundance and dignified human communities.


So what started as a personal journey has become a journey of many from several dedicated individuals to whole teams, generations of teams and communities who are joining the movement toward regenerative economies, followed by their offspring and their descendants. And finally, this journey is about bringing back large scale territories, keeping them safe, and finding the species who were long gone, missing the jaguars, the UL deer, the Andan Condors giant, an eaters, pumas pomp steer, the barefaced au, the Darwin's Rays, maimed wolf, marsh steel, Macau Ocelots, red footed tortoises, giant river otters.


May they thrive long into the future. They're the legacy long after our story is told. And remember, the first step in saving nature is the rewilding of our own minds. Thank you very much.


Hi, I'm Bvo Sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the bathroom gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem. So designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watsonx helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Christine McDivitt Tompkins speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot coms slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing Matino European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible, along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions that changed and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power, you need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your, there is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pocket. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent, we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What are the solutions? Well, basically the key aspect is to put your money at work. And by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy, and now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not. So search for it. Ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, How is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend, and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror, is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way, that's what we offer. And this pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store. Maybe you will see us there. What are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think, and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term, two, diversification and three progressivity dollar cost. Averaging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank you, mattess. Now let us hear the last word are The most important one. Dare. You should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you. Nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the app Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App Store and we are happy to support you in building Wealth across Europe.


Prx.