
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh playwright David Finnigan made a bold choice. About a decade ago. He created theater about climate denial, and in spending a lot of time with climate deniers, he learned one key way in which they're actually quite right. Taking the TED stage, he shares his journey to this understanding. And after the talk stick around for my interview with David. It was one of my favorite interviews I conducted at TED 2024.


It's all after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Brooks Running. My friends at Brooks sent me the amazing new Ghost sixteens. I don't know about y'all, but having new shoes, especially really lightweight ones that I like, get me out there. It's like enough motivation just to have that soft cushioning. You can take your daily joy ride in these better than ever Ghost sixteens now with nitrogen infused DNA loft V three cushioning so lightweight, so soft, it'll help you turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Visit Brooks Running dot com to learn more


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead, I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. ttd. Hello Fresh America's number one meal kit, and now our TED Talk of the day.


Hi, I'm David. I'm a playwright from Nawal Country, the unseated lands of the Nawal people in Southeast Australia. I come from a family of climate scientists and in 2014 I wrote a play entitled Kill Climate Deniers. Now the play follows the story of a group of eco terrorists who take over Australia's parliament house during a Fleetwood Mac concert and hold the entire government hostage demanding an instant end to climate change. So the story is ridiculous, but I wanted the play to start a conversation about what happens when the unstoppable force of climate change meets the immovable object of politics.


Okay, so obviously the title Kill Climate Deniers is provocative, but just to be clear, when I wrote it, I wasn't targeting anyone real. Now, thanks to the work of journalists and scientists like Naomi Oreskes, we know how climate denial began. Oil and gas companies recognized the issue of greenhouse gas emissions back in the 1950s and sixties. They set out to cast doubt on the science. They funded lobby groups, marketing firms, politicians, they astro turfed an entire climate denial movement into being. So now there's this industry of pundits and journalists who make a living denying the reality of climate change.


When I made the statement Kill Climate Deniers, I expected outrage from these people, but I did not expect pushback from the general public. And I figured there are no real climate deniers. If there are regular normal people who don't believe in climate science, they can't be that passionate. So I was very wrong. Now to begin with the play received exactly the attention I expected from exactly the people I expected. When the first production was announced in 2014, a conservative politician in my hometown of Canberra called for the play to be shut down. There were angry articles in the Murdoch Press, Breitbart Infowars, all the usual suspects in the right wing media machine.


And some of these pundits accused the play of being an incitement to terrorism. And they referred me to the police. The argument was that people would see the show and be inspired to take an entire government hostage to end climate change. Now, the theater company didn't have money for lawyers or a crisis communications team. So out of concern for the actors' safety, the production was canceled. But I didn't like backing down. It didn't feel good. I felt as if giving up on the project was like agreeing with the people attacking it, and I did not agree with them. The play was not an incitement to terrorism, but no theater company was willing to take the risk of being referred to the police.


I couldn't get it up as a show. So instead, my musician friend, Reuben Ingle, turned it into an album, Reuben sampled dialogue from the play and wove it into a series of original electronic tracks. And we toured that record around Australia. We couldn't get into theaters, so we went to nightclubs. We held dance parties. Then we launched an unauthorized covert walking tour of Parliament House. People downloaded a special version of the album on headphones and listened to the music and the story while walking around the real life setting of Australia's hall of power. Now, all of this helped to build up an audience for the project, but even more importantly, there were no real life copycats.


Not one government building was taken hostage by eco terrorists during a Fleetwood Mac concert. So four years after the original production was canceled, the play finally made it to the stage in 2018 at the Griffin Theater in Sydney, followed by productions in Prague, London, Los Angeles, and so on. Obviously I was very happy and in one version of the story, that's where it ends. This project just joins a long list of things right wing commentators have found to be outraged about, alongside Elvis smartphones, twerking, Miley Cyrus, Fortnite, the beat Generation skateboarding, Woodstock, Woodstock 99 sugary cereal, TikTok, gay marriage, NWA, feminism, the Twist, Dungeons and Dragons live journal shopping malls and women reading novels.


But as the play made its way into the world, something else started happening. I started hearing from climate deniers and not fossil fuel pundits or right wing journalists, real climate deniers, regular normal people. Now, I couldn't get my head around it like why did they care so much? Like if you're an ExxonMobil executive, then you have a financial incentive to downplay climate science. But If, you're a a high school teacher in Queensland or a a massage therapist in Massachusetts. Why would you spend your nights and weekends desperately trying to debunk earth science research?


Now turns out that although climate denial began as an AstroTurf movement created by fossil fuel companies, it caught on because it connects with a certain group of people in a very real way. I got emails, I got physical letters, I got phone calls. They started showing up to performances of the play. And as the show got bigger and bigger, there were more and more of them and they were passionate. Now, I wanted this play to start a conversation and it did just was not the conversation I thought I was starting. I ended up speaking with hundreds of climate deniers over the course of this project.


Now, some of them wanted to insult me and threaten me. Some of them wanted to tell me variations on the same gag. Like what if I wrote a play called Kill Climate Scientists? But some of them were interesting. These deniers wanted to explain to me why climate science was wrong. They had a whole worldview. They said, the reality is, David, that climate change is a made up excuse for a huge program of top down intervention. What climate activists really want is to stifle our freedoms. They want to control what we eat. They want to choke the life out of rural communities, and they want to throw the doors open to massive global migration.


Now, I wanted to respond to these people and say, I'm sorry. You're wrong. That's not what it's about. But the more I talked with them, the more I realized they're right. They are completely correct. I mean, they're not correct about climate change being a made up excuse that sadly is not true. But the consequences of climate change, yes, diets are gonna change. Yes, a lot of communities in exposed locations will be forced to leave. Yes, there will be huge movements of people within and between countries. They're right and we don't even realize how right they are.


I believe in the science of climate change, but more often than not, we go about our lives as if it's not real. We plan our careers, we build houses, we educate our children as if the future will look like the past. But the world we're educating them for no longer exists at one degree warming. We are already on a planet unlike anywhere humans have ever lived in the past. And our systems are starting to buckle under the strain. Now, whether you believe that we are sleep walking into disaster or If, you think we're gonna turn things around through high tech solutions or massive social movements. Whatever climate future You believe in our lives are gonna radically change.


Our future will not look like our past. We accept the science, but we haven't processed the consequences. We don't explicitly deny climate change, but in our actions we're like soft deniers, stealth deniers. So I'm one of these people, maybe you are too. I keep my carbon footprint as low as possible. But then I got on a plane to give this talk. I read research reports about which cities will be vulnerable in future decades to climate shocks, resource shocks, and then I forget all that and think, I just wanna buy a flat in my hometown.


If, you believe something, but you act like you don't believe it. Do you really believe it? Now, climate deniers understand the consequences of the science. So they don't accept the science. They know what it means if it's true. So they won't allow it to be true. But I think we can learn from climate deniers. I wanna be more like that high school teacher in Queensland, that massage therapist in Massachusetts, because they live what they believe. You and I, we think we know better. We are the ones in denial. And I know deep down that the longer we deny reality, the harder the shock when it hits.


Thank you. That was David Finnigan at TED 2024. And now here's my special conversation with David recorded at this year's conference. When it comes to where we are in the realization that our planet is burning, how's your morale? Okay, So this has been an interesting few years. I first became aware of what was then called the Greenhouse Effect back in the mid to late eighties. My dad is a climate scientist, so I grew up with that conversation happening kind of around the dinner table. My dad was sort of on that first round of climate scientists to be attacked by the nascent deni industry Oh wow. In the late eighties. So that was my coming to grips with this as a very young person.


And for the 30 or so years following that say 1988 to 2018, I would say the feeling was frustration and dread. And that dread is a sickening feeling. The sense that something horrific is coming down the tracks towards you, but no one in a position of agency is acknowledging the reality. And post, call it 2018, I'd say something broke loose. For better or worse, everything shifted a new wave of climate activism. I mean the US sort of centered around sunrise movement, green New Deal. Yeah. In the UK Extinction rebellion, but a much more extreme and a much more urgent wave of climate activism. That was really facing fact in the face. Things were put on the table. Yeah. That were more extreme than had ever been discussed before.


In politics, post Paris agreement and a wave of commitments in business, in politics, denial shifted as well. We moved from that old school sense of denial. It's not real to the kind of predatory delay, it's real, it's terrible and we'll do something about it in a minute. And then of course the impacts themselves escalated. Yeah. Way faster than any climb model had imagined. So things became, you know, in a lot of ways far worse, but also just we acknowledged it. The last six or seven years has felt like, okay, now there's actually a, a sense of action and and momentum. You no longer feel like you're just tied to the tracks with the train coming towards you. You mentioned in your talk that you have over the past 10, 15 years, talked to so many climate deniers.


What do you think is the motivation of this particular position to take? Yeah, I mean, If, you wanna get attacked by a sort of wing of the right. Climate deniers is the one you want. They tend to be older white men aged 50 to 70. Okay. They're relatively educated, but they're not PhD level. They tend to be middling professionals. And they're people who feel that they've been forgotten about. They're people who feel resentful. They feel that they know more than they've been given credit for. They would send me these death threat emails, but bless 'em. They would forget to get rid of their email signatures, which would have their personal home addresses and phone numbers on them. It sucks, but also you're being like gummed at by these old men with no teeth. It's never a great feeling being attacked on mass. And there is a sort of body of people who have more agency and authority in that space are making kind of money off that wave of climate.


Denies that, denies themselves, I'd say are not that threatening. And mostly you felt sorry for them. But there is this legitimate sense that they have that actually what's being put forward by climate change and climate activists is a radical restructuring of all of our society and a removal of a lot of the things that they, and we take for granted. Alright, Let's go to the play. You describe Kill Climate Deniers as an action movie wrapped in a TED talk. We are at TED. What is the TED talk component of the work? The play and most of my work is just, is just trash. So the play is a kind of action movie. It's a delight because you have this sort of ridiculous plot and this ridiculous sort of genre comedy.


You can actually have a lot of thoughtful material kind of hanging from that scaffolding. There's room for that, there's space for that. 'cause everyone understands the kind of plot beats. And as long as those plot points are delivered to you in a satisfying and unexpected way when they arrive, then you've got a lot of room and flex in that night to say, okay, well let's pause for a second. The kind of TED talk element actually emerged over the course of the writing. When I first wrote it, it was this quite simple, ridiculous comedy. But very quickly there came this backlash. The first person to come at me was this politician who called for the play's funding to be revoked, called for the play to be shut down. And it so happened that I had already pre-written a kind of fictional politician speech opening the play, which was talking about how this play needed to be shut down.


Wow, that's so meta. You had already predicted what was going to happen. He then quoted that opening speech almost line for Lion, And you were like, dude, that was satire. Obviously you call something Kill Climate Deniers, and you're putting a statement in the world that you can't control. Sure. Any performance work of art exists, at least on two levels. There's the, the experience of the audience in the room. And as a theor artist, you can control that to a pretty significant degree, what the lights are doing, what the people at the stage are saying. And then there's this world of outside that the conversation that's happening around the work, and you have very little control of that. That's happening in reviews, it's happening in publicity, it's happening on social media. In the case of Kill Climate Deniers, the conversation around the work was vastly bigger than the work itself.


And 99% of the people who were talking about the play, were talking about the title and their idea of the play without ever seeing the play. Of course, the theater show is pretty limited in terms of how many people get through the door. And maybe it's a few hundred, a few thousand people come and see this show. Thousands or millions of people hear this title and talk about it online. You know, I could choose to be, oh, people just needed to see the play, to understand the, the depth and complexity of all of my intelligent points. But in reality, of course, the statement Kill Climate Deniers was far bigger and more direct and no kind of claim of, oh, it's a very intelligent satire. The play itself, none of that matters. What was said was Kill Climate Deniers. That was the conversation. And so very quickly that conversation moved outside of my control.


Yeah. And any conversation around it at work of art exists outside of the artist's control. Very quickly it moved to being, okay, this is something that the Murdoch press is debating. This is something that pundits and journalists are talking about. This is something that Alex Jones' Infowars has their own stance on. And then the guardians having their response to what Infowars have to say about the work. The only option you have as an artist is you are either in that conversation or you're completely removed. And I just wanted to remain in the conversation. Yeah. And You prefer to be in it. You have very intentionally chosen to engage and in fact incite a response. Why? I mean to see, right? Like the Guardian Commentary Act, or very much like, no, actually you've done a bad thing.


You have caused harm. You have actually made the world a worse place by putting this statement out there. I'm not actually that interested in defending myself in the work. I think there is, there's a much more interesting question. If it is the wrong thing to do, that's probably more interesting. I'd be more curious to find out what you can learn from making that mistake. Sure. One very simple way of reading the Kill Climate denies project is I made a mistake and the whole rest of the work is me trying to reckon with that mistake. But some works of art have a very clear intent. Yeah. And other works of art, you might think of as like a rock thrown into a pond. And the ripples from that rock splash reveal the shape of that pond. And what Kill Climate, Deniers revealed was the contours and dynamics of this kind of climate culture war that was operating in the sort of mid 2010s when this all happened.


So you did throw the rock in the pond, and what kind of understanding do you feel like it ultimately led to? The summary that I came to in the journey is actually where this TED talk started. It's this notion that climate deniers actually understand that the consequences of the science, and therefore they don't accept the science. They know what it means. If it's true, they can't allow it to be true. Whereas we, and I say myself, people like me often accept the science, but perhaps haven't processed the consequences. But in that sense, they do believe that climate change is happening and that it's real. They're certainly, the stakes for them are incredibly high. They're passionate 'cause they know that everything right now is, is at stake the way we organize our society in the comings at decades and centuries.


Okay. Playwright, David Finnigan, thank you so much. Thank you.


Support for TED. Talks Daily is from progressive home of the name your price tool. You can say how much you wanna pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. It's easy to start a quote. Visit progressive.com to get started. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, price and coverage match limited by state law.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With watsonx, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


If, you are curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. PRX.