
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member DC.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We know that we have to reduce carbon emissions quickly and at a massive scale if we are to stop climate change from getting any worse. But can we do this without destroying industries and cutting jobs? Cement entrepreneur, Ryan Gilliam says that we must work with industries rather than fight against them. Coming up how to create zero carbon building materials that can compete in today's market and how this approach can be a model for other industries on a warming planet.


To solve climate change, we have to focus on the big emissions. I'm talking the gigatons. Billions of tons of greenhouse gases coming from industries like steel or chemicals or energy or what I focus on cement. Think of it as the gluing concrete, which is the second most consumed thing on the earth. Second only to water. Cement alone accounts for roughly 8% of the world's CO2 emissions. So if it were a country, it would be producing more emissions than India and sit in third place just behind the United States. We have to solve for those emissions. So I have good news. We can actually reduce or eliminate those emissions if we focus on technologies that actually work within the existing cement ecosystem.


Look, cement and concrete are risk averse industry for good reason. It's going into bridges and tunnels and buildings where performance and safety matter. So if we're gonna have a meaningful impact on the CO2 emissions in this space, we have to focus on what, or we have to leverage what the industry already does incredibly well. And that comes down to really four things. First is leveraging the same feedstocks that are already used at every cement plant and are already at the billions of tons scale. Second is leveraging as much of the capital infrastructure from quarry through to product distribution that's already in place to drive down costs and timelines. Third is producing a product that actually fits within the existing regulations so that contractors will be comfortable putting that product to market.


And fourth and most importantly is producing a product that's economically competitive with traditional cement without a green premium. So in order to understand how to actually achieve this, we have to look at cement in a little bit more detail. Why is it actually so CO2 intensive? Well, the main ingredient in cement is limestone. Limestone is a type of rock that is actually 44% by weight solid CO2. And so to make cement, you put that limestone into a kiln and you heat it up to 1,450 degrees Celsius using fossil fuels like coal and gas. The whole reason why you're heating it up is to actually drive those CO2 out of that limestone. So not only do you have the emissions from the carbon fuels, you also have the emissions from the limestone itself.


So how did it get there in the first place? Well, that's where the company I run today got its inspiration from a company that started 17 years ago called Cera. Cera took its cues from nature and how nature forms its building blocks. So if you look at coral reefs and shells in nature, what actually happens is you absorb CO2 in the ocean and make this reactive form of limestone, these little ball structures called derite. And when you do that, you end up making this beautiful white powder that is actually 44% by weight CO2. And when you add water to it, it's gonna want to transform back to orite or calcite going through a cementing reaction.


So what this allows us to do is take CO2 from being a waste and actually put it into the product. It's a brilliant concept. So problem solved, right? Unfortunately, no. The concept worked technically, but it wasn't grounded in economics and it was competitive as opposed to additive to the cement space. So we had to look at the problem in another way. How do we use that or how do we fit within the existing cement industry, as is today making a product that's cheap enough and can actually get to the gigatons of savings? And so what we figured out is we could take that technology and put out existing cement kilns alongside existing cement manufacturers. In doing so, we can bolt onto the back of the process, capture the CO2 gas coming out of the kiln with the lime that we produce from that, that limestone and produce this product that can, that can then be blended with traditional cement or utilized as a hundred percent cement replacement.


By actually capturing that product and turning it back, capturing that CO2 and turning it back into a product, we effectively double the amount of product we make, which is what makes it economically competitive. So a little bit comically, we're taking limestone and we're turning it back into limestone, but we're going from an inert rock to a form of limestone that is actually a cement. And in doing so, we're able to reduce CO2 emissions by 70% per ton when still using the fossil fuels. And if we integrate with clean electricity or green fuels, we get all the way to a zero CO2 cement. So by dropping directly into existing plants, utilizing the existing pro product distribution channels, we can work with the big cement players that already understand how to get to scale and how to get to cheap cost.


And that's how we get to gigaton reductions. And this is real. While Forterra is only a 4-year-old company, we're able to scale quickly to our first commercial plant because we've worked with the industry. Our plant in Northern California came online earlier in 2024 and prove this ability to bolt onto an existing plant and make a product that the industry can actually use. And we're not stopping there with plans to scale globally. And thankfully, we're also not alone. There's a host of other companies working on trying to solve emissions in cementing concrete, but our secret sauce is fitting within the existing cement ecosystem and developing, developing a product that's better from a pollution standpoint, while at the same time providing all the performance you need and that the contractors can work with.


By scaling this way and working with the industry, we can get to these gigaton of savings. So again, by working with industry as opposed to competing with industry, we can pave the way to zero CO2 cement and solve the 4 billion tons coming from the cement industry in the next few decades. Thank you. That was Ryan Gilliam at TED Countdown's Dilemma event in Brussels in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One. NA member FDIC.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want Soft Sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.