
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you, our listeners, so much better. Head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show.


So you just started using LinkedIn Premium, now what? Well, on your premium company page, you noticed around seven and a half times more page engagement and five times more page views. Well done. And now new clients are messaging you all because you're using LinkedIn Premium, which helps you get the business growth you want. Think big, small business, think big. Start your free trial at LinkedIn dot com slash premium small business. That's LinkedIn dot com slash premium Small business.


Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy. Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts and they don't pay a dime in US taxes. If there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs innovation and growth.


Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.


This episode is sponsored by monday.com. Let's face it. Work today moves fast. But monday.com is here to help with their work management product, which enables you to reach your full potential. It's built for more than just marketing teams. It connects entire organizations to gain full visibility, make better decisions, and bridge the gap between strategy and execution. The platform gives you real time insights into campaigns, content and projects. So you can see what's working. Shift gears when needed and make data backed decisions without the guesswork. You'll go from being reactive to strategic plus with built-in AI capabilities. Monday Work Management helps your team work smarter, not harder, harder. Maximize your marketing impact with the first work product you and your team will love to use. Visit us@monday.com to learn more.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. It's a question that continues to be relevant maybe now more than ever. If democracy depends on discourse. How do we have constructive conversations in a time of great polarization in this wonderful 2023 talk from our archives writer and comedian Jordan Klepper offers humorous and I'll add helpful tips on how to have these conversations. This is a fun one. When TED asked me to be a part of this democracy event, I was flattered when they told me it was a pro-democracy event.


I paused like, really? We still think this is a good idea giving everyone a voice. Have you talked to everyone? One in 10 Americans believe chocolate milk comes from brown cows. We want those people weighing in on foreign policy. I guess if democracy is hearing from the voice of the people, consider me skeptical of that conversation because I think we're incapable of having it any conversation and not just in America globally, we're tuning people out. Frankly, we're bad at talking to other people. Didn't always used to be this way.


In the old days, it came naturally. We would Talks Odoo folks, we would negotiate over food or childcare so your kid didn't get eaten by a bear or run off and invent fire. But since then it's gotten harder. More difficult. Screens have placed an impediment between people and thought partisanship has made. Talking to someone outside of your own POV traumatic, now talking to somebody with a different point of view than yourself is to be avoided at all costs. It's like paying taxes like you should do it, but If you can avoid it, it makes you smart. It's an awful time for conversations. So much so that even right now I've opted for a lecture, I won't be taking questions.


I find it easier to speak at you. So how do we get here? Well, as someone in their forties, I'm legally obligated to point the finger at social media. The cultural conversations we have are dictated by the forums we have them in and all of those forums, they just push us towards short, loud outbursts, maximum volume, short duration. Now, even right now, this TED talk is only seven minutes. I remember when TED Talks used to be 18 minutes long. Now you have to communicate the economics between behind climate catastrophe and the time it takes for a potty break.


Not great guys, not great. I remember the good old days when TED Talks used to be Theodore discussions. You know, a year from now they're just gonna be tease gifts. So how do we get better talking to one another if democracy depends on discourse on compromise, how do we have civil conversations? Well, the long answer is destroy the bias of social media and the cesspool of misinformation that is propagated by the entertainment machine that dominates our politics and discourse. I could tell you how to do that, but TED only gave me seven minutes.


So sorry. Maybe next time it would've cleared everything up. But in the four minutes, well the four minutes we have left, I'll give you a few tips of what you can do now. So three tips for how to be slightly better at talking to a human. You disagree with one, read a book easy. You know you're not as smart as you think you are. Get inside the head of someone else and make it a long book. We need to expand our attention beyond just tiktoks two travel. Mark Twain said it best. You know, bias is reduced by travel.


It's the easiest way as a, as a kid who grew up in Michigan, I hated Ohio. And then I traveled there and you know what? I still hate Ohio, but now I know what Akron smells like. So I guess progress, I think and three, concede something. That's a biggie. Concession. You have to give something up. You're not as smart as you think you are. Concession is crucial to democracy. To concede comes from the Latin consensus, which means to find agreement. And If you challenge me on that, I would concede because I totally made that up.


That's how this thing works. You know, even upstanding, charismatic, people like myself are full of shit. Like, like many of us. I find my desire to be seen as smart outweighs my desire to shut up when I dunno what I'm talking about. It's hard for Americans to shut up when they don't know what they're talking about. When you make politics a sport, then everything becomes win or lose. Every conversation becomes a negotiation over field position. Our guards are up, we're defensive, we're afraid of getting punched in the face. We think our our strongest weapon is our certainty. But the most relatable thing about us is our failure as no one here been to therapy.


It's all there. And democracy in a bipartisan country is like a marriage. And in America, we are at the couple's counseling phase. America, you've made some mistakes. Republicans, maybe vaccines aren't the work of the devil Democrats. Maybe Portland does suck. Canada. Canada, it's 2023. You can't call your police Mounties. Alright, we're imperfect. We have to accept that. It's hard to say you don't know, but it can also be liberating. Like I don't know how to throw away batteries.


I know. I don't know what 40% chance of rain means. Does it mean it's 40% chance it will rain or that it's going to rain only 40%? Chances hard I, I don't know. I don't know. I don't. But it's liberating. We need to, we need to concede a little on everything except for gun safety reform. That's a no brainer. But everything else can see. And climate see, it's tough. It's hard. It's hard. We're not very good at it. It's not popular to concede in America. There's a big chunk of the population right now who hasn't conceded the last presidential election.


It's hard to give any ground when you can't agree that the earth you stand on is either round or flat, but, but perhaps a gesture of understanding, if not towards irrefutable facts, but to your own uncertainty is a step towards progress. I think the phrase, I don't know, invites a softening and the ground is too hard to grow much of anything right now. What I think in order for American democracy to survive, we need a culture of vulnerability or at least a space in that culture for vulnerability.


The good news is being wrong is sexy. Failure is an aphrodisiac. Every person who has ever loved me has told me how much of a loser I am. The proof is in the pudding. And if conceding is too much for you, if that feels weak, okay, don't think of it as conceding. Think of it as gamesmanship. You're setting a trap. Trap them with your vulnerability, hypnotize them with their humility, distract them with your failure. And as they begin to reveal themselves to you in your uncertainty, smash those fools In the game of democracy. In order to win, we may have to start with a loss, but what do I know?


I could be wrong. Thank you. That was Jordan Klepper at a TED Democracy event in New York City. This talk was first published in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan.


Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation Funding? Shadowy. Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court. And American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.


Your business is digital. Why isn't your mail meet stable? A virtual address and mailbox that digitizes your physical mail so you can read it, act on it, and manage everything from forwarding packages to depositing checks. All from stable, secure online dashboard. Whether your team is remote or just inundated with envelopes, stable makes it easy for operations, admin teams and founders to manage mail at scale. Try it at use stable.com/pod to unlock 50% off your first three months of a grow or scale plan. That's use stable.com/pod. Your business moves fast, your mail should too.


Hey, It's Paige from Giggly Squad. Real Talk. If there's one store that I absolutely love walking around, it's Sephora. It's my total guilty pleasure. They have amazing brands that other people don't have, and I find something great every time I walk in and there's literally one down the street from me. So I do that a lot. It's so fun to shop in the store and online and the products are just too good. No regrets ever. For example, one of my favorite beauty brands is Makeup by Mario, who just launched his new lip gloss that I absolutely love. So the next time you're in the market for Great Beauty shop, all the hottest products and brands only at Sephora.