
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, y'all. We have a real treat today from multidisciplinary artist Tai Guo Chang. He doesn't speak English, he speaks Mandarin Chinese, but thanks to advancements in AI from developer Tom Graham and his team at Metaphysic Tai was able to speak about his art In his native tongue, and have it real time translated into his voice by translator song law for one of the most memorable experiences at TED and recent memory, but don't take my word for it.


The folks who saw it agree. The Artist was actually one of the most profound talks this week. The profundity is coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC


Support for the show comes from Brooks Running. My friends at Brooks sent me the amazing new Ghost sixteens. I don't know about y'all, but having new shoes, especially really lightweight ones that I like, get me out there. It's like enough motivation just to have that soft cushioning. You can take your daily joyride in these better than ever Go sixteens now with nitrogen infused DNA loft V three cushioning so lightweight, so soft, it'll help you turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Visit Brooks Running dot com to learn more


Support for this show comes from Hello Fresh with HelloFresh, you get Farm Fresh, pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead, I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner, and so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit


side.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/sidedo.


And now our TED talk of the day. Chen. More than 1000 years ago when Chinese chemists were developing elixir of immortality, one recipe caused an explosion. They named their discovery fire medicine, the Chinese word for gunpowder. From the very beginning, gunpowder has been about accidents, loss of control and destruction, but it's also being about the healing power announcing energies. I dreamed of becoming an artist when I was little, but like my father, who was an avid painter himself, I was cautious and timid.


Caution is a fine quality in life, but not so in art. And Chinese society was also very controlling when I was young, so I longed for an artistic medium that could help me free myself and lose control. I came from an Asian city in southeast China called Chino. The city had many firecracker factories when I was young, so it was easy to get gun powder. When I first began using gun powder to create art, I would lay out a canvas in the living room and set up smart explosions on it. Seeing the canvas on fire one day, my grandmother threw a leaner rack over the flame and put it out with a small puff.


It was my grandma who taught me that while it's important to light fires, it's more important to know how to put them out. Over the decades I've run closer to gum powder and mastered more techniques. My creations forever oscillate between destruction and construction, control and freedom, dictatorship and democracy. For example, I first painted my imagination of paradise, a mirage of temptations. I exploded Color Gump powder to create essential and dazzling garden. So beautiful that I didn't want to lay your finger on it.


However, I picked up my courage and a scattered black hand powder all over this beauty covered it with a blank canvas and ignited again, done. When I removed the canvas on top, the ones enc ching garden was now forever sealed beneath the black. What shocked me the most was the canvas on top, which now looked like an operation of that heavenly garden. At the end of 1986, I moved to Japan, my cosmology, which still then was a simple one developed by star gazing and studying. Feng suddenly expanded to include the latest developments in modern astrophysics.


As a young artist from China, my growing experiences with getting visas around the world inspired me to explode a chain of big footprints that traverses the earth. The footprints would evoke extraterrestrials racing across several kilometers, bam, bam, ba, in only a field strides ignoring artificial borders and disappearing into the distance. After decades of attempt around the world, this concept was finally realized as 29 footprints fireworks. At opening ceremony of the 2008 Beijing apics, the big footprints walked across the 15 kilometers central axis of Beijing, like an invisible giant in the sky, witnessed by 1.5 billion people in person and through live broadcasts.


This work symbolized the eras idealistic delusion of globalization. In the early nineties, I conceived the work titled Sky Letter, a letter made of fireworks that would connect to heaven and earth. I made many failed attempts to realize the idea. Over 21 years, the difficulty of the project laying its technical requirements. We needed a million billion of over 6,000 cubic meters in order to raise a ladder as high as a world trade center. Once up, the balloon could easily be blown away, and because it would carry lots of dangerous materials, we had to acquire numerous permits for land, sea, and air.


In my hometown, it said that 500 meters is the height of the clouds, so the ladder symbolized a useful dream of reaching for the stars and touching the clouds. I've created so much art around the world, but my grandma has never seen any of them in person, so I was determined to do something awesome for her to see. One morning in 2015 at the crack of dawn, a golden ladder rose into the sky. It was a birthday present for my grandmother to turn 100.


That year, she passed away. One month later in 1995, I moved from Japan to New York with my wife and daughter. After I came to New York, my work became more site specific, addressing more social political themes and reflecting the changes I've developed from a living in the West. This transition also allowed me to better thrive in different cultures around the world. Some have asked why I never deal with the subject of sex.


I would often say, isn't explosion sexy in itself? 10 years ago, I was invited to create an artwork in Paris. I decided to invite 50 couples from around the world to a sightseeing boat on the scene where they would first enjoy a 12 minute fire with display that simulates the process of love making. Why 12 minutes? Because that seems to be the average duration of French love lovemaking. According to the internet, excited by the passionate climax of the fireworks.


The couples then entered individual tents to do whatever they wanted. When satisfied, they could press a button and trigger fireworks from a small boat nearby. I had prepared 300 shots of fireworks, however, the couples didn't use them all. In the end, the fireworks spelled out towards, sorry, gotta go. And now back to the episode.


Nighttime fireworks are visible because of light and are more focused on the explosions themselves. Daytime fireworks rely on smoke. They're like a painter's brush moving across the sunlight sky. In real time in Shanghai, I realized the daytime fireworks allergy lamenting the severe environmental problems China faces on the day. Clouds loom the Lao over the Hufu river, and the fireworks smoke lingered in the air long afterwards, like an ink painting with its gentle. So for my solo exhibition at Ozi Galleries, I created fireworks in the shapes of flowers and the plants from Renaissance paintings.


People from across the city could see the fireworks as they launched from the que jaw square reigniting the spirit of the Renaissance. Last year, I realized the project when the sky blames with URA in Fukushima, which suffered the earthquake and tsunami 12 years ago. On the June day, we had a rare collaboration of the winds and the waves to realize these daytime fireworks like a symphony of reverence for nature. I've realized over 600 solo exhibitions and projects worldwide, often facing numerous challenges such as weather conditions, legal regulations, and social political hurdles.


But such as the nature of my art, Behind the momentary magic lies countless unknown factors. Gum potter and I have been travel companions on a 40 year long fantastical journey. Yet I have never grown tired of it thanks to its uncertainty and uncontrollability, and it's the same fascination with the unforeseeable that led to my research in artificial intelligence that began in 2017. This led to the lungs of my AI's high. My custom AI model AI's high deep learns from my artworks archives and areas of interest.


It also mimics contemporary and historical figures. I admire developing distinct personas. They can debate with each other, forming an independent and free community. AI ties my artwork, but it's also a partner for dialogue and collaboration in the future. It may even create art by itself. Recently, we also enabled AI's high to sprinkle and ignite gum powder on canvases. Nowadays, if I burst through a canvas, it's really an intentional loss of control for effect. But when AI high burst something, it's a genuine accident.


Perhaps AI high is that rest clumsy boy high. People often assume that I like fireworks, but what I really like our explosions, I like their energy and magic. Over the years, the goal of my gum hot creations has never been political, but their results do carry political significance. At a recent Nobel Prize event, I said, using explosions to create beauty rather than warfare and violence provides a sliver of hope for our shared human future.


Kaha helped me shed my timid personality and liberate myself in a repressive society. It's uncertainty makes me both uneasy and exhilarated. That's similar to my interactions with ai. The unknown and uncontrollable aspects of AI are indeed unsettlingly. But today, as contemporary art seems weak and conservative, I hope that AI can help me unleash creativity, transcending the current dimensions of human cognition. Can AI reveal heavenly secrets and open a door to enter species civilizations for us?


If the disruptive nature of gun harder can bring hope to people through the beauty of explosions, then can the unsettling power of AI do the same? Bringing hope to mankind's feature by expanding the unknown world, I'm always at the beginning of the next great journey. Thank you everyone, and thank you. ai.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself. At omg yes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With watsonx, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge, so remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Tai Guo Chang at TED 2024 If. You're curious about Ted's curation. Find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PR.