
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise. Hugh. Okay, here's a wild stat. A third of the world's food production goes to waste, which is a big contributor to climate change. In his 2024 talk. Climate champion Gonzalo Munoz sheds light on negotiating international pledges to make food supply part of a climate solution rather than its cause that's coming up after a break.


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn. Where are my B2B marketers out there? If, you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ads base can be, which means if your message isn't targeted to a specific audience and the right audience that you're looking for, it can just easily disappear into the noise. But with LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the pros who are more likely to find your ad relevant. LinkedIn has targeting capabilities so that you can reach the folks you're looking for by job title, industry, company, and more filters. So you can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads. Today. LinkedIn ads will let you build the right relationships, drive results, and reach your customers in an environment where a lot of your customers are hanging out. Because you will have direct access to and network with decision makers, a billion members, 130 million decision makers and 10 million C-level executives, you can start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be teams with big ideas.


Start in Jira, the only project management tool you need to plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping us in sync to deliver the big ideas our listeners love. And there's a lot more that teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key so that we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need to make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea today in Jira.


Support for this podcast comes from Odoo. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


And now our TED talk of the day. So when we speak about climate negotiations, intergovernmental processes, we always think that the people working there are of course, diplomats, ministers, politicians, right? Well, last year I was asked by the United Arab Emirates, the country that was in charge of the climate negotiations to help deliver a significant progress in the connection between food and climate. My name is Gonzalo Munoz. I'm a farmer from Chile, and definitely it's a pleasure to be with all of you here today. So back in the farm, I've been dealing with water scarcity for the last 15 years. We've seen firsthand how much climate change is affecting and reducing our capacity to produce, as well as how much our conventional practices are contributing to the problem.


That, of course, inspired us to innovate. So for example, producing the best 2020 3 trillion zero with only one liter of water instead of an average of 240 liters as a normal practice in the region where we are. I also got very much involved in the global promotion of circular economy as well as with certification standards for companies that meet the highest performance in social and environmental practices. So-called B Corps probably because of that. In 2019, the Chilean government invited me to serve as the United Nations high level climate action champion. And in that role I had to mobilize all non-state actors. Of course, companies like mine, but as well as cities, some national governments, financial institutions, civil society, anyone that can deliver concrete action in the ground and through that push for governments for them also to take bolder action on climate.


But there I noticed that there was something missing. The broader food system from the way we produce, distribute, consume, even the way we're wasting our food has a huge impact in the climate crisis. As you all probably know, food and agriculture are really complex topics. I bet we won't find two people in this room that have exactly the same understanding and relationship with food, whether it's because of health reasons or it can be because of ideology or religion or culture, or even because of taste. Well, same thing happens with countries. For some countries, the number one priority is food security. Where some communities, they deeply rely on agricultural commodities like cotton or beef or soy.


So part of the problem as well is that the food system nowadays is not fit for purpose. At this precise moment in history, there are 800 million people around that number of people hungry, and at the same time, we're wasting and losing about one third of the food production. Our food system is both causing climate change and being severely affected by the climate crisis. Of course, it's also a system that is confronting many different challenges like a pandemic, right, or conflict or disruptive supply chain. So droughts, all types of shocks and stresses. So at this point, you can imagine that food and agriculture are really political topics, right?


And of course we can no longer delay. So I have some news to share with all of you. In 2023, led by the United Arab Emirates and with the help of so many brilliant people, we tried a new approach. And that mean that we work with the UAE Food and Agriculture Declaration to ensure the highest political recognition that food must move from being a source of pollution and degradation to become one of the most important tools for climate action, benefiting both people and the planet. And now back to the episode, Well, have you any of you tried ever to agree with your neighbors on something like whatever, paint the communal walls and decide the color hard, right?


Well try to agree on food and a agriculture with 200 countries. Yeah, we should luck. When we started this plan, we set ourselves a goal of let's try to put together triple digit 100 heads of state signing in the UA declaration at the end. We not have only 100, but 159 heads of state signing the UA declaration on Food and Agriculture. That and counting that is absolutely thank you. That is massive and honestly, absolutely unprecedented how we did it. And most importantly, how can we accelerate progress? First, focus on people building the resilient of food producers, farmers, Fisher folks, anyone that is producing our food for those people to thrive despite of the climate crisis and become real effective stewards of nature.


Second, set a goal, but not prescribe how to get there. Every country is facing different circumstances. We have to respect that and allow every country to design their pathway and of course, ask them to set precise goals and targets. Third, we need of course, to reflect on the diversity and com and complexity of food systems. Every region has a different starting point on the other side. During this process, real economy actors started to discuss what a food system, not non-state actor call to action could look like. So with the leadership of the high level champions and building on the experience of several experiences that that happened before, we started to get a very careful consultation process with many, many stakeholders from all around the world.


From small holder farmers to big multinational corporations on food, from indigenous communities to commercial banks, to concretely have a common vision and a set of 10 priority goals to ensure climate action. Amazingly, more than 1,000 groups of non set actors endorse the call to action and with more and more endorsing every day as we continue rallying them towards the next cycle of negotiations. So suddenly we were in front of what we can call potentially an ambition loop. It's a positive virtuous loop between states and non-state actors where countries strongly agree on something, they send the message to the real economy, where some non set actors immediately react by raising the bar with concrete examples.


That act of leadership, proving that it can be done immediately sends back the message to the politician, encouraging them for also raising the bar through policymaking. That's what we trigger in the run up and during the negotiations in Dubai. So now we have these two pledges. It's great, but it's not enough. We know that and many of us, many here in the room and myself have a mission to continue to mobilizing action. As we envision this next cycle of negotiations towards 2025 and Brazil and beyond, there will be many, many things that are needed, right? But lemme refer to a few of them that comes to my mind as critical.


First, we have to stop damaging nature. Our food system depends and rely on functional and healthy ecosystems and resources. Second, we need to scale all forms of finance for the transition towards sustainable food system. But at the same time for innovating, changing the incentives, and at the same time for securing just transition for everyone, we also need to develop all types of metrics, goals, and targets for countries to own them. So we can also hold governments to account when we measure progress. Of course, we will need much more than that, but just with that, we can start envisioning the start of this new ambition loop just like we had in the previous decades with renewable energy.


And of course, I have my ambition looping my farm too, right? We will continue working on innovating on practices for reducing the need of water. We will continue working on regeneration with endangered species. We'll continue using renewable energy. And let's imagine what happens when those practices are packed and therefore scale up to the size of a country like Chile. And you have more and more farmers, more and more businesses, more and more value chains, adopting those practices. All of a sudden we can have a global food system that is fit for purpose, nourishing everyone while restoring the earth. That's the ambition loop I want to see. Gracias.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are the things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If. you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the bathroom gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Gonzalo Munoz recorded for Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


PR.