
They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side. Sleep number, smart Beds start at $999 Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.


Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder navigating your first audit or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year in benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED Audio. That's VANT a.com/ TED audio for $1,000 off.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I got to meet today's speaker, Faisal Saeed al Mater when we were both giving our talks in the same TED conference session last fall. So I'm super excited to introduce his talk on international aid and development. He is a specialist in this area and in this talk he made me think about it in entirely new ways. Enjoy. My name is Fa del. I was born and raised in Iraq, in the city of Babylon, grew up in academic family. My dad is a doctor, my mom is a lawyer and I'm the failure.


So the person who's giving a TED talk here is the failure of the family. So I grew up in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, and Malaysia. And I've seen firsthand the cost of talent and the fact that they were forced to leave their homes. So the subject of lifting people up and the subject of international development is not just theoretical. Academic subject for me is what I think about the whole time. As you probably know, the United States has been trillions of dollars in the wars of Iraq and Afghanistan only to replace Saddam Hussein with Iran and the Taliban. With the Taliban a greater type of investment, right? So I started looking, I started asking questions and I found that the current system of aid is filled with corruption.


Too many middleman, too many gatekeepers, and the money hardly makes it to the people that intends to help. So the intention and the big picture is good, but to really actually get help is very difficult. And according to the World Bank, it can cost up to $20,000 to create one job in international development. There is still better investment than Twitter or Theranos, but still that is a lot of money wasted. And but we also found, and that's the good news, is that almost half of the people in the region say that they intend to start a business in the next five years. That is millions of innovators, millions of entrepreneurs, millions of creatives who would have their skills wasted if we don't invest in them.


So I started thinking about what if we actually redefine the model of aid? What if we actually redefine the purpose of aid and instead of just being a do good bureaucracy to actually remove the barriers and and define the purpose of aid as moving people towards normalcy, meaning moving people toward the world of supply and demand. And we did just that. So we made it very easy for people to actually get funds and that's the the process that we follow. And also to think about investment. We think about the one that can stimulate economic growth and also to fight the corruption crisis. And I'll call it the corruption disease in most of the Middle East, we actually make it one grant per one person.


So in that way there is little system of favoritism, little system of trying to choose people who are connected to the political elite and have and have it forward. So that being said, what we found was really amazing. We found that the moment we move people towards that they're former accountable to their own communities, not to us. This is a story of one of the great stories that we supported, which is a founder of Hake Hasham. Hakim is the founder of Lego. He's in the city of Mossel, which is used to be what Isis declared the Cate. And he founded a a taxi female company. And now with the $3,000, I kid you not, he now hires more than 57 people. So think about the return of investment. And he is not alone. He is actually one of 250 projects we supported.


Ha Hamada is a Syria refugee who lives in Turkey. Hani is a self-learner, Heer Turkish. And he was, you know what, I'm gonna start a business that teaches Turkish to new immigrants. And then he built up a business. And with the $3,000, he also now has 33 people staff, all of them are refugees teaching Turkish. So look at the new model with $1 million, we were able to create 35,000 jobs compared to the old model that you can only create 50 jobs. So which one, which investment is better? Okay, this is, that's like straightforward, right? And what's also amazing, after we actually tried that, we saw that the variation of this model is already being filled right now in Ukraine, in some parts of India, some parts of Africa.


So we're not only ones doing it, and the listening of of my talk is aid doesn't have to be costly to be effective. You might actually be wondering right now, why am I talking about aid development and innovation while the Middle East is at war right now? And the answer is the old methods and the old and the past is actually what got us here. By focusing on the future, by focusing on innovation, entrepreneurship, I believe we can transform the region from a region that is filled with conflict and war to a region that people decide to stay and invest in, to invest in talent other than place that people escape. Thank you so much TED. Thank go.


That was Faisal Saeed Al Mutar at TED next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft sleep number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side. Sleep number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in Allstate.


If your Job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, you know, prevention is the best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Grainger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them. From disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment so you can help deliver a clean bill of health. Call 1-800-GRANGER, click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.