
As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career? Be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown s Cs, the learning never stops and neither do you be continued@scs.georgetown.edu slash TED.


What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses or find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


Welcome to Peloton where change is a six letter word that starts with you, but don't just be the change you wish to see. Work at it, run at it, lift at it, and even keep at it. With Pelotons all Access membership, you don't ever have to dip out on a workout unless you're squatting. Track your progress, set pace targets, and if you're ready to lift, download the Peloton Strength Plus app. Okay, this is the fun part. This is fitness but personal. So see you on the Peloton tread@onepeloton.com. Find your push, find your power Peloton.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh Conflict. It's an unavoidable part of any relationship from interpersonal to inter international relations, but what if the point of arguing isn't to win, but to grow from the experience in HER 2024 talk patterns? Thinker, Daria Sheik asks us to imagine what might be possible if we see conflict as a seed for positive change, that if handled in the right way, conflict could lead us to a place of innovation, creativity, and maybe even hope that's coming up.


What if we could have better conflicts? What if instead of causing us to rage or numb or end relationships, our conflicts could spark innovation, creativity, even hope? I've worked across contested spaces for as long as I can remember. I spent a decade alongside Palestinians and Israelis who are fighting for just and viable peace. Today, my work ranges from corporate culture change through to reimagining the ecosystem of humanitarian aid. My role is to create the conditions that allow people to have better conversations, better conflicts about the things that really matter, and find new pathways for collaboration. And in my 20 years of doing this work, I've come across a tool which I'd like to share with all of you today that served as a skeleton key to unlock trust and transformation.


I wanna give you an example from my corporate work. Now, I know people love to hate banking, but bear with me. A few years ago I was asked by the president of a global finance firm to do a closed door strategy session with his new team. They were undergoing a complex, messy merger and it was clear that while a lot of attention was being placed on the technical integration, that the culture needed real work. There were tensions and power struggles, passive aggression and narratives of the other forming. Sound familiar? My job in that room was to build enough trust and provide a shared language so that this group of 15, more than a little skeptical individuals could consider why there might be more value in changing than staying as they are.


To do that, we used a futures tool called Three Horizons to help them engage from a place of mutual respect to see their shared value, and instead of looking at the merger like something that was happening to them to find their collective agency. In shaping it, I was first introduced to Three Horizons by a very special futures practitioner named Bill Sharp and his colleagues at the International Futures Forum. It's been used on carbon pricing, tackling childhood obesity, and building regenerative business strategies. So how does it work? It starts with two lines on a page at the bottom. We have time starting in the present at the bottom left and going out into the future.


On the vertical axis, we have the dominant pattern. The way things work, the further up the line we go, the more commonplace or prevalent things are. This is horizon one. It's the business as usual horizon. The way our world works today, we rely on this horizon to be stable and consistent, but as the world changes, horizon one shows signs of strain and is no longer fit for purpose and falls away in its dominance. Then you have horizon three, the future we're heading towards When it comes to change, this is the pattern that will take over from the first horizon, but it isn't just out there in the future.


There are pockets of the third horizon in the present moment. Think of self-driving cars or robots on our factory floors, and in the middle you have the bridge of horizon two. How we get from here to there, this liminal space is the zone of innovation and entrepreneurship. Some of it will lead to incremental change. Some will be transformative, harnessing AI to tackle climate issues, citizen assemblies or participatory budgeting. But in our attempt to shape a different world or respond to the way in which our current one is being disrupted, we often find these horizons at odds with one another.


I like to think about them like voices in a conversation horizon. One is the pragmatic voice with a managerial mindset responsible for keeping the lights on. Maybe it's a corporate CEO, or maybe it's a coal miner whose family's been doing work a certain way for generations to make ends meet. Horizon three is the voice of the dreamer. Maybe it's an artist or an activist or the voice of a younger generation whose worldview is still being formed. You can just imagine a conversation between those two voices, often adversarial, rarely rooted in mutual understanding, speaking past each other if they speak at all.


Sometimes horizon two, the voice of the entrepreneur gets brought in to broker between them, but without a sense of shared purpose, without a shared direction of travel, all three voices dig their heels in and get stuck in their own rightness. What ends up happening are negative conflicts and effortful incremental change. At best. At worst, we see blame loops, vilification de dehumanization. What three horizons allows us to do is see our shared dilemmas and how each horizon has a value to contribute to resolving them. So instead of horizon one being out of touch or immovable, we see it as a voice of heritage or an ally in scaling bold ideas that all too often get stuck in ideation and horizon three, instead of being idealistic or radical, we see it as a voice of inspiration, maybe even courage.


Horizon two, who can sometimes be seen as a sellout, as a builder, helping take ideas into action. No one horizon is gonna be the hero of the story. We need all three to be working together. Back to my corporate example, we used three horizons to help this group tell a different story about themselves in the merger. We started by introducing those three voices so that they could go from negative to positive mindsets. And then we created a map starting in the third horizon, three years into the future after the merger, where they could suspend disbelief enough about their own ambition, what would they be proud of, what would they stand for?


They talked about being more purposeful, more trustworthy, adding more value to their customers and society than they were extracting. From there, we went back to horizon one, to tune into all the examples of stuckness, things that were holding them back that they would need to let go of in order to achieve that new shared vision. And then on horizon two, where were their examples of innovations already underway? Where did they already have momentum for change that they could leverage? They walked away with a sense of possibility, energy for their futures and a sense of abundance. Conflicts are ubiquitous. They're all around us, some especially right now causing unfathomable devastation.


Others seemingly less intense, like my corporate example, still cause pain and paralysis because at the end of the day, we all just wanna know our contributions matter. We wanna know that we have some agency in shaping the worlds around us. Three Horizons is a simple, powerful way to see ourselves as part of something bigger than any one of us. To bring equal parts conviction and curiosity to the things we deeply care about and find value in our differences. I am not suggesting we all just get along there is far too much we need to be fighting for, but it's how we fight, how we have better conflicts that just may tip the scales as we build a third horizon that we can genuinely be proud of.


Thank you so much. That was Daria Shaikh speaking at TED Countdown's dilemma event in Brussels in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Es Stefanos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


As you write your life story, you're far from finished. Are you looking to close the book on your job? Maybe turn a page in your career? Be continued at the Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies. Our professional master's degrees and certificates are designed to meet you where you are and take you where you want to go. At Georgetown scs, the learning never stops and neither do you be continued. At scs.georgetown.edu/ TED


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny Shop now at Walmart.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.