
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today's talk is from our brand new batch of 2024 TED Fellows films. Ted's Fellowship supports a network of global innovators and we are so excited to share their work with you today. We'd like you to meet Photojournalist Dro Ula Cori. She helps the rest of the world understand the reality of war and occupation in a powerful and resonant way. She makes the case for why all of us all over the globe need to understand the humans involved in global conflicts and how better understanding can lead to positive change.


After we hear from Doro, stick around for her conversation with TED fellows, program director, Lily James Olds. It's all coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn. Where are my B2B marketers out there? If, you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be, which means if your message isn't targeted to a specific audience and the right audience that you're looking for, it can just easily disappear into the noise. But with LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the pros who are more likely to find your ad relevant. LinkedIn has targeting capabilities so that you can reach the folks you're looking for by job title, industry, company, and more filters so you can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads. Today. LinkedIn ads will let you build the right relationships, drive results, and reach your customers in an environment where a lot of your customers are hanging out. Because you will have direct access to and network with decision makers, a billion members, 130 million decision makers and 10 million C-level executives, you can start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions apply LinkedIn. The place to be to be


Support For the show comes from Justin Wine. Get celebration ready with Justin wine. Enjoy exceptional wine all season long with Justin. Whether it's for seasonal celebrations, festive dinner parties, or gift exchanges, Justin wine is sure to make your holidays memorable. If, you are looking for special wine to serve at your holiday table. Try is sais Justin's flagship Bordeaux style red blend. Pick up Justin wine today at a store near you or order it online because gifting with Justin is effortless. You just pick up your wine, select a box, add a personal message, and leave the rest to them. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for TED. Talks Daily comes from Aons Health Solutions. A thriving organization starts with a thriving workforce, but providing quality health and benefits today requires bold action. Aon is your ally in challenging the status quo with predictive analytics to forecast your health risks, expertise to transform insights into innovative and financially sustainable solutions and tailored strategies to meet the unique needs of your people and organization. The time for convention is over the time for better benefits decisions is now. Visit aon.com to learn more


and now our TED talk of the day. It's very confusing and unsettling to wake up and have only 72 hours to make that really hard decision to either leave your house or stay on the Russian occupied territory overnight. The border has been unofficially redrawn by the occupied forces. Your bedroom is now located in a different country where your living room and kitchen are still in the country where you fell asleep. The borders are not marked, so you might end up being kidnapped or detained by the Russian backed forces. Is that a reality?


For many, many people, It is a reality for many people in Georgia. In fact, about 20% of Georgia is occupied by Russia. Georgia is not heard or seen in the world and many don't even know the location of the country. It's important to know what is going on today in Georgia because yeah, it happens in one region, but you never know when's gonna happen in your country or in your region. So we have to pay more attention. My name is Dad Ula Gore. I'm a Georgian for the journalist. I started taking pictures when I was 14. I was talking with my camera.


It was like an intermediary of me expressing myself. I had like a turning point when I did my first photo project on Chechen refugees. My great-grandmother was a Chechen woman and I was always told stories about her and during the time there was the stereotype on Chechens in Georgia that they were all like criminals and terrorists and I wanted to destroy the stereotype, But when I finished the story, I got emails from people saying that Thank you for showing churches in a different way. And so I think that was the moment I realized what power photography had and how it can really change consciousness in people and let them think differently.


From that moment, I concentrated on stories in my country that touched on it taboo topics such as early marriages and conditions faced by mine workers. Stories about minorities post. So healthcare system that created a pandemic of stolen babies and how conflict with Russia led to the surreal border dynamics I described earlier. There's so many topics to cover in Georgia and I feel like it's not been covered. By photographing these topics and talking about it, the dialogue starts and I think from this dialogue, the change comes one journey. I documented a 14-year-old boy telling the story about how he had to cross the occupied border onto the Russian control territory to visit his ill grandmother and kind of risking his life.


And I went with him on this one trip that took us four hours to crawl, walk, hide, and cross the irrigation candles. We had to hide from both Russian backed militants and also Georgian border police. It's really dangerous for especially journalists 'cause they don't know where the border is. I could not make any mistakes or I would be detained by the Russian back militants. He symbolized for me our people's resilience because he loves his grandmother so much. He kind of killed the fear in him and took this road. I think it matters to not just be a photographer who goes there and leaves and never comes back, but to actually have this connection with the people.


It's not just a a story that's told by photographer, but it's a story that's told by the people who live in Georgia. It's like an archive that will let the future generation also understand what it was like to live close to the occupied territories. Soviet Union tried to demolish our identity, but they couldn't manage because our roots very strong like traditions and culture and language. So I think it's very important to tell the story of my people. I want us to be heard. That was Dro Soula Cori, a 2024 TED fellow.


Stick around after the break to hear Dro go deeper into her work. And now a special conversation between TED fellow Dro Sola Cori and TED Fellows program director Lily James Olds. Hi Darrow. It's so great to get to Talks Odoo you today. Well, Lily, yes. Thank you so much for inviting me to have this talk with you. Let's just dive in. So many photojournalist go somewhere else to photograph, you know, away from their homes. What do you bring by photographing the place that is home to you and that you know, so intimately? Photography, my own home. Georgia allows me to, to tell stories from a more deeply personal and empathetic perspective.


'cause I know the culture, the history, and the nuances of the conflict here. And I have, I have lived through many of the struggles myself. So my connection to to the land and people I feel like gimme me a unique insight and access to my country. And it's something that maybe outside journalists might not have. And I feel like I'm not just documenting events, but I'm telling stories of my own community. There's a, there's a deeper responsibility in it because it's not just about getting the perfect photograph, but it's about being witness to something that affects me and me, my people directly.


And what do you think people outside of Georgia can learn from your experience as a photojournalist there? You know, how can it shed light on what is happening in other parts of the world? Well, my work in Georgia highlights the, the global issue of the occupation and the, the shifting border and some something that it, it's, it's still happening today. The ongoing conflict with Russia is, is a reminder of how fragile the nation serenity can be and how ordinary people are often caught off in this crossbar of geopolitical power struggles. You know, it, this isn't unique to Georgia, whether it's Ukraine, Palestine or other conflict zones.


The struggle for territorial integrity and human rights is, I think, universal. And my, my story is one example, but it reflects a more, more larger patterns that could be seen worldwide. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. And I'm curious, you mentioned that your projects touch on taboo topics. Can you tell us more about one of these topics? Yes. One very complicated and emotional topic that I'm, I'm covering today is the Georgia's black market baby trade. For, for years, mothers across Georgia warned children. They were told that have died, but they discovered like decades later that their neighbors have been actually kidnapped and sold.


So during this political and economic chaos that was in my country in the nineties and the beginning of two thousands, a black market baby trade happened and corrupt doctors, nurses, and all the people who were in involved in this abduction of infants from mothers in hospital beds. And you know, they, they sold them through an underground criminal adoption network. So, and they were telling mothers different versions of what happened to the baby. So I wanna bring one example of story of twins to sisters who were separated at birth.


They were sold into two different families in two different cities in Georgia. And they found each other through TikTok video, which was pretty incredible. And their reunion kind of gave hope to countless families that are still searching for their loved ones today. And the highlight of this story is a Facebook group called Bed Up looking for their volunteer run initiative. They have re reunited over seven, 700 families using DNA tests and counting. And I know you've been doing this work for a long time in terms of that story where if people want to learn more about that particular project, what's the best place for them to go to find that in your work?


This is my ongoing investigative story, so I am, have not published it yet. I think I have two cases that I want to finish and then it'll be on my website of course, and on on other videos. Amazing. Yes. Well, I can't wait to read that and look at all of that in depth. Such important work. You started this work so young, Darrow, I, you know, I think you said at the age of 14 was when you first picked up a camera. Yes. I'm wondering if there was a particular issue that catalyzed you into this work at such a young age? I feel like what really led me to take photos and tell my emotions and stories through photography was when I lived in United States when I was nine years old, my family migrated there and after three or four years we came back into Georgia, we returned and it was still the nineties and I had a very complicated issue with the language.


'cause I, I forgot a lot of Georgian. It kind of destroyed this barrier of how I could communicate with the, with the world. And I was a teenager and I think it was the perfect time when I got, I, I found photography, you know, and I, I started taking pictures of everything around me, which was pretty incredible and magic. That's really amazing at that age to have found something that you're still continuing today. So if someone listening is interested in diving deeper into these topics and your work, what resources would you recommend to them in terms of a book, a podcast, or something else?


Well, I, I'd really, really encourage listeners to visit my website, shifting borders.com. It serves as a virtual archive that is continuously updated with new content. And it really captures the real experiences of not only me, the photographer, but from local residents through their letters. And the letters for me is the highlight of the website because it really holds a deep personal connection for me as well as a child. When I lived in the United States during that time, I would receive letters from my friends and my grandparents from Georgia and I couldn't wait to open those letters.


And it really told the story of the time and also the handwriting told the separate story, you know, they've had this really emotional impact on me and I really wanted to put this in this project and this website. Well, Thank you so much, Darrow. It's been such a treat to get to talk today. Thank you so much. I'm very grateful.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple times, zones, or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


To learn more about the TED Fellows program and watch all the TED Fellows films, go to fellows dot TED dot com And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.