
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We are on the brink of a breakthrough and reproductive technology that could allow parents of the same sex to reproduce with DNA from both parents. That's right. But this kind of science wouldn't just help same sex couples as biologists Katsuhiko Hayashi presented in 2024. It could also keep biodiversity from extinction he explains after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


What is this place? Welcome to Cloud nine. How exactly did I get here you are a Toyota Crown driver and only crown drivers ever reach this level of pure bliss. The Captivating Toyota Crown Family Toyota. Let's go places.


Proving trust is more important than ever, especially when it comes to your security program. Vanta helps centralize program requirements and automate evidence collection for frameworks like SOC two, ISO 27, 0 0 1, HIPAA and more. So you save time and money and build customer trust. And with Vanta, you get continuous visibility into the state of your controls. Join more than 8,000 global companies like Atlassian, flow Health and Quora who trust Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. Now that's a new way to grc. Learn more@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's vanta.com/ TED Audio.


I wanna tell you about a podcast I love called Search Engine hosted by PJ Vote. Each week he and his team answer these perfect questions, the kind of questions that when you ask them at a dinner party, completely derail conversation questions about business, tech and society. Like is everyone pretending to understand inflation? Why don't we have flying cars yet? And what does it feel like to believe in God? If, you find this world bewildering but also sometimes enjoy being bewildered by it. Check out Search engine with pj. Vote available now wherever you get your podcasts


and now our TED talk of the day. It is my great pleasure to be here to share some news from biology today with you. So your life and mine start with this. The union leg, the fertilization involves spa and egg from mother. They meet in usual way and fertilize the egg. Acquire the potential to give rise to the individuals like you and me. If you trust back your generation. You are driver for your parents and your parents are derived from your grandparents and so on. In distant past, this perpetuity can only be achieved through what biology, like me called jam cell lineage.


These are the only cells that are immo among more than 200 type of cell in your body. The less die with you. So these immortal jams are called gat are very important and we call them jam line. In our society, this unbroken line is under threat. The present generations are having a children rate and rate and the older the jam cells are less likely to result in successful ization, which leads to the declining bus rate. It's not just the people continuous decreasing the protect rate of large livestock had resulted in huge economic losses.


Setting aside human needs, there are endangered animals down to few individuals. How can we preserve them? That is where the assisted reproductive technology of what hope since Robot Edwards successfully combined human gems in the dish. More than 12 million baby have been born through this technology called in vitro ization. However, current assisted product technology can only be applied if spam and egg can be obtained from the body. If not, there are no option available. But I would ask now, can we create agers in the dish?


So this is a question. So let's start with how the jam cell formed in the body. The after fertilization fertilized egg undergoes cell divisions and differentiate into the different cell types. As it further developed original cells of eventual sperm on the egg known as a primod germ cell in emerge, then this primod jam cell then differentiate into the primary egg known as a oside in the female or sperm magonia. The spray us of the sperm in the male. These angle sperm mature over time, which is associated with the sexual maturation of individuals. Now imagine if this entire process were to occur outside the body.


So my team and I have been focusing on D, replicating this entire process in the dish known as a in vitro GA genesis. The key to generating the GS in the dish is a type of cells called pur potent stem cells because they each have a ability to differentiate into the any serotype in the body. Martin events showed that such a pure potent stem cell could be derived from free implantation embryo in mice, and the James Samsung showed it could be done in human based on these breakthroughs. She yamanaka showed that any kind of cell in the body could be turned into the pure potent stem cells simply by expressing specific set of proteins.


These are called induc, pure potent stem cells, and they possess the same potential as those derone embryos. But using these pure potent stem cells, we can hijack the germline. During normal development cell receive the signal that guide their differentiation into the different cell type. By mimicking right signals, pur potent stem cell can be directed along the pathway to differentiate into the egg against spam. This has been successfully demonstrated in our laboratory by using mass pur potent stem cells. By providing appropriate signals, we were able to generate mature egg from mass pur potent stem cells.


Also, to achieve this, we created mini ovary from pure potent stem cells, allowing the oside to mature outside the body. Importantly, egg producing dish are capable of the ization and giving rice to get mice. These look same as any other mice. They grow up, they eat the food they breed and liberal. But in this case, genetic marza of this mice is the pur potent stem that growing the dish. And now back to the episode With this in Vito Agenesis, the process of creating an egg require only skin cells or other easily collectible cells from the body, even certain ide.


So this means actually this kind of technology can be applied to the various marmal species, including the humans, livestock or even endangered animals. Several research group have successfully produced the Primod G stem from pur potent stem. In all these cases, not only our laboratory is actively involved in the depopulation effort of the northern white line cells, certainly there are only two female who remain on this product. We have generated the egg precursors from the northern white Rhines in this per potent stem cells and then currently creating the mini ovary system to mature these precursor into the eggs.


But we can go further than it. By using these technology, we can skip the sex dependent reproduction. Today, geometer have different shape and different function based on the sex. This difference is genetically made by the sex chromosome in the human male have a X and Y chromosome and the female have two x chromosomes. Chromogenic viewpoint. This is only difference between male and female. But in addition, we can eliminate this difference. So our AB is succeeded in the switching chro, the XY chromosome. The XX chromosome. How did we do that? Well, we took the skin cell from the male mice and they made induced pur potent stem cell, which have X and Y chromosome.


Of course. Then we made a lot of these cells in some rare population and equal segregation of X chromosome OCA during subdivision, which means some XY chromosome become one X chromosome that then double and become two x chromosomes. We picked up a very rare population, these cells that have about two x chromosome and we made the egg derived from sex combat. Pur potent stem cells behave exactly egg from traditional females. We then fertilize sex combated egg with the spam and this rise to typical healthy mice.


They grow up, they eat the food they mate and Deb wrong, just like convey red bread mice. The only difference is these are derived from two dots. Looking at the history of the productive technology like this technologies developed indeed experiment. Experimental animal like this can eventually be applied to the human and other animals. Today, the production of egg in the dish, even from traditional male cells, open a new possibility for the reproduction. In the future, we can create a jams in the dish and they can come from two furthers to mothers or perhaps other combinations.


Thank you.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


Support for this podcast comes from Odoo. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's ODO o.com.


That was Kazuhiko hii speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. Looking for a fun challenge to share with your friends and family. TED now has games designed to keep your mind sharp while having fun.


Visit TED dot com slash games to explore the joy and wonder of TED Games. PR.