
Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder, navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per yearend benefits, and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's vata.com/ TED Audio for $1,000 off


This Mother's Day. Show the moms in your life just how much they mean to you with a stunning bouquet. From one 800 flowers.com. For almost 50 years, 1-800-FLOWERS has set the standard for high quality bouquets Right now, order early from 1-800-FLOWERS and save up to 40% on gorgeous bouquets and one of a kind arrangements guaranteed to make her day. Save up to 40% today at one 800 flowers.com/acast. That's one 800 flowers.com/acast. The official florist of Mother's Day,


worried About what ingredients are hiding in your groceries. Let us take the guesswork out. We're Thrive Market, the online grocery store with the highest quality standards in the industry. We restrict 1000 plus ingredients so you can trust that you'll only find the best high quality, organic, and sustainable brands all free of the junk. With savings up to 30% off and fast carbon neutral shipping, you get top trusted groceries at your door and you can stop worrying about what your kids get their hands on. Start shopping at Thrive Market dot com slash podcast for 30% off your first order and a free gift.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today, a history of toxic masculinity regardless of our gender identity. Community Engagement Manager, Davonte Green says we are all harmed by what he calls the invisible, yet potent misconception of masculinity. Devonte shares a powerful tool that can be used to help men and anyone really develop emotional management skills and break down dangerous stereotypes around what it means to be a man that's coming up. So a few years ago, I was facilitating a workshop inside of a level three men's prison right here in California.


Oftentimes, we had about 70 participants, men serving sentences anywhere between three to 38 years. As we begin our workshop, like any good workshop start with an activity. The activity that we started with is known as Cross the Line might be familiar with it, but the way it works is I ask a question and if it resonates, then a participant steps forward and crossed the line. The question that I asked was to step forward and cross the line. If you are currently serving a sentence from a crime that you committed that took you 60 seconds or less, an overwhelming amount of participants took a step forward.


And not just one of the trainings, but in every one of them. Wow, I was astonished. In less than 60 seconds, these men had lost so many years of their lives and they've also created victims and they've impacted their own families and communities, all because they couldn't pause and were most likely acting in alignment with what they think it is to be a real man. See, I grew up right here in Inglewood and Inglewood, like many cities across the country, has been impacted by that invisible, yet potent misconception of masculinity and what it means to be a real man.


Culturally. We perpetuate this through music, entertainment, all influencing how men and boys view masculinity and what it means to be a real man. Now, Sally, I've lost too many of my own loved ones due to this misconception, folks fueled by anger, jealousy, and the lack of self-accountability. It was the murder of my two best friends and my cousin Robert Gary Jackson, Jr. Trayvon Williams, Tyrone Tucker, Jr. That really propelled me to become a healthy manhood of masculinity advocate and to go on to found the Giants Dan Leadership Network for inspire black men and boys, where we foster emotionally intelligent leaders who are also actively engaged in their communities.


But this ain't how I started. Before I was known for this work, before I found my passion for supporting black men and boys, I was known and celebrated for my aggression on the football field and also known for these hands. I was the guy who wanted to fight. Once folks start making one too many jokes. In fact, I also, I often wanted to fight whenever I felt disrespected, which was okay in my community. 'cause in my community it was okay and it was celebrated for young men to have short fuses and to be emotionally immature. I was taught that that disrespect needed to be responded to a violence. That's how real man dealt with it.


And to walk away or try to talk through a situation made you scared or weak and could lead to a shameful reputation. So I followed suit when I was 20 years old. Took a two hour drive in the middle of the night to get into a fight because I had felt disrespected. But in my reflection, I recognized that it wasn't disrespect that I was feeling, it was insecurity. 'cause two hours is a long time to stay mad. You know what I mean? Like you have to really be working at this ma. So how does one sustained anger for a two hour ride?


I'm telling myself one sided stories that justify what I'm about to do, adding fuel to my fire, letting my anger boil because the narrative that I'm sharing is allowing me to feel like I'm justified. So I take this two hour drive in the middle of the night, I get into the fight and I was doing what I thought it meant to be a real man. But the consequences of that night actually led me to a felony assault charge a felony. And I wasn't the worst part. I wasn't able to see my daughter for the next three and a half years, not because I was tough.


I got a felony because I had my feelings hurt and I didn't have the emotional management skills to respond differently at the time. See, our community doesn't teach men and boys conflict resolution skills. In fact, when I came up, I learned conflict, escalation skills, how to pop off, right? And I understand all the things that happened in our past and in the community and the world that it led to that has led to these conditions and those valuable lessons that weren't taught to many of us. But after bumping my head, after doing my work, I've realized the importance of men having actual emotional management skills, having emotional management skills, not only to be a nice person, but to avoid life altering situations like going down that treacherous path of mass incarceration, substance abuse, domestic violence, strained family relationships, and sta statistically speaking, dying early.


But I wanna give some tools that could have been a game changer for me in my situation. And if you're someone who is still currently being impacted and influenced by that invisible, yet potent misconception of manhood and masculinity, hopefully can help you to avoid some of these life altering situations as well. The first thing I recognize is ask guys how they doing? They say, I'm cool straight. You know, another day, not often. Having the language to pinpoint an actual emotion, the feelings wheel actually gives us some language to identify and pinpoint where we might be in our emotions. I'll ask you how you're doing.


Somebody might say, oh, this is what happened to me today. That is a story, and that is not a feeling, right? So wanting to really provide a tool so we can say, I'm feeling depressed, I'm feeling angry, I'm feeling happy, I'm ecstatic, I'm overwhelmed. There's a tool that was created by Beam, which is the black emotional mental health collective that really helps with deescalation. And this tool is a strategy called Pause. Now, pause is an acronym, and I'll break down each letter for you and hopefully it sticks. And it's something that you can share with your communities as well. The first letter is P, pay attention.


Think about a time that you were angry, might have been recently, might have been a while ago, but what were the type of thoughts that consumed your mind? Were they positive or were they negative? Most likely they were negative, which kind of sustained your anger. How was your body feeling? Were you tense in your shoulders? Were you forgetting to take that deep breath? Was your heart rate sped up? These are all signs that our bodies are sharing with us to let us know that we are in an escalated state. What story, what narrative are we sharing with ourselves? Because what we're thinking impacts how we're feeling and how we feel impacts how we behave.


But if we don't have the language to identify how we're feeling, it can be hard to avoid that behavior that can really shift our lives. So pay attention. The next one is to act, assess. Assess what's actually activating you. What is this? Was it a tone of voice? Do you feel like you weren't being heard? What is it that was said? Done? What is it about the environment that is activating you? You might call it a trigger. Do you know what your triggers are? Do you know the environments, the people, the things that activate you? That's a great place to start because if we know what activates us, maybe we can avoid those life-altering situations.


The next letter is, you understand? Understand the roots of our feelings. In my life, I recognized that there's a voice in my head often judging my, judging me, telling me what to do, leading me. And somewhere along my journey, I recognized that that's not actually my voice. So whose voice is it that's guiding you in your decisions? Is that a parent? Is that a teacher? Is it an older, older sibling? Is it a bully from third grade? What is the root of this feeling? Where is it coming from?


What values of yours might feel like they're being compromised in this moment? 'cause if we can identify the root, we can get to the actual cause of this, and we're not so susceptible to popping off. All right, next letter is S. Set boundaries. Separate yourself. Ensure safety. I know sometimes I don't wanna walk away. We gonna handle this right now. I've never known that to be the best idea, to be calm, to be cool, to walk away into a safe environment so that you're ensuring safety for everyone. That's what a real man does.


It's not only about me sharing with you how I'm feeling and what I'm doing and trying to convey my perspective, but it's also about ensuring safety for everyone who is in this space. And that might mean stepping away and coming back on. Cooler heads prevail. The last one is E, to empathize. How are other people experiencing me? What point were they trying to get across? How am I contributing to escalating this entire situation? Because the truth of the matter is when there's disagreements, there's misunderstanding.


And if we can just pause and try to consider what the other people are trying to convey to us, it can avoid a lot of those life altering situations. Being a real man isn't about dominating others. Being a real man isn't about proving to other folks that we are what we naturally are. But a real man takes time to think about the impacts of the decisions. To think about the folks who are being impacted by their words, their thoughts, their behaviors. A real man takes a pause.


Thank you. That was Davonte Green at TEDx Englewood in Englewood, California in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Es Stefanos Oliver for Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar Andon. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh.


I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade for Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to a thousand dollars or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley. Smith Barney, LLC Member Sip E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRAINGER click granger.com. Or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


Everyone has a reason to change growing Old Heartbreak, a fresh start, whatever it may be. Peloton is here to get you through life's biggest moments with workouts. That challenge and motivation that keeps you coming back. Pelotons Tread and All Access Membership helps you set your goals, track your progress, and get stronger making your fitness goals a reality. Find your push. Find your power Peloton. Visit one peloton.com.