
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show. You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day.


I'm your host, Elise Hugh. When you hear of the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of Queensland, Australia, many people think of vast colors, sparkling waters, and technicolor fish, but coral reefs systems are extremely sensitive to temperature, and so as the planet warms reefs across the world, including the Great Barrier Reef are dying and at a terrifying pace. This problem might seem insolvable, but not to Reef Guardian Theresa Fife. So in honor of World Oceans Day coming up this Sunday, we're sharing her inspiring talk where she shares how she and her team are deploying new technology with roots in cancer research that's making scalable coral restoration a reality.


And as Theresa says, why it's not game over, but game on


Now at Verizon, we have some big news for your peace of mind. For all our customers existing and new, we are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan and my home. That's future you. Peace of mind, and everyone can save on a brand new phone on my plan. When you trade in any phone for one of our top brands, that's new phone peace of mind because at Verizon, whether you're already a customer or you're just joining us, we got you. Visit Verizon today. Price guarantee applies to then current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions apply for all offers


ready To order? Yes, we're earning unlimited, 3% cash back on dining and entertainment with a Capital One saver card. So let's just get one of everything, everything. Fire, everything. The Capital One saver card is at table 27 and they're earning unlimited. 3% cash back. Yes, yes, Chef, This is so nice. Had a feeling you'd want 3% cash back on dessert. Ooh, Tara Masu Earn unlimited 3% cash back on dining and entertainment with the Capital One Saver Card, Capital One. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com for details.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking simply, safe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simply safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


When I say Great Barrier Reef. What do you see? If you grew up in the two thousands, I'm guessing it might be NEMO and his best friend, Dorie Coral reefs are the most biodiverse ecosystem on our entire blue planet home to more than a quarter of all marine life. They are food livelihoods and coastal protection for more than 1 billion people, they anchor the economies of over 100 nations and hold deep cultural significance for saltwater first nations peoples who see coral reefs as their family and the creatures of life.


Sadly, our reef, my reef has become the poster child for climate change. And here's why. Coral polyps, the tiny animals that build reefs are incredibly sensitive to warming oceans. When stressed by heat, they expel the algae that nourish them, exposing their skeletons and turning them white. A phenomenon called coral bleaching. Now, a bleached coral isn't dead, but it is sick and starving, and if temperatures stay too high for too long, it dies. S coral reefs are the absolute lifeblood of a thriving ocean.


We thought them too big and too important to fail Already. We have lost half of the world's s coral reefs. In 2024, the global extent of coral bleaching reached 53 countries and every ocean on earth. By 2050, 90% of corals could be lost, and with coral reefs thought to be one of the most vulnerable ecosystems to climate change, we could witness their extinction in our lifetime.


Because of this, many people have already given up. They see the problem as just too big and the progress too slow. But I haven't given up and I'm here to tell you why you shouldn't give up either. Prior to working at the Great Barrier Reef Foundation, I worked in medical research and the parallels are surprisingly striking. While many cancers have no cure, a cancer diagnosis is no longer a death sentence due to the expanding toolkit of treatments. This is how we must think of coral reefs. Yes, we need the cure, the solutions to climate change itself.


But right now, corals also need treatments to buy them time. Enter reef restoration. Reef restoration's been around since about the 1970s, mainly through coral gardening. It's pretty simple. You take small pieces of coral, you grow them in an underwater nursery, and when big enough, you replant them in a reef. While an important part of the Reef Restoration Toolkit, this approach is slow, expensive, and very difficult to scale. As a result, it is thought that less than 200,000 corals are planted across the world's oceans each year.


With many of these corals not surviving, we needed a breakthrough. Over the past five years, 350 Australian scientists and engineers have been working on just that technology to make reef restoration faster, cheaper, and smarter. We've made more advancements in the last five years than the previous 50. Using an automated process, we can now produce millions of baby corals, not just thousands. We can naturally increase the heat tolerance of these corals so they are better adapted to warming oceans.


And we have developed ceramic cradles for mass deployment, eliminating the need for divers to replant each piece of coral by hand, but in a race against time. The key to dramatically scaling our impact is to deploy this technology in a highly targeted way. We will focus our restoration solution on the reefs that are the most connected to other reefs via the ocean's natural currents. By seeding these highly connected reefs with more heat tolerant corals, their subsequent and stronger offspring will be spread far and wide.


By using this precision approach across the Pacific, restoring as little as 3% of coral reefs can drive the recovery of 50% of the entire ecosystem. This would be restoration on an unprecedented scale and we are making it local. Thank you. Packaging these technologies into portable coral micro nurseries for coastal communities to own and operate. The productivity of one single micro nursery is expected to exceed that. Of all global coral gardening efforts combined today by 2031, we will be planting 1.2 million heat tolerance surviving corals per year, about 30 times more than planted across the Pacific today by 2040.


It is our ambition to increase the global scale of reef restoration by 120 times. But we know thank you. We know that the technology on its own isn't enough to have real impact. This technology needs to be in the hands of those on the front line. Those that know the oceans best. Meet Uncle Bob, a whopper bar man from the Great Barrier Reef. His people have been caring for their sea country for millennia. Now, when Bob talks to me of his country, he says, country is sick, country is crying.


But with this technology, his community is empowered to be the first responders to heal their sea country by blending this modern innovation with their ancient knowledge. For many coral reefs, unfortunately, it is already too late. But for the half of the world's reefs, including our great barrier reef that cool the Pacific home, there is still time. These corals haven't given up. They are still resilient. They can regenerate. So if the corals haven't given up, how can we now hope without a plan?


It's nothing more than a wish, but thanks to the generosity of the TED community, we have a plan, a lifeline for coral reefs. So I'm asking you, don't look away. Change your perspective and join us in the fight to sustain not just coral reefs, but the livelihoods, the cultures, and the futures they safeguard. This isn't game over. It's game on. Thank you. That was Theresa Fife speaking at TED 2025.


This ambitious idea is part of The Audacious Project, Ted's initiative to inspire and fund global change. Learn more@audaciousproject.com. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com's slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar and Sica SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed.


Thanks for listening.


This is Paige de Sobo from Giggly Squad. Boost Mobile is no longer that prepaid wireless company. You remember, they've invested billions into building their own 5G towers across America. With Boost Mobile's Networks customers enjoy the speed and service they'd expect from the big three plus groundbreaking benefits you'd only get from a true challenger of the industry. Boost Mobile will let you try the network risk free for 30 days. So visit your nearest Boost mobile store or find us online@boostmobile.com. Today,


Now at Verizon, we have some big news for your peace of mind. For all our customers existing and new. We are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan and my home. That's future you. Peace of mind, and everyone can save on a brand new phone on my plan. When you trade in any phone for one of our top brands, that's new phone. Peace of mind. Because at Verizon, whether you're already a customer or you're just joining us, we got you. Visit Verizon today. Price guarantee applies to then Current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions apply for all offers


ready To order? Yes, we're earning unlimited, 3% cash back on dining and entertainment with a Capital One Saver card. So let's just get one of everything, everything. Fire, everything. The Capital One Saver card is at table 27 and they're earning unlimited. 3% cash back. Yes, Chef, This is so nice. Had a feeling you'd want 3% cash back on dessert. Ooh Tara Masu. Earn unlimited 3% cash back on Dining and Entertainment with the Capital One Saver Card, Capital One. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com for details.