
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm m your host Elise Hugh. We have a standout talk for You today, but You don't have to take just my word for It. An attendee in the audience for this 2024 talk from Felipe Sanchez. Luna liked It so much, That. We got them to set It up for You. Felipe Sanchez is going to give a fantastic experiential talk in which you're actually going to participate. Curious, Find out in this immersive experience coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn. Where are my B2B marketers out there? If, you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ads base can be, which means if your message isn't targeted to a specific audience and the right audience That you're looking for, It can just easily disappear into the noise. But with LinkedIn ads, You can precisely reach the pros who are more likely to find your ad relevant. LinkedIn has targeting capabilities so That You can reach the folks you're looking for by job title, industry, company, and more filters. So You can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads. Today. LinkedIn ads will let You build the right relationships, drive results, and reach your customers in an environment where a lot of your customers are hanging out. Because You will have direct access to and network with decision makers, a billion members, 130 million decision makers and 10 million C-level executives, You can start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give You a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions Apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be


teams with big ideas start in Jira. The only project management tool. You need to plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping us in sync to deliver the big ideas our listeners love and there's a lot more That teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key. So That, we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need to make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea today in Jira.


True trailblazers know That innovation doesn't come from meeting expectations. So not only does the BMW seven series exceed expectations, It transcends them shaped by the visionaries of the future. The BMW seven series and available all electric I seven is uncharted luxury from the rear executive lounge hosting an available 31 inch theater screen and 40 surround sound to realtime highway and parking assistance. The BMW seven series has changed the standards of luxury with relentless innovation made For those who appreciate detail by those who are obsessed with It. Learn more about the innovative BMW seven series and available as a 100% electric I seven at bmw usa Odoo com.


And now our TED talk of the day. The world is full of sound. It's all around us all the time. If it's carefully designed, we can use It to tap directly into our feelings and a deeper connection to ourselves and the world. As a group of composers, sound designers, creative technologies and musicologists, my team and I combine all this knowledge to create sound experiences. That convey stories and ideas.


We use scientific data as musical scores, translating complex information into a language we can easily understand. We work with field recordings, compose linear and modern music and use technology to understand, control and generate melodies. We're merging art, music, technology, and science into the field of sound sonography, using the auditory sense to foster an emotional understanding of our world. So let me take You on a sonic journey of music and code where once and serials are mixed with notes and rhythms and poetry meets science.


What. You are about to hear is a combination of recordings from nature and our surroundings. Data in a I of music and a lot of human creativity. So relax and If. you feel comfortable, close your eyes, Take a deep breath, and listen closely. Allow yourself to feel We begin in the water.


Here in the deep, we hear tiny creatures, different textures, or even the contrast between the Atlantic and the Pacific oshi. We follow the sons of seals and bring the elusive songs of the harbor ERs to the range of our human hearing.


The ocean is speaking to us. Let's move out of the water into dry land and dig deep into the earth.


Count as small animals like earthworms, rubs and ants. They interact, they communicate and work tire to maintain a perfect ecosystem. Through geophones and soil sensors, we can capture these voices and hear the soil think to us, but is our human creativity. That can interpret modulate filters and mixes all these recordings with music creating a tapestry of sound.


That is a voice to the complex world hidden under our feet. From here we take flight high into the sky, feel the lightness of traveling through air while enjoying the mystical messages care about birth songs.


Let's focus our attention on That her with thrush as It sings to us with It. That song is a message That. If we slow It down, We can comprehend. Every bird finds his voice in this intricate orchestration. And while they all play together in perfect harmony, we need their final place in this acoustic ecosystem.


Let's keep moving up into the sky through the atmosphere, into the vast emptiness of space. Ah, In this abstract place where there is no sound, we reach only to the power of music to try to make sense out of the relationship between sound and time.


As the sound of our voice, we travel to the center of our black hole and wonder What will happen to us in the presence of this cosmic force. We are being stretched as our musical body just falls apart. New and old musical concepts collide into a timeless sound mass, leaving all sense of structure behind. We are surrounded by the past, the present, and the future, all at the same time. What, information and matter lose all their meaning.


It is here In this emptiness, That, we find ourselves traveling to a human imagination, an infinitely magical place found only by our creativity. We here artificial intelligence, making music and envision the potential of new collaborations.


Explosions of sounds and mellies remind us of the importance of emotional communication while simultaneously giving us an idea of the creative process being enhanced by technology. As we return from a journey and on one another. In this room, littles embrace the force of human imagination and use sound to connect deeper to ourselves and to others.


Let us open ourselves to a transformative power of sound and its contribution to a new emotional understanding of our world. Thank You.


Canva presents your work horoscope. For this week, deadlines are in retrograde, which we all know can bring some intense energy. Our advice, bend off this forecast with Canva like Canva, whiteboards to counter creative blocks and Canva docs for clarity and communications. If, you have any sales deals coming through. Results will be in your favor with Canva. Presentations manifesting many wins. For You, it's a great week to love your work@canva.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help You live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the I IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of ai. Spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What, if instead of hundreds of pilots, You had a holistic strategy that's built to scale, that's What. IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help You design, integrate and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


That was Felipe Sanchez Luna from the TED 2024 stage. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's It for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.