
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. An illustration of music's power to bring people together is etched out every time the Jerusalem Youth Chorus sings together. Israeli Palestinian musical peacemakers Micah Hendler and Amir Abu Kube envision a shared future for their often clashing peoples, and they do it through a beautiful youth music movement. They give a quick talk before a performance that will warm your heart during this turbulent time in the world.


after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na Member FDIC


Support for this show comes from Brooks Running. My friends at Brooks sent me the amazing new Ghost sixteens. I don't know about y'all, but having new shoes, especially really lightweight ones that I like, get me out there. It's like enough motivation just to have that soft cushioning. You can take your daily joy joyride in these better than ever Go sixteens now with nitrogen infused DNA Loft V three cushioning so lightweight, so soft, it'll help you turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Visit Brooks Running dot com to learn more


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get Farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead, I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit, and now our TED Talk of the day.


Hi, I'm Micah Hendler, And I am AM Barko. And we're the leaders of the Jerusalem Youth Chorus, a Palestinian and Israeli music and dialogue project, raising our voices to push back against the violence surrounding us. We reject war, occupation, and terror, and instead we decided to sing for peace, justice, inclusion and equality. At the Jerusalem Youth Chorus, we don't share the same opinions and we disagree and have hard conversations about them every week, but what we do share is a shared future despite what all politicians say.


I founded the Jerusalem Youth Chorus 12 years ago because of a simple fact that we as Human beings are hardwired to trust one another more when we sing together. Thank you. Singing actually in groups creates a container in which transformative conversations can happen. Very hard conversations even between people who have been raised to be enemies. And then through music, we're able to expand the impact of these encounters as our singer's voices raise together become a force for systemic change as music has powered social movements throughout history.


I joined the choir 10 years ago, and it is where I found my voice as a musician, as a Palestinian and as a hammer. And last year I was so proud to step into the executive director role with a vision to create a youth singing movement to help youth find their voices across Israel Palestine. As I found mine, the Jerusalem Youth Chorus Singers didn't stop meeting during the war because JYC, it's our home and we're not gonna give up on each other.


The song that we'll be sharing with you all today was written by our singers after October 7th, and it really taps into the grief and the pain and the loss, and also the deep insight and powerful resilience that they have found in this time. This violence didn't start on October 7th. This violence and the last war is just a very horrifying example of how Israelis and Palestinians are pitted against each other by the extreme leaders who need each other to stay in power, and it's always the normal people who pay the price.


We know that as a Palestinian Israeli youth Chorus, we do not single handedly have the power to stop war, but we also know that the reason that war continues is because people feel there isn't a different way. We the different way. And now back to the episode, When that day is done, what will only future?


Because? Because Tux Daily is brought to you by progressive, progressive helps you compare direct auto rates from a variety of companies so you can find a great one, even if it's not with them. Quote today@progressive.com to find a rate that works with your budget, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations.


Hi, I'm Sdu of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the bathroom Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-Prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge, so remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was the Jerusalem Youth Chorus at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PRX.