
Hey Prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ ad-free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


We see you getting after your fitness goals, but what about those money goals? You can count on Credit Karma for a clear view of your finances and your progress, helping you see results so you can keep checking off those financial personal bests and find your way to money Progress never felt so good. Intuit. Credit Karma, karma. You can count on download the app today.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today we're gonna talk about ethics. Maybe you think of it only in the context of that philosophy class from college, or maybe you question how much does it affect my daily life? Really, in a 2024 conversation with TED Health host, Shoshana Ungar, the ethicist professor and Rabbi Ira Bedzow dives into the huge role ethics actually play in our lives coming up, how ethics help people and organizations navigate major challenges and turn their values and ideas into action.


Hi Ira. Hi. Nice To see you. Good to see you. Ira is a professor, An ethicist and a rabbi, and he's really all about helping people in organizations navigate ethical challenges and turn their values into action. So Ira, the bio on the TED website, it says ethicist. So how do you describe yourself? First off, Shoshana. Thank you. That's a great question to start with, I would say whenever people hear that I'm An ethicist, the first thing that they think is, well, I don't need that guy either. I'm a good person, so I don't need someone to tell me what to do, or they don't know me.


So I don't want someone to come and impose their thoughts, their beliefs, their values onto me. So usually I don't get any work when people think that. What I like to say that I do An ethicist is I try to help people think more creatively and make decisions based on who they want to be and what they care about. For me, it's not simply just a matter of is this act good or bad, or is this act right or wrong? It's, are you making the decisions that speak to the goals that you have? Are your goals worth having the values that you embody in terms of what you care about and the applicability or the, the strategic implementation that you could truly achieve?


So in the professional realm that looks like organizational ethics, professional identity formation, bias driven leadership in the personal realm, it's really about developing habits for behavior change. Yeah, so we're gonna get into a lot of that, but you're helping people do something that feels really elusive and can be intimidating. Can you start by sharing one or maybe two strategies that people can use to help them get more clarity on what their purpose is? Great. So first, I think we need to define our terms on purpose. Purpose is a really scary word, and I think that when we talk about purpose, oftentimes people think that there's one thing in life that the universe wants them to do, and if they don't find it, then they haven't succeeded.


I, that scares me in a way of making people think that like there's only one shot, and If you don't hit that shot, then your life doesn't have the meaning that it's supposed to have. And it's, it's not only not true, but it's unhelpful. When I think of purpose, I think about it as a self-defined long-term attention that is meaningful to you and impactful for your world. I think If you have that type of intention, it'll guide your decisions, it'll guide your behavior, it'll guide your goals, it'll provide you a sense of direction, and it'll provide that sense of meaningfulness as opposed to just thinking about like the meaning of life. So strategies. So when I, when I think about like how to achieve this type of purpose and, and, and truth be told, when you know it's an intention, you know, it's not a goal.


It's like what you're interested in, what you care about, what you want to do. I I start asking myself a number of different questions. So the first question I'll say is, what do I wanna do in this situation? The second question I'll ask is, do I want to want what I want? Now that sounds nuts. You're like, what I don't understand, does that mean like, okay, you just really, really want it as opposed to want it? So I will give you an example. Let's say you and I were going out for dinner and there's this dessert cart and there is cheesecake on the dessert cart. Now I want that cheesecake. I think it's delicious, and it's like just right there for me. But I also know that I'm incredibly lactose intolerant.


So like the question I'm asking myself is, do I want the cheesecake, but I'm gonna resist it, or do I not want the, like, I want to not want that cheesecake because I know that there's other things that I value. There's other things that I care about, like not being sick for the rest of the night, living in a, in a way that allows me to live my best life as opposed to a life of constraint or restraint. So once I think about do I really want the things that I say that I want, well, what does this tell me about myself? What does, does it mean that I'm the type of person who has to organize my environment to achieve my wants or my urges? Is it some, am I someone who has to build resilience? 'cause I know that I can't change my environment or I can't nudge myself to do things like what do I need to know to make good decisions?


Not about the world yet, but about myself. The next question I'll ask is, well, is that the type of person that I want to be? Do I want to be the type of person that has to manipulate my environment versus work on myself? Do I want to be the type of person that wants to work on myself and not have so much concern about the environment around me? Those entail very different decisions in what I'll end up doing. And then the last question is, well, how do I achieve my wants effectively? Now, as An ethicist, you might be saying, well, you never said ought or should in any of that. Like, what should you do or what ought you do? And the reason is, if I start talking about what people should do, or if the world says what you ought to do, either you're gonna say, right, or you're gonna say, well, now I have to do what other people are telling me or what the world tells me to do.


But I want for people to do what they feel empowered to do. Your values should entail choices, not something that you aspire but never reach. So that's the strategy that I usually use. Yeah, I can sort of see how this method would lead to more confident and values driven decisions. So Ira, our metrics for success often can be tied to external validation, whether it's promotions, awards, whatever. Should we rethink how we measure and define success for ourselves? Yes. Next question. No, no, no. I, so I mean, look, I'll tell you how I define success.


You can tell me if, if it's a good definition or if it's one we should, we should use something else. So I'll define success as achieving your goals through and not at the expense of your beliefs and values. Right? And the reason why I I do that is because if you're trying to run someone else's race or play someone else's game of life, you're, you're not gonna win. Like you don't know the rules, you don't know the skills, you don't know the challenges. And there's too much uncertainty to think about, like, what do I need to accommodate? And I don't even know who I'm playing with, right? But If you play the game of life according to your skillset, your desires, the team that you want to have and the game that you wanna play, I mean, that's a great life to have, right?


I mean, there's always risks and costs. We're never gonna say that, well, if I do whatever I want, I'll be successful based on other people's metrics. But what we should be saying is, well, what do I actually really want? And let me see if I can get those metrics. So when someone asks me like, okay, how can I be successful? Like, what, what, what, what does success mean for me? I'll say, okay, well what metrics are you using? And oftentimes they'll give me like either big picture things or like roles or like positions and stuff like that. And then the first thing I'll say to them is, okay, like let's, let's work with what, what you're going with here. And I'll say, paint me a picture of what your life looks like when you achieve those things or even while you're pursuing those things.


And they'll say, what do you mean I have this job? It's great. Say, what time do you wake up in the morning? Who do you Talks Odoo? How many emails do you, do you send, do you have friends in time for your friends? Do you care about having friends or time with your friends? Like when you start painting that picture, what I try to do is not focus on the possessions or the status, but focus on the activities that you're engaged in. 'cause when you think about what you're actually doing as opposed to what you're having, like two things are gonna happen. One, you're gonna stop thinking about success as possession, such that once you have it, you then say, okay, well now what? Or you have the fear of saying, well, I thought it was gonna be much more exciting, but the pursuit was actually more exciting than the possession.


Like, I, I don't this, this, this was a, a race that I don't know if it was worth running. The second thing when you start thinking about the activities as opposed to the possessions is the pleasure of the pursuit and the pleasure of the activity now are aligned. So your success is not simply that like momentary, I got it, but it's that continual I'm doing it. And that's a real different perception of success. Okay. I wanna talk about a topic that comes up a lot, certainly in medicine, but otherwise, and that is burnout. It's a really big issue in a culture that's frankly obsessed with productivity. Some call this urgency culture.


From your perspective, what are some of the habits and practical steps that people can take to resist the pressure that leads them to maybe overwork in the first place and and can help them reconnect with their core values and their sense of purpose? Yeah, so burnout's a really tough thing to talk about because in one respect, you don't wanna say that an individual is responsible for their own burnout. 'cause there's a lot of environmental or situational factors. And If you don't recognize the environmental or situational factors, you're setting people up to fail. So that I don't wanna do, at the same time, If you say the only way to alleviate burnout is to rely on the system to change, you may be waiting a really long time, right?


So I just wanna put that out there. And then let's talk about some of the things that you, that you mentioned. So with regards to urgency culture, I think one of of the things that we really have to recognize is the difference between urgency and importance, right? Urgency and importance and importance. Yeah. I mean, urgency requires immediate attention, but that doesn't mean it's important, right? Like If you get an email saying, well, in the next five minutes you might have an opportunity to, you know, meet someone that could be a potential intern, right? That's urgent. And it may be important to the potential intern, but it may not be important to you, right? It's something to think about in terms of do like, is the necessity to re to to respond right away based on how much weight it carries or the time pressure that's being imposed on you?


Something that's important is a decision that's really significant to how you're going to live your life, but it doesn't mean it has to be urgent. Like living a healthy lifestyle, eating well, having regular medical checkups may not be urgent. I mean, I guess it depends how much you procrastinate in terms of making your calls for those appointments. But they don't have to be urgent. But that doesn't mean that they're not important. So in, in thinking about what, what we need to do, it's easy to do the urgent thing and check the box of completion. And we all get the satisfaction of we've done it. But if we don't balance what we need to do quickly versus what we need to do for the sake of our lives, we're never gonna end up making the time for those decisions of importance.


Now let's go to overwork, right? So overworking has a lot of different factors to it. You could overwork because you feel a self pressure. Another way of saying that is you could overwork because you really like what you're doing, right? So for example, I think I might overwork. Yeah, I think you do. Yeah. Okay, good. But it's because this stuff that I do every day at quote unquote work and when I say quote unquote work is because like I have a bunch of different things that I do, some of which I work and some of which are volunteer. There's this, that's the stuff that I wanna do anyway. Like, I love helping people think through hard challenges, whether it's my neighbor or whether it's a colleague or whether it's a student.


So the opportunity to do it in the office versus out of the office, like one might be considered work and one is just like what I love. You may feel overworked because not of self pressure, because of pressure from a boss or colleagues or friends or social aspects. That's a very different type of pressure that's not about desire. And that's a question of like, who's impacting the decisions you make or whose opinions do you value more yours or others. That also speaks to metrics of success. You may think that you're overworking 'cause you just don't value what you do, so you're working too hard because you just don't care about it, or you don't see impact or it's not meaningful, or there's no room for growth.


So of course you're overworking, you're having diminishing marginal utility every hour that you spend. Like who cares? You may. And this is, I think the, the real crux of it, you may think you're overworking because you're actually not making room for the other things that you value. So just as a interesting story and one of my moral leadership classes, the students went around after introducing themselves. 'cause I make them introduce themselves all the time. And they asked themselves the question, If you had an extra hour in the day, what would you spend it doing? And they all talked about what they'd spend it doing on and so forth. And I said, do you know what that question really represents?


And they're like, yeah, if I have an ever an extra hour in the day, what would I do? And I said, no. What, what it really represents is what do you think? You're not spending enough time on that you wish you were. Because wanting that extra hour isn't just to say, well, I would do the exact same thing I'm doing now, but more of it, it's what do I feel like I'm missing? So we can't give ourselves an extra hour, but what we can do is reprioritize really thoughtfully. Yeah, you really highlight the need for intentional living in, in everything you've said. And this leads me to my next question, which is, you know, in my work with End well and as a doctor who's cared for dying people, I've really had the privilege of, of learning from those nearing the end of their lives.


And their experiences have really profoundly shaped my perspective on what truly matters. I've witnessed how reflecting on our own mortality can allow us to be more present, reminding us to prioritize meaningful connections and, and live with purpose rather than letting fear or maybe busyness dictate our lives. I know this is something that I struggle with. What kinds of tools do you give people to help them live with greater intentionality and purpose in, in their day-to-day lives? Given that we all have limited time? You can use all the tools that I've already mentioned in terms of asking those types of questions, thinking about importance and urgency, learning how to prioritize having clarity or clarifying like what exactly the issue is.


And like a di you, you can't give a medical intervention unless you know what the diagnosis is, otherwise you're just, you know, yeah, throwing darts without a dartboard. But there is one maxim that I really love. Like I just, I love this maxim because it, it, it hits everything for me. So there's this story in the Babylonian Talmud, which is like a Jewish religious text where Rabbi Zer says that you should repent one day before you die. And that's not the maximum. 'cause that's crazy. I mean, In a good way. What is amazing to me about it is his students then come to him and say, well how do you know when you're gonna die?


Like, I need to time this, right? So if I'm gonna know when I'm gonna die, then I can plan my day. But if I never know when I'm gonna die, like your statement means nothing to me. And then this is what I imagine it's not, there's no like description of it, but when I close my eyes, I imagine him having that smirk or that smile of like, oh students, I have you now. And he says, no, of course. All the more. So you should repent today lest you die tomorrow. What I love about that is it totally changes what we think about in terms of repentance. Like when we think about repentance, we usually think about do we did something wrong?


And we have to return to a status quo ante. Like we've lost something and we need to say, I'm sorry, but you don't live every day thinking you're gonna die tomorrow saying, what did I do wrong today so I can fix it? Like that's not what he means. 'cause that would be an applicable, what he means about repentance is returning to the aspirational and ideal self that you have in terms of your own like self picture. Like it's asking yourself, is this the life I should be living? Is there something more? Am I taking life for granted or am I giving it everything that I have?


That's a very different view of repentance. It's a return to what you want to be and who you want to become, as opposed a return to what you were simply because you used to be that. Hmm, I love that. I wanna touch on community because we often think of success as an individual achievement. What role, from your perspective, do community and relationships play in understanding of what it means to live a truly fulfilling life? That's a really good question. 'cause it's a really hard question. I mean, I think a lot of times when we think about community, whether that's, you know, society, neighborhoods, definitely organizations and companies, we tend to reify culture and community.


Meaning that we think that it's something over and above or outside who we are as individuals, right? But oftentimes when we think about community, you think about culture, right? Culture is the set of expectations that we have given the interactions that we've had, like all of us, right? Meaning culture is made up of the behaviors of individuals. So you can change culture by changing the behaviors of the individuals around you. So when you think about like the role of community, I wanna start really small first. Like when you have an achievement or a success, who do you call? Who do you share with?


Now you don't have to tell me, but I can imagine everyone in this room knows someone or has that person that they call, which means that If you want to share your successes, then you realize how social of a being you are. There's a big difference between having a success and having someone to share that success with. Once you also realize that that whole aspect of sharing and sociality goes into the final product, you know that it goes all the way through. So the problem that we really have is not necessarily the, the sharing of the experience. We always wanna share the experience it's thinking about if we share the success or the credit of it, it somehow takes away from our credit of it almost as if success and achievement is a zero sum game.


Like if I say I did this and someone else did this also, well then I did a 50%, 75%, I didn't do it wholly right? But if success and recognition of success is a positive sum game, like sharing success and credit with someone doesn't take away because it's not a matter of like a fixed or a finite amount, then community is all the more important because it's, you're not against the community. The community not only supports you and you support it, but you're deeply embedded within the other people's lives with whom you live. Ira, you have a a really great way of helping us reframe how to connect to each other in a value led way.


And I want you to share this exercise with our audience and lead us through it. You know, oftentimes when we think about like who we are and what we do and how we present ourselves to the world, we typically introduce ourselves through our job or through our family roles or through our community involvement, right? Like we'll say, hi, I'm Ira, I'm An ethicist. What is An ethicist? I have no idea. Or, hi. Hi, I'm Shoshana, I'm a doctor. Oh, I know what that is. So I don't have to say more. But oftentimes when we think about identifying ourselves by the roles that we have, whether they're social or communal, whether they're family roles, whether they're job roles, you both rely on assumptions of, okay, everyone knows what that is, but you also hide so much.


Like if I say, hi, I'm Ira, I'm a dad, you're like, great, I know you have kids, but do I know If you like them? Are you good with them? Do you spend time with them? Like do they know who you are? All of that is hidden, right? Where if I told you that, hi, I'm a dad. But what that means for me is I love spending time with my children, but most importantly what I love is showing them how to love the things that they do love so that they're fully invested in how they live their life. You know, so much more about how I teach my children. Probably the activities we do together.


You might think about like what our relationship is and so forth. Like it just tells more when you think about the activities than you do about the simply the roles. So, well, it also does one more thing. It reminds me of what I do and what I care about. So it's not simply just a projection outward, it's a reminder inward. So take a minute and think about what activities or interests light you up or how would you describe your character in the way you show up in the world? Or what beliefs or values guide you in facing challenges and opportunities And see how that goes. I did this exercise with like a bunch of senior leaders and executives and one executive told me afterwards that he had like a board meeting and it's a new board and it was like a little nervous and figured, you know what?


I'm gonna not do my regular spiel. I'm gonna do what you said, even though it sounds crazy and let's just see what happens. And he said that the feeling in the room before he introduced himself was very stiff. That and in a way that almost put him on the defensive, right? It was just super closed off because it expected the formality of the scripts that were always used to. And when he broke the script, people became human again. Right? So one thing that I suggest is scripts are good, they set expectations. Scripts are also really good to break because you can see what lies underneath. Yeah. Last question, IRA, If you could change one thing about the way that we think about living a meaningful life, what would that be?


Meaning and finding meaning is an active rather than a passive endeavor. Like let's not wait and think about how meaning can come to us. Let's search it out. Let's find it in a way that's exploratory and creative. There's one thing that I, I really like to tell people, partly 'cause it's funny, but mostly 'cause it's true. I like to tell people to think about new ways of being or new ideas or new actions as clothes that you're trying on just to see how they fit, right? Like oftentimes when we are thinking about what can I change, the very notion of the idea of change makes us feel like we have to commit to it before we even try it.


Like buying clothes from Amazon with no return policy. But If you can try things on and see how they fit, then you can see if you're comfortable in it, If you like it, and then you'll be able to see better options because you'll have more choices available to you. That's how you can squeeze meaning out of your life. Mm. I always learn so much from you. Ira, thank you so much for this conversation. No, thank you. Thank all of you. That was Ira Bedzow in conversation with TED Health host Shanna Ungerleider at TED next 2024.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Hi, I'm Maya from Girls At Invest Tax season is all about preparation. And if you're like most people managing your financial logins and documents, securely can feel overwhelming. One password can help bring order to the tax prep chaos all in one place. Right now you get 25% off your first year of one password individual or 50% off your first year of One Password families at one password.com/girls that invest. That's 25 or 50% off your first year at one P-A-S-S-W-O-R d.com/girls that invest or lowercase one password.com/girls that invest


Culture evolves at the speed of light, just like your financial needs when it comes to your money. Credit Karma keeps you in the know and ahead of the game. You can count on Credit Karma to keep up with your financial needs as they evolve. We'll help you monitor your progress and give personalized recommendations so you can make strides towards your goals and find your way to money Intuit, credit Karma, karma you can count on. Download the app today.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.