
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. In order to become more physically fit, we generally know what to do, eat smarter and move more. What about what it takes to become more mentally fit? In his 2024 talk psychologist Andrew Miki proposes one answer that could be a useful way to maintain self-confidence and avoid anxiety and depression. His talk on mental fitness is coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso, Justin wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are, and independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual life Insurance Company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin,


and now our TED talk of the day. What do you think is a connection between a pigeon's ability to count and human mental health? The answer has to do with learned behaviors. When I was on the path to becoming a clinical psychologist, my career veered in the direction of animal cognition and neuroscience. I found myself teaching pigeons to count using a process called shaping. You start by giving it some food every time it looks at a touchscreen. This creates connections in its brain that become stronger over time, even as the rules become more complex. So just like teaching a dog to stay, I eventually train the pigeon to peck at a red square.


When it saw two flashes of light and a green square when it saw three, I now had a pigeon that could count. This process happens gradually day after day until that learned behavior becomes a habit. I've worked in mental health over 25 years, and I've learned that just like the pigeon, our brains reinforce certain habits or coping mechanisms that help us feel better in the moment. I've seen thousands of educators, healthcare workers and first responders rely on coping mechanisms like procrastination, overusing their smartphones or working harder through a tough time.


This can backfire and train them to become anxious and depressed. For example, do you scroll endlessly on social media instead of getting to that task that fills you with anxiety or dread or late at night? Do you get a dopamine hit when you click on the next episode button? Procrastination can feel good at the time, but oh, the next day is gonna be a real grind. These coping mechanisms help us feel better in the moment, so it is not crazy that we do them, but if we kept repeating them and wonder why we're still stressed or anxious or burnt out, then what we're doing might be insane.


Insanity doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different response. Now, we might not be aware of our own insane patterns, but chances are we all have them, myself included. The good news is that if we understand our unhelpful coping mechanisms, we can all unlearn them to improve our mental health. Now, I'd like to share with you what I've learned from being a father. My awesome daughter, Natalia is now a teenager, but luckily for her, having a psychologist as a father means that I've worked hard to shape the connections in her brain, So she understands that the nineties grunge music is the absolute peak of all music ever.


My goal is for Natalia to be self-confident because I've never had a patient with clinical anxiety or depression. Also have high self-confidence. At the same time, anxiety erodes confidence. We tend to overestimate the amount of danger that we're in and underestimate our ability to cope with depression. We end up beating ourselves up to the point that we feel worthless and hopeless. But as people overcome depression and anxiety, their self-confidence grows. They begin to Talks Odoo themselves like a coach instead of a critic, to see how threats can become opportunities.


About five years ago, Natalia desperately wanted a smartphone, but I saw this as a threat to her self-confidence. While she would plead her case over dinner, I'd lean over to her and say, Hey, do you generally feel pretty good about yourself? And she'd say, yeah. Are you anxious? No, not compared to some of the people I know. Well, all of the research shows that the more kids are on a smartphone, the more anxious and depressed they become s Odoo. You want to be less confident and more anxious? Then I'd watch her face change from that youthful optimism to the cold reality that it just wasn't gonna happen.


And now back to the episode. Once Natalia finally got her smartphone, I could see how she was becoming like many of us who use it as a coping mechanism to seek reassurance. For example, imagine you're meeting a friend for dinner at 7:00 PM and they haven't arrived. You start to worry, am I in the right place? Did they forget? Are they okay? As the uncertainty increases, you start to feel anxious. You fidget, you feel butterflies, maybe a little uncomfortable. Eventually you pull out your phone to get reassurance by texting your friend, where are you?


When they respond? Just part. Your worry and anxiety is washed away and you feel better. Now, If, you sat with that discomfort and uncertainty, you'd strengthen your resilience to anxiety. There's a network in our brains that's like a muscle. It gets a workout every time we sit with anxious sensations and worrisome thoughts, but most of us don't sit with it. Instead, we look for reassurance and instant relief by texting. So just like the pigeon that learned to count, our smartphones can train us to become more anxious every time we use them to seek reassurance.


The danger of our coping mechanisms is that they make sense at the time, but they go undetected until we hit a perfect storm, a time in our lives when it seems like everything is going wrong and the energy in our internal batteries becomes depleted. For example, let's say over the past six months, Natalia's friends have treated her horribly. She got cut from her soccer team and our family dog died. This perfect storm depletes her internal battery to 40%, and she no longer feels like herself. Once she gets a bad report card, Natalia will revert to another coping mechanism to work harder through a tough time.


This has helped her succeed in the past, but with a depleted battery, she just can't get things back on track. This reinforces negative thoughts. What's wrong with me? Oh, nothing is working. I'm such a loser. Every time Natalia has these thoughts, the self-critical muscles in her brain become stronger. Her self-confidence crashes and her depression grows. If Natalia's like most of us, what can we do to break these patterns and improve our self-confidence?


Well, if it was physical fitness, we'd all have to start moving more. The mental fitness equivalent is to talk more. The issue is that there's still a lot of stigma attached to mental health. We tend to keep our struggles to ourselves because we're afraid that we'll be seen as weak or incapable. We need to change this narrative by talking more about the issues in our lives. By talking, we uncover our unhelpful coping mechanisms and that awareness is the first step to unlearning them. Now, here's the sobering truth.


Mental health is complicated and nuanced. You are all unique and your behaviors have been shaped over a long time. So I can't tell you what's best for you and your situation without knowing more about you. Instead, I hope to inspire you to take the time right now to learn more about yourself. And you can start by asking yourself these two questions. First, What, do you do when you feel stressed, anxious, or sad? And second, have these feelings gotten better or worse over time?


If the answer is worse, then you're relying on an unhelpful coping mechanism just like the pigeon that learned to count. Our brains have an amazing capacity to build new connections and unlearn unhelpful habits by trying something new. It could be learning new strategies like sitting with your anxiety. Breathe to take the edge off or my favorite. Balance your thoughts to become more self-confident. It all starts with us talking more about our own patterns of insanity and admitting that we all have them, even us nineties grunge psychologists.


Thank you


Support for TED. Talks Daily is from progressive home of the name your price tool. You can say how much you wanna pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. It's easy to start a quote. Visit progressive.com to get started. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, price and coverage match limited by state law.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With watsonx, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Andrew Miki speaking at TEDx three in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.