
Ready to elevate your skincare. Introducing Medicaid, a clinically proven dermatologist recommended British skincare brand known for age defying results. Defend your skin against premature aging with Medicaid's new C Tetra Advanced Gel Serum. This next generation serum pairs 20% powerful and stabilized vitamin C with barrier supporting phyto exosomes to visibly brighten smooth skin texture and improve wrinkles in just one week, delivered in a lightweight non-G greasy formula. Medicate c Tetra Advanced Gel Serum is the perfect addition to your summer skincare routine. Why wait for results? Discover age-defying brightness in every drop from Medicaid. Visit Medicaid us. That's M-E-D-I-K, and the number eight US Use code podcast 20 for 20% off your purchase today.


This episode is sponsored by monday.com. Let's face it. Work today moves fast, but monday.com is here to help with their work management product, which enables you to reach your full potential. It's built for more than just marketing teams. It connects entire organizations to gain full visibility, make better decisions, and bridge the gap between strategy and execution. The platform gives you real time insights into campaigns, content and projects, so you can see what's working, shift gears when needed and make data backed decisions without the guesswork. You'll go from being reactive to strategic plus with built-in AI capabilities. Monday Work Management helps your team work smarter, not harder. Maximize your marketing impact with the first work product you and your team will love to use. Visit us@monday.com to learn more.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I'm excited to tell you about a company revolutionizing home security. I am now using SimpliSafe and I'm so impressed by their active guard outdoor protection that uses AI powered cameras and real human agents to monitor what's happening outside my home rather than reacting after something's gone wrong. SimpliSafe steps in if something looks off it's security that thinks ahead. It's peace of mind that's become part of my daily rhythm. Arming my system each night knowing my home is protected, and you can try it this summer too with a 60 day money back guarantee. No contracts, no cancellation fees, just reliable protection starting at around a dollar a day. Listeners can get 50% off their new Simply Safe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. If you're hearing people use words like unalive and cooked or so cooked, those are examples of how social media is changing. Language linguist. Adam Aleksic shares the history of how young people come up with innovative words to get around limitations of social media platforms, and he explains how algorithms are dictating our speech patterns more and more every day. How many of you are familiar with the word unalive as a synonym of kill?


Show of hands. Okay, like 80% of you, great. Now follow up question. How many of you have heard the word unalive being used in person? Okay, I'm getting like 40, 50%. Great. Those of you that said no clearly aren't middle school teachers. If you spend enough time around seventh and eighth graders, you will hear them using the word. It'll mostly be in informal situations, but could show up in contexts like a student's essay on Hamlet's contemplation of on Liveing himself or a classroom discussion on the unalive that happens in Dr.


Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. And these aren't hypothetical situations. These are actual examples drawn from the thousand plus middle school teachers. I've surveyed about this word. It's a weird hobby of mine. I don't know clearly for such a recent word, unalive shows up in an impressive range of scenarios, but the main function appears to be euphemistic. Many kids use the word when they're uncomfortable talking about topics like death since Unalive sounds like a less scary word, and in many ways this is nothing new. We've been euphemizing death as long as we've had language. The word dece, for example, comes from Latin Deus, which was a euphemism for the previous Latin word for death, mors, apparently even the stoic Romans, whereas queasy about death as today's middle schoolers.


But there is a crucial difference between unalive and deceased, and that's that we only got the word unalive because you can't say kill on TikTok. They have a mysterious algorithm that removes or suppresses any post that might violate their community guidelines. So people got around with that with the word unalive. The middle schoolers don't know this. They see the word online or hear it from friends and assume it's a word like any other. And fair enough, you probably didn't know where the word deceased came from unless you're some kind of etymology nerd. But deceased didn't happen because it was impossible to carve the word morse into an ancient Roman tablet. We are entering an entirely new era of language change driven by social media algorithms As a linguist and content creator.


I've been in a unique position to see this happen from the inside. It's almost paralyzing. I constantly feel how my old language is being affected and judging from the 40% of you who answered both of my questions. It's beginning to change your language too, and it's not just new words to avoid algorithmic censorship. The very structure of social media is changing where words come from, how words get popular and how quickly those words spread. I believe some of you might be familiar with this song sticking out your yacht for the Grizzler. You are so skippity, your so phantom tax. I just wanna be your Sigma freaking come here, give me your Ohio.


For those of you out of the loop, these are the lyrics to the Grizzler song, A meme that went massively viral last year. It's full of current middle school slang, words like Rizz, yacht and sc, and was instrumental in popularizing those words to a broader audience. This is because social media algorithms reward repetition. If a song is funny or catchy and people interact with it, the algorithm will then push that song to more people since it's proven to drive engagement on the app. The same is true of memes or words in general. Since trending metadata, like hashtags will also be pushed to people who previously shown interest in similar content.


Creators are very aware of this, and we actively use trending audios or hashtags to make our videos perform better. In the wake of the Rizz song, for example, we saw an explosion of people making videos with the words Rizz, yacht and skibidi because they knew those videos would do well. And as a result, the words spread. Language has always been a little bit like a virus. Words are transmitted from one host to another reproducing and changing as they infect different people along social networks. But now the literally viral nature of social media is accelerating this process from start to finish in the span of just a year.


A word like rizz can go from complete obscurity to becoming the Oxford English Dictionary Word of the Year, and the algorithm is the culprit, but influencers are the accomplices. We use whatever tricks we can to keep you entertained because that makes our videos do better, which helps us earn a living. This means that we often end up creating and spreading words that help the system. For example, the suffix core has recently gotten very popular in Gen Z slang to describe specific aesthetics like cottage core or goblin core or angel core.


And on the surface level, these are cute. You watch a cottage core video, you like it. Later on, you get more cottage core content. You might even start to identify with the cottage core aesthetic. But here's the thing, it's all fake. The entire reason these aesthetics exist is because TikTok algorithm has decided that words like cottage core qualify as trending metadata. So creators respond by making more cottage core content that propagates the word and then more people interact with it, which makes the word trendier. And this happens because social media algorithms wants to make you identify with hyper compartmentalized labels since they can then give you extremely specific commercialized content catering to that identity.


Now that you're a cottage core person, you feel special. Every time you get a cottage core video, you're like cottage core. Well, the algorithm really knows me. The algorithm gave you that identity. You might even start buying cottage core clothing or cottage core decorations to fit your new lifestyle as a cottage core person. And that's exactly what they want. The craziest part is they're not even trying to hide. This tiktoks business platform openly claims that subcultures are the new demographics and then gives businesses ideas for how to profit off the cottage core aesthetic. Essentially, they're driving the mass production of identity building labels in order to profit off all of us.


And while there's nothing wrong with being on cottage core TikTok, it is a kind of echo chamber that affirms your cottage core personality. The same is true of any niche community created on social media. And on one hand, this is great for linguistics because language change is always driven by groups with shared interests that have a shared need to invent new words on a live, for example, became a thing because mental health communities on TikTok needed a way to share their stories and spread resources. On the other hand, some of the linguistic communities created by the algorithm can be actively harmful. Many younger people have started using the suffix pilled to mean convinced into a lifestyle.


If I recently discovered that I really like eating burritos, for example, I can say I'm so burrito pilled. But that word was formed through analogy with black pilled, a term meaning convinced into incel ideology now in cells are a dangerous misogynistic group. They've perpetrated multiple terrorist attacks that have killed dozens of people, and yet somehow the vocabulary is filtering into Gen Z slang because the algorithm gave these hate groups a space. I like to consume videos about urban design. And a few months back I got a video about how great it is to be a parking lot pilled pavement.


Princess Admittedly, I found the video pretty funny and I liked it, which ended up giving me more urban design incel themed meme videos like one about being fossil fuel pil and bad to the bone, and another about being a wok pilled cardio matcher. And a lot of people similarly encounter these words as they spread in ironic or meme context. Let's take another look at the Grizzler song, The lyric, I just want to be Your Sigma, refers to the concept of a sigma male, which in sales use to describe their desired position outside of the social hierarchy.


And again, on the surface level, it's a funny meme. It's innocent. Many people don't even know where it came from. But for the few people who might be interested in the underlying idea, it's now more accessible to them because of the way that slang spreads on the internet. It starts in some corner of social media, becomes a viral meme. And along the way, the etymology is lost to a lot of people. And this doesn't only allow communities to harm us, it allows us to harm communities. Two of the main demographics that come up with modern slang are the gay and black communities. Since marginalized groups consistently use language as a way to reclaim power, all of our most popular internet slang words, slay, serve, busin, queen, cooked, ate yacht.


Many, many others all come from queer or black culture. These words originated as a form of creative expression, independent from the straight white norms of the English language. But when those words began to be used online, they were quickly taken by people who wanted to capitalize on the perceived coolness or a comedic value of black and queer culture. When a word like yacht goes from an African American English pronunciation of God to being used as a noun for, but in memes like the Grizzler song, it's ultimately exaggerated in a way that makes a farce of its pronunciation and meaning. Its original importance is diluted as it becomes widespread. And you can be sure that none of the middle schoolers saying yacht are aware of its etymology.


Unfortunately, just like the euthanization of Unalive isn't new, the appropriation of African American English also isn't new. We've been whitewashing black slang since the days of cool and high five, which at this point have become so mainstream. They're just seen as regular words. But once again, social media algorithms, our vehicle enabling and accelerating this process from start to finish, they create communities that feel like they have a space to use their words and then open up those communities just enough to allow those words to spread. That's how we got unalive. That's how we got cottage core. That's how we got Sigma, and that's how we got gut.


Whenever I post a video talking about one of these topics, I inevitably get the exact same comment. We're so cooked, meaning we're so screwed. Ironically, this is also TikTok slang coming from African American English, but I wanted to address it. Are we in fact cooked? I know I've just painted a very bleak picture of the future of the English language, and there are a lot of concerning trends to unpack, but these trends all do follow the same historical patterns that we've seen time and time again. I don't think we're sliding into a dystopian 1984 scenario because we're always coming up with new ways around media censorship.


If a word gets bent, we'll just come up with another word like we did with unalive. I don't think middle schoolers are suffering from brain rott because younger generations always latch onto new slang as a way to build identity. And then older generations always say, ah, you're ruining the language. But just like the people who were saying cool and high five back in the day, the middle schoolers saying, risen yacht and SC toilet aren't gonna be incapable of writing an essay. I don't think our vocabulary is being corrupted by the commercialization of our language. We've already been using brand names like Kleenex and Google and everyday conversation. So cottage core isn't about to turn us into mindless consumer drones. I don't even think we're dangerously normalizing incel rhetoric. If anything, our slang is built on a shared mockery of incel ideas.


When a kid says something like, I'm so burrito pilled, they're not saying that because they're black pilled, but because the underlying idea is making fun of how in sales talk. In fact, I think each of these words is a beautiful, colorful addition to the English language that reflects the diverse cultural moment we're all in. But I do think we should be aware. We should be aware when the way we're talking may have been conditioned by the algorithm. We should be aware when the words we're using may have been engineered to sell us things. We should be aware when our language regurgitates extremist rhetoric, and we should be aware when that language can be used to harm other people. We should be aware of etymology in general because it helps us better understand who we are today.


We should be aware. And with that, I have just one final piece of slang for you. It's a common phrase used by younger people when we finish a long-winded explanation of something. Thanks for coming to my TED Talk. That was Adam Aleksic speaking at TEDx Penn at the University of Pennsylvania in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Support for the show comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Banks, Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


Ready to elevate your skincare. Introducing Medicaid. A clinically proven dermatologist recommended British Skincare brand known for age defying results. Defend your skin against premature aging with Medicaid's new C Tetra Advanced Gel Serum. This next generation serum pairs 20% powerful and stabilized vitamin C with barrier supporting phyto exosomes to visibly brighten smooth skin texture, and improve wrinkles in just one week, delivered in a lightweight, non greasy formula. Medicate c Tetra Advanced Gel Serum is the perfect addition to your summer skincare routine. Why wait for results? Discover Age-defying brightness in every drop from Medicaid. Visit Medicaid us. That's M-E-D-I-K, and the number eight US Use Code podcast 20 for 20% off your purchase today.


My husband and I recently realized that neither of us were getting the sleep we deserved. So we sat down and talked about our ideal beds for him. Softest feathers. For me, firm as a plank. This would be a huge issue if it weren't for the Sleep Number Smart Bed. Thankfully, with our new Sleep Number Smart Bed, we can each dial in our desired sleep number settings to our ideal comfort, and finally get the sleep we deserve. Plus the Climate Series feature makes sure our bed stays nice and cool through the warm summer months. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? And now it's the Sleep number. Everything Smart Bed Sale, every smart bed and base are on sale during our Memorial Day event. Up to 50% off. Limited time exclusively at a Sleep Number. Store near you, Cstore, or sleep number.com for details.