
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better. Head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show. Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation Funding?


Shadowy. Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs innovation and growth.


Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Picture this somewhere in the world. An Apple Card user is getting 3% daily cash back on the purchase of an iPhone 16 at Apple. That's not all. They also earned 2% back on the new shoes they bought using Apple Pay. Visit apple.co/card calculator to see how much daily cashback you can earn subject to credit approval. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents. Keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking, SimpliSafe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simplisafe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. So many of us dream of space exploration. Seeing our tiny blue dot from so far away, discovering new planets, soaring among the stars, Ariel bla brings space down to earth, so to speak, but not for the reasons you might think. Ariel and aerospace engineer and architect spends much of her time designing structures that will make it easier to build and eventually live in space. But as she explains in her talk, space is a frontier for more than exploration. It's a laboratory for solving humanity's biggest challenges.


After Ariel's talk, she and I sat down for a short conversation about the technology she's developing for space construction, the vast implications this technology has for engineering, health and climate, and why it's so important for us to dream big both on this planet and beyond. Ariel Egal, thank you so much for joining us. Thank You. It's great to be here. Congrats on giving a TED Talk. Thank You so Much. Talk us through the process of it and any surprises along the way. Yeah, so it was an amazing process to put together with my curator. I'm so grateful to the help that she gave me and not just shaping the talk, but the ideas and the framework behind the message that we really wanna share.


And that's what I think is so special about the process is refining to the very core. What is that idea that's so important to really share with the public and share with the audience? We have so many things that we take for granted in our field, which I think is true for a lot of folks. Coming from academia, it was really interesting for me to hear feedback and then also from folks that I was practicing the talk with what is familiar to people outside of science fiction who weren't steeped in it. Oh, interesting. From when they were a child, what is and isn't familiar to people about where have we been in space. People see The Martian and they think, oh great, we've had humans on Mars for some period of time. And really smart people can understandably think that there's this crossover now between hyperrealistic sci-fi and reality, what is real and what's not.


Yeah. So learning what really resonated with people and where they were at. Yeah. And learning to communicate to reach that audience was really an amazing experience for me. Yeah, it's really amazing how they've gotten it kind of down to a science. Yes. How to prepare people as they go through the process. Yeah, exactly. Something I was surprised about in your talk is to hear your framing of space exploration in service of the earth. Thank you. Lovely. Thank you. Hello, TED. It's lovely to be here. I once had a professor ask me, why in the world do we spend so much money on space exploration in the face of so many pressing challenges here on earth?


It's a good question and a tough one for me. I do believe in the beauty of space exploration for the sake of new knowledge. But space exploration does so much more than just inspire. Our space program has routinely delivered breakthrough innovations. The Apollo program gave us the foundation of modern computing. The International Space Station gave us lasik eye surgery contributed to that amazing technology, and now new technologies are coming online to enable lifesaving biotech in orbit and even deliver energy from space.


What makes all of this Possible, it's not something that we've heard much before on the TED stage. So can you break that idea down? Absolutely. So again, in science fiction, there's been this idea for decades, let's go and either escape the earth so something wrong has happened to the earth, or we've let it fall to pieces. And we think of space exploration as either an escape or a plan B. Right. What we really wanna argue at a rail institute where I do my work is we should be protecting the earth from the beginning. And we could use space technology to do that. And so one of the best things to do with space infrastructure, build these big structures in orbit, but do things like zero gravity biotech or space-based solar power that use space technology in service of earth's citizens.


And that's not to say that someday we won't explore Mars or someday we won't travel outside of the confines of the solar system. Yeah. But in the near term, we have so much opportunity to put space to work for Earth. So that's what we really mean by that is use space technology and bring it back down to earth. So it's not just pushing to new frontiers for frontier's sake. Exactly. Or exploration's sake. Right? Yes. But it's in purpose of something. It's in purpose of something. And I am enough of a scientist. I love exploration just for the sake of new knowledge, but we also have to remind the public why it's relevant for their day-to-day life. People know about GPS Yeah. In many cases, right? Yeah. This is space-based technology that powers the precision of where you are with your phone. It's why Uber works so well.


But there's now an incredible slate of new things that we could be doing in space, but we need to build up the infrastructure to do it. And that's what people haven't heard about before. Instead of building space habitats to go away from earth, let's build up more infrastructure in low earth orbit to serve earth, to help earth. What new things? What do you feel are the most urgent problems that should be solved? Or could be solved? Yes. With better understanding of space or this change of infrastructure as you discussed? Yeah. The first is that we know that things like proteins, the building blocks of life, sure. They fold differently when they're floating. And when you're in space, you're in free fall. So you have this sensation of floating and if the proteins fold differently, that means that there's all kinds of different drugs and therapies and cures that can only be made in space.


Mm. You can stabilize them and then you can bring them down. So a great example is artificial retinas. There's a really cool company called Lamb Division that has figured out how to make an artificial retina in orbit. Wow. You can't do it on earth because it starts to sag. Wow. Gravity basically pulls the really delicate little tissue down, but you can do it in micro G, you can stabilize it and then you would be able to cure macular degeneration once these retinas are inserted into the back of the eye. So it's like a simple surgical procedure. Amazing wild, amazing gift from space. That's wild. That's the first one. And then totally different outside of the healthcare field, there's this huge potential to get energy from the sun. Right now, the sun's energy has to filter through our atmosphere.


Yeah. So it has to go through the clouds. Yeah. So solar panels, particularly in like a rainy Vancouver, are not gonna get as much energy. But we could put solar panels above the atmosphere above earth, get raw, unfiltered sunlight concentrated, so it pierces through the atmosphere better and basically treat it like a flashlight so you could shine energy on earth even at night, which would fundamentally solve the storage problem for solar power or the intermittency problem. Wow. So really cool infrastructure. You should be building safely, things like this that could again, leverage this environment of orbit for the benefit of life on earth. So assuming there's buy-in for this at scale, what kind of timeline are we looking at?


Hmm. For the biotech habitat, we think in the next five years there's gonna be this race to fill the market gap from the International Space station being decommissioned. Oh. So we already have a space station in orbit that does a little bit of this, but it's more like one-off research projects. It's not a high throughput bio factory. So I think in five years we could be able to credibly say that we could do another commercial space station focused around biotechnology and really scale up what the ISS did. Okay. Space, space solar power is a little trickier. We've known how to do it since the 1970s. So it's not a science question like fusion. It's really a question of the funding and the engineering ability to assemble thousands of solar panels in orbit.


So you can imagine, you know, it takes 10 or 15 years, sometimes 20 years on earth to build a nuclear power plant. Yeah. We might similarly take 10 or 15 years to build that infrastructure in orbit and then be able to deliver the, the clean energy. So space-based solar power is more of a middle term investment, I think. Does the political environment and the changing attitudes, I guess, and the changing economy and situations Yep. Here on earth, does that have an impact on your timeline and and these visions and how so? It definitely does, and I think it's important to remember. Luckily space exploration is still one of of the few bipartisan things. So at least in the us in our political climate, it's really special.


And we actually really treasure it that we can still get support from both Republicans and Democrats for space. We're lucky that the current administration does care about space. So I think as an area where we can expect some additional government attention, it's gonna be able to be funded. Okay. But we do worry about groups like NASA having their funding cut and how that could change. You know, where other groups like us are able to apply to do some of this scientific and engineering precursor work. Yeah. Got It. I also think it's important to think about the ways in which we can democratize access to space. So for some of this infrastructure we're building, we want people to know that you could commute to space. Wow. Or maybe your kids could commute to space for a job. We do see this kind of self-sustaining, burgeoning space economy.


Hmm. And there's enough investment and enough excitement about this that we think it'll no longer be purely dependent on government funding, which is really important for it to mature as an industry. So keep that in mind. If people are listening, you might be able to commute to a job in space in the future. Wow. But of course, anytime you are building infrastructure, that's a major drain on resources. Yes. So talk us through environmental costs. Yes. And how much it Would require. What the chaos. Yeah. Yeah. So one of the biggest challenges we have in the space industry right now is the current carbon footprint of rocket launches is not significant at all compared to aviation. But if we succeed in increasing the frequency of launches, which is what everybody wants to do, then it does really become a serious issue.


So one of the things that we think about to be able to achieve this infrastructural level building in space, yeah. We need to be able to do cleaner mass to orbit. It needs to have a lower carbon footprint than it does right now. So there's really interesting new rocket engines, liquid oxygen, hydrogen engines that are cleaner than hydrazine cleaner than some of the old types of rocket fuel. There's also really cool new companies where it doesn't work for humans 'cause we're a little fragile. Our biology's very gentle. But for things that are just mass like cargo that you need to get to orbit, you might be able to do it with a mass driver or a slingshot. No way. Get it off the earth without a rocket. And so then there's less chemical propulsion burden on the planet.


So definitely a huge area of focus for the space industry. How can we be responsible as we scale Up? So there's a near future in which you could slingshot like a container. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah, exactly. Normally travels on a container ship, you can Yes. You slingshot Space, send off space. Yep. Yep. That's amazing. And that's in order to have a lower carbon footprint, right? Yes. Yes. Exactly. Yes. We're doing it to, we're doing it for the environment people. We're doing the environment. Right, right, right. All right. Well it is no secret, I'm sure not a secret to you that the fields you are in are heavily male dominated. Yeah. And so I'd just love to know how you've navigated this as a woman.


Yeah. And what kind of lessons you've taken from being often kind of the only one or one of the few in a room. One few. I'm really lucky in this regard. My mom was one of the first women to ever fly for the United States Air Force. No way. So she was in the second class of women pilots admitted into the Air Force. She ultimately became an instructor pilot and taught the guys how to fly in her particular Squadron. Oh, like top Gun? Like in Top gun. Yeah. My parents met in pilot training. So they do have a bit of a ridiculously adorable top gun story. My dad was a fighter pilot, but my mom being one of the first women ever allowed to fly, she really raised me with a sense of pride. And she used to say things from the time I was really little, girls are good at math. Just reinforced the fact that you have just as much Right.


And opportunity and natural ability to go out and really succeed and and try hard. So I bring that with me in all the different things that I do. It really helps to have had a role model. Yeah. And that's important. I think that we now show women who would be coming up behind us that there are role models. Amazing women like Gwen Shotwell who runs SpaceX. She's so, am I allowed to say badass? She's so badass. And that's an example of young women can look at that, whether they're in, you know, middle school, high school, undergrad, graduate school and say, oh wow, there is a path for me in this industry. I might be one of a very few number of women in my quantum physics class, but there's a example and I know that I can achieve that. We also work really hard at Aurel Institute, the nonprofit that I run.


Yeah. To give opportunities to people from all walks of life, not just women by any means, but really thinking about people who traditionally might not have had an aerospace door opened for them. And through bringing them on a zero gravity flight, affectionately known as the Vomit Comet, we try to introduce more people to this opportunity to be part of the workforce of the space industry now that it's burgeoning so incredibly. And arguably just you being on the TED stage and just being more externally focused too, and is a way of role modeling and showing. I hope so. Indeed. I mean, showing other folks and younger people, especially in marginalized communities, that they could do what you do. Yeah. That makes and have a very multi or polysyllabic title Polysyllabic.


Well, let's bring it back to your experience giving a TED talk. Mm. Because one of the struggles with especially scientific TED Talks Yes. Is there's so much nuance, there's so many ideas that you can, so Many things I wanna say. Exactly. So many things that you wanna say that you then have to distill into a single talk that's usually 20 minutes or less. So what was something you ended up cutting or that you really wanted to include that you would love to take this platform and this moment to share? Oh, that's such a great question. Thank you. There's so much I wanted to say. Yeah. And it is a, it's a really, like I said again at the beginning, it's such a good exercise. Yes. To be asked to distill your ideas down. But something I'd love to share with this audience is before the research that gets shown in the talk happened, the missions to the International Space Station, we did six years of zero gravity flights of lab testing just on a benchtop in the MIT media lab with strings suspending the tiles, learning how to actually do robotic self-assembly.


And so in a TED talk, you often see kind of the end glory state. Yes. And the most recent thing that got you there. But there's so much development in science and engineering, so much iterative prototyping and failure and you know, recreating the idea that builds into that. So I wish, yeah, I could have shown all of those hours in the lab building up to the very first space flight tests that we did. Okay. Well you got to talk about it now. Thank you.


So you just started using LinkedIn Premium now what? Well, on your premium company page, you noticed around seven and a half times more page engagement and five times more page views. Well done. And now new clients are messaging you all because you're using LinkedIn premium, which helps you get the business growth you want. Think big, small business, think big. Start your free trial at LinkedIn dot com slash premium small business. That's LinkedIn dot com slash premium Small business.


Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court. And American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.


We will now go into a lightning round and it's just a fun way to get to know you outside of the TED Talk topic specifically. So, alright. First question. What does innovation or a good idea look or feel like to you? Ooh, this is gonna come from my physics background. I like it to feel elegant. Something that we think a lot about in math and physics. Something that doesn't feel klugy, doesn't feel over-engineered or over innovated. Mm. It's something that is maybe a new as yet unknown idea that is an elegant solution to a problem. And sometimes it speaks for itself and sometimes you have to really search for it. But that's probably what first comes to mind. Okay. What is something new that you brought into your life in 2025?


I Don't know if this counts, but I recently moved to New York. I decided to split my time between Boston where my MIT lab and the team is, and then bring a little bit new energy by moving to New York and kind of expanding my sphere of activity. Yeah. And so that has been really delightful and a good change of scenery for me. Bringing New York into your life for 2025 is pretty big. It is lovely. Yeah. I think That count, I lived in Boston for 10 years, so it was time. I think that counts. What are you hoping to leave behind by the time the year's out? Ooh, That's a great question. In the team, we're in basically a startup mode constantly. And so something that my chief of staff and I always think about is survival. Survival level, fundraising, surviving in the global economy, survival in all of these different ways that a young fledgling startup has to think about.


I would love to get to a point at the end of the year where I've taken care of my team, we're pretty well funded, we have the pathway to really do the meaningful work that we wanna do in orbit, and I can shed some of that survival scale mentality. So this conference obviously focuses a lot, or at least in the last few years on ai. Yes. For you, what do you feel like the conversation around AI is missing or what's not talked about enough? I actually heard the amazing poet Salme today who just gave her TED talk as well say that we think about AI as the kind of scary boogeyman sometimes of all these things that it might bring forward.


But there are so many fundamental things to still solve for humanity. Her point was, why are we worried about these superhuman super thinking structures when so much of the earth's population is still not yet literate? Hmm. Hey, everyone jumping in quickly to say that Ariel is referring to poet Salomi Agbaje here who shared a beautiful poem at TED 2025. Salami's performance will be coming out in just a few weeks. So make sure to keep an eye out on the feed for that. And now back to my conversation with Ariel. And so I actually think one of the things that's missing that she did such a great job of calling out is let's not get obscured. Absolutely. We should think about AI safety.


Absolutely. We should think about all of the amazing ways to integrate this miraculous technology. But let's remember that there are still fundamental pockets of humans who need help in a less technologically driven way. Maybe technology is part of the solution, but go and remember that while we're solving really complex problems that AI brings us that are new. Yeah. We still have some really fundamental Yeah. What About clean water? Yeah. What about clean water? Yeah. That's exists too. Yeah, exactly. Some of the mundane things are still just as important and just as critical to solve. And I thought it was a wonderful part of being, you know, here in the TED community is to have been reminded of that. That's lovely. That's lovely. Okay. Off the TED stage. Yes. What's a fun talent, skill or hobby that you have that you love so much that you can give another TED talk about it?


Ooh. I am obsessed with tropical botany. I have something over 40 house plants in my house and I love trying to keep semi-tropical plants alive in Boston. Quite a challenge. Yeah. And yeah, I just Do You have a green house? Like what do you do? Do you have to create an environment to allow them to survive? Some of them get sprayed, some of them can get misted. I give them special water. No tap water. You have to filter out the soft dissolved salts that are in a lot of our drinking water. So they get ridiculous attention. And I don't quite have a greenhouse, but someday I would love to have a separate greenhouse for the botany, the botany project. Where Are you on talking to plants? Ooh, I'm pro. Definitely pro. Yes. Yeah. A lot of people Talks Odoo plants and they swear by it. Yes. They say that like plants seem to To respond to it.


Respond at at least. 'cause you're giving them the attention and you know when they need water. That might be as Basic as it could be that yeah, here's the scientific explanation. 'cause it does seem kind of woo like, oh, we're all connected. Whereas living things by this yes, collective unconscious, but maybe it's just like, oh, I'm paying more attention to, I'm more attention to my plan. I know whether I need spotter or not. Yeah. Okay. Is there a regret you have a mistake that you've made in your life that's really taught you something? I had a wonderful conversation with another kid speaker that reminded me of this the other day. I went through a really tough situation with my mom. She got really sick a few years ago. She has since recovered. That period of taking care of her was incredibly intense. It happened to overlap with the pandemic, but the sense of fulfillment and mattering that I had and she had in that time feels actually so much more profound sometimes than even my day-to-day work.


And I love my day-to-day work. I love working on space exploration, but I basically don't want to have the regret in 10 years of having focused so solely on a aspirational ambition that I didn't do the things, the very human things that just help you feel fulfilled and grounded, like taking care of your family, being there when someone really, really needs you. And it was another wonderful conversation that TED, that was just such a crystallization of that's how you avoid regret is don't get so caught up in your own excitement, which can be a good thing that you forget some of the really fundamental like basic human needs around fulfillment and taking care of others and being needed. Yeah. That's beautiful and a beautiful reminder. Ariel, thank you so much.


My pleasure. Thank you so much for having me. It's been great talking to you. Yeah, it's been a delight. That was Ariel bla in conversation with me. Elise Hu in 2025. You can check out Ariel's talk on the TED Talks Daily feed and at TED dot com. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced by Lucy Little and edited by Alejandra Salazar. This episode was recorded by Rich Amys and Dave Palmer of field trip production support from Daniella and Shan, who the TED Talks Daily team includes Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, and Tanika SanMar Nivan.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse


When it comes to your business. Every second counts from mega factories to mom and pop shops. Ericsson helps tens of thousands of companies around the world build powerful connections every day. Power your business with our connectivity and communication solutions. The invisible advantage driving your growth. Visit us at erickson.com/power. That's E-R-I-C-S-S-O n.com/power.


Change starts with listening. If You have a heart, activism is just a natural step into the next part of who you are gonna be as a person. But how do you turn that feeling into meaningful action? Don't try to fight bad legislation. Write your own legislation On all about change. We Talks Odoo inspiring people about their purpose, what gives them hope and drives them to create change. So join us. Find stories that fuel your own journey. Listen to all about change wherever you get your podcasts.