
TED, Audio Collective. Hi, TED Talks Daily listeners. I'm Ted's head of Media and curation Helen Walters, stepping in for Elise Hugh. And today we're bringing you something a little different. It's a new format from the TED stage that we're calling On the Spot, where an iconic speaker responds to a lightning round of questions without any advance prep. First up, you may know him from RuPaul's Drag Race. It's the Emmy winning drag icon, him himself, RuPaul Charles. You'll also hear me join RuPaul on stage for a moment at the end. It's a treat.


Enjoy it after a quick break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks Daily is sponsored by adt. ADT knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on Ad T. Visit adt.com today.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Hello, darlings. Now we are gonna do a, a new format here, which is On. the Spot. I'm told it's On, the Spot. And I will be answering a series of questions, so we'll see how this goes. Alright, let's start with our first question. And again, I have 10, 10 minutes, so we'll see. I I bet I can do it faster than 10 minutes. Define Bravery. Define Bravery. I think Bravery is the ability to follow your bliss and, and make no excuses for that. Alright. Define brilliance. I think allowing yourself to be a vessel, a channel so that the source can work through you and you align yourself with that source.


I think that's brilliance. What's the power of drag now? The power of drag. It's like the Superman suit to Clark Kent. It allows you to expand your idea of who you are, of what you are. And it's a very simple trick and it works. I, I recommend everybody try it tonight. What's the best way to slay? Know thyself? Be thyself. You are the best version of, of you. So you can slay that way. I get a round of applause for that. Thank you. Over here, what's the first thing you notice about someone?


I, I notice their aura. I can see, I can sense what they're about, what they're, what they want. You know, for years I learned how to sort of shapeshift myself into what I felt someone needed from me. Listen, not the greatest thing in the world to do because you, of course, you leave a little bit of yourself behind. But it sure did teach me a lot about reading someone's character, you know, and, and my own character. Alright. What trait do you most value? A sense of humor people. A sense of humor. My favorite thing to do in, in the world is to laugh.


My favorite thing in the world to do is to laugh. And I've done a lot of things, but If, you have a sense of humor? Yeah, because I think If, you have a sense of humor. You get it. This is all an illusion. Okay. Don't take any of it too seriously. Alright. What's the wisest way to be an adult? Well, to be an adult you have to be able to keep your mouth closed because there's a lot of things you wanna say in the situations, but an adult knows better.


You know? It's true. It's true. You can't say everything to everybody. You really just, you can't. I wish we could. I wish we could, but we can. Alright. If there's one thing you want AI to keep in mind, what is it? I don't like that question. Which of your dreams have not yet come true? I would love to be able to put together a retail storyline that is just as magnificent as Patagonia and esprit and all the things they've done. I'd love to do that. Maybe there's, maybe there's time. Yeah.


Oh, hi. What's the best way to say goodbye? I really don't like saying goodbye. I, I never have, but I've learned to, to be in the moment and to actually acknowledge someone. And the time that we spent together, I've learned how to, to sit in that. I, I think I was always too sensitive, so I never liked to say goodbye. So the best way to say goodbye is to do it deliberately and to acknowledge that, you know, this could be the last time I ever see you. So, you know, I'm gonna acknowledge that and stay in the moment.


That's Great. That's fantastic. And now back to the episode. That was gonna be 10 minutes and I have four minutes and 37 seconds left. Do you wanna chat? You want to, Shall we? Let's do it. Okay. Who has a question for RuPaul? Oh. Oh, I thought you were gonna chat with me. Well, you know, questions from the audience. Why not? Well, I'll tell you why not? Oh, I don't think in all the years I've taken questions from the audience. I really, mostly people like to make comments.


That's true's true. And we, we don't really want comments. No, that's true. Yeah, that's true. I maybe you and I should come up with a few questions to ask me. What Would you like to tell everyone? Okay. Alright. RuPaul, what is the best piece of advice Oh, you've ever gotten? That's a Good question. Yeah. Thank you. My 10th grade teacher, Mr. Pinnell in Atlanta, Georgia. He said, RuPaul, my real name do not take life to seriously the emphasis on too. He actually used some dirty language in there and you can fill in the blanks where he put it, but you Can also swear on this stage Of time.


No, no darling. There may be Christian children here, darling. There are None. Yeah. Well, I can guarantee it, But no, it was the best advice at the time. I was in 10th grade, you know, I Dr I flunk the 10th grade. I repeated the 10th grade and then I dropped out in the 11th grade. But of all the time I spent in school, that was the most valuable lesson I ever learned. And as the years went on, it became more and more valuable because there you have, it's like we are actors on a stage and the, and it's as if the actors believe that they say 12th nights, some Shakespeare thing.


The actors actually believe they are the characters they're playing, you know, and, and drag and laughter and all those things. Shake it up to say, Hey kiddo, you know, you're only playing a role. This show will close. And we're gonna go on to the another show and another show and another show is gonna be fabulous. Yes, it sure is. So don't get too invested in 12th Night, darling. So Ru Paul don't get too Yes. RuPaul is your real name. Why did your mom call you Ru Paul? Well, e is, I will answer that question. I just want to say, if there are any people who wanna get into show business, do not use your real name.


It's my real name because it ends up on all your, of your, the public papers and all that stuff. And you know, you're at the, the gynecologist or at the, in the dentist chair and you know, they know all your business, you know. But my mother, my my mother saw a psychic when she was pregnant with me and the psychic said, you're gonna have a boy and he's gonna be famous. So my mother thought, you know, I'm gonna name him RuPaul Andre Charles, because ain't another MF in the world with that name. Yeah, true. My real name. True. Yeah. People call me Ru though. Who is your favorite person on the planet? My best friend who I happen to be married to.


His name is George Lebar and he's so lovely and kind. I, I think the greatest attribute humans can have is kindness. That's number one. Number two is a fat ass, but, and he's got both. He's got both. And he's, he's really, he's Australian. He's absolutely lovely. He's lovely. Okay, we Have 45 seconds, 40 seconds stopping. What's your favorite thing about television? Oh my gosh. I learned everything I know from television. I love it. I'm watching a show called Murder.


She sat down and she wrote, right now it's about 45 years old and I can't get enough of it. I can't get enough of it. I love it. Murder. She sat down and she wrote, alright ladies and gentlemen, it has been so much fun. Thank you. Thank you so much. Nah, give love to somebody. So


Talk Daily is brought to you by Progressive. Progressive helps you compare direct auto rates from a variety of companies so you can find a great one, even if it's not with them. Quote today@progressive.com to find a rate that works with your budget, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations.


Hi, I'm Bvo s host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With watsonx, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was RuPaul Charles at TED 2024 If. you are curious about Ted's curation. You can find out more about it at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. Thanks for letting me join this week's episode. Bye for now.