
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hume neurobiologist. Glen Golden is like many of us, a dog lover, and his belief in the capabilities of our creatures led him to ask whether furry friends can be bio detectors and detect infectious diseases with their noses. In, his 2023 talk. Golden shares another way. Dogs are earning their nickname as man's best friend after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it. The most


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters. Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com


And now our TED talk of the day, You know how smoke detectors work, right? So imagine if we had something like a smoke detector, but for diseases, instead of testing the air for smoke particles, this alarm would look for tiny traces of an odor profile associated with being infected by a virus. For example, all day long 24 7. But the second the odor profile reached a certain concentration, the alarm would start blaring immediately. You would know that you were sick, that you should see a doctor, or at the very least that you should isolate yourself.


Ideally, this mechanical nose would sniff out a virus before you showed any symptoms or spread it to anyone else because if we learned anything from the COVID-19 pandemic, it's that testing matters. And the sooner we know you're infected, the better. A mechanical nose like this could stop pandemics in their tracks, and not just for humans, but for animals too. Take the high pathogen avian influenza virus that left 53 million chickens dead in the US alone and caused egg prices to skyrocket. It's easy to test chickens for avian influenza virus, but there are tens of thousands of chickens at any given farm.


So which ones do you attest? Wild water foul are basically asymptomatic and can transfer the virus just by landing on the farm. And If, you do have a sick chicken. By the time you get the results back, it's probably too late. The whole flock is sick. What we need is a mechanical nose testing the air 24 7 nonstop. That is the ultimate end goal of my research. Well, not just my research, but a whole field of biologists, chemists, mechanical engineers, and physicists studying odor and scent detection.


But building a mechanical nose is really hard. The mammalian olf factory system is incredibly complex, detecting thousands of odors across combinations of millions of olfactory receptors. We have a lot to learn before we can design this disease detecting mechanical nose, but I know how we're gonna get there using everything we're learning about how dogs smell disease and wildlife. For decades, we've known that dogs can smell cancer, high and low blood sugar, seizures and other non-infectious diseases. They're not just smelling the disease per se, but the metabolic results of being infected If, you have diabetes, for example.


Your sweat, blood and urine smells differently when you have high blood sugar. That's why doctors use stiff or even taste their patient's urine to test for diabetes. Thank God for modern science, right? But you can train a dog to detect high blood sugar the same way by rewarding them with their favorite treat or toy. Anytime they indicate they smell the correct sample, they quickly learned to pick up the odor that will get them the reward. Of course, this is very useful information for an individual with a specific disease, but what about on a larger scale?


Can we train animals to sniff out in infectious diseases and stop their spread? I believe the answer is yes. My obsession with all things animals started when I was a little kid, but for a long time it was just a hobby. My real passion was being the front man and lead vocalist of a band called Fatal Attraction that toured around the New York Tri-state area. In fact, this is the first time I've been on a stage since 1991 after my best friend and drummer died in a motorcycle accident.


I can tell you that being here on stage is nothing but surreal. And if I look behind me, it's not because I'm looking at the slides, but I'm looking for that alloo grin of my brother behind the Red Drum kit. The end of his life was the end of my music career. I'd have to find a new passion. After a long deep depression, I reemerged as a scientist and continued on as a dog decoy. You've probably seen us on TV before. The guys wearing the big padded suits, getting repeatedly pummeled by police and military dogs in training.


Yeah, sounds like the perfect career for a big guy like me who just went through a traumatic life event getting attacked repeatedly by dogs. But I loved it. I spent all day working with dogs and around the same time I kept seeing MSA all over the news. Hospitals developed extensive cleaning protocols and still patients got MRSA. I thought surely dogs must be able to smell MRSA. So my initial naive as hell idea was to bring dogs around hospitals to detect specific areas where Mercer colonies were growing kind of like a drug dog at the airport.


I just missed the small detail that no surgeon was gonna let me let a dog into a room where they'd be exposing patients with large open incisions. Not that I would let that kind of detail stop me. So off I went to Monell Chemical Census Center, the leading research institute for chemo sensory sciences, where I met Dr. Bruce Kimball, an analytical chemist and the late Dr. Kunio Yamazaki, who had successfully shown that mice can detect avian influenza in duct fecal samples. While I was working on another postdoctoral project for Bruce, they were looking to do the next round of avian influenza virus studies.


This time using a different species as the bio detector. My first thought was giant Gambian pouch rats, the hero rats you've seen detecting landmines in Africa. But Gambian pouch rats are a highly invasive species in the US and there was no way that they were gonna let me import any. And now back to the episode, And then I read a research paper about how ferrets interact with humans like dogs do. Yeah, ferrets ferrets can hold your gaze and If you point your finger, they'll follow it to see what you're pointing at.


So we ordered eight young ferrets and got to work to figure out whether ferrets can accurately detect avian influenza virus. We train them using two different chemical samples, one with an odor similar to an infected duck, and one with the odor similar to a non-infected duck. If the ferret alerted by scratching on the correct box, we click the clicker to mark his behavior and then gave them a tasty reward with a syringe. Very quickly, ferrets learned to identify the sick duck chemical samples with 90% accuracy, and that's great for in the lab.


But if we wanted to use ferrets to detect avian influenza in real life, they wouldn't be sniffing pure chemical samples. But real duck poop and poop is obviously more socially salient, aromatically complex, a lot of competing compelling odors in a very tiny little package. We still had the fecal samples from the mouse experiment that had been sitting in a minus 80 freezer for the past six years. We put five boxes in a row, four with negative samples and one with a positive sample in a different order each time. So the ferrets couldn't predict which box contained the positive sample.


I remember watching each ferret approach the positive box, smell it for a bit, and then start to move on to the next box, and my heart would sink. But before I could even sigh, every ferret spun around and slammed their paw down on the box holding the positive sample. The ferrets were right 79% of the time, and they could detect the odor change a day before and at least one day after traditional medical testing. The next step was to transition to dogs because as much as I love ferrets, they just aren't suited to high traffic places.


I mean, imagine seeing a ferret on a little leash at the airport on an egg farm or at a highway stop sniffing livestock, crossing state lines. It would be hilarious. It would be adorable, but it would also be imperfect because ferrets are prone to distraction and less motivated than dogs, especially in chaotic environments. So just like the ferrets, we trained up a group of dogs and they could detect avian influenza virus. It didn't really matter which breed of dog so long as they were physically capable of doing the job and very motivated.


These dogs could work on chicken farms, do a quick scan of the chickens every day and sniff out bird flu before it spreads to thousands of other birds. Hunters coming off the lake with their harvest could use these dogs to tell them which ducks were infected and which weren't. But what about other diseases? Recently, my team has been working on chronic wasting disease and white-tailed deer. Chronic wasting disease or CWD is a fatal, highly transmissible disease that affects cervids like deer, elk, and moose. If. you never want to sleep again.


Feel free to look up prion disease after my talk. Basically, prions cause cause proteins to misfold in the body, which then accumulate in the nervous system, resulting in sponge offor encephalopathy, which is really just a fancy phrase for huge holes in your brain. Literally the stuff of nightmares. CWD spreads from infected deer through bodily fluids and tissues. So it's not just deer to deer contact, that's a problem, but the environment as well. A healthy deer can get CWD by drinking from a water source where a sick deer had drank from days or even weeks before.


So using the same techniques we did with the avian influenza, we trained dogs to detect fecal samples from CWD infected deer. The dogs were 94% accurate in the lab and 80% accurate in the field even when they were distracted by moving tractors and combines. That means we could use lab trained dogs as a rapid non-invasive tested hunter. Check-in stations to prevent hunters from eating CWD infected deer meat, and we could deploy them to live deer forms to alert farmers of infected deer in the herd.


This research is groundbreaking. Our results suggest that not only can dogs ferrets and rats accurately detect the odor profiles of infectious diseases, but in some cases they can do it sooner than a traditional medical test. And like I said earlier, timing is everything. The faster you detect a disease, the sooner you can eradicate it in the long term. The more we learn about odor detection, the faster we get to a mechanical nose. And though it may be many years before we have both a smoke and a virus detector in our homes, dogs, ferrets and rats can be deployed to labs worldwide in a matter of months.


So the next time you get a rapid non-invasive pathogen test, it might not be a human with a pipette, but a little ferret on a leash doing all the work. Animals really are our best friends. It's not just that they love us unconditionally, it's that they can truly save our lives. Thank you.


Hi, I'm Bvo Sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Glen J Golden speaking at TEDx Mile High in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing Pacino European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible, along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions that changed and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power. You need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your projects. There is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pocket. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent, we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What are the solutions? Well, Basically the key aspect is to put your money at work. And by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy, and now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not. So search for it. Ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, how Is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend, and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror, is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way. That's what we offer and it's pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store. Maybe you will see us there. What are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think, and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term. Two, diversification and three progressivity dollar cost. Averaging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank You, mattess. Now let us hear the last word, The most important one, dare. You should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you. Nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the App Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App Store, and we are happy to support you in building wealth across Europe.