
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh Thomas Domkey started from severely information restricted beginnings in East Berlin to become the CEO of GitHub, one of the most influential tech companies today In his 2024 conversation with the co-curator of TED AI Vienna. Vlad Gosman Domkey reflects on the startup ecosystem, smart regulation for the future, and how to best prepare for the next generation of innovation.


It's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader Through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters, Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com.


Dear Toyota, I need a word with you about your Crown family. Suddenly, I love traffic rush hour's. My happy place in the comfort of my crown, I feel on top of the world. This is strange though, right? The captivating Toyota Crown family Toyota. Let's go places


like TED Talks. You should check out the TED radio hour with NPR. Stay tuned after this Talks Odoo hear a sneak peek of this week's episode And now our TED talk of the day. Obviously people know you as the CEO of GitHub. You're at the helm of what I would say is the most pivotal tool for, for developers worldwide, and also a player early on in NDI game with copilot. But before we go into, into all that, and GitHub, I, I wanna go back a bit. I'm curious something, what people might not know is how did you get here?


I took a plane from here, but I think you're asking me about my life's journey. I was born in East Berlin in 1978, and, and so for the first 12 years of my life, I didn't really have access to computers. There was a robot to a, an East German clone of a Z 80, I think, in the geography lab that we were allowed to hack a little bit on. And then I bought a Commodore 64 in the early nineties. And you know, it's, it's been forgotten. You know what that was like, right? I had to buy like a, a yellow book. It was called literally called the, the Big Commodore 64 book. And then you taught yourself coding and there was no internet to go, right? There was no forum, no Reddit, no GitHub.


You had to either figure it out yourself or you had to go to computer club on Wednesday and hope there's another nerd there that, that knows the answer, the question. In 98, I started at university, a technical university in Berlin, and you know, one of the big benefits was that you had a landline internet connection from there that didn't cost any money compared to a OL and, and Comper serve. And I bought SUSE Linux in the bookstore to, to get into the world of open source. And, and obviously I found lots of other nerds on the internet to ask all the questions in, in the news groups, the Usenet and, and, you know, went through my, my career journey. And when the iPhone SDK came out in 2008, I, I thought it's, it's time to do something new.


I quit my job at Bosch at the height of the financial crisis in late 2008 to become an independent software developer that builds iPhone and, and Android apps. And of course, you know, through the cloud, I was able to also distribute all my apps and then later build a platform called Hockey App that was acquired by Microsoft in 2014. And that then moved me from Stuttgart all the way to Seattle, where I got lucky in 2018 to be in the right time, right place, we part of the Gator acquisition and ultimately, you know, be here on stage as the gi up CEO. What a journey. Yeah, it all has led to this moment.


But you know, it's a, it raises an interesting point, right? You've, you've been successful here in Europe up to a point, and then you left. I mean, your further steps were even more successful, I would argue. But you left. So I'm, my, my next question is, you know, how how do we keep the next Thomas Domke in Europe? What does Europe need to do? Microsoft made me leave. You have to say it like that. Although of, although it being honest, it also was always a dream of me to live on the west coast in the nineties when I was a kid. I felt I was born too late to be part of the home computer revolution.


But then obviously now where we are today, it's clear that there was another one with mobile, another one with cloud, and now we are, and one with ai. And so I think, you know, maybe if Microsoft buys a German company today, they would just say, you can work from home. As you know, hybrid work or remote only work is much more prevalent than it was 10 years ago in 2014. That said, so, you know, if I look at my hometown in Germany, I can come up with three things that definitely lacking. And the first one is school and schooling, which it's ridiculous to me that we don't teach kids in first grade how to code. Like we, we, we teach kids physics, biology, and chemistry that you're almost never use in life anymore.


But we don't teach them how to build software for their smartphones and for the computers that we all use day in, day out, right? Like, think about that for a second. We are like, we, these are the most important devices in our lives. You know, it because you can barely meet anyone that doesn't have their phone in their hands anymore, whether it's in the subway, whether it's on a plane, whether it's at work. And so I'd say schooling needs to dramatically change. And you know, it's easy to blame the system and think about, oh, the politics have to change something. I think it starts with us as parents to really encourage the schools to think ahead and, and, and think outside the box of what, you know, frontal lessons are. And used to be when, when, when we went to school. The second one is startup in the startup ecosystem. It's so hard to found a company in, in, in Germany and Austria in many European countries.


The GMBH has to go away. That's just the fact that you see a lot of German startups that the first thing they do is they go on stripe atlas and click in a Delaware lc, because that's much easier to collect angel investments, right? We have so, so much like relations in in Europe, GDPR, you know, D-S-A-D-M-A, you name it, that, that startups need to follow instead of building, building cool shit, right? Like that's, I think, the biggest issue we have where, where we need to build a new ecosystem that startups, because we know from the innovator's dilemma that disruption is coming from startups. The big incumbents cannot create disruption. There's exceptions of course, and, and you know, hopefully GitHub and Microsoft are seen as one, but the, the regular mode is that startups are that the, the companies, the, the founders are the ones that are pushing society forward.


And then lastly, you know, infrastructure, you know, my hometown on their webpage, they're saying 95% of all households have broadband internet, but what they mean is 50 ambit. That's, that's not broadband. When my kids stream Netflix or YouTube and play Minecraft with their friends and have a WhatsApp chat open all at the same time, I can no longer, you know, join the zoom call with you to prepare the session. And I think this is where the, the European Union ultimately needs to go in and, and have, have an infrastructure package and not bridges and, and streets and all that. That's, that's good too, but like BroadB and internet fiber, fiber everywhere. Well, some, some might argue that, that that regulation is good.


How you stand, how do you stand on that Regulation is good if you're a big company with a big law department and big enterprise customers, because then you can go into a sales process and say, here I check all the boxes. So you don't have to argue with the legal team and the DPA and and whatnot. Instead, you can just, you know, go through the sales process much quicker. But it's not good for open source innovation. It's not good for small startups that do not wanna, you know, spend all their, all their money on billable hours for, you know, consulting company or for a law firm, right? And so there needs to be exceptions in those regulations. Innovation needs to be focused on en enabling researchers, open source developers and startup founders to, to move really quickly. And then if they reach a certain size, when they actually become relevant to the systems.


Same with banking, right? When they become, when they becomes relevant to the system, that's when the regulation, the, the strongest of regulation needs to apply. And do you see, so, you know, like we, we live through this really fast paced, really, really fast paced environment with, with ai. Do you see it now leveling the play playing field internationally? And again, with, with a bit of a perspective on, on Europe? What, how, how does that change? You know, the game for a small company, a startup from, from Germany for instance, I think changes the game from two sides. And one is actually on my shirt, it says, you know, copilot speaks my language because you can use copilot chat, GPT, almost all these AI chat bots in, in the language you grew up with here in Austrian and, and Germany, it's German, right?


Most 6-year-old, 7-year-old, first second graders, they speak mostly German or Croatian or Italian, Spanish. While the open source and the software industry are mostly English speaking and So, if you want to learn coding because you have already played Super Mario or Minecraft, you, you don't wanna learn English first. What you want to do is build a little game, because that's what humans want to do. They want to create something. And so they can now approach this by just asking, you know, in German, how do I create, you know, a snake game or pong game, or how do I build a Minecraft extension? And they don't need parents at home that have a technical background, right? Like If, you don't have anyone at home without, without AI that can help you with when you're stuck.


And that's the most important moments when you learn something is when you're stuck. How do you unstuck yourself? So not frustrated and just throw it away and, and go back scrolling through tiktoks. That's the moment where AI is really helpful, and that's where I believe there's a huge democratization going to happen. And it's already happening in countries like, like India or Brazil. The second piece is, you know, the Europe has slept through the cloud transformation, like most European countries are way behind on the cloud transformation. It's If. you look in, you know, the targeted report that came out a couple of weeks ago, of the top 50 tech companies, only four are European. And I'm sure most of you cannot actually name those four. I can only name one SAP.


And of, in the last 50 years, there has been not a single European company that has been founded, that has reached more than a hundred billion in market capitalization, while the $6 trillion companies in the US all have been founded in the last 50 years, right? That's where the opportunity with AI is. We get a fresh start. We don't, we don't need to, you know, catch up on the cloud as much as we need to be, be all in on ai. And it starts all with you, right? Like we can always blame it on the politics and on the system and on our bosses. It starts with all us of us embracing this new technology. I'm, I'm assuming that's why you're here today, you know, and hopefully tomorrow you're using some AI in your life or figuring out how AI works and, and how you can leverage AI in your career, your startup or, or your team.


And now back to the episode. Yeah, thank you for that. I, I wanna push back though a bit because it sounds, and probably this, this, this is a criticism that Silicon Valley usually gets, right? It it sounds tech optimistic. Yeah. Right. What about, I I, a comparison that I've, that I've always heard is, you know, we're, we're living through perhaps a new industrial, a new type of industrial revolution, right? When I think back on the industrial revolution, the actual one, it had really heavy short term consequences. So what would you, what would you say to somebody who would call you a techno optimist? What's wrong without, with being an optimist?


What would be my first response, especially as a German, I think, you know, being optimistic is separating me from the masses. I think we as humans have the challenge that, you know, we love to focus on the day by day and the day by day, whether that's in our lives or that's in the stock market is often has lots of ups and downs, and we focus heavily on the downs because those are impacting us emotionally much more than the up. But if we actually zoom out 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, or if I go back to my grandfather generation, you know, my father was born in 1939, what life was back then, there is no question that life has gotten massively better.


Like, massively like life in Europe, in Germany and Austria, everywhere here and everywhere around the world has been, has gotten so much better. Our lives are so much more comfortable. Our houses are so much warmer, we have food available, and obviously with technology like smartphones, the internet and FaceTime, it's also much easier to travel all around the world to live on the other side of the planet. You know, I moved my family almost 10 years ago to Seattle, and we call, you know, our, our parents every weekend on FaceTime. That wasn't possible, you know, when people immigrated to the United States a hundred years ago, right? So we, it's, it's undisputable that the world has gotten better, and I think we should have optimism that we can make it better ourselves. But of course it starts with us.


That's what I said earlier, you know, we need to all have the mindset of I can change the world, I can make the world a little better place. My first job after university was with Mercedes-Benz, or back then Diamond Chrysler. And their slogan is the best on nothing. I feel like Europe needs to go back to this. Like, we want to be the best in everything. We wanna be the best in soccer, right? And we are kind of like the best in Formula one because all, almost all the Formula One teams are from, from Europe, but like, let's, let's apply that model to all the things that we are doing, all the ideas that we are pursuing, all the companies that, that we are building. And I think we are going to create naturally a better world in the long, in the long run. Well, I sure hope so.


And I wanna pick up on, on something you said earlier about us teaching our kids to code very early on. Now AI is changing the game there as well, right? It, it's, it influences the way we code perhaps though making coders obsolete. So what would you say if, if, like I would argue, okay, you develop technology that makes coders obsolete. Why should we teach our children to code If? you look back, you know, at the journey, at my journey that I described earlier, we could have asked that question at every point of the way every year. You know, you could have asked me the question when we went from, you know, cassette tapes to floppy dust, to hard drives, when we went from punch cards that I, you know, first saw in my mom's office in the eighties to, to, to assembly language basic, and all of a sudden higher program languages when we went from, you know, no open source at all and we build it all from scratch or we typed listings from computer magazines and most of the listings were actually code, there were check sums because you could put more check sums into the box on the page to the internet and, and open source components.


Today, no startup anywhere around the world, and no big company anywhere around the world is starting a new project without leveraging open source components, right? Open source operating system like Linux, open source editors like vs. Code, open source container technology like, like DACA and Kubernetes, thousands of open source libraries. When you, when you start a new React project, you immediately have hundreds, if not thousands of libraries in your dependency graph. And, and, and that means millions of developers have contributed to, to your project because they build all these open source libraries, they made your life easier, but they haven't replaced the demand for software developers. In fact, If you are in, in, in, in software development or If. you are in a company that has software developers.


I bet you anything or your feature requests take way too long for your personal perception because the developers have effectively two backlogs. They have their innovation backlog, you know, their own ideas, their product managers ideas, their customer feedback or these kind of things, the innovation that drives the company forward. And that's an endless backlog. I will never be done with the guitar backlog. I will just retire and give up and somebody else comes in and, and, and takes over with my team. And then on the other side, we have the, the, you know, the tech debt, the compliance requirements, all the European regulations and the California regulations, security, privacy, accessibility, all these other things that you also have to do because If, you don't do them.


Your customers don't trust you anymore. You have a security issue and you have to go to the press and tell them that you lost all the customer data, which is often, you know, driving a customer company close to, to bankruptcy. And so you have to balance those two backlogs and they're both endless. And you can't only do this one and you can't only do that one. So you need to use AI to bring it a little bit down, further down so developers can actually innovate more. And now with ai, they no longer have to only do backend and frontend. They have to do backend and frontend AI and offline evals and online evals and prompt engineering and new models left and right, right? So I'm sure you know, there's bunch of sessions for that as well. And so I don't think we are running out of work. I think we are drowning in software, right? Mark Andreesen, mark Andreesen said, software is eating the world.


Over 10 years ago, software has eaten the world and where software developers are drowning in code and we're still managing Cobo from the fifties and sixties at the same time. Hmm. Yeah. So what you're saying is, with AI even more work for developers, and I know GitHub is sort of aiming for a world where even more developers are enabled to, to, to work and cooperate, maybe share a bit of, of that vision. What, how would we get to a world where we have not a few hundreds of millions of developers, but over a billion developers, for instance, At GI have one of our most important values, if not the most important values that we have.


The saying is we always put the developer first in every decision we make every product design, every process. My HR team is using GitHub, my legal team is using GitHub, which also means guidelines are much easier because it's just a diff in a pull request. And that comes with, you know, the conviction that If, you wanna put developers first. It means you wanna put, make developers happier. 'cause happy developers are productive developers. Productive developers are, are innovating and, and building great software. And so copilot is following that vision because we really built copilot back in 2020 'cause we wanted to make our developers a little bit more productive, a little bit more happy. And, and we believe, you know, that journey will continue throughout the next years.


If. you think about the original copilot was just predicting the next line of code, multiple line of codes, you know, complex algorithms, often just boilerplate. You could explain code, you can now document that method. You can write test cases and you can all do that in natural language. And that building block, you know, of a line of code or multiple lines of code is going to grow as the AI becomes more powerful. We'll have smaller agents that write, you know, a whole module or a class, something that tests all, all our software. So we don't have to write test cases. I don't know many developers that love writing test cases. It's more like how little test cases can I get away with? And so I pass code review and can move on to the next, next cool thing. So we really, you know, are on the journey of sparking new ideas of enabling people, you know, to write a, a, a short prompt and, and getting a, a little mini game, a little webpage, a little module, a piece of code that get pushes them forward that lets them keep, stay in, in their creative flow.


I, I know many people that use co-pilot both in their work life, you know, from Monday through Friday, but also are telling me this is so great for my hobby projects that I work on on a Sunday afternoon because I only have limited amount of time. And getting back on my hobby is hard if I constantly have to go, you know, to my browser and look things up, how things are done instead of just staying in that flow. So we wanna spark ideas, you know, we wanna keep developers in the flow and we want to enable, you know, a billion people on this planet. 60 year olds, you know, 20 year olds, 50 year olds. Anyone who wants to learn coding, to learn coding. That's kind of a great future. If, you ask me now before we go, I know we're running out of time, but I'm curious, I mean a lot of people know GitHub here, a lot of people know co-pilot.


I'm curious, If, you can share what, what comes next? What is GitHub working on? So our conference coming up and we have a lot of exciting announcements that I cannot share with you today, but I think, you know, it goes along that, that journey that I, that I had mentioned, that we, we will, you know, introduce a new product that let you spark new ideas and where you can explore those ideas and, and build a little cool apps. Great. So a nice teaser. Looking forward to finding out more. Thomas, thank you a Lot. Thank you so much. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer to compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Support for this podcast comes from Odoo. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected, and each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's od O oh.com.


That was Thomas Domkey in conversation with Vlad Gosman at TED AI Vienna in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


National Geographic fellow Dan Butner studies, places around the world where people live well into their nineties and beyond, but he doesn't think a long life should be that unusual If. you do everything right and you have an average set of Gs. You can set your financial plan at age 95, Nurturing longevity. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. Subscribe or listen to the TED Radio Hour wherever you get your podcasts. PRX.