
This is Paige de Sobo from Giggly Squad. This episode is sponsored by Boost Mobile, the newest 5G network in the country with compelling deals for new lines. Boost Mobile makes it easy to switch today. Boost Mobile is no longer that prepaid wireless company you remember. They've invested billions into building their own 5G towers across America. With Boost Mobile's Networks customers enjoy the speed and service they'd expect from the big three plus groundbreaking benefits you'd only get from a true challenger of the industry. Boost Mobile will let you try the network risk free for 30 days. So visit your nearest Boost mobile store or find us online@boostmobile.com. Today.


Race the rudders race, the sales race, the sales captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hume. You've probably seen in the grocery store the salad dressing bearing the face of actor Paul Newman. It's called Newman's Own, and it turns out the brand gives 100% of its profit to purpose, purpose-driven causes, all of it. In HER 2024 talk, the president and CEO of Newman's own foundation, Alex Amouyel sheds light on the ingredients it takes for other companies to follow suit. I was at a restaurant in Miami a few months ago in the now super trendy Winwood district.


Right at the center of the menu I noticed a $26 cauliflower tops with goat cheese and she chito herb vinegarette. Now, $26 for cauliflower might already make you angry, but what my friends and I found particularly absurd was the restaurant's proud announcement that If you purchase this one dish, they would give 1% of the proceeds to environmental nonprofits. So let's do the math. That's 26 cents and we can solve climate change. Yay. And it was just this one dish on the menu you wanted to order the barta with seduce green tomatoes, tough luck for the planet.


This restaurant is not the only culprit when it comes to paying lip service to corporate. Giving this type of greenwashing in my mind is worse than doing nothing because it obscures who's doing really good work from who's good at marketing the very little that they do. So you have to read the labels and the fine prints. And I have to admit, this is an occupational hazard of mine. I am the president and CEO of Newman's own foundation and our mission is to nourish and transform the lives of children who face adversity. What makes us unique is that the foundation owns a food company. A hundred percent of the profits and royalties from the sale of Newman's own product go to the foundation in service of our mission.


So when we put cauliflower on our pizza, it's a hundred percent we give away not 1%. When I tell people what I do for a living, the most common reaction I get is, wow, I grew up with your salad dressing in my refrigerator, but I had no idea you gave a hundred percent of profits away. A hundred percent. Really, you should put that on the label. Yes, we do put that on the label every label, but I understand the confusion. Our message sometimes gets lost in a sea of greenwashed products to the point that is almost unbelievable when we say we give a hundred percent away.


But we've been doing this for 40 years and I realize it sounds unbelievable or even radical to build a business and then give all the money away. But you know what sounds more unbelievable to me? That we live in a world where children still go to school hungry, a world where only the fortunate few win the lottery of birth and have the choice with what they do with their waking hours. So when we have that choice, why will we choose to build organizations to optimize click rates, to get us addicted to stuff we don't need just to maximize shareholder value? Why not build organizations set up to maximize impact?


We need different models, systems, and institutions, and I firmly believe organizations like ours that a hundred percent for purpose can show us the way they can serve as proof points for doing business, philanthropy, and yes, capitalism differently. And this is not about tearing capitalism down. On the contrary, it's about using its mighty power for justice. Bold ambition I know. And it all starts with salad dressing or as our founder, Paul Newman would say, using salad dressing for shameless exploitation in pursuit of the common good.


Paul Newman actor race car driver activist, and a man obsessed with good salad dressing, obsessed. So much so that he decided to turn his obsession into his a business. Paul and his friend Hoch invested $40,000 of their own funds to get Newman's own started. After a year they had turned a profit of $300,000. That surprised them. Rightfully so. It's the type of quick return even a venture capitalists would be delighted with today. But it's what Paul did next that most surprised him. He gave it all away.


So since 1982, Paul and Newman's own have given away over half a billion dollars to good causes, and this helps spark what I call the a hundred percent for purpose movement. A hundred percent for Purpose Club is is small but mighty Patagonia joined our ranks a few years ago. There's also Grameen in Bangladesh, humanics from Australia and the self-employed women's associate in India founded by Activist Elba, which now counts over 2 million members a hundred percent. For purpose organizations combined the best of the for-profit and non-profit business models. They can be organizations truly devoted to serving people and the planet while still operating sustainably.


They also avoid the pitfalls of both models constantly having to beg for money in the nonprofit world or having to put shareholder interest above all else, no matter the cost of the planet and its inhabitants. So how do you make a hundred percent for purpose business working practice? I told you this was about salad dressing. And so just like any good salad dressing, it's the alchemy of the right ingredients. First ingredient, make a profit. Sounds obvious, but we know many companies who never have, and listen, this is not about making a profit in your first year, but you have to remember if your goal is to give away as much money as you can, you want a good business and product with steady positive cash flow from Australia.


Adam McCurdy and Joshua set out to create a hundred percent for purpose business from the ground up. They founded an event ticketing company called Human, not because they thought, wow, ticketing such a cool industry. On the contrary, they saw a promising market because people hate ticketing platforms with high fees, bad customer service and monopolistic trading practices. One of these companies recently got into trouble with the US Justice Department and Taylor Swift. Honestly, I dunno which one is worse. People thought Adam and Josh were also radical because they built a high growth tech business without taking $1 from venture capital, but I'm happy to say that in eight years they're profitable and have already given away close to $7 million in grant funding.


Which brings me to ingredient number two, raise money, right? You can't give away a hundred percent of your profits today or in your or in the future If you give away control to investors who are not aligned with your vision. Yvo, the founder of Patagonia, declared Earth to be the company's only shareholder in September, 2022 to great fanfare. He could only do this because he had kept Patagonia private for over 50 years. And let me be clear, this doesn't mean you can't raise money as a hundred percent for purpose business. By definition, you're trying to be cashflow positive that makes you attractive to banks and lenders for loans.


You can also tap into sources. Few for profits typically have access to grants and impact investments, for example. All of this brings me to ingredient number three, reverse the governance people have done assume that as I head up a corporate foundation, I report into the food company CEO. It's actually the opposite, and that makes all the difference. When Paul died in 2008, he gifted the food company to the foundation that was heavily discouraged at the time. Congress had passed a law in 1969, making it hard for foundations to earn more than small stakes in for-profit businesses to close a tax loophole.


Newman's own worked with legislators to support the passing of the Philanthropic Enterprise Act in 2018, paving the way for this new type of organizations and allowing nonprofits to corporate entities under the right circumstances to align with the Philanthropic Enterprise Act, we keep the food company and foundation quite separate with two distinct boards of independent directors. Because the governance is reversed, the food company's board reports to the foundation's board. We have a common brand, but the foundation's dollars can't be used to market the products and the food company can't tell us what organizations or causes to give to. And unlike a number of private foundations, we don't have an endowment.


Why? First, because Paul said let's give it all away. He didn't say, let's hoard it first so we can exist in perpetuity and then just sit there giving away the 5% minimum required by law. Overall, I love being endowment free because our donors are the millions of consumers who buy Newman's own products and we give away all that we can every year because children who face adversity in the US cannot wait. Fourth and final ingredient, forget the competition. They are playing by the rules that got us to where we are today. You have to trust that being a hundred percent for purpose is the way to win over customers, employees, and realize your mission.


Yes, you can't give company stock options, but you can provide your employees with good salaries, great benefits, and a real sense of purpose. And that's what 95% of college graduates are looking for in a job. You might not have the dollars for big splashy ads, and you can't slash your prices so low and lose money to meet your competition if they're willing to do that to gain market share. But 66% of customers, and especially 91% of millennials say they would switch to a new product from a purpose driven company. Most importantly, remember the end game success is about being all in for impact and showing everyone there's a different way to do business and capitalism.


Imagine what we could do if 10% of us companies joined our ranks or 10% of global companies. The last thing I'll say is this. Paul used to tell the kids with cancer he met at the summer camps he founded to go raise a little hell and perhaps a little hell raising is exactly what we need to fix. This absurd world where some people can afford $26 for cauliflower and just a mile away other have to send their kids to school hungry. I invite you all to joining me in raising a little hell go create, convert, and work with a hundred percent. For purpose organizations, the world cannot wait.


We can and must build organizations and systems differently, and in doing so, we can use capitalism's mighty power in service of justice. Thank you. That was Alex Amouyel at TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan.


Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today at E-Trade dot com terms. Another fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley. Smith Barney, LLC member Sipick E-Trade is a business Of Morgan Stanley.


Stanley, does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This podcast is brought to you by wise, the app for doing things in other currencies, sending or spending money abroad. Hidden fees may be taking a cut. That's why you should use wise, get the currency you need where you need it for less. Tap to pay in. Pesos and Cancun, easily move pounds to London from paying overseas bills to sending money to family back home, you have up to 40 currencies in the palm of your hand wise always gives you the real exchange rate like the one you usually see on Google, which means you'll spend less on fees and more of your money gets where you need it to be. Join millions of customers managing their money with Wise. Download the Wise app today or visit wise.com. Terms and conditions apply.