
Hello, my name is Laura Byer. I'm the head of brand Partnerships at TED. I'm also a graduate of Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business, where I joined a diverse and globally connected network of business leaders dedicated to building a meaningful legacy. My transformative time inside and outside the classroom provided me with the knowledge and skills to address complex issues and identify new opportunities in the workplace. I engaged with the Georgetown community in ways that sharpened my strategic, analytical and communication skills, all grounded in a values-based approach to business. I'm now connected with accomplished alumni who support one another's personal and professional journeys.


When I finished my master's program, I was ready to excel in business and make an impact on society, which I've been able to accomplish. Here at TED. You can earn a master's degree that fits your future, build your legacy with Georgetown McDonough. Visit msb.georgetown.edu/ TED.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void?


Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please, for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront Payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. There's a lot that AI is capable of these days, but can it match human creativity when it comes to humor? Former New Yorker cartoons editor Bob Mankoff, put the machines to the test when it comes to cartooning and quips. In his 2024 talk, he shares what he learned from trying to get AI to make jokes, Whether you're thrilled by what AI can do for us or terrified, but what AI is gonna do to us. Whether it can be funny is probably not top of mind for you.


It is for me. I don't care if it turns all of us into paper, as long as they're funny paperclips, and the fact that it makes stuff up hallucinates for me, that's not a bug. That's a feature. My entire career was making stuff up. They're called cartoons. There is no algorithm for humor. But now with the rapid pace of ai, I have to wonder, could there be a bot? Manko? You might think my reflexive answer to this would be, how about never?


But while I don't wanna be replaced by a bot, I'm not above being helped by it. Steve Jobs famously said that computers are a bicycle for the mind. If that's the case, what's ai? A rocket ship. And at my age, you know what? I'd settle for a walker. The fears of machines replacing humans are not new. When the goals of machines and humans go horribly awry, at least for one of the parties, cartoons don't happen in a cultural vacuum view.


They're part of the zeitgeist. The guy who vented cybernetics, Norbit Wiener, who said thinking machines were putting us on the eve of destruction. Now, sadly and tragically, Norbert Wiener died, but not by a thinking machine, but by an unthinking one. He was run over by a bus. That's not true. I made that up. I hallucinated it because it's funny. So these fears are not new, not novel. But now in the immortal words of Nigel Tufnell of Spinal Tap, they go to 11, they're cranked to the max, and here is one of the maximum pranksters of all time.


Elon Musk saying AI is one of the biggest threats to humanity, but certainly not as big as Elon Musk. People Like Elon have a P doom number. That's the probability AI is gonna wipe us out. I think P doom is p dumb. I'm interested in P Funny, and I've been using the New Yorker caption contest to look into the probability of that.


Every week since 2005, the New Yorker has presented a cartoon without a caption and challenged its readers to come up with the winning caption in the caption contest. And for that, they get the glory of being in the New Yorker magazine, a huge amount of money, a house in The Bahamas that Sam Bankman freed. Actually, it's just the glory on the page of the New Yorker, there's a contest. You enter the finalist from a few weeks before three finalists and a winning caption. So it's staggered in that way.


Each one of these images are funny. They're in Congress. You certainly think they're humorous, but they're not funny in a way that you get they're not mentally funny to make it that of course, you need the right caption. Okay, but with up to 10,000 captions every week, how do you select that? Now, from 2005 to 2000 early 16, that burden fell on me on my assistance, but mainly my assistance to CU to try to cull the good captions from what we un charitably called the captions.


But then in early 2016, for the benefit of all humanity, but mainly for me and my assistants, we switched to crowdsourcing. So now for every contest you vote online, and a funness score from over a million judgments is given for all the captions. Now, overall, I'm against mob rule, but actually in this case, the mob does a pretty good job. Usually the finalist, almost certainly, almost all the time. Really, the finalists come from the top 200 captions.


Well, this, this is popular not only with the New Yorker, but it's caught the eye of data scientists, creativity searchers, cognitive scientists and every, and AI, of course, and everything adjacent to ai. I wasn't really surprised when Vincent Van Ho, then the chief data scientist for Google's DeepMind. Now, the head of robotics sent me this email indicating that winning the caption contest, which was actually some of the squon of human creativity and intelligence. And I was also flattered by that, of course, but I didn't think they had any chance at all of doing it.


And it turned out that was the case. All of the AI juju circa 2016 wasn't up to the task. It really couldn't even decode the image. So for the quinine of the human mind, deep mind was non compost menis and out of its depth, but time and AI marched on AI marching quadruple time. Vincent gets back to me and says, while human creativity might still be out of reach, we think we have understanding well in hand. He sends me this ridiculous Uber nerd example of explaining humor, and I said, you know what?


Let me give you a cartoon. I did in 1997 in this other watershed moment when IBM's Deep Mind defeated Gary Kasparov, the World chess champion, and here's the cartoon I did then. And it says, no, I don't wanna play chess. I just want you to read the lasagna. I rate this explanation A solid B minus, but so what if it was an A? Is there ever gonna be a beautiful New Yorker cartoon anthology of explanations? I don't think so.


But the idea that understanding humor could be a stepping stone to creating it sort of made sense. This paper I was involved in tried to look at compared to smart humans, what were the best ais do on three tasks? Could they, from winning captions from this different contests matched to the right image? Could they between two captions, one that won and the one was pretty good? Pick the right one, and could they explain the humor Now for all of them, you know what? Yay, humans, we're still ahead, but AI is closing the gap.


The most interesting thing about this paper for me was it showed a pathway for which you could create cartoon humor, and that was how we trained the contest for six hundred and sixty, six hundred and fifty three contests. The AI was trained fine, tuned on these examples, which humans annotated a description of the cartoon expression of the humor, okay, If you use chat GPT, you sort of get the idea. Now, put a number of examples like this. Put it in the prompt window, rinse and repeat, and you get new cartoons.


Well, Jack Hessel, the chief chief author of the paper, did something more sophisticated, and what he did was create 50 synthetic new cartoons generated from this old data in which there were five options for captions. I picked four of them, and I gave them to cartoonish, Shannon Wheeler to draw up. Now, Shannon said, well, these are weird. They don't really seem like it's sort of an uncanny valley of cartoons. They're not quite there. But it is interesting. All of these are new cartoons that ever appeared anywhere that are an an idea of human of computer creativity.


But I do see this now as a tool for brainstorming for cartoonists in that we played this completely straight. Shannon wasn't able to manipulate the description of the picture or the caption. Had he done that, it could have been better. Also. We could have asked it to make more. We could have put in the rankings for the humor. We could do all this to improve it. So quality comes out of quantity. You can get an awful lot of quantity here. You can have a human being in the loop to do this, but I would not go so far to give AI a true human sense of humor.


A human sense of humor is not about making a joke or getting it. It's rooted in our vulnerability. It's the blessing we get for the curse of mortality. Mark Twain said, the true source of humor is not joy, but sorrow. If we gave AI the thousand natural shocks that flesh is aired to, that would be cruel. If we did that, it might very well want to wipe us out.


And if they did, all I ask is that they take Elon first. Thank you. That was Bob Mankoff speaking at TED XU of M in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan.


Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea For your feet. Thanks for listening. Hello, my name is Laura Byer. I'm the head of Brand Partnerships at TED. I'm also a graduate of Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business, where I joined a diverse and globally connected network of business leaders dedicated to building a meaningful legacy. My transformative time inside and outside the classroom provided me with the knowledge and skills to address complex issues.


I identify new opportunities in the workplace. I engaged with the Georgetown community in ways that sharpened my strategic, analytical, and communication skills, all grounded in a values-based approach to business. I'm now connected with accomplished alumni who support one another's personal and professional journeys. When I finished my master's program, I was ready to excel in business and make an impact on society I've been able to accomplish. Here at TED, you can earn a master's degree that fits your future, build your legacy with Georgetown McDonough. Visit msb.georgetown.edu/ TED.


Your old or broken phone can let you down when you need it most. Perfect. But at Verizon, trade in any old phone from our top brands and get the most for it. Up to $2,000 in value for an amazing new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence and a new line on my plan and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. That's like a three for one, and you can get it on any plan at Verizon Trade in your old phone for a brand new iPhone 16 Pro, iPad and Apple Watch. The other guys won't give you that. Visit verizon.com today. Additional terms Apply service plan required for Apple Watch and iPad, up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch.


To get people excited about Boost Mobile's new Nationwide 5G Network. We're offering unlimited talk text and data for $25 a month forever. Even If you have a baby, even If your baby has a baby, Even If you grow old and wrinkly and you start repeating yourself, even If You start repeating yourself, Even if you're on your deathbed and you need to make one last call or text right, or text the long lost son you abandoned at birth, you'll still get Unlimited talk text and data for just $25 a month with Boost Mobile Forever. After 30 gigabytes, Customers may experience slower speeds. Customers will pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on the Boost Unlimited Plan forever.