
TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are, and independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money cy@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Hi, I'm Bella s Odoo, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects, and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, fiscally responsible financial geniuses, monetary magicians. These are the things people say about drivers who switch their car insurance to Progressive and save hundreds. Visit progressive.com to see If you could save progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states or situations.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Gabriella Lascano found out the hard way that the body positivity movement wasn't as inclusive as she thought, but her experience helped her find a way to keep speaking out for bodily autonomy and health. She shares her journey in her 2024 talk. I always believed in what I thought was body positivity. I believe that you should love yourself at any size while still working toward any health goal you may have. People of all shapes and sizes deserve love, respect, and equal opportunities.


But in our discriminatory society, we don't always get that. Growing up in the Bronx, I watched people struggle drugs, finances, poor living conditions, and I always wanted to bring joy and positivity to those people through my various talents, of course. But when I was growing up, fat people were not the figureheads, the models, the pop stars, right? Fat people were non-existent or the butt of the joke. So I found other ways to express myself and share my personality with the world and my message of self-love. In 2010, I made a YouTube channel.


After years of watching other content, I was inspired to make my own and my natural confidence drew people in. I started to see myself as a voice for plus-size women, women of color, and others who felt disenfranchised like I did. I made videos showing my outfits and my makeup, my hair, and tips on what stores had plus size friendly options. And by just being myself, I grew my channel to almost 200,000 subscribers, and I was helping people like me. I felt so much love from women like me who were sending me heartwarming messages about how I was the reason they felt brave enough to wear a bikini for the first time in their lives.


Eventually, this led me to the body positivity community online, a place where people supported each other, people of all shapes and sizes. I personally never put a name to what I was doing. I, I just knew I wanted to be a beacon of life for others who experienced similar struggles to my own. But the body positivity community was a place where people celebrated different bodies. It felt like a warm blanket, and it was a space where everyone uplifted each other no matter what. You look like a place where my body wasn't a hindrance to my success, but a welcome piece. Of course, there were people outside the community told me I was glorifying obesity, right? You hear that a lot.


You are glorifying obesity, how dare you? But I never let that stop me, because positivity will always be greater than negativity for me. I will always keep the spotlight on the love I receive, not the hate, because the space I carved out for myself online was one that I felt always exuded, positivity, uplifting attitudes and love. But in early 2023, that sense of community started to unravel. My dear friend, who was a pioneer in the body positivity movement passed away, and it hit me. You know, I was devastated. Of course, I lost my friend, but it also hit me that my habits could cause me to end up in a similar situation.


I had to take a hard, honest look at my habits and where I was going with my health, because the consequences of your actions don't hit you when you're young, as they do with age. And although not the case for everyone, make it clear. For me personally, that warm, supportive blanket of the body positivity community was causing me to lose sight of my health and gain weight. I, my friend's death shook me to my core, and so I made a TikTok video out of sadness and angst, right? I was emotional. I lost a friend, and I felt indebted to my community. I need, I owed them an explanation and a conversation because my audience is easily right, like you feel indebted to your younger viewers who could be easily influenced by how glamorous and trendy your life can look, even when I wasn't feeling my best and on my heaviest, I put on my nice outfits and I made my content.


My friend's death made me realize I wanted to lead a healthier lifestyle. And so I made this video and I was harsh and emotional at times. I never meant to hurt anyone. I made it as a wake up call to call in others like me who finally wanted to make a positive change and a healthy change in their life. Of course, there were those who accused me of turning my back on the community and everything that I and the community stood for. But I was scared because I was getting to the point where I took pictures of myself, or I saw videos and I didn't recognize myself. I was bigger than I realized I was. I got to the point where I didn't wanna leave the house because I could barely walk. I was out of breath.


In that TikTok video, I said that we should love ourselves at any size while still being aware of the potential dangers of obesity, like heart disease, diabetes, and other diseases that while affect the entire population, right? We all know a skinny person with diabetes, but it can disproportionately affect those of us who are obese. Throughout my career, I had talked about my struggles with being plus size, and I'd made content around weight loss journeys, and I shared those struggles and those journeys online. But in more recent years, I'd began to tread more carefully because I was scared of rejection from the community. I was scared of being canceled, right? Who wasn't afraid of saying the wrong thing, but the body positivity community had changed as well.


It was no longer sending a message of love yourself at any size. It was now radical fat acceptance. The idea that If you lose weight or go on a health journey that you hate yourself or that you hate other fat people, and that you're feeding into this harmful narrative that weight loss is the only way to happiness, which isn't true. I began noticing an overwhelming lack of empathy toward me and anyone else who talked about weight loss, some even going as far as to say that anyone who pursued a health journey was dead to them. This is videos that we're seeing on TikTok of people in the comments in the caption saying, so and so, RIP, because now they wanna lose weight. That doesn't sound like the warm, supportive community I joined.


Some even went as far as to say that the word obese was not a slur. So when I posted my video, some people in the community said, wow, what a breath of fresh air. We needed this. Someone had to say this, but the radical fat acceptance community turned on me and turned me into a pariah. The attacks were intense. I got called a mean girl, a phony, a bully, a piece of shit. I mean, you can imagine how bad it was, but that's not what hurt me the most because I'm strong. I'm from the Bronx. I could deal with it. What hurt me the most is thinking about people who are gonna suffer in silence like me. People Who won't ask for help because they're scared of being attacked like I was.


My heart is with those of us who struggle with our weight, who wanna be our healthiest selves and still love the bodies that we're currently in, because by staring to live out loud and being right here, right now, I'm still fighting for the equality of fat people. Two things can be true at once. Fat people can be treated badly by society, and often are, but fat people can be healthy or unhealthy, right? Like any of us. And by trying to lose weight or bringing attention to the dangers of obesity, we are not hating ourselves or hating anyone else because like I said before, being thin is not the cure to happiness.


It's not like the, this the easy way to happiness. I can love myself and want to make a change for the better. I would argue loving yourself makes you want to change for the better. And I would hope that any of you wanna make a change in your life for the better. Regardless of what you look like or what your body looks like, body autonomy embraces this exact sentiment. You should be able to do whatever you want with your body, like I can do with mine, right? Because either or thinking is dangerous. We have some people on one side who think that anyone who's fat should just cease to exist. Oh my God, I don't wanna see it. But that's not realistic. And then the other hand, you have people who think any weight loss journey is a betrayal.


We need more empathy, more compassion, more nuanced conversations about this topic, because loving yourself at any size will always be my message. A health journey is an act of self-love, not an act of self-hate. I hope that by sharing my story, we can have more honest and open and compassionate conversations about health and wellness and loving yourself because I am still fat, right? We, we see that. But whether or not that changes, I will always believe, embody positivity, body autonomy, and loving yourself at any size. Thank you.


That was Gabriella Lascano at a TED Salon in in partnership with Novo Nordisk in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Let's talk about something that's not always top of mind, but still really important. Life insurance. Why? Because it offers financial protection for your loved ones and can help them pay for things like a mortgage, credit card, debt. It can even help fund an education. And guess what? Life insurance is probably a lot more affordable than you think. In fact, most people think life insurance is three times more expensive than it is. So with State Farm Life Insurance, you can protect your loved ones without breaking the bank. Not sure where to start. State Farm has over 19,000 local agents that can help you choose an option to fit your needs and budget. Get started today and contact a State Farm agent or go to state farm.com.