
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Dili Hugh. Today, a different way to think about politics and challenges of democracy. Neuroscientist Sam Wang specializes in simulations computer models. He gets into the math to help us understand why political polarization is growing, how it leads to the elections of more extreme leaders and the repairs required to stabilize democracy. Coming up after a quick break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso, Justin wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury Cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader. Through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters, Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com


And now our TED talk of the day, Computer simulations are everywhere. If, you navigated here today or you looked at a weather report, then you use simulations. A simulation can game through thousands or even millions of possibilities. What if computer simulations could help us out of one of the most pressing problems of our time, a rickety democracy here in the United States or around the world? I'm here to argue today that simulations can help us preserve democracy in a time of crisis, in a time of rapid change, both technological and demographic and indeed climate change and tension again in the US and around the world.


I'm a computational neuroscientist and I'm used to handling complex data. My students and I study the brain a highly complex object. We take data and we make it simpler in order to understand it. We also build models to help understand how a brain might react. And this kind of understanding our, I argue, is useful in understanding democracy itself. Imagine neurons, which I do a fair bit, when neurons fire together in synchrony and they fire impulses together that can lead to a seizure. Now imagine people doing something together. When people start believing something in unison or acting in unison, that can lead to political collapse and it can lead to unrest and it can even lead to insurrection.


Computation and mathematical analysis can not only help explain, but they can also help prevent such events from happening and maybe even help make repairs to democracy. And finally, and this is important, avoid accidentally causing a problem or making things worse. I would argue to you that democracy ought to have several fundamental functions. It should be representative of all of us. It should be responsive to us. If we change our minds, we should be able to get rid of the people who we think are have not been doing a good job. And finally, democracy should be deliberative. We should elect people who represent us, who deliberate with one another and help solve our problems.


But there's a paradox in our democracy as it stands today, and let me explain to you exactly how that paradox might cause a problem. If, you look at recent surveys. Many of us are dissatisfied with politics. There are more independents than either Democrats or Republicans that started two decades ago. Over the last few years, there are now nearly half of voters in the United States who call themselves independents. That's more than Democrats and Republicans combined, but yet we're also polarized. Those independents also have highly reliable voting habits, voting with either major political party most of the time.


Mathematical analysis has shown that one dimensional dynamics as you go along, a single dimension can lead to instability. And that's important. To get into the math a little bit, imagine animals. If animals all start moving in one direction, then that puts them at risk of getting into a stampede. Now, imagine people, if we all start doing the same thing, if we all start behaving in unison, if enough of us do that, that can cause a political stampede and a political stampede can lead to the election of extreme leaders and can lead to a collapse of democracy and maybe the loss of democracy in future elections. Can we prevent this?


Well, I should say that reformers have come up with lots of ideas, and if you've been paying attention to this space, you've heard about some of these ideas. But the problem is that we do not have the luxury of time. It's an unstable time, and I would say that it would be a good idea for us to make some of these repairs in the next few years, and we have to get it right. Maybe the first time simulation can help like navigation on a smartphone. Computation can help us identify paths that can move us forward reliably and without making too many missteps. Now, I've told you about independence. Now I wanna tell you about some of the solutions. Now, you might imagine that a good idea in such polarized circumstances is to form a third party.


Sounds good, right? But in fact, if we do that before attempting other reforms that can backfire. This is now based on results from analyzing hundreds of elections, and we found that voters indeed do act as if they're piled up into two great mountains. And in the simulation, they vote under the normal rule that we've come to, that we've become used to, which is called first pass the post. And in this simulation, I've set up conditions so that out of 10,000 simulations, the blues win half the time 5,000 times, and the reds win half the time 5,000 times. And in the simulation, the fraction of the vote that they need in order to win is about 50%. These are the conditions that we're used to in a two party system.


Imagine if we suddenly run a third party candidate and we put that third party candidate in the middle, and I've set up the simulation to be a little bit closer to one of those peaks than the other because that third party is more sympathetic to those views. However, there's something a little bit funny here, which is that now that blue party still needs 50% of the vote to win. But now because the third party has divided the vote, now the reds only need 46% of the vote to win. And now we have a situation in which out of 10,000 simulations, the blues win. Now only 2000 times the reds win 8,000 times, and this third party doesn't win at all. And so this is counterproductive, right?


This is what we call a spoiler effect, where paradoxically, the third party has spoiled the chances of the party that is closer to them, which is presumably the opposite of what they were trying to accomplish. Now, there are other solutions that it turns out are more likely to work, and one of them is redistricting. In the United States, we're mostly represented in single member districts, and so we have a particular legislator who represents us. In recent years, there's been a move to stem this you may have heard the word gerrymandering. Gerrymandering is the artful drawing of lines to disadvantage. One candidate or a group could be a racial group or a whole political party, and to eliminate competition, computation can help identify such a plan.


By doing statistical analysis of the universe of possible plans, it's possible to show that a particular plan is an outlier. And when there's an outlier, then a court can intervene. When the court intervenes, it can dictate the drawing of a new plan. Computation can also help voters, voters who vote to change the system, to change the rules to establish an independent commission can also take the power away from legislators, and they again, will need computation. However, this solution, as attractive as it is, is not enough. And no matter how much we redraw the lines, there's polarization across the nation. And so the question is, okay, what else do we need to do? There's something else that's necessary.


The next step is to change the game rules of the game itself. Alaska voters in the last few years have done exactly that they voted to do away with partisan primaries. What they've done is remove the primaries, replace them with an all party primary. Everybody runs in one single primary. The top four advance to the general election. Because there are four candidates, they then have to be elected under a ranked choice. Rule ranked choice is one where you list your first choice, second choice, third choice, fourth choice. If your first choice doesn't cut the mustard, then they drop out and your vote is reassigned. The consequence of this is that Democrats and Republicans still have a chance to advance and they do to the general election, but it changes the incentives they have to play not to their party faithful, but instead they play to all voters.


It changes tactics. They try to win over each other's supporters, and it changes attitudes. So this is one way that in fact, a new change of rules can help. And now back to the episode. Now I've given you a few ideas, but there are actually many ideas for reform, and you may know them. Eliminating the electoral college approval, voting campaign, finance reform, the question is how to choose and how to figure out which ones to do first and with the most. Urgency and simulations can, again, help. Simulations can game out outcomes, representation, responsiveness, deliberation, and simulations can do something that exercising or that enacting a reform cannot do easily, which is game out long-term outcomes.


What's gonna happen 10 years from now? And that's important. Furthermore, every state is different. Cities are different. The same solution is not gonna work in every place, and so it's important to be flexible and to look for the solution that works best. Somewhat shockingly, some states have even outlawed ranked choice voting, and so one would have to come up with another solution for those places. Now, let me be realistic. Math is not enough, but math can be assistive and it can help speed the process for people who want to change the system. In other words, math and computation can act as a GPS to rescue our lost democracy. Now, the way you can help is by advocating for reforms through voter initiatives in states that have, that you can advocate for local reform in your city or town.


And if you're a scientist, I really want your help. If you're a scientist, I want you to come and get to work, understanding these things in your city, in your town, in your state, and in your nation. As it turns out, some of these reforms, such as rank choice voting, have been run in hundreds of elections across America. And that means that there are experiments being done right now in real time. I want to end with a quote from a former president Theodore Roosevelt, who is not a scientist, but in fact was very interested in this, and he called democracy and experiment. He said, democracy is this national experiment in which it's essential for the rules to end up representing all of us. It's my hope that math can help get us there and build a better future for all of us.


Thank you.


OMG Yes is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects, and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Sam Wang at the TED Salon Big Bets event in 2024, supported by the Rockefeller Foundation. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


PRX.