
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Could the market forces of capitalism help combat climate change, or was capitalism the very cause of the global climate crisis in the first place? Climate reporter shunt Rothi says the answers are complex and offers solutions for how capitalism can be used for climate solutions the world needs after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital. One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists', journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader. Through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters, Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com


And now our TED talk of the day, I was at a climate protest and I saw a poster that said in big letters, burn capitalism, not coal. How many of you agree that to tackle climate change, we should stop burning coal? Raise your hands. Almost all of you. And how many of you agree that to tackle climate change, we should burn capitalism? There are a few hands, but not as many. I'm a journalist and I write about climate solutions, and when I ask this question of people, I get the full range of answers from those who say that the system that got us into this mess can never get us out of it.


To those who say that the only answer is to unleash market forces for the innovations we need, but who is right? I wanted to find the answer for myself. So I started on the rooftop of my childhood home in India. I wanted to get solar panels for my parents. It took two days to get quotes, two weeks to have those shiny devices up on the roof, ready to capture the sun's energy. The payback was quick, electricity bills fell, and my parents have recovered the investment in five years for the next 15 years. They can enjoy solar power for free.


So what has capitalism got to do with it? Well, India did not invent the technologies that go into solar panels. Even today. India manufacturers only a small fraction of what it deploys, and yet a country with less than $3,000 of income per person per year is able to benefit from what is now one of the world's cheapest sources of energy. This has happened because profit seeking companies want to sell all of us more and more solar panels, but it has happened because governments created that market through subsidies and regulations.


We know the more we build, the cheaper it gets. And it's not just the story of solar. Between 2009 and 2019, the price of solar fell 90% wind, 70% lithium ion batteries, 85%. This is what I call climate capitalism. Climate emergency is forcing governments and businesses to change how capitalism works to use its forces for creating the solutions we need rather than making the problem worse. And look, it's not happening everywhere or at the pace which we need. There are still companies that are profiting from pollution.


However, in country after country where I've had a chance to report, I found that a combination of people, policy and technology, when they come together, climate solutions do work. Now, the primary motivation to deploy these solutions does not have to be tackling climate change. Other pressing issues such as air pollution or energy security or global competitiveness can garner even more support. How exactly? Let me tell you the story of Wang Gang. You've probably never heard of him, but he has done more for the global rise of electric cars than Elon Musk.


Juan was born in China. He trained as an auto engineer before moving to Germany and working for Audi. There he saw the lifestyle that Germans lived and realized that perhaps Chinese people may never be able to experience it. That's because in 2000, China burned about one barrel of oil per person per year. Germans burned 12 times as much, so he made the case to the Chinese leadership that the country needed to work on an alternative and that he was willing to lead the charge. So he was given a chance to work on a government program. Once team, in a period of eight years built hundreds of electric cars and buses that were used at the Beijing Olympics.


In those same eight years, the country's oil bill ballooned and its cities became globally infamous for air pollution. But one had shown that an alternative could work. If China could scale the manufacturing of electric cars, air pollution would be cut, oil imports would be cut, and most importantly, China would create a new industry that could compete with other countries. So one was made the science minister and the government started giving out tens of billions of dollars in subsidies for the manufacturing of electric cars and lithium ion batteries. The government also started putting regulations to make it harder to buy fossil fuel cars.


Even today, if you're in Shanghai and you want to buy a gasoline powered car, you have to enter a lottery and win it If. you want an electric car, you can just go to a showroom and buy one. The Chinese government provided direction, but it was the practitioners of capitalism that made a small electric car industry into the global giant that it is today. One of those investors was Warren Buffet. He invested in a little loan company then called BYD. Today, BYD sells more electric cars than Tesla. Now, you might think what China did cannot be replicated by democracies, but as it happens, China took inspiration from the paragon of capitalism, the USA.


Throughout the previous century, the US has used the instruments of government to redirect investments toward national priorities. Take the semiconductor industry. The reason why California is home to Silicon Valley, it was created with generous contracts from the Department of Defense. It's also a similar case for biotech, for airlines, for the internet, all of them have fingerprints of the government from its birth. In fact, China's electric vehicle policy is a modified version of California's zero emissions vehicle mandate.


That policy was crucial in keeping Tesla afloat by providing subsidies. But now that China has a lead on all sorts of green technologies, the US is being forced to catch up. The inflation reduction Act passed in 2022 is one response. I'll see. The US government provide hundreds of billions of dollars subsidies towards all kinds of solutions from green hydrogen to heat pumps that will be multiplied by matching private investment. But climate capitalism isn't just about putting government subsidies to work. That's because the climate crisis is the greatest market failure of all time.


And now back to the episode, Governments around the world have allowed corporations to pollute for free and all that pollution is causing damages to all of us in the form of climate impacts, health, inequalities, dislocation of communities. In some parts of the world, leaders are starting to correct that mistake. Europe has put a price on pollution and created legally binding targets that has helped the continent cut its carbon footprint faster than any other. It's also changed how businesses operate in Europe. The Danish Island Natural Gas company was founded in 1972.


For 40 years it dug up fossil fuels. Then Denmark adopted a carbon price and a climate law, and suddenly its business model became implausible. Today, you know that company as oysters. It transitioned away from fossil fuels starting in 2009, and it has become the largest developer of offshore wind power. This hasn't been a smooth ride. There just aren't as many success stories as the world needs. That's because the climate challenge is really complicated. India has a ambitious renewables goal, but it's falling behind. Europe has seen job losses because its carbon price has been too high.


That has caused some industries to shut down and move to other parts where there isn't a carbon price. And China's emissions last year rose, despite a record clean energy build out for climate, capitalism to work. Governments and businesses need to be flexible. They need to recognize when there are policies that require certainty, but if they're not working, then they must be changed. India is now doubling down on solar with batteries because it's seeing rise in electricity demand. Europe has introduced a carbon tariff that's gonna put a price on pollution on imports that will level the playing field for domestic industry and stem job losses.


And some experts think that if China can continue its clean energy, build out at the same pace, its emissions may have peaked last year. Now, what's remarkable is that some businesses are seeing that it's in their self-interest to act on climate change with or without regulations. So far, we've looked at big economy wide changes. Now, let's think about something as simple as ice cream. You would think that during a heat wave, an ice cream maker will turn big profits selling lots and lots of ice cream. But heat waves are becoming so extreme that people are choosing to stay at home instead. At the same time, small holder farmers that are the supply chain of ice cream makers are seeing their productivity fall.


That's because of intense heat. Drought, floods. It means the cost of making ice cream is going up. It's a double whammy. Lower sales, higher costs. Increasingly, businesses are recognizing that there are fewer profits to be made on a planet on fire. So let's go back to that poster. Is the answer to tackle climate change to burn capitalism, not coal? I hope the examples I've shared show that the problem is in capitalism, but how it's been allowed to run. We only have a few decades left to get to zero emissions. The fastest way to get there is to change capitalism, how to do it through a combination of people, policy and technology, dedicated people, smarter policies and cheaper technologies.


That is how you'll get businesses to focus on the solutions the world needs. That is how people like my parents in India and all of us around the world will get access to those solutions. And that is how the world will finally stop burning coal and all other fossil fuels. Thank you.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


That was Uck shut Rothi at Ted's countdown, Bloomberg Green Festival in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing Sino European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible, along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions have changed, and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power. You need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your projects. There is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pocket. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent, we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What are the solutions? Well, basically the key aspect is to put your money at work. And by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy, and now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not. So search for it. Ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, How is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend, and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror, is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way. That's what we offer and is pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store. Maybe you will see us there. What are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think, and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term, two, diversification and three progressivity dollar cost. Leveraging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank You, mattess. Now let us hear the last word, The most important one. Dare. You should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you. Nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the App Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App Store and we are happy to support you in building wealth across Europe.


PR X.