
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. S Odoo like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


Strap in. You are in the race with F1 TV premium. See what the race director sees with custom multi-view. Watch every jaw dropping moment in live 4K UHD across up to six screens. Uninterrupted experience, ultimate live immersion with F1 TV premium available Unselected devices.


Brace the rudders brace the sails. Raise the sails Captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over Roger, wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach Sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Even if you're not a long distance runner, you can picture it ups and downs over many miles running over challenging terrain and scientist. Greg De Temmerman says this discipline serves as a strong metaphor for the battle against climate change. In his 2024 talk, he lays out a path for climate action that's inspired by the lessons from endurance runners. What do long distance running and our fight against climate change have in common?


What does the fact of running very long distances across mountains, typically over 20 to 30 hours, have anything to do with climate? What? Quite a lot in turns out we are both very complex and long affairs and both will mainly require you to deal with setbacks, trade-offs, and compromises along the way. If you want to have a chance to see the finish line, and I should know because not only do I like that sport and I know how it sounds, I also happen to be a physicist with a longstanding interest in complex issues like energy, nuclear fusion, or climate change. When you prepare for a race and you look at the map, you have to go from start to finish and what is the shortest distance between two points?


A straight line. You can believe me, right? I'm a scientist now in reality, except if you're a bird, you can't just go straight. You have to follow the path, which will usually mirror around. It's making your path much longer than it looks like at first sight starts to sound familiar right now. When you look at that, you are actually ignoring all the mountains, which might be along the way and you have to cross, so you will have to go up and down and up and down and up and down. Many times it'll make your journey much longer, but we also bring a lot of new challenges, technical terrain, terrains, narrow paths, very fast changing condition because remember, you are in altitude Now, it'll also require you to make choices.


Which jacket do I take? This heavy jacket, which is ev, waterproof, this light one, which can be much lighter. What shoes, dry conditions, made conditions, but then it's heavier. How much food do I need to take? Now it might sound like very small details. Remember, you will be carrying your backpack with you for the next 30 hours, so it does matter. Realize also that there is no perfect solution. If conditions change quickly and they can do your perfect choice might actually prove to be really wrong on the way. The only thing you can do is adapt and keep going. You can't just sit down and just cry like, what did I do? What did I? No, no. You have to keep going and adapt and do what with what you have. Winning on the long run requires you to accept all those setbacks and tradeoffs and keep going.


Our path to to solving climate change is actually going to be quite similar. Climate change is caused by the accumulation of greenhouse gases inside the atmosphere. To stop climate change, we have to stop emitting. We know what to do. Currently we are emitting about 57 billion tons of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere mainly because of our use of fossil fuels. Let me give you a sense of a scale. Let's look with at the worst fossil fuel coal. Last year alone, we burned about 9 billion tons of coal. This is a number which is really hard to grasp, so let me help you. You have all seen pictures of a great pyramid of Giza in in Egypt, I guess this is about 140 meters high in the world.


We burn a volume of coal equivalent to that pyramid every five hours. This is gigantic and this number has to go down to zero as quickly as possible. What does that mean? That means we have to scale and develop all new energy system as fast as possible so we know where we need to go. We also need know how fast we need to get there as fast as possible. Now really faster will be better, but probably not possible. We have decades of scientific research telling us the consequences of getting there late will be every 10th of a degree of additional global warming is going to significantly increase the amount of human suffering. Turns out we also have most of the solutions we need to divide our emissions by between the next 10 years, electric vehicles, solar, wind, heat pumps, insulating our arms, stop eating so much meat, stop cutting, forest start, finish.


Pretty simple, right? While as we've trail running, the path to get there will be really tortuous will be full of challenges and setbacks and we have to deal with that. Let me walk you through a couple of examples to make it clear. I have been using this running metaphor, so let's just keep moving and let's look at the transport system. Road transport accounts for about 12% of global emissions. Electrifying cars and trucks is a great way to stop using oil to move people and surf around and actually progress in batteries and technologies. The lowest to now have electric vehicles, which are comparable to our patrol cars in terms of range and very soon in terms of cost. So easy solution, right?


Take all the cars, replace them by similar electric cars, a medium sized car for medium sized car, a pickup for a pickup, a a drop in solution. Really job done. We are good. Well, there's one more thing though. There are currently 1.4 billion cars in the world and this is our many cities look like congested, polluted, noisy, really not nice for pedestrians and totally not adapted to climate change. If the rest of the world was to use cars like Americans and Europeans do, we will not. We will need much more cars in the future. Is that desirable?


More importantly, is that even sustainable? Electric cars are the future of cars. Yes, are cars the future of sustainable mobility? Okay, but now we have an alternative solution, right? Let's transform our cities, let's make them nicer, pedestrian, let's build them around pedestrians. Let's develop public transport, tram, metros, buses. Let's make them adapted to climate change. Yes, this might be the thing to do in the long run, but this is going to take a long time because we are talking about big infrastructure, so it's a bit of a trade off. Reducing emissions on the short term through electric cars might not be the thing you want to do in the long term, and this is one of those many traders we will see over and over again.


Okay, electric car, it is. Then in the short term, what type of car are we talking about? Walk around the city and what you see quite often are big metallic monsters with four wheels. This is what we call cars. Cars are actually getting bigger and bigger. Electric vehicles are pushing up the trend. Let me give you an example which we will Talks Odoo you the iconic Volkswagen Golf. Between the time it was first released in 1974 and its latest version this year, its weight has almost almost doubled a Ford F-150. The most popular car in the US weighs about two tons. Its electric version 2.7 tons. Do you know how much an average human weighs?


About 62 kilos, so a bit less than nine building so many cars comes at a cost. They need metals for their batteries. Copper, lithium, cobalt, nickel, those metals need to be mined. Mining has very strong environmental impact. It affects local communities and most, in most cases it doesn't even benefit the producing countries yet, getting those metals is actually going to help us reduce emissions globally and climate change is a global issue. Another one of those trades, and I'm not saying we should just simply mine our way out of climate change, not at all. First of all, we will actually need less mining in the future that we need. Now remember those 9 billion tons of coal, we are burning every year and we can and we must improve mining practices.


We must decrease environmental impact and make sure local communities are benefiting more, but still the more cars we need, the bigger they are, the more metals we need. Making it easier for customers to adopt big cars actually pushes the constraints on the supply chain. Here we go again on our tortuous path across climate change. This approach is showing some positive effect though last year in Norway, almost all cars sold were electric or hybrid. In 2023 in the world, 18% of new cars sold were electric and this number is increasing quite quickly helped by a lot of enabling policies, so we are progressing yet it will take a long time to transform the system because of the numbers of cars we are, and indeed, If you look around you, only two to 3% of cars are electric right now.


Those trade offs will happen all across. All the systems we can think of. Think about electricity, are renewables perfect? No, they're not, but this is what we can scale the fastest. They are getting cheaper and cheaper, so we need to accelerate and deploy them even faster. We cannot just sit and wait for the perfect solution like nuclear fusion to happen. We don't have the time for that. We need to do with what we have and get going as fast as possible. If we make mistakes, we'll learn along the way and we'll adapt. As we've trail running, it's important to keep our eyes on the price. Keep moving in the short term while thinking about the long term. When I start a long distance race, I don't start by saying, Hey, a hundred kilometers to go 99 kilometers to go, oh, that will be killing me.


I have a plan. I start to by going to the next checkpoint, which is typically four, five hours away. I go there, I refuel, assess how I feel, and then I go to the next one. I know that I'm getting closer and closer to a finish point. I also know that I will have to adapt my pace depending on how I feel my body might hurt. Believe me, it does hurt a lot. I might also have to adapt to the conditions which have changed, so I have to do with all of that. I do know that it's pretty rare that my perfect plan actually works accordingly. So many cases I need to adapt. You might think it's because you're not too good at it. Yeah, you might have a point. I also know the first 10 kilometers are going to be much easier than the last 10 kilometers.


Same is with our climate journey. We might have an idealized path or scenario, but we have to make do with the reality of a situation and the scale of a challenge that accepting this increases our our risk of failing at stabilizing the climate. I don't think this is a risk we can take. Now, you might ask at this point, okay, how will success look like? Well, at the end of a long distance race, you see the finish line, you sprint or you pretend to sprint, you cross the line, you happy, you made it, you're proud, brother. All those months of training have paid off. Then you realize you're exhausted. You can hardly walk. You struggle to get to your room and take a shower, and the next day you look like a 90-year-old trying to get out of bed.


Is that that we are going to feel after completing vi gigantic transition? Well, I don't know. Let's try and find out. In the meantime, let's not have perfect BV enemy of the goods. We need to get moving quickly and accept all the setbacks, challenges, and trade offs along the way. This might be annoying, this might be frustrating. This might be upsetting. I just don't see any other way. Thank you very much. That was Greg De Temmerman at TED Countdowns Dilemma event in Brussels. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines and that's it for today.


TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Hey, it's Mark Marin from WTF Here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance and I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it. Well choose Progressive's name your price tool and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com and now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates, price and coverage match limited by state law not available in all states


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade for Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments, and now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to a thousand dollars or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, LLC Member Civic E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.