
Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade for Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to a thousand dollars or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, LLC Member SIP E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder navigating your first audit or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year end benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED Audio. That's VANT a.com/ TED Audio for $1,000 off.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, what do you think when you hear Collagen? It is the most abundant protein in our bodies. And even though it's advertised as a key ingredient to youthful looking skin, which is why I always hear about it, we need it far more than just for our outsides. In HER 2024 talk, Collagen Chemist feo asks us to reconsider the source of the Collagen we all need and offers a more ethical and sustainable way to get it. That's coming up.


Last month, 40 people in Los Angeles, Angeles tasted a rich and hearty bone broth. It was a special broth, one that involved no slaughter of any animals. The secret ingredient was Collagen brewed like a beer using a special yeast and entire animal free. Do you consume Collagen in your daily life? Well, Collagen is the most abundant protein in our body. Any animal's body accounts for 30% of our total proteins. So if you're not a vegetarian, chances are you are already consuming Collagen. Or even If you think you don't consume any animal product but not super careful in checking the labels, Collagen may still sneak in as a capsules in your medicine or fillers in your facial cream today.


Let's talk about food. Imagine biting into a perfectly marble steak. That intricate balance of muscle and fat owes a structure to Collagen. Collagen is nature scaffold, holding everything together in a seamless harmony of nutrition and texture. Without it we'll be left with mere mince fat and muscle doesn't seem as appealing as it. In fact, an average piece of meat we eat contains anywhere between 0.5 to 3% of Collagen, and collectively we consume at least a million metric tons of Collagen every year through meat.


Collagen's influence extends far beyond the dinner table. Behind the scene, an entire industry extracts Collagen from animal carcasses to produce a myriad of ingredients for food nutritions and more to get all that Collagen. Animal carcasses are boiled in strong acid to e gelatin, a magic substance behind the squishiness of gummies that we love and the velvet texture of jello the industry. Then further processing gelatin into smaller pieces to make Collagen hydrolysates millions of health conscious consumers stir as ingredients in their morning coffees or daily smoothie in order to achieve supple skin, strong bones, or other wellness goals.


Because Collagen is so versatile in food, a food industry without it is certainly not the same. Looking at alternative protein ingredient products in the market we can buy today, meat and seafood emulates are largely in mixed form, lacking whole cut options. Vegan gummies are lacking the squishiness texture in order to attract mainstream snackers. And for millions of consumers stir Collagen powder in their drinks every day. There's no comparable alternatives, so they'll be consuming Collagen diligently, one that is from the livestock industry. Looking into the future, it is clear that we need to find the irreplaceable functionality of Collagen.


The challenge lies in finding effective, ethical, and affordable solution. This is where I come in. Three years ago I founded a company called Liven Aims to produce the next generation of Collagen without animals. How do we do it? We, we produce a special yeast by changing its genetics of providing instruction how to produce Collagen just like animals. We feed this yeast with sugar or glycerol in bowel reacts such like big vats in beer brewing. And we harvest Collagen from the fermentation broths for different kind of applications.


Well, I did not start out as a Collagen brewer. I'm actually a chemical engineer with my previous profession, growing microorganisms to eat up toxic chemicals in soil and groundwater. My journey in food start with simple quest of looking for clean, nutritious, and delicious diet for my family. I walk through every single aisle in the grocery store just looking for plant-based proteins that will not fail my family's taste buds, especially my meat eaters husband and my 3-year-old. And also, I was looking for something that does not come with a laundry list of mysterious ingredient that have no idea what they are.


Thanks for the parental policy in Canada. I got a one year off work when my daughter was born, always believing microbes can save the world. I decided to use this break to try to create ingredients that will enable better foods for my daughter's generation using microbes as a manufacturing and Collagen quickly emerge as our focus because we could see how to grow it easily. And it was also held with health benefits and food functionalities. Now don't get me wrong, it is not an easy journey, but we have been making strides.


We have been collaborating with colleges and universities to produce college in order to do early formulation testing to understand its value for alternative proteins before raising millions of dollars. As you may have guessed, our applications start with bone broth, but if we can make this work, we will be able to scale up to meet the Collagen demand without raising more cattles by clearing out the Amazon rainforest and sacrificing these animal to source this in important ingredient. If it works, the supermarket in five to 10 years will be become completely transformed.


There you will see slaughter free sl steaks adorned with perfect marbling meticulously arranged around Collagen fibers, bone broths beacon with our richness and offering valve architecture thanks to abundance of gelatin. And there are snacks proudly showcasing the health benefits of Collagen peptides meticulously engineered to make the signature signature of our own body. Gone are the days of questioning what comes from animals and what doesn't in this future. Every bite you take is not only delectable healthy, but also sustainable and ethical in this production.


Thank you. That was Faye Low at Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh.


I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Granger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Term supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.