
If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Not only will you find a great selection of frames, you'll also meet helpful advisors and friendly optometrists. Yep. Many Warby Parker locations also offer eye exams. So the next time you need glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses, or a new prescription, you know where to look to find a Warby Parker store near you, or to book an eye exam, head over to Warby Parker dot com slash retail


If you are a parent or share a fridge with someone. Instacart is about to make grocery shopping so much easier because with family carts, you can share a cart with your partner and each add the items you want since between the two of you. Odds are you'll both remember everything you need. And this way you'll never have to eat milk list cereal again. So minimize the stress of the weekly shop with family carts. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants.


Hey, this is Paige from Giggly Squad, and this episode is brought to you by Nordstrom. Nordstrom is here to help you dress in a way that feels totally you. With the best spring styles from boho dresses and matching sets to must have bags and sneakers. Discover thousands of items from lots of your favorite brands like Mango Reformation, Veronica Beard, and Farm Rio. It's easy too, with free shipping and returns in store order pickup and more. Shep today in stores and@nordstrom.com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. You're about to hear something that doesn't start out as a TED Talk and is more like a one man stage show. In his 2024 performance internet filmmaker Baron Ryan speaks to another version of himself. You'll hear it. And it's to show the irony of being a people pleaser, the way it can lead us to betray ourselves. I heard a good one today. A chicken, a doctor and a lawyer all walk into a bar and the bartender says, what is this? Some kind of joke, I can't sleep.


I don't know about you, but those melatonin gummies, they don't work. I told my doctor, I Talks Odoo myself, and she asked me what I Talks Odoo myself about. And to be honest, I don't know. I never hear myself. What was that? Nothing. No, I said something. No, I didn't. Could have sworn I did or whatever. I said I wasn't listening. So forget it. You know, you get to a point in the evening, well, in your life, really, when you can't sleep your problems away, you know you're trapped in this skin suit, stuck being you. I'm stuck being that guy.


Yeah. I'm in a toxic relationship with that guy and I really ought to break up with him. But, you know, you need a lot of self-respect to go through with a breakup. I'm in a bit of self-respect debt right now. See, I'm what you would call a serial people pleaser. I live to please anybody but myself. I, I have this insufferable need to be liked, and I've done the analysis. I, I think it's a survival instinct to be liked. See, If you don't like me, I will die. That is what all of this leads to, you know, see, belonging and being liked.


It feels good because it feels like surviving. You know, I developed this sense of death and belonging as a kid because if I didn't win someone's approval and I wouldn't be fed, I wouldn't be hugged, I wouldn't be comfortable. And if I didn't have those things, I died. You know, if I, if I didn't stop crying, I die. If I, if I said no, I die. You know, giving your life away to the whims and approval of other people. It never looks like much. It happens very slowly. Sure. Absolutely fine.


No worries. No, that, that's okay. Ignore me. I agree. I'm fine. Nothing's wrong. I'm fine. You know, the irony of a people pleaser is that people hate him. No one likes a guy with no spine. I mean, we're not pleasing anybody. And how could I like myself if I don't even respect myself? You know, If you think one people pleaser's bad, try getting two people pleasers alone in the same room. It's like, oh, would you like some coffee? Are you making some Anyway? Well, only if you'd like some. Well, I'd only have some If you're having some, well, if you're having something, I'll join you. Right. But would you, are you having some apart from me?


Like, if I weren't here, would you still have some? Well, no, but since you are here, I'll make some No, no. I, I don't want you to go out of your way to make any, just 'cause I'm here. No, no. It's really no trouble at all. Unless you don't want me to make any, I would like you to not make any. And If you don't want to make any. Right? So, so what do you want? Again, whatever you want. Well, whatever you want is fine with me. Well, whatever you want is fine with me. Well, what, what do you want me to want? I want you to want something that I will happen to want by coincidence. Which is what? Whatever you want. You know why it's so, you know why it's so tempting to submit and give your life away?


It's easy. It's so much easier when someone else tells you how to eat, how to love, how to think, how to spend your time. I mean, there's nothing to it. You just put on your seatbelt and off you go. Watching your life go by from the passenger seat. You give up your whole personality just to be liked. And what are you left with? Just another joke. You people, please to survive. Only to survive into a life that's not even your own. How's that for a punchline? I know I have to do this. I know I have to break up.


I know I have to let go of that guy. God, Why can't I just go back to sleep and avoid my problems like I always do? Why won't those melatonin gummies work? Can't sleep. Huh? You know, I heard a good one today. A guy's been seeing this matchmaker for 10 years now, and one day he meets with her. He says, you know, after years of just liking the way I look, I realize I'm not ugly. I'm just not my type.


And sit down where, oh, we need to talk. What about, about our future together? What about our future together? Well, that's the thing. There isn't one, I can't do this anymore. What are you talking about? I mean, I can't do this anymore. This relationship. We're done. Well, that's going to be a bit impossible. I know there's a lot to hear, but impossible. Why do you say that? Because you're talking to yourself. Well, I, I don't care. All right. I I I don't wanna be in this relationship anymore. And that's, that's just the way I feel about it. Okay.


The way you feel about it. You're talking to yourself here, Baron. I just don't love you anymore. You never love yourself. That's why you want it to be liked by everybody. 'cause you thought if no one could love you, at least I could like you and I don't change the subject. You always do that. You mean you always do that. Don't pin the blame on me now. At least take some responsibility for what you've done here. What I've done. To whom? To me. I am you. I'm nothing like you. Oh, yeah. Who you talking to then? What do you see here? I see a guy who's been taking steps back since the day he was born. And I can't do it anymore. I tell you, it's become too much.


I'm not even a person anymore. I, I'm just background. I betrayed my whole damn self. And for what? For nothing. So I could be liked by people. I don't even like myself. Surely. Life can't be all this. Can't even logically explain how I let my life get to this. I'm me. I belong to me. I'm not what you or her, what anyone else said. I was. You know, your problem. Our problem. You never wanted to be the villain. You always wanted to be the hero. You know, the good guy. And lemme tell you, you're no hero to anybody if you're trying to be a hero to everybody, you know, people yelled at us as a kid.


I couldn't take it. I wanted to make it go away and it wouldn't go away unless I just agreed and went along with it. I know. And I felt so safe being that way. But I think I have to let go of what makes me feel safe now. But I guess so. Want to hear a closer? Sure. A chicken, a doctor and a lawyer all walk into a bar and a bartender says, what is this? Some kind of joke. And the chicken says, well, hell man.


What is it? Goodnight there. Goodnight there. I love you. I love you too. I love you too. I Thank you. That was Baron Ryan at TED Next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com's curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective.


This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Your old or broken phone can let you down when you need it most. Ah, perfect. But at Verizon trade in any old phone from our top brands and get the most for it. Up to $2,000 in value for an amazing new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence and a new line on my plan and iPad and Apple Watch Series 10. That's like a three for one. And you can get it on any plan at Verizon Trade in your old phone for a brand new iPhone 16 Pro, iPad and Apple Watch. The other guys won't give you that. Visit verizon.com today. Additional terms Apply service plan required for Apple Watch and iPad. Up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch.


Imagine a toilet. So striking it inspired a couture dress. That's right. Kohler's Veil's Smart Toilet in Honed Black, actually inspired fashion designer Laura Kim to create a stunning black chiffon dress that debuted on the runway at New York Fashion Week. The Veil Smart Toilet with its curved design, deep, rich, textural color, touchscreen controls and customizable cleansing features can transform your routine into something extraordinary. That's the power of design. Design changes everything. Veil Smart. Toilet in Honed Black only from Kohler. Discover the Veil Smart Toilet and go behind the scenes of Kohler's. Partnership with creative director lauraKim@kohler.com.


Hey, this is Paige from Giggly Squad and this episode is brought to you by Nordstrom. Nordstrom is here to help you dress in a way that feels totally you. With the best spring styles from boho dresses and matching sets to must have bags and sneakers. Discover thousands of items from lots of your favorite brands like Mango Reformation, Veronica Beard, and Farm Rio. It's easy too, with free shipping and returns in store. Order pickup and more. Shop today in stores and@nordstrom.com.