
Gday America. It's Tony and Ryan from the Tony and Ryan podcast. From down under This episode is sponsored by Boost Mobile, the newest 5G network in the country. These Guys are no longer the prepaid wireless company. You might remember, they've invested Billions Into building their own 5G towers across America, transforming the carrier into America's fourth major network alongside the other big dogs. Hoo hoo. Yep. They're challenging the competitors by working harder and smarter. Like this amazing new network they've literally built. They have a blazing fast 5G and plans for all the latest devices. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or find them online@boostmobile.com. 5G.


Better help Online therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now wherever you are, to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders. Take a deep breath in and out. Feels better, right? That's 15 seconds of self care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We're about to talk about the voices inside our heads. I never really wanna be alone with these voices to be honest, but neuroscientist and renowned psychologist, Ethan Cross makes the case In his 2024 talk that inner voices can be really powerful if we're really in touch with this chatter and manage it optimally. So today what I want to do is Talks Odoo you about the most important conversations you have each day, the conversations you have with yourselves. My name is Ethan Cross.


I'm the director of the Emotions Self-Control Lab at the University of Michigan. And for the past 25 years, I've been studying how people can manage their emotions. And one of the things that I've learned during that time, see, I'm managing my emotions right now. One of the things, one of the things that I've learned during that time is that a key to managing one's emotions effectively involves understanding how to harness this mysterious force called the voices inside our head. Now, I realize some of you may be asking yourself right now, what is a purported serious scientist doing? Talking about a squishy topic like the voices inside our head.


But I wanna point out the elephant in the room that, you know, if you've just asked yourself that question, you are talking to yourself. And that's totally okay because the vast majority of us have a voice inside our head. Here's a scientific fact that I absolutely love. We spend between one half and one third of our waking hours not focused on the present between one half and one third of the time. Our minds, they are drifting away. We are thinking about other things. Some of you're doing that right now. Please stop. Once we find ourselves drifting away, one of the things that we're doing is is talking to ourselves and listening to what we say.


Now, when scientists like myself use the term inner voice, what we're talking about is our ability to silently use language to reflect on our lives. And it turns out this is one of your superpowers because your inner voice lets you keep information active in your head for short periods of time. Like when you go to the grocery store, and if you're like me, 15 seconds into the expedition, you forget what you're supposed to buy and you repeat that list in your head. Apples cheese, Pepto Bismol, TMI. We also use our inner voice to simulate and plan, like when we silently rehearse what we're gonna say before an important presentation or an interview.


And of course we use our inner voice to control and motivate ourselves as I did just before I came on stage. It's right around the corner over there. I silently said to myself, come on man, you've got this deep breath, 45 minutes and you are done. And of course, all of you just said to yourself, this guy thinks he's talking for 45 minutes. He's nuts. Finally, perhaps most magically, we use our inner voice to make sense of this messy world that we often live in. When we experience challenges, we turn our attention inward. We try to try to work through them, and our inner voice helps us create those stories that that shape our sense of self stories, that really craft our identity.


So, so your inner voice, this is a remarkable tool. The problem is, it is a tool that often jams up on us when we need it most. We don't. We don't come up with clear we solutions to our problems. We get stuck in negative thought loops. Instead, we worry, we ruminate. We experience what I call the dark side of our inner voice chatter. How do you know if you're experiencing chatter? If you ever find yourself trying to work through a problem but not making any progress, or If you find yourself berating yourself incessantly, I'm an idiot, such an idiot. Those are two telltale signs. Now, if this description of chatter resonates with any of you here, I'm sure it does not, but if it does, my response to you is, welcome to the human condition.


My friends chatter is a feature of it. We all have the capacity to experience it at times. It also happens to be one of the big problems we face as a species. And I say this because If you look at what chatter does to us, it sinks us in three domains of life that I would argue everyone here cares a great deal about. One thing that chatter does. It makes it really hard for us to think and perform. If you've ever had the experience of sitting down to read a few pages in a book and under oath, you would swear to a judge that you have read the words on the screener page, but you get to the end of the section, the chapter, and you don't remember a damn thing that you've read.


You've experienced one way that chatter undermines us. It consumes our attention, leaving very little leftover to do the things that we often want and need to do. Chatter also creates friction in our relationships with other people because when we experience chatter, we're often highly motivated to share its glory with those around us. What I mean by that is we often want to talk about our chatter. So we find someone to Talks Odoo, and then we keep on talking over and over again. This can have a really sad consequence of pushing away people who genuinely care about us because there's only so much that they can endure before we start to bring them down.


Then there's our health. So chatter helps explain how stress gets under our skin to impact our physical health, because what it does is it prolongs our stress response and that creates a wear and tear in our body that is physically damaging, predicts things like problems of cardiovascular disease, inflammation, even certain forms of cancer. And when people hear about these findings, the question they often ask me is, how can I silence this inner voice? Just shut it up. And I don't think this is the best question to be asking because your inner voice is a remarkable tool. We don't want to get rid of that to, what we want to figure out is how to harness it.


And this is where the really, really good news comes into play. This is precisely the question that scientists like myself have been trying to answer for a few decades now, and we have learned a lot about the science-based tools that exist to do precisely this. Now, there are many, many tools out there. I'm not gonna tell you about each one 'cause then we would go for 45 minutes. But I do wanna share with you three of my favorites, and we're gonna start with language. Right before Malala USI became the youngest person to ever win the Nobel Peace Prize for advocating for the rights of young girls to receive an education, she was invited onto the Daily Show with John Stewart to talk about her experience.


At one point during the interview, she begins to explain what went through her head when she first discovered that the Taliban were plotting to kill her. I wanna present to you a quote right here of how she starts to talk about this experience. I used to think that the TB would come and he would just kill me. Nothing particularly out of the ordinary here. She's talking to herself in the first person the way we typically think about our lives. But the moment she gets to this part of the experience, right, the the Taliban, they're on my doorstep, right? They're coming to get me. It's the, it's what is arguably the climax, the most stressful, chatter provoking event you can imagine. Once she gets to that part, she does something kind of strange.


I'm gonna show you another quote here and I want you to just look at what she says. I asked myself, what would you do, Malala? Then I would reply to myself, Malala, just take a shoe and hit him. But then I said, If you hit a T with your shoe, then there would be no difference between you and the T. So she starts off in the first person, but then she switches, she's she's coaching herself, she's giving herself advice like she would someone else, using her name and the word you. In this instance, what Malala is doing, she's using a tool that we have studied. It is called Distanced Self-talk. And it is useful because we human beings are much, much better at giving advice to other people than we are taking our own advice.


So if you've ever felt like a giant hypocrite, once again, welcome to the human condition. There's even a name for this phenomenon. It's called Solomon's Paradox, named after the Bible's King Solomon, who is famous for being able to give great advice to other people. But when it came to his own affairs, he stumbled mightily using your own name and you shifts your perspective. It gets you to relate to yourself like you were giving advice to someone else. And that makes it much, much easier for us to wisely work through our problems. Another tool you can use to manage your chatter is other people, but you have to be really careful about who you go to for chatter support. Many people think that the best way to help someone else is to let them vent their emotions, but venting doesn't help us work through our chatter.


Wanna repeat that again? 'cause it's a really important take. Home venting doesn't help us work through our chatter. Venting is really useful for strengthening the friendship and relational bonds between people. It is good to know that someone's there. They're willing to take the time to listen and empathize with you. But if all you do is vent about a problem, you leave that conversation, you feel great about the person you just spoke to, but the chatter is still churning 'cause you haven't done anything to actually address it. The best kinds of conversations with other people do two things. One, the person you're talking to does let you express your emotions. It is important for them to empathize with you and validate what you're going through.


But then once you've had an opportunity to to share your feelings, they ideally start working with you to broaden your perspective. They're in an ideal position to help you do that 'cause a problem isn't happening to them. So think really carefully about who your chatter advisors are. They should be people who both listen and advise. That brings me to my third and final tool that I wanna share with you. It's my favorite. It's experiencing awe. About 10 years ago, scientists at Berkeley tracked a group of military veterans and first responders as they paddle down Utah's Majestic Green River. They measured participants levels of PTSD and stress mental states that are infused with chatter both before and after the rafting trip.


Not surprisingly, they found that most of the participants, their stress and PTSD levels declined from the beginning to the end of the experiment. But what was surprising was the factor that predicted those declines in in PTSD and stress. It was participants' experience of awe. Awe is an emotion we experience when we are in the presence of something vast and indescribable. Lots of people get it from an amazing sunset. I'm a science geek, so I get it when I contemplate outer space and interplanetary travel. We have an SUV on Mars right now sending us footage back of that terrain that is awe inspiring to me. When we experience this emotion of awe, it leads to what we call a shrinking of the self.


We feel smaller when we're contemplating something vast and indescribable and when we feel smaller, so does our chatter. I wanna wrap things up by sharing with you a set of observations about our at times messy emotional lives that, that I find myself thinking about quite a bit and every time I do it fills me with both dread and I find it inspiring. Between eight and 10,000 years ago, our ancestors invented the first surgical technique. Its name was trepidation, and what it involved doing was drilling holes in people's skulls. One of the reasons why this technique was believed to be used was to help people manage their emotions.


Big dysregulated emotional responses, let the evil spirits out. Fast forward to 1949, A Portuguese physician wins the Nobel Prize for another emotion regulation intervention. This one's name the frontal lobotomy. We have come a long way, thankfully, from carving holes in people's heads and sticking ice picks in our frontal cortices to provide people with emotional relief. Our our toolbox of science-based skills is vastly improved. What we need to do a better job doing is using these tools in our lives and sharing them with other people.


We spend enormous amounts of resources teaching ourselves how to communicate more effectively with other people. What we need to do is devote an equivalent amount of resources to teaching ourselves how to communicate more effectively with ourselves. Thank you. That was Ethan Cross speaking at TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Race the rudder. Race the sail. Raise the sails Captain. An Unidentified ship is Approaching over. Roger, wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Hey, this is Paige from Giggly Squad and this episode is brought to you by Nordstrom. Nordstrom is here to help you dress in a way that feels totally you. With the best spring styles from boho dresses and matching sets to must have bags and sneakers. Discover thousands of items from lots of your favorite brands like Mango Reformation, Veronica Beard, and Farm Rio. It's easy too with free shipping and returns in store. Order pickup and more. Shop today in stores and@nordstrom.com.