
Race. The rudder Race. The Sails race. The Sails Captain. An unidentified ship is approaching Over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Hi, who here loves when their nails are perfectly done? Me, I'm Sarah Gibson title and I started all of in June because let's be real, we all deserve to have gorgeous nails, but who wants to spend a fortune or half their day at the salon? And that's why I created the Manny system. So you can have that salon perfect manicure right at home. And guess what? The best part, each Manny only costs $2. Yep, you heard me? $2. Normal 30, 40, $50 salon trips that eat up your day. Now you can paint your nails whenever you want, wherever you want. And trust me, you're gonna be obsessed with your nails and everyone is gonna ask you, where did you get your nails done? And here's a little something extra. Head over to olive june.com and get 20% off your first Manny system with code perfect Manny 20 at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20. That's code perfect. Manny, 20 for 20% off at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20, you're all set for a nail glow up. Let's get those nails looking fabulous. Shall we


Worried About what ingredients are hiding in your groceries? Let us take the guesswork out. We're Thrive Market the online grocery store with the highest quality standards in the industry. We restrict 1000 plus ingredients so you can trust that you'll only find the best high quality, organic, and sustainable brands all free of the junk with savings up to 30% off and fast carbon neutral shipping, you get top trusted groceries at your door and you can stop worrying about what your kids get their hands on. Start shopping at Thrive Market dot com slash podcast for 30% off your first order and a free gift.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, writer and actor. Natasha Rothwell is a name and face you're probably familiar with. She has star turns on hit TV shows like White, Lotus, and Insecure. And in 2024, she took the TED stage for a new format that we call On the Spot where she had to answer quick questions and give advice all extemporaneously. It's a whole lot of fun, and you can probably imagine this, but Natasha, of course, sparkled enjoy. Well, I'm quite excited for this format.


I'm gonna ring this here bell. Some questions will pop up. I'll repeat 'em and we'll see what happens. I cut my teeth in improv, so hopefully that pays off. All right. What ignites your creativity? I would have to say for me, I have kind of an insatiable, if not annoying, curiosity about the human condition. I wanna know why I am the way that I am. Why are you the way that you are? But I think when I write, create, direct produce, I wanna do things that people connect to and make them feel less alone. What does TV need more of?


Representation. Representation. I remember growing up and the gymnastics, the mental gymnastics I would have to do to project myself on the protagonist. I mean, Simone Biles could never, and the power of representation is exampled by me being here right now. Part of the reason why I'm here is because of the show. Gimme a break clap If you remember. Okay. It starred Nell Carter. And Nell Carter was a plus size black fatty batty who was unapologetic about taking up space. And she taught me that I too could be a black fatty batty and take up space.


And that's an idea I didn't necessarily know I could latch onto because I didn't see main characters that looked like me. And so I never tapped into that main character energy until I saw her. Ooh, describe your first pinch me moment. I've had several, 10 years ago, I worked for Saturday Night Live, and my very first Saturday there, I went down from the writer's room and I watched the like ending credits on the floor at Studio eight H. And when you're down there, you see the cast on stage clapping, the band is playing, and what you may or may not know is to the left and right of the screen, there are monitors and we get to see what you guys see at home.


And I saw the credits going, and you see the word writers and then you see all of the writers names cycling under the word writers. And I saw my name and it was mind blowing. You know, I was definitely like starstruck in that moment that my name was there and I was there as well. But it was like an aha moment because I had never called myself a writer. And I don't know when it happened, but somewhere along the way I told myself that I can't call myself a writer until someone else calls me a writer. And I'd given away that power. And it was from that moment on, I realized I know I had ambitions to direct and to act on the screen and to be on Broadway and all these things.


I wasn't gonna wait to have someone else give me that identity because just because your paycheck doesn't match your ambition, doesn't mean you aren't those things. Ooh, the best job advice I've ever gotten. Be prolific, not perfect. Change my life. Ooh, lightning round. Okay. A night in or a night out. I'm gonna say a night in. My favorite thing in the world is to be canceled on. Make a plan with me. Make a plan with me and text me like 30 minutes before and say, nah, we can't do it.


You be my best friend. Too hot or too cold. I'm gonna say I'd rather be too cold because there's only so naked I can get in public before it becomes a problem. Winning the lottery or finding your soulmate. I'm, I'm gonna say winning the lottery because listen, my, my soulmates gonna find me. Okay. Caesars salad, a chicken parm, both. I'm a Libra. Can't choose waiting in line for merch or seeing the opener. I'm seeing the opener. Okay. I'm a military brat, so being on time is late, being early is on time.


So I'm seeing the opener with my merch time. Travel to the past or time travel to the future. To the future. Okay. I have anxiety. This would absolutely mitigate my need for beta blockers. Die alone or die lonely? Die alone. Die alone. So I, I wrote a show about dying alone, and that came about because for the better part of my life, I grew up thinking that was the worst thing possible. And what I came to realize was as I got older and my friends got married and were in partnerships, a lot of them were lonely.


And that was hard to watch. And I realized that I had spent the better part of my life, again, thanks to seeing them and a lot of therapy, that loneliness was actually the, the thing to be afraid of. And so the show and my life since having that awakening has been spent finding the antidote to loneliness. And for me, that is vulnerability and allowing myself to have connections. What are we getting wrong about love? I was guilty of this. I often prioritize and valued romantic love over all other types of love.


Truly, it was that golden ring that was I, I was going for. And what that did, it blinded me to the love that was in my life. The vast amount of love in my life, platonic, familial, because I thought, you know, that's, that's not the good stuff. I want that. And I think for me anyway, bringing romantic love in line with all the other kinds of love that exists within the world and within my life, it opened up my eyes and I realized that, you know, my life was lousy with love. I couldn't turn, throw a stone without seeing the vast amount of love in my life.


And I think that also allowed me to see romantic love for what it is, is not the key to my happiness. It's icing. What does it mean to love yourself? Oh boy. Okay. Loving myself is a practice and a practice is inherently imperfect. And I'm a recovering perfectionist, so I love that. So for me, my self-love practice has to have its roots in grace because it is imperfect. And I'm not gonna get it right all the time, but I have to love myself through loving myself.


What's the best thing someone can put on their dating profile? Must be in therapy. That was real. What's blown your mind recently? Oh boy. Okay, I'm gonna share it. I'm gonna share it. I was debating about a month ago. I had my mind blown pretty massively. I found out that I am a DHD, and I know what you're probably thinking. You're like, oh man, everybody's suddenly a DHD.


By and large, it's a lot of women and women of color because we often go undiagnosed and a lot of those women who had gone undiagnosed or posting on TikTok, and I'm watching it, and I've already knew that I was like a little neuro spicy, but I didn't know how much until I started watching these tiktoks. And I was identifying, you know, post after post after post. And so I went to three different doctors to get my diagnosis and P, you know, PSA, you don't need to go to three different doctors. But I was resisting that diagnosis. Heavy. Heavy. I didn't want it to be true.


And I didn't want it to be true for a couple of reasons. One, I would have to look back at my life as you know, in elementary school and middle school, high school and college, and remember those moments of acute pain where I was struggling. Struggling so hard to be what I thought I was supposed to be in a particular moment when I couldn't focus when I was chasing dopamine instead of reading my books when I struggled to power through a day because I couldn't sleep the night before. And that's sad when you look back and you see all of those moments that probably could have been remedied had I known.


And the other reason why I think it's also, it was hard for me to accept the diagnosis. I think it's kind of, it necessitates pencils down. You guys know the concept of pencils down when you're taking a test in school and the teacher's like, pencils down, you're done. So that meant I had to look at myself as whole as, I don't need to change those things about me that were al already innate, that I tried to change my whole life. I just had to hold onto it. I had to hold onto it and support it and love it. And so the pencil's down, that's hard for perfectionist, especially a writer because I wanna edit.


And so it was a powerful thing and a painful thing, but it blew my mind to smithereens. Ooh, what would you tell your 20-year-old you? You got a DHD girl, you got a HD. No, but for real, I would also tell her, you are enough, more than enough. And you are going to meet and hug Idris Elba.


That's my time guys. Thank you so much. That was actor, writer, and producer Natasha Rothwell at TED Next in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar and Sica SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Nordstrom brings you the season's most wanted brands, skims, mango free people, and Princess Polly all under a hundred dollars. From trending sneakers to Beauty must-haves, we've curated the styles you'll wear on repeat this spring, free shipping, free returns, and in-store pickup. Make it easier than ever. Shop now in stores and@nordstrom.com


Forever. Change the way you sleep with the softest 100% organic cotton bedding from Boll and Branch you'll fall asleep faster wrapped in the most luxurious comfort. You'll never sleep hot again. With blankets, duvets, and sheets that feel breathable to sleep in, you'll experience pure comfort on night one. And feel your bedding, get softer with every wash. Take 20% off your first order during Bolland Branch's annual spring event@bollandbranch.com. With code buttery limited time only exclusions apply. See site for details.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That Hiring partner is LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED Pod to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.