1 (7s):
You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Streaming platforms, corporate gatekeepers, and now AI have eroded the power of artists. And today, creative people globally struggle to earn a living. Is it possible that an artist powered revolution is on its way for writer, entrepreneur, and former Kickstarter, CEO Yancey Strickler? The answer is yes. In his talk, he shares his idea for a radical new legal structure, which he calls the Artist Corporation that could give creatures real economic and organizational power on their own terms.

1 (48s):
Coming up

Verizon (56s):
Now at Verizon, we have some big news for your peace of mind. For all our customers existing and new, we are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan and my home. That's future you. Peace of mind, and everyone can save on a brand new phone on my plan. When you trade in any phone from one of our top brands, that's new phone peace of mind. Because at Verizon, whether you're already a customer or you're just joining us, we got you. Visit Verizon today. Price guarantee applies to then current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions apply for all offers.

Capital One (1m 27s):
If you love to travel, Capital One has a rewards credit card that's perfect for you. With a Capital One Venture X card, you earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus you get premium benefits. At a collection of luxury hotels when you book on Capital One travel and with Venture X, you get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Open up a world of travel possibilities with a Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet Terms apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.

SimpliSafe (1m 59s):
This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking simply, safe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simply safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.

0 (2m 58s):
So if you wanna

5 (2m 59s):
Understand how challenging the future could be for creative people, just look at what's happening with musicians right now. Up until the late nineties, people either listen to music for free on the radio or by buying a physical copy to listen to at home. But then the internet happened. And now Spotify and other streaming services give us access to an infinite catalog of music. We don't own anything, but we can rent pretty much all of it. So people pay less money, which means musicians make less money, but the platforms make a lot of money. Recently, researchers have discovered a new type of song on Spotify, a ghost song by a ghost artist. These are unnamed, uncredited musicians who are paid to make music.

5 (3m 41s):
That sounds like what the Spotify algorithm says people want to hear. In recent years, some of Spotify's most prominent playlists have seen real songs by real artists replaced with ghost songs, by ghost artists. Real songs have to be paid real royalties, ghost songs don't. Something like this dynamic is playing out across every creative industry, maximize profits by minimizing creator compensation. Now add AI and the ghost artist doesn't even have to be human anymore, A future of art without artists. Now I'm not an expert on ai, but I have spent the last 25 years working as a creative person and making tools for creative people.

5 (4m 26s):
I'm the son of a musician, and my career began writing about music for Pitchfork in the Village Voice. I started a tiny record label, and I'm one of the co-founders of Kickstarter, which gave creative people a way to bypass the gatekeepers and go straight to the public with their projects. Before Kickstarter, so many amazing projects had no chance to exist because they didn't fit some pre-existing business model. After Kickstarter, millions of people have exchanged billions of dollars in support of new ideas. Where there was a wall, we built a door. But despite what you hear about the creator economy, the reality for most creative people is stark.

5 (5m 7s):
It's estimated that 85% of visual artists make less than $25,000 a year, and that just 13% of creative people earn a full-time living from their work. So we're not talking about aristocrats and rock stars, we're talking about people working hard, trying to make a living by doing what comes natural to them. A musician, a craftsperson, a community theater director, a potter, millions of people who are our friends, our family, our neighbors who inspire us, and millions more people too. But despite being so central to how we experience life, we don't make things easy for these folks. There's no automatic healthcare, there's no retirement benefits, there's no path to collective wealth at all.

5 (5m 47s):
They're entirely on their own. In a world of global capitalism, creative people operate like 18th century traveling peddlers, moving from village to village and project to project, trying to piece together a living. So there's something missing here, a way for creative people to get access to the basics and be a part of something bigger than just them on their own. And I personally really struggled with this. A few years ago, I was grinding away in the creator economy and getting lonelier by the second that people most like me were my biggest competition. It left me constantly on edge and burnt out and alone. Eventually, I got so frustrated, I started a new project to help creative people release work together.

5 (6m 29s):
It's called Meta Label. And one of the first releases was by myself and 10 other writers who'd all independently written about the same subject. So I reached out to these people who I didn't know, and I proposed a way that we would work together. We would publish our pieces together in a book, and the initial sales would go back to paying the cost of making it. After that 70% of the profits would be split equally among us and 30% would go into a shared treasury that we could use for a future project if things went well, everyone agreed and we became the Dark Forest Collective. And now a year later, we've sold 2000 copies of this book. More than $70,000 has automatically flowed through our arrangement and just now we published our second book by another author, even better than the First.

5 (7m 12s):
And our little collective is gonna make six figures, which is wild. But then I realized it was kind of silly to be so legally yolo about this, and so I should create some sort of structure to represent what we were doing. And I was surprised to find there wasn't an obvious fit. We could be an LLC, but that just puts a shield over the project. It doesn't help you grow the pie or share it. We could be a C corporation, but then you're taxed twice and you have all sorts of overhead. You could be a nonprofit and then be wrapped in red tape. So I started thinking, what If you could create a new structure for a project like ours? So I reached out to a trusted colleague and soon we were speaking to experts in making new corporate forms.

5 (7m 54s):
And for the last year, a small team of us have been working together digging into this question. And I'm here representing our work because we've come up with something, a new structure for creative work. We call it the Artist Corporation or a corp. Now, I realize that a new corporate structure sounds like the last thing creative people need, and that these two words are the exact opposite of each other. But the A corp just might be the door that opens up a new path to prosperity for creative people. You could think of an A corp as like a company, but built for how creative people work.

5 (8m 36s):
And we can imagine a band starts and right from the beginning they have an A corp. So not just five individuals, they're people who collectively own an organization that has the power to own their intellectual property, their gear, their business. As they start to get paid, that money can automatically flow to each of the members according to preset amounts. And they could even set aside money to be saved for future projects in a treasury or pulling together with other artist corporations to get better healthcare or other benefits. As an Artist Corporation, they would also be able to receive both commercial revenue as well as nonprofit sources of funding. And if a label or a bigger commercial entity came along, rather than just selling the rights to their intellectual property, which has been customary until now as an Artist Corporation, they can issue shares.

5 (9m 22s):
So instead, that entity would make an investment in the Artist Corporation allowing it to be valued more highly and everyone to benefit if things went well. Now, these are simple things for many businesses to do, but they're very hard for creative people to do. But artists, corporations will take these same capabilities and put them in the hands of the entire creative community. And creative people are already leaders and entrepreneurs, we just don't think of them that way. The painter Mike Kelly once said, I started out an anarchist and a hippie, and now I'm an entrepreneur with 15 employees. Look at Tyler, the creator, teenage hip hop, phenom turned fashion impresario, and now World Builder or Dolly Parton, who turned her incredible talent and fame into a whole world of businesses and even a theme park that celebrates where she comes from in the Smoky Mountains of Tennessee.

5 (10m 15s):
Now, these are people at the top of their game who use their agency to take these bigger risks. But what If you didn't have to be in the 1% to get that chance? What if these sort of tools and self-determination were a part of every artist's kit? So this is not a government handout, this is not a charity. This is not a special favor. This is the exact opposite right now. Creative people are excluded from the full benefits of capitalism. Artists, corporations will treat them as real economic actors for the first time. Creating a consistent structure for how we value creative work is gonna cause a revolution in how these industries operate. And it's gonna bring more money into the space than we've ever seen before. A lot of it coming from fans who just wanna support the world they want to see, it won't be looking for a big financial return.

5 (10m 60s):
Other people will. And I fully expect venture capital for artists and creatures to become a real thing. And to be honest, this is where I start to get nervous. But then I remember the way things are now and that in the past, artists have had to answer to the church, to kings, the aristocracy, wealthy patrons, network executives, now corporate algorithms. But artists, corporations finally give us our own seat at the table to make this a reality. We're following an established path for making new corporate forms, and we have people on our team who have successfully done this before. A lot of this work will be happening in public building, a coalition of artists, creatures, fans, investors, politicians, all people who believe that artists, corporations are a good thing for everybody.

5 (11m 48s):
'cause this isn't anti-tech, this isn't anti ai. This is about what type of world we wanna live in. One where we rent access to corporate controlled AI generated platforms, or one where our creative and cultural institutions are owned by the people who made them. If we keep artists powerless, the options are just gonna get more and more limited. But if we allow them to be more than just individuals, whole new possibilities away, the next Disney won't be started by AI or some traditional company. It'll start as an Artist Corporation, a creative vision brought to life by a person or group of people.

5 (12m 30s):
That changes how the rest of us see the world. Artists don't need pity, artists need power, and together we're gonna build it. Thank you. Yeah,

1 (12m 53s):
That was Yi Strickler speaking at TED 2025. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.

Capital One (13m 40s):
If you love to travel, Capital One has a rewards credit card that's perfect for you. With the Capital One Venture X card, you earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus you get premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels. When you book on Capital One travel and with Venture X, you get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Open up a world of travel possibilities with a Capital One Venture X card. What's in your wallet Terms, apply lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.

President Trump's Plan (14m 9s):
Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.

Ramp (15m 11s):
And we're back folks. It looks like Jim from sales just got in from his client lunch and he's gotten receipts. His next meeting is in two minutes. The team is asking can he get through his expenses in that time? He's going for it. Is that his phone? He's snapping a pick. He's texting Ram Jim is fast, but this is unheard of. That's it. He's done it. It's unbelievable. On ramp expenses are faster than ever. Just submit them with a text. Switch your business to ramp.com.