
TED, Audio Collective. Hello TED Talks Daily. listeners. I'm Ted's head of Media and Curation Helen Walters. Today we're bringing You a special conversation with Ian Bremmer, president and founder of Eurasia Group and G zero O Media. Ian and I discussed everything from the expanding war in the Middle East, To, climate change, To misinformation, all in relation, To, the upcoming OOS presidential election, the two main candidates running for office and their potential policies for the years ahead. This conversation was recorded as a part of our series. TED explains the world at a live TED membership event on October the 10th, 2024 Thanks for listening.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security You expect from Apple plus You. Earn up To 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when You open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply For Apple. Card in the wallet app subject To credit approval savings is available. To Apple Card owners Subject To eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, salt Lake City branch member FD I C terms and more at Apple Card dot com


Teams with big ideas start in Jira, the only project management tool. You need To plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping OOS in sync. To deliver the big ideas our listeners love and there's a lot more That teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key. So That, we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need. To make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea today in Jira.


True trailblazers know That innovation doesn't come from meeting expectations. So not only does the BMW seven series exceed expectations, it transcends themes shaped by the visionaries of the future. The BMW seven series and available all electric I seven is uncharted luxury from the rear executive lounge hosting an available 31 inch theater screen and 40 surround sound To realtime highway and parking assistance. The BMW seven series has changed the standards of luxury with relentless innovation made. For those who appreciate detail by those who are obsessed with it, learn more about the innovative BMW seven series and available as a 100% electric I seven at bmw usa


Odoo com.


Hello, I'm Kaia Adler with a gift wrapped in a podcast. It's called The Global Story. One big international news story in detail. Every weekday with the BBC's best journalists, they've always got stories To tell hiding Under the desk in the BBC Gaza Bureau while airstrikes came in and were blowing the windows In and they always deliver insight. That is the global story gift. Join oos the global story from the BBC World Service wherever You get your BBC podcasts.


Hello everybody, it's lovely To. Be here with You today. I am Helen Walters. I am the head of media and curation at TED and I am thrilled To be your host for this episode of TED Explains the World with Ian Bremmer. Ian of course is not only the president and founder of the geopolitical risk advisory firm, Eurasia Group. He is also a scion of the media industry. He is the head of G zero O Media and today I wanted To. Say hi To all of the TED members who are here watching this and thank You for sending in your questions. We are gonna get right To themes. Hi Ian. Hi. Good To. See You. Okay, so We are here. To talk about the OOS election, a giant moment not just for America but also for the entire world. On the docket, We have former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris.


Today is October the 10th. People have already started To vote, but as we count down To the official election day of November the fifth, What Odoo You think What thoughts are people taking into the ballot box with themes. We think the most important thought, and this is a global conversation, it's a global audience that's dialed into OOS today. We've had a lot of elections happening this year and most of themes have been change Elections. They are a backdrop of people That are not particularly happy with where they believe their country is going. And and That has led To a lot of voting against incumbents who traditionally have some advantages.


Doesn't mean all the incumbents have been voted out but they've all had a tough time. And That is as true in countries with enormously popular leaders like Modi for example, in India as it is in countries, That have had leaders, That have faced real difficulties like Macron and France. You've seen in South Africa, Rama Posa and the A NCA number of conservative PMs seeing the end of their rule in the UK with labor. That's the backdrop. And and this backdrop comes in part because inflation is really high on the back of the pandemic and people are upset about their economic prospects also because migration is high in part on the back of the pandemic when people weren't moving and suddenly they could.


And also in part of broader structural trends around the world, bigger gaps between rich and poor climate challenges, geopolitical challenges in war, all of those things. Repressive regimes have led To environments where people That are going To the ballot box are not happy with who they're voting for. And the United States is no exception. The difference in the oos I would say a couple of big ones. One is That, the disinformation environment and the political division and dysfunction around That division is much higher today than it has been in any of the other advanced industrial democracies.


And secondly, the visceral unpopularity among opponents of of these candidates is much higher than we have seen either in these other countries or historically in recent times in the United States. Which means not only is this a very, very close election and I don't have a strong view at this point, even one month out of who's going To win, it's gonna be determined by a small number of voters and a small number of districts and a small number of swing states. And you've all seen That You know I have I have nothing more To tell You than What. You've seen from all the pollsters and all the media on That but also That. So many Americans are not prepared.


To accept the outcome. So many Americans are prepared. To see That, this is rigged. And let's also remember we've just gotten through and no one asked me about this in the past few weeks, but it's important. We've just had two assassination attempts, quite serious ones. One That was very close from succeeding against former President Trump in case people were worried You know, not not thinking about just how serious the passions, the tensions, the conflict is as the backdrop for this election. The stakes are very serious indeed. Right, right. Let's dive headlong into your world. Let's talk foreign policy. What, Odoo You See as the major differences between the candidates and their worldview and and how Odoo You think That they might What be.


What might be the difference in how they approach international relations. If they're elected Well, one I mean this might be a boring way To start, but it's important is the way That they will govern will be very different. Very different from Biden and very different from each other. But Biden is and has been the most experienced foreign policy hand we've had as a president in decades. He's was vice president of course, and served That completely before That. He had served in the Senate for his entire career, including running the foreign relations committee. So when You see Biden or back before He his age really started To show.


When You have seen Biden on stages globally, You see him meeting with leaders. That He has known personally. He has had long relationships with for a very long time. That is also true of his inner circle in the White House. These are people That have worked with Biden for decades. That He knows That, He trusts and therefore Biden's foreign policy decision making style is made in the White House, right? And He, they make decisions. The president makes a surprising number of those decisions himself and then they expect the cabinet To execute on those decisions, implement on themes.


That's very different than What. We would see under Kamala Harris, she's had a lot of foreign policy exposure from being vice president. Made a lot of trips, met with a lot of leaders that's very useful for four years. That's very different from a lot of direct foreign policy making experience as a principal. That she has not had and she would rely on a much more traditional cabinet. So how a Harris foreign policy manifests would have much more Odoo Odoo with the people she decides. To appoint in state as NSA in defense, in treasury, in commerce than it has for the Biden administration.


And they'll have regular cabinet meetings which Biden has not been doing. And when they Odoo and they have differences, That need To be hashed out, they'll be hashed out in front of her and she'll play a very active role in steering That conversation. But it's very different from Biden where for a Trump administration there would be a small number of high level issues. That He will make decisions on in a untransparent and frequently instinctive way. And He won't take a lot of advice from other people around those decisions. And then there'll be a whole other host of policymaking decisions. That He will not be interested in almost at all. And those will be decisions that'll be made by others. That happen. To be trusted around him and afforded the responsibility for those issues, which might be the cabinet secretaries, but might also be informal people That are in or around the White House.


You know for example as Jared Kushner ended up with the Middle East portfolio last time around. So I mean I know You wanna ask me about policy? But I don't wanna sleep on the fact That. A lot of the way policy gets implemented in a really big organization like the OOS government depends on What kind of leadership and structure. You have. And these would be very two very, very different structures. Hmm, that's really interesting. Who Odoo You think like we think That the the con, the question of personnel, the question of who's in those inner circles does really matter. What is your sense of who's gonna be surrounding the president in the next four years.


Well I. I wanna say one? That for Trump. Those decisions are almost always made at the last minute and Trump responds a lot there. Recency the person. That He just met That just impressed him. That looked like, sounded like the person. That should be in That role. Even if He has never met That person before, he'll be very excited and say I want That person in That job. Look at the way Rex Tillerson became Secretary of State I mean had didn't know Trump from Adam and came outta That meeting Well. I'm gonna guess I got the job and That That could have been Jim Stati.


That could have been Dave Petraeus. They would've been very different. So definitely the fact That Trump has been president for four years means That. There is a constellation of people around him. That have worked with him. That are trusted. That He will go back. To we think Robert O'Brien who had been National Security advisor will certainly play a senior role again in a Trump administration. we think That certainly Robert Lighthizer who is Oos trade rep will probably be running trade in some form. In some position he'd like To be Secretary of Treasury I. Don't think he's gonna get That job but he'll Odoo something. But there'll also be a bunch of people. That You know will be complete surprises, even shocks To the system.


And I can tell You like You know people. That look good right now. Tom Cotton is certainly the Senator. Certainly looks like He is You know. Got a very good chance of either running defense or C I. A Pompeo always throws himself in the mix though He didn't endorse Trump until very late and it's not clear whether he'd get a a nod or not. There's always a question of What Jared and or Ivanka might Odoo even though they've said they don't wanna be around this time around. Trump keeps going back To themes every time He sees themes. Yeah, of course you're saying That but you're gonna be in You know you're gonna be in and and I want You in and you'll see What That means so I. we think there's an enormous amount of uncertainty now for Kamala Harris.


She has told the people That want the positions around her. That You know definitely her staff is collecting all That information. She is not prepared. To start That decision making process until after an election assuming she wins. So still very early in That process too. But You You have a, a lot of people around Kamala, certainly That You would expect To have significant positions in my world. Her lead foreign policy advisor has been Phil Gordon serving in the National Security Council in the White House. Very capable I would expect he'd have a good shot at being National Security Advisor.


Assuming He wants That job. we think for Secretary of State Bill Burns, a lot of people say if He he's older, He is In his mid seventies. But He is done a very solid job not only running the C I a but also running point on the Middle East. If He wanted the job at State, we think he'd have a very good shot at it. we think my good friend Chris Kons, the senator from Delaware who's been a lead foreign policy voice in the Senate, probably the most capable on senate co-chair of the campaign would certainly be in the running for That post I could see others. Susan Rice, former national security advisor we think is certainly interested in it. So a lot, a lot of people That I, we think You would consider To be fairly center To Center left fairly establishment type figures in key foreign policy and economic related roles.


I don't think there'd be a huge shift from from Biden, To, That group That there. I'm not expecting the Biden people would stay, but in terms of their orientation towards the world, I don't think It would be dramatically different. I mean whatever happens, foreign policy is gonna be front and center for whoever is in this po. This those positions we are all watching what's happening in the Middle East, what's unfolding there with increasing horror as Lebanon's been drawn in, increasingly Iran is connected. What changes, Odoo You see in the Middle East come January 25 Well. Let's first talk about the changes we're seeing before January 25 because this war, You and I Helen have talked about it a few times since October 7th.


And it continues To change pretty dramatically on almost a daily basis. One of the biggest things That changes of course you're right That, the war has escalated. It's escalated on several different occasions since October 7th. But in addition, To the fact That the war has escalated. You know in in Gaza, To a ground invasion now into the into the northern front into Lebanon with Hezbollah and of course more broadly across the Middle East with the so-called axis of resistance led by Iran and even with shots fired between the Iranians and Israel. Now on a couple of occasions, the fact is That, some of the organizations That have been involved in this war are no longer experiencing the capacity.


To escalate. So I mean Hamas. You may have seen That Swar who is running Hamas on the ground has just recently in the last 24 hours announced That they're gonna start suicide bombings again. Which they had said That, they weren't going To use as operational policy. The reason they're announcing That is because they can't Odoo much of anything else. Their tunnels have been sealed, their weapons cachets have been destroyed, their leadership has been obliterated. I mean they just don't have the ability To mount a credible organized fighting force. And so it's definitely still a threat because You know suicide bombers are not To be slept on but, but It is nowhere near the threat.


It was on October 7th, Hezbollah has now said That, they would like a ceasefire with Israel and they're not linking It To ending the fighting in Gaza anymore. That That was utterly fundamental. To What they were saying for the last entire year they started launching rockets at Israel on October 8th, the day after October 7th. And they said they're not gonna stop until Israel stops bombing Gaza. Well What changed. What changed is That Nasrallah, the leader of Hezbollah was assassinated. His entire leadership team has been systematically assassinated. Thousands and thousands of their fighters have been killed and maimed and their war fighting capability and their communications capability is being systematically torn apart.


So Israel's military asymmetries have stopped their enemies from being capable of escalating with the potential potential untested exception of Iran. And the big debate right now of course is how will the Israelis respond To the Iranian attacks this one hundred 80 ballistic missiles and What might the Iranians Odoo in response. we think the concerns of escalation here are overwhelmingly about the Israeli decision making process because the Iranians actually understand That.


They too are quickly running out of ways. To effectively escalate against a far, far stronger Israel with of completely committed ally of the United States now. So That, that's where we have been. That's where we are now. I'm I'm happy To move To You. Know who would Odoo What and what To expect going forward. If you like Helen, but please f frame it as You wish Well. So we think the question That a lot of, a lot of members actually have sent in before we convened here and we think a question on a lot of people's mind is What influence. You talk about the is Israeli decision making process What influence can either candidate actually have on That decision making process?


And how does either candidate actually have a hope of making any kind of difference in What actually is transpiring over in the Middle East. we think that's the framing Well let, let's first of all recognize That, even if the United States wanted To have a lot of influence and was prepared To use leverage To get it. Which President Biden has not been willing To Odoo. But even if they were That does not mean That the Israelis and this Israeli government in particular would be falling in lockstep behind the United States' preferences. I mean in Ukraine, You have a country That is much more reliant on American larges.


To continue fighting than the Israelis are. And at the end of the day, the Ukrainians have taken a number of decisions in this war, in their war That the Americans would not weren't aware of and would not have supported right I mean for example the sending of 40,000 troops into Russia into kis. The oos didn't know That and certainly didn't think it was a good idea afterwards. Taiwan is much more reliant on the United States for its continued ability. To survive in some sovereign fashion governing its own territory. And yet we see frequently decisions by the Taiwanese government statements they make. That are clearly seen as escalatory by by Beijing That.


The Americans would not want themes To make. So we think That American influence over allies is frequently overstated, right? we think we should start with That but, but it is clear That, however much influence the Americans might have on Israel. President Biden has been unwilling To test, That theory. He's been unwilling To potentially meet out any consequences To the Israeli government whatsoever if they choose To, ignore American private warnings which have been repeated and fairly sharp and public concerns which have been aired more infrequently and much more softly if the United States was prepared.


To take off the table. Off the table. The military support That. They provide Israel, or at least the offensive military support, continue To provide the ability for Israel. To defend itself against attacks from its enemies around the region. Something That You know Macron for example, is now talking about the French president. Something That the UK has flirted with, with the new Kara Starr administration. I, we think You would probably see at the margins more willingness of the Israelis To consult with the Americans as they're making decisions about, for example, how far To go into Lebanon.


we think there'd be more decision making. That was made, at least with the Americans in awareness of it in advance. I'm not sure it would've changed the way the Israelis are pursuing in fighting the war. In part because It is so overwhelmingly popular in Israel because the Israelis don't support a two-state solution anymore. Because the Israelis want To Odoo everything possible. To get their hostages out and To get their 60,000 civilians back into the north. And That means You know fighting Hamas To the last leader and fighter That they can and destroying Hezbollah as Well. So I'm not sure That the United States would have much effect on Israel.


But there's another question which is would the United States have more support from other countries around the world? The OOS has lost a lot of influence with the global south, particularly Southeast Asia for example, Indonesia, Malaysia, even Singapore because they are perceived as complicit in the Israeli strikes into Gaza. And the lack of humanitarian assistance getting in for the people of Gaza I, we think a, a policy by the oos which was more aligned with allies in Europe and the Gulf would be more broadly supported by other countries. That have gone sour on the Oos as a consequence of That and and here there's a big difference between Harris and Trump.


Harris would certainly be wanted. To wanna be seen as the president of the most important ally of Israel in the world. I don't think she would change That at all. But I also think she would Odoo a lot more To help ensure That the Palestinians got regular humanitarian aid in as opposed To the roughly 10% of What they had at Preoc October 7th. right now we think she'd push harder on That directly and publicly with Israel. we think she'd be working more closely with the United Nations and I also think she'd be working more closely multilaterally with American allies. we think That Trump on the other hand has already made clear He does not support a two-state solution anymore.


He did when He was president the first time around. In fact, That was behind the Bahrain conference and behind the Abraham Accords was a nominal map, a roadmap for a two-state solution with What That would look like in the West Bank in particular, He has also said That He would support Israel directly striking Iran's nuclear facilities. Jared Kushner has circulated What He thinks is a unique opportunity for Israel. To take care of the, as He describes That the is the Iranian problem. There's no question in my mind That Kamala Harris would not support That. So frankly we think That Harris and Trump differ perhaps the most on the Middle East, specifically on Israel Palestine than they Odoo on any other major foreign policy issue out there.


And and we think That That is likely To manifest after January And now back To the episode. So that's interesting 'cause the next question That I wanted To ask You about was Ukraine and Russia. And we're reading right now about Bob Woodward's reporting on like maybe giving Covid tests To Putin or calling Putin when He hasn't been in office claims. Which He den, which Trump denies but we think it's clear To outsiders, at least That. It seems like the the approach To Russia would be pretty different, different between the two candidates.


But What Odoo You think would change in the OOS as dealings with Russia when either one of themes is elected. So the Trump team has denied That, they've had those phone calls. We don't have any evidence of themes from Woodward, so we don't know yet the Putin and the Kremlin has confirmed the Covid tests. The Covid tests are interesting. The Covid vaccines, excuse me. And we think I, we think that's that's, excuse me, I am s right? Is it was It tests or vaccines? I've seen both actually. Actually we think, we think it was tests Was It tests. So To me that's interesting because it's not like Trump I mean Trump talked a good game with Putin.


And you'll remember the Helsinki Summit in particular where it seemed like You know He was trying To make nice nice with Putin as his best buddy, as opposed To the ways he's been much tougher with some OOS allies in nato. But the reality of oos policy under Trump was not That. The reality is That the javelin missiles anti-tank missiles, That Biden refused To provide To Ukraine were provided in the Trump administration. The reality is That a series of high level sanctions against Russia were actually ti tightened and toughened under Trump That were not under Obama.


And also Trump was pushing much stronger against the Germans on the Nord Stream pipeline and aligning their energy security To Russia, which Obama didn't care very much about. So That is a You know it's a little counter To What. The narrative in the media actually discusses around Trump. Now it is. And and providing machines That Odoo covid testing You know in in an environment where You have a really bad relationship with someone, but You know You need To, communicate with themes and You are prepared.


To work with themes in areas That are not hurting your national security. That actually strikes me as a fairly sensible thing. To Odoo and reflects leadership. So I I would not be critical of That if we find out That, it is indeed true. That Trump has been in regular contact with Putin since leaving the presidency while refusing To Talks Odoo zelensky until Zelensky begged for a meeting at the UN and and didn't wanna take it and finally did That That would be we think an issue of significant concern and we'd want information if we could get it around. What was, What was actually in those conversations, but, but I, we think That if Trump were To become president.


Now you've heard from many people now about how stupid it sounds. That Trump is gonna end the war in a day. And I You know, we think You and I can agree. Helen That Trump is occasionally prone. To You know slightly exaggerating things and and That might, That might be true with the 24 hours, it might take 36 hours for example, for him to come. To peace between Russia and Ukraine, maybe even 48 I mean if He had To golf in between. But I mean more, more seriously the fact What He He wants To end the war. One of the things That He considers To be a feature of his administration is New Wars did not start under his administration.


He was very loathed use force even against the Iranians. When the Emiratis, the Saudis were begging themes and they were, the Iranians were engaging in all sorts of strikes in the region against You know oil facilities, against ships, against American bases. And He didn't Odoo anything. And then finally when He finally did, He finally took a big whack and killed Qsm Soleimani. And then the Iranians didn't Odoo much at all because they saw That. This was not To be trifled with. But He was very reluctant. To use military force and we think That clearly He wants To be the guy. That says He ended the war between Russia and Ukraine.


And the way He intends To Odoo it is To call Putin and To call Zelensky and say you've gotta freeze the conflict where It is or else. So what's the or else Well. If the Ukrainians don't accept a ceasefire and freezing the conflict where It is and then there'll be negotiations of some undetermined form, then He would cut the Ukrainians off from any further support from the oos. So in other words, that's a pretty big stick if Zelensky doesn't accept It and it would also divide Europe. Some Europeans would support Trump, certainly Hungary's Orban. And then there would be some very difficult decision making made by other countries. That aren't on the front lines like Poland, the Baltics and the Nordics who would definitely oppose Trump, but others would have a harder time making up their mind.


And then he'd go To the Russians. And He would say, okay, you've gotta accept this ceasefire or else or else What or else I'm gonna put much tougher sanctions on You. You're not gonna grow at 4%. I'm gonna stop You from exporting oil. To India, I'm gonna end That deal I am gonna put sanctions on the banks in China. That are allowing You, To engage in financial transactions. I'm going To serious, I'm gonna put sanctions on your central bank. So I mean That would've massive costs for the world and for the Europeans. Again, it would divide the Europeans from the United States, but it would certainly be a pretty big stick.


That Putin would be hit by now. I mean the question of course is how Odoo You game this out. Like I mean. Does Zelensky say yes, knowing That Putin is gonna say no. If Zelensky says no, can Putin then say yes? And He doesn't have anything. To worry about I mean clearly. I mean not That. These guys are gonna be gaming it out together. But it's a serious question. Now this one thing, That That Trump is unlikely To Odoo, he's very unlikely To call the Europeans and coordinate with themes, which has been the most successful part of Biden's policy. The fact That It has been, unlike Biden's, middle East policy, Biden's Russia, Ukraine policy has been a multilateral policy led by the OOS in nato. And so at every step of the way, economic sanctions, freezing of Russia's assets, provision of intelligence, provision of military support and training, all of That is being done collectively by the entire alliance.


Even the Japanese and the South Koreans, the Australians have been on board with all of this. It is highly unlikely Trump will Odoo That. Trump is much more likely. To make those phone calls, To the Russians and Ukrainians himself. And a lot of allies are gonna find out about It when they're briefed by Trump's people or when they watch it on tv. And, and That of course is a much more challenging way. To run policy. Now Harris would be very different. Harris would have a multilateral policy not only in lockstep with the Europeans, but she would not be prepared To, Odoo, anything with Russia unless the Ukrainians were on board. So it's a very different approach. Again, the the structural approach, not the intention of the policy.


The structural approach would be very, very different. The intention of the policy would be the end, the war and end the war even accepting That. The Ukrainians are not gonna get all their land back. Now we think That, the the orientation That Harris has on all of this, which is pretty interesting, is That the Ukrainians in order To be enticed. To accept a freezing of the conflict, which defacto means That, they lose a fifth of their territory even though they don't You know, accept That politically, they need To be given hard security guarantees. And the hard security guarantees That they are given is NATO membership, which has never been actually extended.


They say yes, you're gonna be allowed in, but when We have no idea and, and we think That, if if the OOS says If, you accept a freezing of the conflict, we give You NATO membership and That means the conflict is frozen. You lose 20% of your territory. But if Russia tries To take any more, they're fighting everybody. They're fighting nato. That's acceptable. To, Zelensky Zelensky we think can get there. In a way, That It would be much, much harder for Zelensky. To accept What. Trump would be arguing for on their sal phone call. The the point of course is That, Putin won't accept That because Putin isn't prepared.


To accept Ukraine being a part of nato. But if Putin says no and He won't have negotiations, but the Ukrainians say yes and NATO says yes, You are now in a better position globally because You can now go To other countries with influence over Russia like China and say, look, We, we've got a peace plan here. It is, and we are all on board. And a lot of the countries in the global south, That just desperately want this war. To be over What we think be sympathetic. To, That in in a way That right now they're not sympathetic. To the OOS position, which is we defer To Ukraine and the Ukrainians are saying we want all of our land back and everyone knows they're not gonna get all their land back.


So it's endless war That endless war. By the way, That the Ukrainians are increasingly not gonna be capable of fighting. So this is, this is a, the reality we think is That the ultimate policy outcomes. That, Trump and Harris would find acceptable are closer than You would think, but the mechanisms That, they would use To, try To achieve those outcomes are radically different. And as a consequence, the potential for success, the consequences of failure would also be very, very different. Whew. That is so interesting. I will be chewing on That for some time. But now I'm gonna change the subject completely. Okay, we think That We should talk about climate change.


Milton just flattened Florida, Hela decimated North Carolina. We know You know I know, we know That climate change is not a theoretical threat. It is ever present. It is increasingly dangerous. What, Odoo, You think the candidates are gonna say about climate and I guess in the back of my mind, I have the voices of the young people I've heard who are increasingly nihilistic about the idea That, anyone is ever gonna take any meaningful kind of change on climate. So where are the candidates and are they gonna, are the young, are the young people actually, right? Oh yeah, the young people are right And the young people are the ones. That are ultimately gonna make the change on climate. They're the ones That are going To demand That companies change their behavior or they'll stop buying their goods.


They're the ones who demand That. Governments change or they're going To vote for much more radical outcomes. And they're gonna increasingly Odoo That as they have a larger share of the voting population at they have have a larger share of wallet and consumer spend. And of course as the implications of climate change become much more real for all of oos internationally, I, I, I of course We know it's getting worse because so much of it is already baked in irrespective of What, We Odoo going forward. And, and we see the manifestations of That in massive storms and massive droughts. Climate change, climate weirding as they call it, climate escalation on both sides. We see That all the time and everyone accepts it even though there's disinformation online.


You've got 193 countries around the world. That are all signatories for the intergovernmental panel on climate change. And they all accept That What we see and what the scientists tell Oos in front of our eyes and I certainly understand That, a Harris administration is going To talk a much bigger game about green energy and about a transition To sustainable energy. I also know That. Trump is gonna talk a lot more about drill, baby drill and oil and gas and even coal and He will give much more personal access.


To his administration from the CEOs of those companies who will be more frequent guests and they almost never have a chance. To see Biden. But, but, but, but You saw That Harris walked back, her I opposed fracking. She walked it back de facto when she became vice president. She walked it back in in Dre when she was asked about it on the trail. The United States is now producing more oil than ever before and far more oil than anyone else in the world. Far more than the Saudis, far more than the Russians. That is under a Harris Biden administration.


And I expect That That would be extended under Harris presidency under Trump. There's no question That He is going, To make it easier. To have permitting for additional drilling in Alaska and other places and He is gonna make the regulatory environment easier. To navigate for more infrastructure, build the rest of it. But I don't think, think he's going To suddenly eviscerate the inflation reduction act because so many of the jobs That come from That legislation are red state jobs. So much of the investment is red state investment. And I mean the, the highest level of post carbon energy production in the United States was California a couple years ago.


It's now Texas, right? Texas which has become an energy superpower in its own right for oil, for gas and also for solar and wind, right? And I I also think That, both administrations would be moving faster. To permit nuclear. So for the United States, it is really an all of above, all the above policy, which by the way is also China's policy. The only thing is That, China's 20 years ahead of the United States, China's been investing at scale for a long time in wind and solar and geothermal and nuclear and electric vehicles and batteries and supply chain all over the world while the Americans have been ignoring it.


And so now the Chinese have world leaders at scale in all the global renewable energy. And the Americans aren't there yet, but Americans recognize that's the policy they need. So you're gonna have two superpowers of energy, the United States, the superpower of carbon energy trying To transition and increasingly transitioning. And you're gonna have the Chinese, the superpowers of post carbon energy, right? And the rest of the world saying What the hell are You gonna Odoo for oos as the climate is getting warmer and we're not capable of paying for it. And we think the gap between the OOS and China and the global south is gonna grow on this issue because What, the American solution is, is Well just invest in new technology, make It cheap enough, That, eventually these countries are gonna be able To take advantage of it.


That's great. But What they want are reparations because the Americans are the ones and the Chinese are responsible for getting oos To where we are the Europeans. And these countries won't be able To emit carbon in the atmosphere the way we have. And and yet they're gonna be feel facing all the costs of, of the the lack of biodiversity of the, of the lack of ability to produce effective agriculture. All the rest. And the hope, the hope, and you see for example Eric Schmidt talking about this in the last few weeks, is that you're gonna make bigger AI bets that will allow these countries to meet their sustainable development goals and allow these countries to deal with climate change.


That's a great bet. But it is an unproven bet as of now I'm a believer, but my God we have to get lucky to not have this be far, far more devastating for people all over the world. Either candidate taking the idea of reparations. Seriously, is that really being talked through, talked about? No, In fact even a OC when she was talking about a green New Deal, she wasn't talking about a Green Marshall plan, it was American exceptionalism, right? I mean, you know, the funny thing about American policy is that you know, you go from left to right and the entire political spectrum is still pretty narrow from a global perspective, right? Right. That that is something that I think people, people in the United States need to be more aware of.


Alright? So there are so many other things that we should, should and could talk about, but we have limited time. So I'm gonna chuck very large topics at you and ask you to very pithily define exactly where we're and what we need to think about immigration. You mentioned it earlier, it's been a huge issue for both candidates, but who's thinking smartly about this and what should we look for? You're seeing more alignment between Harris and Trump on immigration, not as fast as you've seen in Europe, but in Europe you're now seeing EU wide efforts to coordinate immigration policy driven by Ursula Lvo Deline aligned with, you know, people as diverse as Schultz and Maloney and Macron.


I mean even Orban who just met with Vander Linein and certainly it was a fairly acrimonious meeting, but you know, ban's point was, you know, when when you look at Hungary's Victor Orban, when you look at, you know, the EU policy on on migration, this is stuff he was talking about years ago. So in the United States you have a lot of, you know, relatively blue cities that have been very, very comfortable talking about being sanctuary cities and being open for lots of illegal immigration, which they are very happy to trumpet when it's a theoretical issue. And then as soon as those immigrants start coming over in large number, because these are not border cities, right?


At least I they, some of 'em are Canadian border cities, they're not, they're not border cities whi which they see as a problem. And then suddenly they realize, wait a second, we we don't, we don't wanna pay for all this, we don't wanna have all these people in our city and, and the they become much more cautious and hard line on illegal immigration. So I, I do think that if Harris were to become president you would see a continuation of a much tougher set of policies That Biden has implemented in the election period. To try To bring immigration numbers down and which frankly are closer To the immigration policies That You saw under Trump I I.


Don't think That, there's an enormous gap. The rhetorical gap is what's much bigger. The willingness of Trump To use immigrant populations, To demonize themes, To say That, they're somehow genetically at fault when they are You know committing violent crimes even though the violent crime rate overall is nowhere close. To What, it was in the nineties and and immigrants are some of the least likely To commit themes because That means they get tossed out of the country as opposed To people, That actually have a legal right To be in the oos. But I mean there's been so much really disturbing language. That we think has increased hatred and, and leads To more violence and hate crimes against illegal immigrants and frequently against immigrants.


That aren't illegal, we think Trump's much more willing. That's a feature of of Trump Vance of the Maga America first ism in part because it's a grievance based more nativist ideology. But the actual policies on immigration are not so radically different. The the big difference in policy implementation That Trump has talked about is wanting To send back some 11 million illegal migrants in the oos. There is absolutely no way He would be able To implement That policy. The infrastructure doesn't exist, it would not be created but I would say That, even if He did 10% of it, which is plausible, the inflationary impact That would have on labor in the United States would be significant.


And we think That the market participants That are looking at the difference between Harris and Trump are looking at tariffs but they're also looking specifically at labor rates and immigration. Hmm, that's interesting. I mean inflation has also been a huge topic of conversation, but I don't know That people are necessarily connecting immigration and inflationary rates. What else should people be thinking about in terms of the economy from these two candidates. The fact That, the great deficit hawks are near extinction. That either Trump or Harris would be strongly expansionary in terms of fiscal spend.


There would be slightly different focus. we think That Trump would look To extend the entire tax cut package. That would be coming To a a conclusion it was You know put In his temporary kicking the can To somebody else and if That can is kicked To the same person, he's gonna expand it all we think He would, so He wouldn't get as much money in and He would also try To reduce corporate tax rates. Further the intention would be To juice growth. But the I I don't think That That would would meet the the expenditure and especially in a still comparatively slightly higher interest rate environment where you're doing a lot more debt servicing as a part of your budget.


And also we think Trump would lean more heavily into higher spending in defense Kamala Harris, her policies would be less growth oriented for the private sector, though she is trying To lean into small and medium enterprises and entrepreneurship. Again, something That You would see You know gr green shoots of That are useful long term. But You wouldn't see That benefit for the four years of her presidency. She would certainly increase tax rates on the wealthy and probably the corporate, the baseline corporate tax rate. So That would bring more money in, but the significant expansion of social programs would more than make up for That. And so both of these presidents would be significantly expansionary on the fiscal side.


I don't think it would affect the interest in the strength of the dollar globally. we think that's a much longer term issue, especially given how weak the comparative other stores of value in economies are around the world. Japan, the Eurozone China, which isn't convertible but but certainly this is a very big can That is being kicked and when You talk about oos politics frequently, that's What you're talking about. You're talking about short-term tactical refusal. To accept long-term strategic challenges. The climate change challenge is the biggest example of That. But the fiscal challenge is a is a certain second. So many cans, so little time.


Okay, here's a really great question That, we had in from one of our lovely TED members. What can be done about the pandemic of misinformation making a mockery of informed voting. We think as long as we have algorithms, That are driving the information That we get and That are being driven by a profit motive as opposed To, a civic motive, a community motive or just a, an accuracy and information motive. All of those things would be very different. You're gonna have this become a much bigger problem. I remember when weathermen and women weren't objects of politicization, That is no longer true.


It there's weather control apparently from from God knows who, from themes they're doing weather control. It You know H Hurricanes Odoo not differentiate between Trump voters and Harris voters and You desperately need To. Listen To, the scientists on You know What is likely to come from an imminent massive storm and tornadoes and storm surge and You know more people are dead today because of That disinformation. So. if you think That, this is unprecedented and bad when we talk about a hurricane and nevermind when We talk about a pandemic, then What Odoo You think is gonna happen with our democracy.


So we think there are a lot of things That can be done. One of themes is That bots Odoo not have free speech. They don't have the right of free speech. I'm a big advocate of free speech. we think it's an important thing We have in our country. It applies To human beings. So we think That human beings, at least in America and I understand there are problems in more repressive societies. And for now the Oos is not such a society though there are trends should be verified. In other words, You have To be a real human being. To be able To exist on a social media platform as a human being. To be verified. To be promoted algorithmically. And if you're not I mean there's a place for AI related content.


But That content, It needs To be not verified and It cannot be promoted algorithmically. It has To be promoted by a human being who knows it's AI driven content. we think That would make a difference. I also think That. We need more responsibility for civic relations and democracy from our corporate leadership. We just Odoo and I. we think That, we have seen an unfortunate You know lionization of a whole class of people. That are making an incredible amount of money. They're the richest people in the world and they show zero concern for the wellbeing of their fellow citizens.


And, and That That has To change. more people have To lead by example. But we are going, To need more regulation as Well. That helps ensure That. If a business model is actively eroding democracy, That, they have To pay for the cons, the cost of That. They have To be responsible for the negative externalities. You and I talked about climate change. It's fairly clear. That, if you're a company That, You know sort of emits pollution. You should have To pay for That pollution because If, you don't, the animals will pay, the kids will pay. You know the, the society will pay. Someone always pays. and what we're That is equally true when we talk about disinformation.


If there are costs, To a platform. That is a platform has every right To make money. But if there are direct costs, To society, That are measurable. That come from the existence and the furtherance of That product. Those are costs. That also have To be born by That corporation. And we have not yet been willing To have That conversation. Reparations are one thing. I mean You. Know the idea. That You have To pay for the countries That you've already been on. But I'm talking about like things That are happening right now. Companies That are making money right now. That are making benefits. That are actively not paying for costs on the back of our citizens and our young people.


That is not acceptable and That has To change. Well said Ian Bremmer What are the chances. And this is a horrible question, but I have To ask it. What Odoo You think are the chances, That, we're gonna experience violence after the election. Well violence, sure I mean we've experienced violence every day in this country. So I. Don't think You mean That. I, I'm not sure You mean January 6th type violence because we think that's very unlikely. we think Washington DC will be locked down. It's the same thing. That like You know You You You You had To take your shoes off. Why? Because someone You know was a shoe bomber on a, on a plane. So damned if you're gonna put themes in your shoes going forward, right? I mean We. Make sure That We can't Odoo the same thing a second time.


But I I Odoo think there's gonna be violence. Look, You haven't asked me about two assassination attempts on former President Trump, at least one of which was incredibly close from happening. I mean if this kid had been at all remotely capable as a shooter, Trump's dead and I we think That Trump supporters who believe That, they have tried To impeach and convict him twice for crimes He didn't commit. Then they're trying To throw him in jail for crimes He didn't commit and we're gonna vote for him anyway. And then they try To kill him. And they killed him.


They killed him. we think they Odoo not accept That and I. we think That That would've led To serious riots across the country. Violent riots with people with guns and I. Not just citizens but we think also Trump supporters in the military. You know recruits, You know enlisted men and women. we think Trump supporters in police forces. we think this would've been certainly far more violent than anything we would've seen since the Vietnam days. And maybe worse than That. And, and so, and no one asked me about It. It's been in the last several weeks, I don't think I've gotten one question from anyone. From an a, a meeting with a leader during the UN general assembly week.


All the leaders I met with or in a media interview or speech, nothing. And, and yet We were this close To That and and so I Odoo think That We are You know kind of normalizing this process. Even though this process is anything but normal. There will be districts That don't certify the winner of the election because the elected officials don't like the outcome. There will be massive numbers of court cases. we think there will be intimidation in certain areas that'll try To stop certain people from voting. And we think That, after the vote is done, there will be huge numbers of people. That don't believe That. It's true. That believe it's rigged.


And that's a dangerous place. To be. So I'm not That worried about the weeks running up To the election the next four. I'm very worried about the days and weeks after the election. I'm not talking about a civil war, I'm not talking about the oos becoming a dictatorship, but I. But I am talking about a period of profound unrest. That, That. People alive in the s right now aren't really, they're not prepared for and they're certainly not used. To That is a very miserable note on which To end but end we must so I suppose the conclusion is That We should all go vote. I'm just gonna share That, this is the first election That I will be voting in as an American citizen.


I'm really very excited and I'm very excited. That I get To Talks Odoo You on these occasions. Ian, thank You so much for your wisdom and for your insight. Thank You To all the TED members for being here and we will see You again soon. Thank You Helen.


This episode is brought To You by Progressive Insurance. You chose To. Hit play on this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto. Quote Explorer To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states for situations. Prices vary based on how You buy.


Does your AI model really know code? Its specific syntax, its structure, its logic. IBM's granite code models Odoo. They're purpose built for code and trained on 116 different programming languages. To help You generate, translate and explain code quickly. 'cause the more your AI model knows about code, the more it can help You Odoo get started now at IBM dot com slash granite IBM. Let's create


That was TED explains the world with Ian, Bremmer If. you are curious about Ted's curation. You can find out more at TED dot com slash curation. Guidelines Thanks for letting me join this week's episode. Bye for now.


Support for this podcast comes from Odoo. Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs To run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software. That can handle everything For a fraction of the price, sign up today at Odoo Odoo com. That's Odoo Odoo com PR.