
Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, Void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers with LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Raise your hand If you want your nails to look perfect all the time. Me too. I'm Sarah Gibson Tuttle from Olive in June. And this is exactly why we created the Manny system. We wanted to make it possible for everyone everywhere to give themselves a beautiful manicure at home with our tools and our long lasting polish. Each manicure with our Manny system comes out to just $2. That's right, $2 no more. 30, 40, $50 Manny's that you get at a salon and they take hours. Now, you can paint your nails on your time and love them more than ever. And by the way, when people ask who did your nails, where did you get them done, you're gonna proudly say, I did them myself. Get 20% off your first Manny system with code Perfect. Manny 20 at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20. That's code perfect. Manny, 20 for 20% off at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please, for the love of everything, goodness world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month for required intro rate. First three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Communication advocate. Adam Munder is deaf. So his experience of the world and even this very TED Talk is aided by interpreters. There's a scarcity, however of interpreters everywhere, and it limits communication options for the deaf and hard of hearing. In his 2024 talk, he introduces one promising AI tool promising that can not only help us better communicate, but better connect to Adam gave the talk in American Sign Language. The voice you're hearing is his interpreter, Chris Hansen. They are coming up.


Adam, wait, they need an interpreter now. I'm ready. Go ahead. Oh, you guys need an interpreter. Thank you for briefly experiencing what it's like for me and millions of other deaf people worldwide when we don't have an interpreter and we need to order a coffee check into a hotel or complete other daily tasks. What I was trying to share with you was a, a frustrating experience that my wife and I recently had. My wife is also deaf, and we took our daughter to a doctor's appointment. When we arrived, I'd asked for either an onsite or a virtual interpreter.


Unfortunately, they told me neither were available, so I had to write back and forth with the receptionist at the front desk. To make matters worse, when the doctor came into the room, he said, oh, it's all right. We'll just have your daughter interpret for you. So could you imagine going to the doctor's appointment and being told by the doctor that your 7-year-old is gonna relay the information to you? This was just one example of the two different worlds that I navigate in my personal life. I raise my kids. I manage rental properties, I flip buildings, and I'm working on a coffee roastery.


In this world, I interact with hearing individuals every day, teachers, lawyers, real estate agents, contractors. Yet still To this day, I have to rely on a smartphone to text back and forth or write with paper and pen to the people I interact with. Then I have the professional world where I've succeeded. In part due to having two highly qualified interpreters. I have the same degrees, the same educational background, the same job responsibilities as my hearing peers. I solve the same engineering problems and a very competitive, fast-paced environment, but the playing field isn't level.


And all of my daily collaborations, all of my meetings and presentations, everything hinges on my interpreters. I am very fortunate, though my employer ensures that I have access to the same information that my hearing coop colleagues do. Unfortunately, this is not true For many deaths throughout the world. Interpreters are very expensive and scarce. Where I live in Arizona, there are more than 1.1 million individuals with a hearing loss and only about 400 licensed interpreters.


So there's scarcity of tools available for us, and our communication options are very limited. This puts us in a survival mode, forcing us to use the resources that are at our disposal. Writing back and forth on paper and pen or using a smartphone to text is non equivalent to American Sign Language. The details and nuance that make us human are both are lost in both our personal and business conversations. So we're bringing the humanity back to these conversations. I've done that by building a platform called Omni Bridge. So my team has established this bridge between the deaf world and the hearing world, bringing these worlds together without forcing one to adapt to the other.


So we're using the power of AI to analyze thousands of signs in a SL and translate them into English. Now, thousands may seem small, but a SL is very complex with slight nuance and changes in body language, it can change the meaning of a sign. Today with the advancement in compute on A I PCs, we're able to run our models locally without relying on the internet, which dramatically increases accessibility. With this, there's much less confusion and frustration. So we're changing the world through the power of ai, not just revolutionizing technology, but enhancing that human connection.


My team is focused on using the AI PC and the power of AI to humanize and include to really truly level the playing field. It's two languages signed and spoken, and one seamless conversation. Thank you. That was Adam Munder at TED Next 2024. This talk was Made in partnership with Intel. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective.


This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


This is Paige, the co-host of a giggly squad. If you're planning a weekend getaway or trying to escape the cold weather here in New York, then check out Banana Republic's getaway edit. They basically curated a packing list for you with effortless looks and premium linen pieces that do it all and fit in a carry on. So take a trip to Banana Republic and check out their latest drop.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That hiring partner is LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED Pod to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with the qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms. Another fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, LLC member cpic E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.