
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh entrepreneur. Jay Bailey says So many ideas are never seeing the light of day because of a problem of belonging. In his 2023 talk, he shares his journey to entrepreneurship that started when he was just 11 years old and explains how it became a catalyst for black owned businesses across the United States. It's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit.


And now our TED talk of the day. I've got this new definition of hell that I'm still testing out. My theory is this, that when we leave this earth, the vast majority of us are actually gonna take the elevator up. But when we get there, whatever God we believe in is literally going to show us every single thing that was possible in our lives while on Earth had we only believed. See, our biggest regrets are never rooted in our actions or the things that we did do.


It's in our inactions, the things that we did not do or even try. And it's usually because we didn't believe we could. I'm not good enough. I'm not smart enough, I'm not rich enough. I I didn't have time. Beliefs are generally formed by two things, either or Experiences are environment, our inference inferences or our own deductions, or by accepting what other people tell us to be true. And most of our core beliefs are formed when we're children. Now, I was a horrible student.


I was branded gifted in kindergarten. I was a really smart kid, but I hated school. But I was always enterprising. I was the kid y'all that used to make popsicles in the ice tray and and sell 'em for a dime in my driveway. I was so cold with it y'all that I used to charge people 50 cents to fight in my backyard so they wouldn't get in trouble getting fighting in the front yard. And that is a true story. That is a true story. I love the transaction. And I was riding my bike to the barbershop one day and I'll never forget this day, I was 11 years old riding my bike to the barbershop. And and you gotta understand, when I grew up in the eighties, you could have put a Bentley next to a Ferrari and I would've taken a Ford Mustang GT 5.0 every day of the week.


So as I pull up to the barbershop on my bike, I'm frozen in my tracks. I'm talking deer in headlights. Why? Because oh my God, there it was a black on, black on black convertible Mustang GT 5.0 parked illegally in front of the barbershop. And I lost my mind. I ran into the barbershop and screamed, I'm 11, whose car is that? And so I see my barber in the corner of my eye just chilling in the cut. Just then he gave me the nod.


That's the universal soul brother symbol for, that's me. And so because of my environment, my examples, my inferences, my deductions, there was only one thing that he could have possibly done to afford that car. And because it was so normalized in my community, I didn't think anything of it. So when I got In, his chair, as a matter of fact, as I'm asking about the weather, I asked him, I said, John, I didn't know you were a dope boy. Click turned off the clippers screamed at me, shut the F up and turn around and count how many chairs you see In his shop. I said, I don't know, 10.


He said, well, each one of these barbers pays me $50 a week to cut hair in my shop. Jay, you're smart. Do the math. So little Jay Bailey started tabulated and he stopped me. He said, you gotta realize I got two more shops just like this. Finish the math. So now things got interesting. Remember, this is the early eighties and I'm an 11-year-old kid and I had never seen zeros like this. I was like 0, 0, 0, comma zero. And then he said it. He said, I am an entrepreneur. I own this business and I own those other two shops.


And what you need to do is go find you something you love and go make money doing it. Two very powerful things happened in that one moment. For the first time in my life, I had ever heard the word entrepreneur. And it's what I had always been, but I didn't have a name for it. And so literally, once I started to understand what entrepreneur really meant, my life started to make sense and I had direction. And the second thing was that nobody had ever explained to me the whole concept of ownership. And those two things fundamentally changed my trajectory. I can't understate or overstate the power of that chance encounter that lit a fire in the belly of an 11-year-old kid that became a 12-year-old business owner who now stands before you leading the largest center in the world dedicated to growing, scaling and developing black businesses, Touching thousands of entrepreneurs.


Wow. And so for what we did there and for now touching thousands of entrepreneurs, I knew that we lose GDP every year because the brilliant ideas that reside on the south side of the tracks of of every city in America never reached the marketplace. 'cause they don't believe they belong. And I'm also a firm believer that the only difference between that north side of the tracks and that south side of the tracks is access, opportunity and exposure. And that's it. You want to talk about innovation? Show me somebody on the planet more innovative than a single mother with two kids making $17,000 a year the way she thinks, the way she problem solves her grit, her determination, her resilience.


How is she able to smile and still spread joy to her kids at Christmas when there are no gifts under the tree and there is literally no food in the pantry, but somehow she still makes it work. How does she do it? In this example, she feels like a warrior, but what does she believe when she stares in the mirror? And now back to the episode, Drug dealers. I don't condone them. I don't celebrate them, but I did grow up around them and I got tons of my friends that are twice as smart, twice as sharp, 10 times as charismatic as me.


But they made different decisions and choices in life and they came with severe outcomes. But I'm still enamored by them. Why? 'cause we can go to any hood in America and find me the biggest, baddest, dope boy on any block. And y'all are gonna have to convince me that that kid doesn't understand. Import, export, wholesale, retail, supply demand, customer retention, customer support, Woo, Loss prevention, All with a gun to his head and the cops and his competition, literally trying to eviscerate him from the equation every single day.


What if that kid had different experiences, different exposure, different income inputs, better role models? If he did, he run circles around everybody? What was whispered In, his ear that he believed? And what were the environments that he was placed in where he felt like he belonged? That's the power of what we are trying to do with the Russell Center. Because when I started to think about an opportunity to create this safe space where literally I started to tap into the most powerful examples of economic mobility in our community's history, Motown and historically black colleges and universities, our HBCUs, We wanted to be disruptive to the typical incubator accelerator model.


'cause statistically they just haven't worked at scale for black entrepreneurs. And the thing about Motown and HBCUs, the beautiful similarity is that you were surrounded by black brilliance every single day. Your ideas mattered. You saw value in your own reflection. Literally you understood greatness at a higher level because you experienced it every moment of every waking minute. And so we got started, and you can read it in my bio, that I have the high honor of leading the HJ Russell Innovation Center for entrepreneurs right here in Atlanta, Georgia, in honor of one of the greatest entrepreneurs this city has ever produced.


Mr. HJ Russell. So when we started to think about HBCUs and Motown and what made them so special, we thought what could make us so special and different? And, and so with our platform, we got started creating this, this space that was rooted in belonging, the undergirded self-esteem, self-confidence and belief that literally looked at looking at the whole entrepreneur and not ignoring the loneliness, the depression, the isolation that goes along with any entrepreneurial journey, but also making wellness just as important as learning about a p and l or a balance sheet In just four years from getting started.


We support now 360 entrepreneurs full time that have created 1500 new jobs in our community. We touch 10,000 annually through our network of partners and our stakeholder companies have generated over $450 million of new economic value in our community. We created the space where our ideas mattered, and we had the freedom to believe we created the space where we knew without a shadow of a doubt we belonged.


And we're just getting started. I'll close with this If, you are black, brown, or a woman without ever having a single conversation with you individually. I can assume this to be true, that If, you are black, brown, or a woman in some way, shape or form. You have heard the speech that you gotta be twice as sharp, three times as smart, five times as perfect just to sometimes compete with mediocre. And so every day we put on the mask, every day we put on this heavy suit of armor to protect ourselves.


And it Gets so Heavy, never being able to show up as your true, authentic self. Never being able to take off that mask or take off that armor. And the world suffers because of it. Because the world never gets to meet the real you, the authentic you, the you that is brilliant, the you that is full of ideas, the you that is powerful, that gets hidden every single day. So I'm asking each of you and finding this place, the you that gets hidden every single day, the powerful you that never gets seen.


Because guess what? There is a beautiful you that maybe even your best you, that you've never even met yourself. When we started this journey, there were no seats for us in these spaces. So we started to build our own. We had to surround our ourself, ourselves with the people and the places that allowed us to believe. We started to ignore these seeds of doubt and only started to plant seeds that would grow. Si trees who shade. You may never sit under owning your space, believing in you, your best self, and introducing yourself to your best self. Because literally, the world suffers every day.


It does not have your full self in it, the best you, the real you. And we can't wait to meet you. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Jay Bailey speaking at TED Women in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner. Daniella Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.