
Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results terms and conditions apply.


Worried about what ingredients are hiding in your groceries. Let us take the guesswork out. We Thrive Market the online grocery store with the highest quality standards in the industry. We restrict 1000 plus ingredients so you can trust that you'll only find the best high quality, organic and sustainable brands all free of the junk. With savings up to 30% off and fast carbon neutral shipping, you get top trusted groceries at your door and you can stop worrying about what your kids get their hands on. Start shopping at Thrive Market dot com slash podcast for 30% off your first order and a free gift.


Better Help Online Therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now wherever you are, to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders, take a deep breath in and out. Feels better, right? That's 15 seconds of self-care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I am not the regular host, Elise Hugh. I am Chris Duffy, host of another show in the TED Audio Collective that's called How to Be a Better Human. Now, you might be wondering what I'm doing here and why I'm hosting today, and that is because today's TED Talk on TED Talks Daily is from Elise Hugh herself. I am a long time fan of Elise's work and even better, I get to call myself a friend, but even if I didn't know Elise, I would be so excited for you to hear this talk because it's about the ways that technology changes how we see ourselves. That's a question that Elise has been investigating for years now, both in her reporting and in her book Flawless Lessons and Looks and culture from the K Beauty capital.


What does it mean when we so often see ourselves through the lens of our phones or computers? What if the way that we look in the real world somehow feels less real or doesn't live up to the image that we have of ourselves in our digital life? Those are big questions and they're questions that Elise has made me think about in completely new ways. Here's her talk. Earlier this year I was in Taipei, Taiwan where I decided I wanted to make a TikTok about cup noodle only. This brilliant TikTok never happened because of the shock I got when I opened up the app and flipped it into selfie mode. The face looking back at me was a face, but not exactly my face. A whole array of beauty filters had automatically worked me over and I could not turn them off.


There was so much going on here, skin smoothing, skin lightening teeth whitening, nose narrowing, bigger eyes, and it gave me a thinner, softer jawline. This was a whole lot of non-consensual filtering or what someone joked was forced catfishing. And for me it's the perfect example of something called the technological gaze at work. What is it? Well, women have had to play to the male gaze forever. You know what that is. But the technological gaze describes an algorithmically driven perspective that we learn to internalize, perform for, and optimize for, and then by taking in all our data, the machines learn to perform us in an endless feedback loop. We learn it so young an estimated 80% of 13-year-old girls in America have already used filters or some kind of editing to alter their appearance online.


And these days the filters are hyper realistic because they tend to be AI generated. They come with a suite of characteristics teaching us how to look, things like arched eyebrows or higher cheekbones or plump lips. What then happens is we see the gap between the way we look in the mirror and the way we look in these filters and the digital world begins to dictate real world beauty standards. We've seen it in celebrity culture, and I know this 'cause I saw it when I lived in work in Seoul, South Korea as the NPR Bureau chief there nearly 10 years ago. Seoul is all about optimizing your face and your body. If you want your vagina rejuvenated, your skull reshaped, any part of your body lifted or enhanced, have at it. It's the cosmetic surgery capital of the world.


Nearly half of all Korean women have already undergone some kind of plastic surgery by the time they're in their twenties. No other place comes close these days. Trap to is really popular. That's injecting Botox into the base of your neck. The trapezius muscles to give the appearance of a longer neck. Calves are being injected with Botox for the same reason. Having a slimmer jawline is so desirable that a soul plastic surgery clinic once displayed the human bones of jaws. It had shaved down in a glass vase in its lobby. This has since been removed, but this kind of body augmentation work isn't just accepted. It is expected because insole looks matter so much for your professional and personal advancement.


Headshots are required on resumes. Hiring bosses made character judgements based on your faith. You were often bullied If you were bald or big. Trying to look better is framed as a route to economic security and a matter of personal responsibility, but Korea just shows us a more concentrated and extreme example of the pretty privilege that exists everywhere. Look at fat phobia in the United States helping drive off the charts, off-label use of ozempic not for diabetes but for weight loss. It makes sense when we are so rewarded for thinness and stigmatized for fatness, and all I'm saying is we should reckon with this because the more narrow our idea of beauty is, the wider the pool of ugly becomes and digital culture is now reshaping our actual faces and bodies under the technological gaze.


I worry that our bodies become projects to be worked on forever, and if we don't slow down this body augmentation arms race that I saw in seo, then the enhancements that were available there only get farther and farther out of reach and not just for women because if we are chasing digital beauty, well then the limit does not exist. AI's idea of attractiveness is only increasingly inhuman and Cy Borgian, I don't want this. I don't want my daughters coming up in a world in which their looks are the most important things about them. It is incredibly marginalizing to everybody who can't fit in and exhausting for everyone who can because you are constantly having to make or pay for interventions in order to keep up.


So what do we do? Filters aren't going anywhere, but we can challenge what the system is optimized for by changing what it means to be beautiful just as the solution to homophobia isn't to make everyone straight and the solution to racism isn't to make everyone white. The solution to look is and fat phobia isn't to make everyone interchangeably skinny and conventionally pretty. In fact, it's the opposite. It's to celebrate diversity and the differences that make us who we are that are inherent to the human condition and ultimately we have to disrupt a system that reduces our worthiness to our looks even though my face is rounder and probably darker than an algorithm would like. I have come here tonight wearing my actual face and my hope for all of you is that you feel comfortable and will continue to feel comfortable doing the same because I see a wide variety of jaw lines out here tonight and let me just say they are all worthy.


Thank you. That was Elise Hugh at TED Next 2024 and that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniela Ball Rezo. I'm Chris Duffy and Elise will be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7, so when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod to post your job for free. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


This podcast is brought to you by wise, the app for doing things in other currencies. Sending or spending money abroad. Hidden fees may be taking a cut. That's why you should use wise, get the currency you need where you need it for less. Tap to pay in. Pesos and Cancun, easily move pounds to London from paying overseas bills to sending money to family back home. You have up to 40 currencies in the palm of your hand wise always gives you the real exchange rate like the one you usually see on Google, which means you'll spend less on fees and more of your money gets where you need it to be. Join millions of customers managing their money with Wise. Download the Wise app today or visit wise.com. Terms and conditions apply.