
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. It is impossible to ignore that we are in a time of crises going on all over the world, so it's all the more important to try and understand what else we can do to prevent conflict. It's the work of conflict resolution expert Gabrielle Rifkind who addresses what to do to make peace real. This essential talk coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hello freshs.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit


and now our TED talk of the day. I have worked in international conflict resolution for the past two decades. I'm not a pacifist, but in the end, war is the greatest human rights abuse and does not make the world safer. we think we go to war for good moral reasons. We are fighting for good to triumph over evil. Instead, we unleash a cascade of chaos and misery. In the 21st century, the United States, along with its allies and my country, the United Kingdom, have been involved in four major wars, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Islamic State, and we have provided funding and supplied military equipment to Ukraine and Israel.


So let's consider the outcome of some of these wars. The Afghan war was a 20 year war and we left the Taliban in power, the war in Iraq. We had an immediate military victory, which was short-lived civil war and contributed to the war in Syria. The war in Libya unleashed chaos and violence in the Sahel region. The war against Islamic state weakened it militarily, but none of the root causes were dealt with. All of you. No war is horrendous, but maybe many of you believe that it is inevitable.


I would like to persuade you today that there are many things that we can do. Even if we commit to arming countries militarily like porcupine, we can commit ourselves to war prevention, early mediation, and getting into the mind of the enemy. I direct the Oxford process. It's a conflict resolution organization, and what we try and do is create back channels to the political leadership at the highest levels of those who who are in positions and power and can decide the future of the outcome of the war.


I come from a group psychoanalytic background, but I'm passionately committed to putting together the human mind and geopolitics its power, relationships, and what does and doesn't lead to war. We know marginalization, humiliation, and exclusion are some of the key drivers of war. We also know that war dehumanizes people, some of the conflicts I've worked on are the Palestine, Israel, the Iranian nuclear issue, and now the Russia, Ukraine War.


So what can we do to prevent war? We need to address the security concerns of all sides, not just our own security. Russia invaded Crimea in 2014 and then all of Ukraine in 2022. It was morally justified for us to support a country whose sovereignty had been breached, but now hundreds of thousands of people are dead and wounded, and we do have to ask, what else could we have done?


President Putin warned that if NATO edged up on the Russian border war would be the result. In 2008, president Bush stated Ukraine would join nato, Germany and France pushed back as they knew it would pre create a new crisis between Russia and the West. Would the US have tolerated a hostile military presence on its border in Mexico and Canada? We might have avoided this war if we'd address the security concerns both of Russia and Europe and established a common European security architecture before the war, and it will need to happen afterwards.


Western governments could have played more of a mediating role supporting Ukraine to be a bridge between east and west, not just encouraging Ukraine into our zone of interest. Ukraine has difficult geography. It will always need to find a way to co-exist with its Russian neighbor. What else could we do? We need to come off our moral pedestal and stop deciding what is good and evil. We need to Talks Odoo the bad guys, the men of violence. If we are to end war, we understood we had to Talks Odoo the IRA in Northern Ireland, far in Columbia and Etta in the BA country.


But usually we want to speak to the good guys, the people like us. The people in gray suits back in 2001 after the Afghan war, and as part of the bond peace process, if we had brought the Taliban in when they were weaker, things may have looked different. Western governments, including the US and the uk, refused to Talks Odoo President Assad. They said it was talking to evil. By not talking to him, we created a greater evil.


As thousands and thousands more people died. And now back to the episode. Today, many of you will have the Ukraine, Russia war, and Hamas Israel on your minds and what can be done. This is the work Oxford process does quietly behind the scenes to explore whether opportunities to end war, but it requires the blessings of Western governments and they often don't have an exit plan. To end the war in Ukraine, we will need to Talks Odoo President Putin.


We will need to understand his red lines, what his end game is, what opportunities that are for ceasefire after the heinous massacre of seven 11. Engaging with Hamas is unthinkable to many Israelis. Following the terrible carnage in Gaza, Hamas has even more support and will need to be included in some kind of future process. Now both sides have dehumanized each other. One way through is the release of maam uti, a Palestinian leader who has spent the last two decades in Israeli prison.


He supports a future Palestinian states sitting side by side with Israel, and he has the leadership qualities to unite the Palestinian people, which will be essential for some. He's the new Mandela. For others, he has blood on his hands in war, everybody has blood on their hands. The Americans are now talking about two state solution, which would involve normalization between Saudi Arabia and Israel.


And yet again, we cannot just speak to our friends and exclude our enemies. And Iran and its allies will only sabotage the process. Each one of you here today wants to make a difference, but we can feel small and impotent in the face of war. But how we behave individually is a microcosm of how we behave in war. None of us like to engage with people who think differently to us. We all divide the world into good and evil people.


We want to Talks Odoo and people. We don't, but we need to engage with everybody and understand the radical differences that exist between us and we need to start today. What else can we do? We need to act early and put in place early mediating processes. In some walls, there's an opportunity for mediation. When the parties are on the precipice and they're more open to compromise, then there's a second opportunity. When they've tested their battlefield strength and realize they have not achieved their original objectives, when these opportunities are missed, the parties become hardened by the horrors and trauma of war.


They believe they have sacrificed too much to compromise and make peace. So what can we do to make these ideas real? Today, the UN is a weakened institution and many have lost faith in it. But if we are to be serious about peacemaking, we will need to strengthen it again. One way through is to empower the UN to have statutory early mediation when countries are on the edge of tipping to war, and then three months later when they've tested their battlefield strengths.


The UN would also appoint permanent war prevention teams embedded in the countries at risk of going to war, high level mediators and permanent peace tables. We would establish them in such areas as Sudan, Pakistan, India, Taiwan, China, Palestine, Israel, the us, China. We would be committed to prevention and early intervention. So in conclusion, liberal democracy should see themselves first and foremost as mediators and bridge builders and help countries manage their radical differences, not the world's self-appointed policemen or supplier of weapons.


Instead of providing drones and missiles, we could contribute more resources and expertise to mediation and peacemaking. We would put all our passions and pragmatism into avoiding war. War is like a cancer. It spreads quickly. Once it's progressed far enough, nobody knows how to stop it, treat it quickly, even prevent it. Millions of lives can be saved. We behave as if war is inevitable. It is not.


Thank you, my friends.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bella sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Gabrielle Rifkind speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner. Daniella Rezo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.