
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Doris. Sung says Buildings can do more than benefit the people on the inside. In her 2024 talk, the architect points out how the public facing outsides of buildings could actually do public good. The way facades could reduce air and noise pollution and more are coming up after the


break. Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks Daily is sponsored by A-D-T-A-D-T knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on adt, visit adt.com today.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual life insurance company, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


And now our TED talk of the day. So have you ever walked in front of a glass facade and see yourself in the reflection and try to check yourself out? Oh wait, wait, I forgot. The glass facade is there not for you, but it's for the people on the inside to get a great view out. And they're probably looking at you picking the spinach from your teeth. Have you ever walked in a city, come upon a very large commercial building and in the very hot heat of the summer, the doors fly open. You feel that air conditioning air come out and blast you and you just sit there and wallow in that cool air? Oh wait, I forgot that cool air is for the people on the inside.


It's a private building. They won't even let you in to use a bathroom. Have you ever wonder why cities get hotter and hotter every year? Oh wait, I forgot. In order to cool these buildings, the air conditioning systems have to give off air in a minute. It to the atmosphere, making it hotter and hotter area every year, contributing to the heat island effect. So I'm an architect, a building tech innovator, and a 10,000 step a day pedestrian. And I want to talk about how buildings can only benefit the people on the inside, but they can actually improve life for those on the outside.


So there's If. you go back into history, things were different right? In the cave. Humans had to only worry about the interior. The outside facade was designed by nature. Once leaving the cave, humans then started to stack rocks to make shelter. And in doing so, inadvertently made some of the earliest facades From there, cultural, refined building construction techniques refined. They discovered that the outside facade that's very public facing can actually tell stories and narratives. It could be used for public service. So they can tell stories about the family, the histories, the conquest, the wealth, the sta, all these types of things appeared on facade and facades became a thing.


So fast forward, we have new technologies, new materials, we're able to thin out the building so it's transparent, the facade itself. But the problem is glass was a very poor insulator. And that glass then could let the heat in, the cool in, and we had to develop big air conditioning systems, heating systems to make the interiors even tolerable to stay in. and more recently, we wanna keep that transparency. We want the glass, the view. But in order to do that and make the systems efficient, we had to expand that facade system again. So it's highly engineered now to keep out the heat, the cold, the moisture and glare.


So all these systems, in order to make it happen, even have four panes of glass to do it. It's comfortable, it works. But what do we do next? So I would like to propose that that thickness of the facade still be used to make people on the inside comfortable. But can we think about the outside portion of the facade benefiting people on the outside? Can we actually think about those thousands of square feet of surface area? No, millions of square feet of surface area inside the city and use it for the public. Can we use it for infrastructure and for public good. So I'm gonna show you a few technologies of other people that do that. We can make habitats for animals.


Ecosystems like these for bees, birds, bats, all kinds of animals are even important to cities. This is a habitat for microorganisms. They're invisible, but they're essential to our livelihood. Just like the microbiomes inside your gut, think about the probiotic and qualities of it. The same thing happens, has to happen to cities. Water is an important resource. And so in this system, it not only collects water, but it also can purify it as well as store it in a hyper localized way. So that places where water security is an issue starts to eliminate and reduce. Think about areas that have drought.


And we can also modulate the surfaces, perforate the different types of materials in order to reduce the amount of noise pollution in streets. So think about garbage trucks, sirens, honking hoards, that type of stuff can actually diminish with new technologies. And now back to the episode. In my own work, I look at architecture as something that can contribute positively to sustainability, to equity and to wellness. I'm gonna show you two technologies at different levels of development that I use and apply to public health issues.


So the first one is a smog eating panel for architecture. And in this case, it actually starts to filter particulate matter and noxious waste in cities in urban canyon areas. So an urban canyon is when a street is lined by two very tall buildings on both sides, right? Forming a canyon like scenario. And what happens is, in these areas, the air movement is very predictable. It comes from prevailing winds, from thermal convection, from the movement of vehicles in there. And it moves in that circular pattern where it makes it very difficult for the heavy particulate matter to escape.


So it therefore it just keeps going through and accumulates in the bottom over time more and more. So what we're trying to do is modulate the surface so that the surface can allow those prevailing winds to flow into these tubes, to filter that smog and move out as fresh air. We pack the tubes together so that we can maximize the efficacy of it, as well as minimize the material it takes to make it. And we put 'em in such position of, of where that wind flow is actually going. And so that it would have an easy time going into the tubes, cleaning the air, and coming out as fresh air. We also use the thermal convection model where in the case the pavement is heating the air.


That hot air wants to rise up the face of the building. They can go into these tubes also to filter and then send out fresh air. So it's done in a very passive way. And not only do we try to apply this to building facades so that the facades are doing the cleaning, we want to actually design these bus shelters that can use this kind of technology. Bringing the freshest pockets of air to the people who spend the most amount of time on the streets breathing the worst air. Another technology that I'm working on is a self shading window system. Basically what it does is it shades the interior automatically so that you can use less energy on air conditioning.


The idea came from using these thermal al material, which is a material that curls when heated, and we make these very low tech robots that we do for fun in our office. So from there, the idea was that we use this thermal bi metal on the facade of a building so that it actually can react to the outdoor environment. And through the course of a day, through the course of a year, as the temperature changes all the time, the building would also change to follow that. And if we can animate a building, then possibly we can get people to also feel more connected to the building like their pets. And if we do that, we can make people smile more. They can cherish their buildings and they can even feel protective of their cities.


So therefore, the happiness level of the city can go up as well as mental health. So we embrace this idea of putting al in the facade, and we allow these little critters, again, like butterflies to flutter around and flip. So when the heat comes in, these pieces will flip over and respond to any changes outside. What happens too is when they flip, you can still see pretty well through the system. It doesn't block your view so that it turns like into a blackout situation. And then when the sun goes away, they go back to their original position.


So I am, you know what happens too is because it's a pixelated system, we can put graphics on it, it opens us and close whenever it wants to so that you can start to see the graphics. The result is it's, it's it's awe inspiring. It's biophilic and it's magical. And I'm happy to say that it's also safe for birds, right? Birds on the outside. So it's actually a great thing. We're hoping to put this technology onto building as soon as the end of this year. So stay tuned for that. So how can we get a lot of these cool technologies on building? So this is the big question. I have three suggestions. The first one is change policy.


Can we require owners and and contractors and real estate developers to spend a percentage of their construction costs on public centric technologies for facades? Can we do that? Two, think entrepreneurially. Can owners actually rent, lease, sell this, this facade to others for infrastructure? Can it be to agriculture? Can it be to you mean even not-For-profit? You mean situations? Can it be for utility companies? There's a lot of possibilities that can happen.


And three, advocate for change. Renters inside the buildings must start to demand that their building facades are much more magnanimous. Because think about it, everybody in these buildings must come out to the streets too. And together we can actually enjoy the improvements to our society and public health. So next time you go out into a city and you're walking around, look carefully at the buildings. They don't have to be just a pretty face. They can serve a bigger purpose. Thank you.


OMG. Yes is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner. Or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself. At omg yes.com.


Hi, I'm Vo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the bathroom gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watsonx, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem. So designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watsonx helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Doris Sung at the TED Salon Big Bets event in 2024, supported by the Rockefeller Foundation. If, you're curious about Ted's curation. Find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.