
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. When we think about protecting workers from dangerous conditions, I first think of industrial accidents, but these days, especially for farm workers, one of the most dangerous conditions to contend with is extreme heat. Putting the humanity of farmers and farm workers first is at the heart of today's talk from Farmer John s Farms and farm worker advocate, Gerardo Reyes Chavez, how they're keeping farm workers and our food safe is coming up after the break.


But please note that this episode contains some mature language


support for the show. Comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Brooks Running. My friends at Brooks sent me the amazing new ghost sixteens. I don't know about y'all, but having new shoes, especially really lightweight ones that I like, get me out there. It's like enough motivation just to have that soft cushioning. You can take your daily joy ride in. These better than ever go sixteens now with nitrogen infused DNA loft V three cushioning so lightweight, so soft, it'll help you turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Visit Brooks Running dot com to learn more.


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn If. you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be a lot of noise. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it'll just disappear. But with LinkedIn ads, you can be a lot more precise. You can reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant because LinkedIn has targeting capabilities to help you reach folks by job title, industry, company, and more. You can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads right away. I've learned so much about the vastness of LinkedIn because it does seem like everybody is on there. So it's helping me find some leads or think of connections that I wouldn't have otherwise thought of without the technology. It's helping me stay informed and stay educated. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be, and now our TED talk of the day.


Well Herra though and I are here today as a farmer and a farm worker to share with you how we turn decades of conflict into a collaborative partnership and positioned ourselves to meet the challenges of climate. Change her though it's great to be here with you today in this air conditioned auditorium, not our normal workplaces in the fields of South Florida. This place is definitely nice, John, I'm really glad, I'm really glad to be here today, especially because of what we're here to talk about. You know, talking about what we have done to make sure that the fields are safer and more humane for workers.


It's a very important thing to me personally because when we first started our partnership 14 years ago, I was working harvesting watermelons in northern part of the state in Florida near Alabama. And when we were working there, I almost lost my best friend to heat. I remember this as if it happened yesterday. It was the beginning of summer before noon, but temperatures were already on the nineties, so it was hot as hell. As farm workers, we were harvesting watermelons and like we usually do, we were playing back and forward to not think about how hard that work was when suddenly my best friend, someone I consider my brother collapsed in front of me unconscious and on moving except for occasional spasms.


That was very scary for all of us. We tried to call an ambulance. Reception was limited. We tried to call him as much as we could and protect him from the sun with our own shirt. We used water and placed that on top of him, but those were very scary moments. Locally, he came to, once the ambulance arrived, I went with him to the hospital there they said that he had severe dehydration and gave him an iv. We were back with a crew within a few hours and the next day we went back to work.


But the, the fear we all felt that day was all too real, too close and too personal. That's why this conversation is so important to me. Today, I'm proud to work with a coalition of Immo workers or CIW, a farm worker based human rights organization in Immokalee, Florida that protects workers from dangerous and abusive conditions. An organization I joined 25 years ago when I came to the United States to work in the fields for the next decade. We were organizing in a campaign, the campaign for fair food, asking corporations to sign legally binding agreements that eventually led us to this collaboration.


But it wasn't until 2010 when we finally came together, farm workers and farm, following nearly two decades of bitter conflict in a groundbreaking new human rights enforcement program called the Fair Food Program or FFP. In the 14 years since its inception, our program has leveraged the massive market power of 14 of the largest retail food corporations on the world, to empower farm workers to identify problems and report them when they happen to protect workers and give the programs human rights standards real teeth.


The FFP harness this massive market power of buyers and reward growers who respect the workers' rights, the stop buying from farms where workers were being mistreated. With those new market incentives in place, the results were spectacular. Before long, the worst abuses, the stopped all together and the fair food program was called the Best Workplace Environment in America and Agriculture on the front page of the, of the New York Times. Our program, among other things, keeps from workers safe from heat stress where temperatures regularly climb well over 95 degrees.


We're speaking with you today because in 2022 we came up with comprehensive and enforceable standards with a plan for heat stress, illness prevention and response that was added into the FFP to protect workers from that heat. The standards that Washington Post recently called America's Strongest Workplace Heat Rules, but make no mistake, conditions outside the Fair Food Program are still rough. On a good day. Farm labor is hot, backbreaking and dangerous work for too little pay or protection. And on a bad day, workers face outrageous abuses from wage theft and sexual harassment to forced labor and hit stroke.


Why? Because workers are afraid of speaking up because when they speak up, they will be fired or worse. Fear of retaliation has kept many workers from speaking up in the face of gross exploitation and abuse for generations. Farm workers, like all outdoor workers, are the canneries in our collective coal mine. As we face the growing real consequences of climate change. If we are to protect the most vulnerable workers, the most essential workers from the deadly heat and exploitation, we need to change the relationship between workers and their employers.


We know the only way to do that is by collaborating together. And now back to the episode, Brother. I'm always in awe of your story and the distance we've traveled. It's hard to imagine that our first cup of coffee 14 years ago led to this collaboration and this partnership. Two hours of hanging out and we broke through decades of conflict. But it always wasn't easy, was it? It was not easy at all, but I'm really glad we were able to sit at that table and talk when we started these conversations.


Two months of lawyers negotiating an NDA just so we could meet and there lies a problem, an entire culture built up to keep employees and employers apart and us and them attitude that my friend Greg Asad fondly calls our separate foxholes. After that meeting, we boarded the same boat and started rowing together. My path was different than herra, those I grew up working in packing houses and farms as a kid, and then later as a young man. Along the way, I developed a liking for booze and dope, which led me deep into addiction, costing me my career, my family, and very nearly my life.


After several years, I was one of the fortunate and I found recovery in my early sobriety. I did the work required through the steps of Alcoholics Anonymous, and it was that work and those lessons, which opened my eyes to the world and helped me to understand the intentional blindness and deafness that I had been a part of. To be clear, I'm a 61-year-old guy who is once part of the problem, and now I try to be part of the solution. We're all guilty of this blindness, this blindness and this deafness. Anyone in this room asked before you came to the event, whether this was a green building.


No one. That's a question I know I didn't. What's powering these lights and the air conditioning and hearing the facts? Are we willing to do anything about it or do we just need it to work? That's the blindness I'm referring to. You know, one of the best lessons I ever had was hearing that if I'm having a conversation with myself, I'm a very, very bad company. This collaboration herardo keeps me from having those conversations by myself. So thank you for that. In 2010 when we partnered, a lot of folks said we were crazy, and maybe we were, I mean, farmers and farm workers together, coming together to ensure a fair and safe workplace.


That's nuts. Within a few months, the evidence was clear that the program worked and the culture on the farms was changing. I wanna share a quick story about what's this has meant to my farms and operations. In 2017, hurricane Irma hit South Florida, came ripping through destroying communities in its path. Everything, nothing was immune, whether it was fancy hotels on the beach homes, businesses. The day after Irma hit the farm and hit all of South Florida with the businesses reeling and homes destroyed, our workers showed up at the farm the very next day wanting to know what needed to be done.


These are folks who lost their homes. These are folks who didn't know where their next hot meal was gonna come from. Worried about what the farm needed. I need you all to take that in 'cause I'm getting chills right now. With that memory, that was a powerful day for us. We'd had the evidence of this collaboration working, but in that moment it was very clear we were in the boat together and we were rowing together, and that farm was everybody's farm and everybody's livelihood. Within three days, that farm was cleaned up and replanted weeks before power was restored to the general area.


That experience in the face of catastrophe proves the power of partnership to meet and prevail over any challenge. So let's talk about challenges, folks. The world ain't warming, the world is hot. Just a couple of days ago, the General Secretary of the United Nations said, the world is on a highway to climate hell. There's been reports that over the last 12 months, each of the last 12 months was the hottest month on record. Pick any April. This April was the hottest month on record, just as past May in Manatee County where one of my large farms is in central Florida, recorded its hottest month on record.


In the midst of the spring harvest temperatures were regularly above 90 degrees with heat indexes over a hundred. Guess what? Our mandatory 10 minute breaks every two hours. Our buddy system, our supervisor and worker training, our unrestricted access to shade and cold water, our water infused with electrolytes. 'cause guess what folks? The science says electrolytes helps replace what the body needs. Those all worked. We kept people safe and tomatoes got picked. You know, herard though, one of the most gratifying experiences to come from our partnership and the expan is the expansion of the fair food program and the interest in the model that comes from all over the world.


Some of my best days are spent talking to Scottish and Chilean fishermen who visited us with a desire to replicate what we've built for their unique challenges. From tomatoes to flowers to seafood, we've created the basis for real and sustainable change. Partnership and collaboration are the only hope we have if we're gonna survive climate change. So we all better get out of the fucking foxholes and get into the same boat and start rowing. And by the way, we're gonna need a bigger boat. You're absolutely right, John. Although it was a little hard to understand that delegation that came from Scotland, but they were very lovely and we're really excited that this collaboration is ongoing and we're gonna need a a bigger boat, but we are also gonna need more people on that boat with us.


Why? Because the Fair Food program has become the blueprint for a 21st century human rights revolution. This is a new model for human rights enforcement, born in the fields of South Florida, once known as ground zero for modern day slavery. The program is now being adapted to the garment sector in Bangladesh and Le Suto, and it continues to grow in multiple industries across the globe in five continents. So far, our work together is a testament. The change is possible. We dream that transforming conflict into collaboration in other industries.


With this same model, empowering more workers to become the frontline monitors of their own rights just like we did in the fields. Doing that is gonna help us create a more modern, more humane world for millions of workers across the globe. I'm confident that if more people join in this with us, we can transform many realities. And for all of that, for this opportunity, I wanna say thank you. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMGS solo with your partner or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With watsonx, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was John Sfor and Gerardo Reyes Chavez speaking at Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.