
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. You're about to hear the sounds of several different creatures, but from the voice of one single music producer in her 2024 performance slash talk singer, Snow Raven treats us to a spiritual experience, which asks us to pay closer attention and listen to the rich worlds we share with nature. It's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Does your AI model really know code? It's specific syntax. It's structure, it's logic. IBM's granite code models do they're purpose built for code and trained on 116 different programming languages to help you generate, translate, and explain code quickly. 'cause the more your AI model knows about code, the more it can help you do. Get started now at IBM dot com slash granite IBM. Let's create


Shop Dell Technologies's Black Friday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with intel core ultra processors. Black Friday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade, but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.


And now our TED talk of the day. This is the way indigenous Saha people greet one another. This praise has no exact English translation, but it means I greet the universe in your person. My name is S Snow Raven and I'm from the Republic of Kuia. In Arctic Savior area, the most cold, settled place on earth where winter's temperature can drop as low as negative 96 Fahrenheit.


So after six years being away from Kuia, I returned this summer to see my family and also visit our ancestral home. The first thing I did when I arrived was drop into silence and listen. Listening is one of the powerful gifts the universe has given humans to connect with nature.


It is by listening that I have learned how to mimic nature. I listen with my imagination and become an animal that I hear. I move like it moves. I seek what it seeks. I cry with its cry. The for instance, it has night vision. It can see all around him, and it also flies without making a sound.


The Aliyah brown kite sores on a heated air and with joy announces the arrival of the summer. When I hear the loon, I feel its longing for its partner. Alongside its love of the baby carries The crane.


The dance of this beautiful bird is so stunning and divine that saha people believe that the heavy are the eyes who even once witnessed the dance of a crane in a wilderness. The eh, the brown bear. It's so mighty and it terrifies everything all around him while even he eats. But little berries, the reindeers, taba are lords of tundra and they Iran, thousands of miles in huge herds to restore and recover their energy.


They have a special breath. Re, in a wolf's cry, I can hear the loneliness of the hunter and it's yearning for the freedom beyond the body. It sees the moon and wants to join it in the sky.


And now back to the episode. So the superpower of listening is that it leaves the room for imagination to dance with a sound. Let's listen. Ignite our imagination and summon our animal superpowers here and now.


Ma, thank you.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Snow Raven at TED next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.