
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I Digital currency in the tens of millions has gone to social projects that people care about. Thanks to the work of Kevin Awoke In, his 2024 talk, he describes a new way to donate in cryptocurrency that works a bit like ranked choice voting, providing donors a supercharged tool to democratically distribute funds. Learn about it after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just, ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


If you love iPhone. You'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners. Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Badda badda. Boom. Sold. Huh? Just sold my car on Carvana, dropping it off and getting paid today already. What? You still haven't sold yours? You told me about it months ago. I just, is the offer good? Oh, The offer's great. Don't have another car yet. I could Trade it in for this car I love. Come on. What are we waiting for? Ah, You're right. Let's go. Whether you're looking to sell your car right now or just whenever feels right, go to carvana.com and sell your car the convenient way terms and conditions apply.


And now our TED talk of the day In the summer of 2020, covid was ravaging the world. And in my hometown of Boulder, Colorado, businesses were having a hard time staying afloat. I worked with the community to raise money for these businesses to help get them through this trying time, but it wasn't a normal funding campaign. It was driven by a new vision and way of funding that is ultimately more democratic called quadratic funding. Quadratic funding is really, really new. It was invented by Glen Weil at Microsoft Vitalik Borin of the Ethereum Foundation and Zoe Zi, A PSG Economist in September, 2018, they set out to write a paper that would have a new vision for a mathematically optimal way to fund community goods.


Quadratic funding is basically a crowdfunding campaign, but it's not like a Patreon where creators sell subscriptions and it's not like a Kickstarter in that it rev leverages a matching funds mechanism to match contributions from everyday donors. It's a mathematical formula that results in a fairer way to distribute funds. It's basically a matching campaign. So how does it work? Someone who's civic-minded raises a pool of funding to stimulate a community. This could be a local philanthropist that wants to give back or a civic leader that wants to stimulate economic recovery. Second projects sign up for a crowdfunding campaign. This could be local businesses that have a civic-minded mission, or it could be any group of neighbor who wants to help out the community.


And then third, you run a crowdfunding campaign in which these everyday citizens in these communities contribute to the projects that are in the campaign. And those contributions are matched by the matching pool. Now here's the cool thing about quadratic funding that makes it into a funding power tool. When the contributions from the crowd are matched by the matching pool, the they're matched more on the basis of the breadth of contributors to each project as opposed to the depth of their contributions. And this is really, really powerful. We're let's run through an example of how, let's say you have a million dollar matching pool for a seaside towns restoration campaign.


And the first project a marina is favored by wealthy donors. It raises 500 K from one contributor. The second project raises 500 K from 10,000 contributors. Let's say it's something that's more popular in everyday members of the community, like revitalizing the downtown with quadratic funding. That second project will get way more of the matching pool, even though they raised the same amount of money and in one-to-one matching, they would get the same amount from the matching pool. With quadratic funding, 99% of the funds will go to that second project. Okay, so this is what makes quadratic funding a tool for funding what everyday members of a community want. It leverages a matching funds mechanism that disproportionately rewards projects with a broader base of support over the ones that are supported by small donors.


Alright, so now that we have an intuition for how this works, many small donors are more powerful than one large donor. Let's take a look at the math. This equation basically says that the amount coming from the matching pool is proportional to the sum of the square roots of each contribution, all of that square. Now that might sound like a mouthful, but basically the reason why we call this quadratic funding is that it leverages squares and square roots in order to determine the matching amounts. So let's run through an example so that you develop an intuition for how this math works. Let's say we're running a QF campaign for two different projects, and the first project raises $10 from 10 contributors.


So 10 contributions of $1 each. And the second project favored by wealthy donors raises $10 from one contributor. Let's apply the quadratic math to this campaign and figure out who's gonna get the most matching. The first thing we have to do is we have to sum the square roots of each contribution. So the square root of one is one and one plus one plus one equals 10. So that's the first project. The second project received one contribution of $10. We take the square root of that and that's roughly three. So you can see in this portion of the formula how it starts to break down the contributions of the larger donors with the square root, but it doesn't affect the small donors as much.


Next, let's take the sum of the square roots and let's square those. 10 squared is a hundred and roughly three squared is about nine. Here you can develop an intuition for the second half, this formula and how it's widening the distance between the projects that have a broader base of support and the one favored by a a large donor. And finally, we have our matching proportions. 90% of the funding is going to go to the project that has a broader base of support. Okay? So that's how the math works. many small donors are more powerful than one large donor, and there's a counterintuitive implication of this that is extremely powerful. If we were doing a thousand or $10,000 matching pool in that example, then when you give to that first project, you are allocating tens or hundreds of dollars in the campaign.


Okay? So this gets lots of people off their butts to contribute to quadratic funding campaigns. What's better? You give a dollar and a project gets a doll a dollar because of no matching. You give a dollar or a project gets $2 because of one-to-one matching, or you give a dollar and a project gets hundreds of dollars because the matching pool was well funded and that project got enough small donors supporting it. Okay? So because of these matching multiples, we're starting to see lots of people contribute to quadratic funding campaigns when we run them. And because of that, we're able to develop a high resolution view of what constituencies that run quadratic funding campaigns actually care about. And by care about, I don't mean that they hit a like button, they actually gave a dollar of their own money to their projects in their community on the basis of what they see in their community.


In analog democracies, we get a signal every couple years and an up or down vote of what people actually care about. But with quadratic funding, we can get a more frequent if we run these campaigns every three or six months and more high resolution view of what matters to everyday citizens. And then we can take the projects that are supported in the quadratic funding campaign and build relationships between those in power and those who are doing the most good in their communities. And now back to the episode, Quad funding isn't just for downtowns that wanna revitalize after a pandemic. And it's not just for seaside projects that wanna revitalize themselves, either any community that wants to fund what matters to everyday people can use a quadratic funding campaign to do so.


The cycle can be kicked off by a philanthropist that wants to give back, but isn't sure to what a digital community that wants to fund what matters to everyday. People can use quadratic funding and it can be used by cities, states, or countries that wanna revitalize their democracies, know any of those quadratic funding scales. In just about six years, it's been used to fund $60 million worth of community goods through 270,000 unique contributors and 4 million unique contributions. It is funded 4,000 creators extending a civic lifeline to the people who have the most legitimacy in these communities. The tech to do quadratic funding is available today. In the last year, my team at Bitcoin has developed open source software that anyone can pull down and run a quadratic funding campaign in their community today.


Now I've gotta address the elephant in the room for a second. You may have guessed by the name of my startup Bitcoin with a G that I am indeed a crypto bro. I plead guilty Crypto doesn't have the best reputation and probably deservedly so. But I'm a part of the crypto movement that cares deeply about community goods, things like open source software, and we wanna see those things funded. You wouldn't throw out all of the internet because of a couple bad websites. So please don't throw out all of crypto because of scam. Bankman freed My flavor of crypto. Grow cares deeply about community goods and quadratic funding. It's, it's an example of something good that was pioneered in crypto and is now starting to go mainstream.


If, you want to run a quadratic funding campaign in your Ethereum based community. You can use Bitcoin grants, our software to do that. But If, you don't care about the whole crypto thing. We've built a tool called Simple grants do XYZ that will allow you to fund what matters in your community using quadratic funding and US dollars, euros, Japanese yen, or any of the hundreds of currencies that we support. This tool is available as open source software, which means that anyone can download it and run it without needing anything from me. But If, you need something. Me and my team are available to talk about best practices and help you support your community. Now, I don't wanna oversell quadratic funding. It's not perfect. Or I guess said another way. It works under very specific scenarios.


First, you need someone who's gonna put up the matching pool. Second, that person has to be comfortable with other people distributing the funds. Third, we need the ability to stop people from falsifying identities. And fourth, we need to stop the ability to collude with each other. Basically situations where If, you contribute to my project, I'll contribute to yours. That's collusion. But these are solvable problems and I know that because I've solved them hundreds of times through trial and error in the quadratic funding campaigns that I've run. American Sociobiologists, Edward Wilson once said, the real problem with humanity is we've got paleolithic emotions, medieval institutions in God-like technology. I think that with all of the amazing technology that we've got available today, we should be able to upgrade our institutions and use technology for the civic Good fund.


What matters to everyday people. Quadratic funding is one way we can do that. It's not the only way, but it's a part of an ecology of 21st century digital democratic tools that are gonna allow us to support the voices of a general diverse population and create community engagement and collective action and all in a way that feels more like using a slick app than going to the DMV. I wanna see us fund what matters to everyday people in the 21st century and upgrade our institutions to be digitally native. Quadratic funding is one way we can do that. Thank you for coming to my TED talk.


That was Kevin awoke at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com's curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing Matino European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions have changed and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power, you need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your projects. There is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pocket. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent, we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What Are the solutions? Well, Basically the key aspect is to put your money at work. And by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy. And now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's a 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not so search for it. Ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, How is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror, is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way. That's what we offer. And this pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store. Maybe you will see us there. What Are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term. Two, diversification and three progressivity dollar cost averaging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank you, mattess. Now let us hear the last word, The most important one, dare. You should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you. Nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the app Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App Store and we are happy to support you in building wealth across Europe.