
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Whether it's in your household and getting the kids out the door on time or in high stakes work situations, playing the blame game has a way of making things worse. In his 2024 talk management consultant, Michael Timms shares three habits to practice when processes break down at home or at work. These can help restore accountability and help people work together better after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support For the show comes from Brooks Running. My friends at Brooks sent me the amazing new Ghost sixteens. I don't know about y'all, but having new shoes, especially really lightweight ones that I like, get me out there. It's like enough motivation just to have that soft cushioning. You can take your daily joy ride in these better than ever Ghost sixteens now with nitrogen infused DNA loft V three cushioning, so lightweight, so soft, it'll help you turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Visit Brooks Running dot com to learn more.


Support for the show comes from Mint Mobile. You know when you discover a new show that's worth binging or a song that you play on repeat and you have to share it with your friends so they can experience how awesome it is just as you have. That's kind of what it feels like when you discover that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for $15 a month. When you purchase a three month plan, it's such an awesome deal. There's no way that you can keep it to yourself, and that's why I am telling you all about it. Say bye-Bye to your overpriced Wireless plan and switch to Mint Mobile. All plans come with high-speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. To get this new customer offer and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mint mobile.com/talks. That's mint mobile.com/talks. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month@mintmobile.com slash talks. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem mint mobile for details.


And now our TED talk of the day. Are there any other parents here who have struggled to get your kids out the door on time? Yeah, so you know, right? It's like hurting kittens. My wife and I would start nagging our three daughters long before it was time to leave, but that obviously wasn't working 'cause we were always late for everything. But one day was a complete gong show. Five minutes before we needed to leave for an important event. I found my oldest daughter on the porch reading. My middle daughter was playing the piano, and my youngest daughter wasn't wearing any socks, so I told them, stop reading.


Stop playing the piano. Put on your socks and everybody get in the car. Five minutes later, nobody was in the car on my way to help my youngest daughter wear her socks, I noticed my oldest daughter was still on the porch reading. Now I'm starting to lose it. Her response, I didn't hear you, but before I could say a word, I heard the piano start playing again. And that's the story of how I lost my mind. The end.


I just wanted my daughters to take a little ownership for getting out the door in time. But then I remembered something. I teach management teams. You can't inspire accountability in others until you model it yourself. That's when I realized I wasn't taking any accountability for this problem. I was blaming it totally on my daughters. So I tried a different approach and looked in the mirror. What was I doing or not doing that may be contributing to this problem? Then it hit me. I knew when they needed to be done, breakfast, dressed, groomed, and ready to leave. But did they?


I also knew what time it was, but there were no clocks in their bathrooms, which I discovered is like a different dimension from my girls where time ceases to exist. Solution, I put big clocks everywhere and posted the schedule in a common area. And you know what? It actually worked. Now we're not perfect at getting out the door in time, but it's much better than it was. I had fallen into the same trap that many people in leadership positions fall into, which is blaming other people for a problem. Without considering my part in it. While working with leadership teams, I discovered three powerful habits that elevate the performance of others.


I call it the three habits of personal accountability. Habit one, don't blame Habit two, look in the mirror. Habit three, engineer the solution. This sequence of habits has an almost magical effect on other people's behavior and you get better results. But this isn't just for CEOs and managers, we're all trying to help others be better, right? As a parent, a coworker, or a volunteer, here's why these habits work.


Habit one, don't blame. Think about the last time you blamed someone for something. How did it turn out? Probably not. Well, that's because our brains interpret blame the same way they interpret a physical attack. Blame triggers the fight or flight response, which effectively shuts down our prefrontal cortex, which is the problem solving part of our brain. So when I was getting angry at my daughters, it wasn't motivating them. It was actually impairing their brain function.


And now back to the episode. Researcher, Dr. Amy Edmondson studied hospital teams to see how culture affects people's willingness to report medical errors. She expected that the high performing teams would make fewer mistakes, but to her surprise, they reported more errors. Why? Because when people aren't blamed for problems, they're more willing to admit their mistakes and learn from them. But in cultures of blame, people hide problems or point their finger at someone else.


No one is gonna take accountability if they think they're gonna be blamed for doing so. Blame destroys teamwork, problem solving, learning, and initiative. In other words, blame kills accountability. So what should we do instead? Habit two, look in the mirror. Most of us are really good at noticing other people's mistakes, but we're not so good at noticing how we contribute to problems. One time my assistant helped me mail out hundreds of expensive marketing packages to prospective clients. Three weeks later, no responses.


So I checked one of the cover letters. It read Dear Mr. Smith, insert company name here. She missed one of the variable fields in every letter, thousands of dollars down the drain. Now she felt awful and said, this is totally my fault. I was thinking, you are darn right. This is totally your fault. But then I looked in the mirror and I realized I didn't highlight any of the variable fields in yellow like they are in all our other templates.


If I had, she couldn't have missed it. Now, I'm not saying that every problem is my fault, but if I look closely enough at my problems, I can usually discover how my actions or inactions contributed to them in some way. This is a profound insight because if I can see my part in a problem, I can do something about it. The next time you encounter a problem, try this. Ask yourself, how may I have contributed to this problem? I taught these principles to a construction company and followed up a few weeks later to see how things had changed.


A project manager told me the following story, our general manager is a total blamer, and team meetings usually turn into blame sessions. But the week after you taught us these principles, that meeting went very differently. When our general manager identified a problem, he was about to lay into the person who he thought was responsible, but then he stopped, put his head, In his hand for a moment, then looked up and said, this is how I think I contributed to the problem. The mood in that meeting changed instantly, and then I saw something I have never seen before.


Other people began raising their hand saying, no, boss. It wasn't just your fault. This is how I think I contributed to the problem. When leaders acknowledged their part in problems, first, it makes it safe for everybody else to do the same. And if nobody else follows suit, then you've earned the moral authority to ask. And how may you have contributed to this problem before others will allow us to hold them accountable. They must first see us hold ourselves accountable.


Now what if the cause of your problem isn't what you think it is? Habit three, engineer the solution. When bad things happen, our brains are hardwired to blame the person closest to the mess and ignore other causes. Fortunately, there's a fix. It's called systems thinking, which is noticing how environment and processes influence behavior. Systems thinking emerged toward the end of World War ii. When the US Air Force noticed that a lot of their planes were crashing without any mechanical problems, their conclusion, our pilots are idiots.


So they engaged some consultants to help them select less error prone pilots. When the consultants investigated, they discovered they didn't have a pilot problem. They had a cockpit problem. For instance, pilots confused gear handles that looked and felt the same if they were located right beside each other or they mixed up controls. If they were in a different position, in a different model of plane design, better cockpits, the consultants concluded and you'll have fewer crashes. So the US Air Force engineered the solution by simplifying cockpit design. Similarly, when I stopped blaming my daughters, I noticed the environmental factors that were influencing their behavior.


I engineered the solution by putting up clocks and a schedule so they had the information they needed to take the initiative. Instead of asking, who fault is this? Ask, where did the process break down this question? Is your secret weapon to short circuit the blame game and find sustainable solutions to your problems? Remember, you can't inspire accountability in others until you model it yourself. The next time you encounter a problem, test this sequence of habits and watch it change your outcomes.


Don't blame, look in the mirror and engineer the solution. Be the change that you want to see in others. Our world is in desperate need of more people who take ownership of problems and solutions in our workplaces, our homes, and in our society. And the secret is, as you model these behaviors, so will those around you. It's kind of magic. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMGS solo with your partner or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That Was Michael Timms at TEDx Sury in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PRX.