
If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Not only will you find a great selection of frames, you'll also meet helpful advisors and friendly optometrists. Yep. Many Warby Parker locations also offer eye exams, so the next time you need glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses, or a new prescription, you know where to look. To find a Warby Parker store near you or to book an eye exam, head over to Warby Parker dot com slash retail.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with lash, sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from great lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.


Culture evolves at the speed of light, just like your financial needs when it comes to your money. Credit Karma keeps you in the know and ahead of the game. You can count on Credit Karma to keep up with your financial needs as they evolve. We'll help you monitor your progress and give personalized recommendations so you can make strides towards your goals and find your way to money. Intuit, credit Karma, karma. You can count on download the app today.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Modern farms and current agricultural practices are vital to life as we know it. They're also a major contributor to climate change. As a banker who works with farms and a farmer himself, Berry Marttin is deeply aware of the problem, but he believes that farming is also a major part of the solution coming up, innovative efforts to make agriculture a leader in the fight against climate change. Well, at the farm, Kesh is king. It's a business.


I'm a farmer myself. I raise kettle grow corn, I bel hay, but I'm also a banker and I've financed farmers for more than 30 years. I actually are the honor to sit at the kitchen table of large and small farmers on all continents except Antarctica. Not many farmers there. Well, one thing I can assure you, farming is a risk. Business profits are very small. You're dependent on the weather and you don't know what that's going to be. You grow a crop, you don't know the price, you don't know the quantity, and you don't know the quality.


So there's no much room for error there, and yet farming needs to change. If we want to reach the goals of Paris and feed a growing population, more than 20% of all greenhouse gases actually are emitted by agriculture or lands change. This includes deforestation and let me, sure, let's stop that immediately. Chemical fertilizers, emissions from animals, diesel of your tractor, but global farming is also using 70% of all water withdrawals. It's also major contributor to biodiversity and species loss.


Add that all together, quite impactful. However, it's also big part of the solution. Scientists estimate that farmers can take carbon out of the air by means of growing trees or put it in the soil. The impact is estimated as big as wind and solar quite something. So if that's the case, why farmers are not rushing to change their ways and save our planet, the reality is quite different. First of all, biological processes take time at least five to 10 years to start changing the quality and the characteristics of your soil.


It's take time to change your hurt or to grow trees. Also, biological processes are very variable. They depend on weather, they depend on fire, rain, drought also, we actually don't have not tested, fully tested all climate smart agriculture techniques. Some of them have not even been adapted to regional needs. Then you have the cost. When you change, you need more labor. You need new machines, you need training, probably a failure of a crop. Then you have the consumer. The consumer today is not willing or able to pay for more sustainable foods.


So if you put all this this together, it takes a lot of time, effort, and money to transition. There is no viable business case at this moment. It costs the farmer more than it pays to transform. Meanwhile, at the other side of the fence, my neighbor who didn't change his ways of farming is enjoying a nice cash flow. I call this the value of death. This transformation is long and is the best way actually of my neighbor to fi buy me out. As one farmer once said to me, the best way of guaranteeing my farm for the next iteration is to pay my bills tomorrow.


Why should I risk the farm? Let's help the farmer then to do the transition. Actually, I'm a true believer. I'm a true believer that we should pay for EcoServices, that we should pay the farmer for the investments in nature and in carbon. We do have the instruments already that are the carbon and the biodiversity credits, but why are they not scaling first? We actually don't have standard metrics or accounting rules to measure carbon at the farm level. Let's even go further. We actually don't know actually who really owns those carbon and those biodiversity credits.


Is it the government? Is it the farmer or is it the one that's buying the products? We don't know about the price. We don't have a price transparency. It's actually a big wild west out there. If you want to sell corn, you can get the price immediately from the Chicago Board of Trade. If you want to sell a ton of carbon from your farm, you actually don't know. You really don't know. And then we have the discussion about permanence and once, what is that is that carbon and biodiversity are very variable and they're dependent on weather and fire. So the farmer needs to be protected ag against those variations.


We need a good insurance scheme. And last, the government governments please set the basic legal framework for us to be able to use those credits. And very important, a minimum price for the benchmark farmers, a great stewards of the land, good entrepreneurs, smart operators, and once the right conditions are set, I'm absolutely sure they will quickly adapt and change. How do I know that why was at Rabobank? I have participated in many structures and schemes to support farmers to transition.


Some of them failed, some of 'em were very successful, but all the good ones, all the successful ones involved some form of income or risk mitigation. Let me share with you one successful project, one I'm pretty proud about, and that's Project acorn. Acorn was designed to pay for EcoServices to smallholder farmers in small and very difficult countries. What we have done there is that we used satellite imaging and very simple pictures taken by mobile phones of trees on your farm, cross the data and calculate how much carbon was actually stored.


With this calculation, we issued certified carbon credits to the international market through an auction system, and we just sold them through the highest bidder we have been able to obtain up to $35 per ton of carbon. It doesn't look much, but if you're living on $2 a day, it's quite substantial. Acorn today reaches more than 310,000 farmers and has issued 300,000 tons of carbon and is still growing. I think it's an amazing project and if we could scale this up to the whole world, customize it to the needs of farmers in Brazil or Bangladesh, I think we could accelerate change.


So, but let's be realistic. This is not easy. Many carbon and mine diverse biodiversity credit schemes have filled. However, it's not different than what happened with agriculture commodities, bonds of shares. It took time and effort to get them standardized and quoted on global stock exchanges. Let's see how all of this comes together and how I see it working out on the farm level. For that, I want to invite you back to my farm, and one morning I'm sitting on my horse kind of dreaming. I look at the horizon.


It's a green horizon full of trees. I take my mobile phone out. I push my app, my trading app, and I see two prices, one of my carbon and the other one of my corn in my pocket. I just have my last financial carbon statement and it show I did well. I have 40,000 tons of carbon in surplus. I have a big decision to make, shall sell this carbon, order the corn to buy my neighbor. That's the farm of the future, but we will be paid for our EcoServices and to produce nutritional foods on that farm.


Cash is king. It'll cash flow for the generations to come. Thank you very much. That was Berry Marttin at Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Neon. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan.


Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with lash, sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from great lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny.


Shop now at Walmart. No matter how you travel, it's good to have a plan. Some people plan every minute, no sleep, bus, museum, another museum, while others only plan to take it day by day. When it comes to your finances, a plan is just as important. You can count on Credit Karma to give you the insights you need to understand your options so you can take charge of your financial path and find your way to money. Explore how you can make financial progress with confidence today. Intuit, credit, karma, karma, you can count on


If you work in quality control at a candy factory. You know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Granger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.