
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I am a cat lady in that. I've had lots of cats over the years and my current cat Abe is really special to me. He plays fetch, so I was delighted to learn from her 2023 talk that Cat behaviorist Nicky Trevorrow totally supports this kind of interactive play. She takes us through how to best play with our cats to make a positive impact on their happiness. It's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now the bathroom gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it. The most


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn If. you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be a lot of noise. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it'll just disappear. But with LinkedIn ads, you can be a lot more precise. You can reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant because LinkedIn has targeting capabilities to help you reach folks by job title, industry, company, and more. You can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads right away. I've learned so much about the vastness of LinkedIn because it does seem like everybody is on there. So it's helping me find some leads or think of connections that I wouldn't have otherwise thought of without the technology. It's helping me stay informed and stay educated. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


And now our TED talk of the day. When I was asked to do this TED talk, I sat down with my cat as you do, and I thought, what's going to make the biggest difference to as many cats as possible? What could it be? And I looked at my cat for inspiration and thought, yes, that's it. Yes, Cato, that's his name. Let's tell everybody about the power of play if some people seem to be the cat. People like me hands up, yes, welcome. Other people seem to be dog people. Hands up. You are also welcome. It doesn't matter if you're not really a cat person, if cats aren't really your thing, that's fine.


Just take the word cat in this talk and replace it with a dog or horse, goat, child, whatever your species of choice is. And that's because play is so fundamental to happiness that it affects so many different types of animals. In fact, there's research to show that even fish like to play, they actually jump into streams of bubbles and ride them to the top and jump out and do it again. In case you are wondering now, when I tell people that I'm a cat behaviorist, other than the confused looks I get, as you can imagine, and people saying a cat, a cat, what?


Then they really are quite confused by it. Then if they don't have a cat themselves, then they'll soon tell me that, oh yes, my mother's neighbor's friend's sister has a cat. And they'll often ask me questions about that cat's behavior. It's a bit like those of you that are nurses and you get everybody's medical questions. Now, invariably, I'm often recommending interactive play and feeding enrichment, and that's because it has such a positive difference, such a big impact on their happiness. Play is not only fun, it gets the gray matter working.


It's great way to connect with your cat and it has lots of physical benefits as well because all that extra exercise is an excellent tool for helping overweight cats shed those extra pounds. This is the very gorgeous Moodles, and she came into cats protections care, weighing 6.7 kilograms. Now, her very fantastic owner not only continued the diet that was already in place, but she also implemented a program of interactive play and feed enrichment. It certainly made dieting a lot more fun. And this is Moodles today at her target weight of four kilograms, and she's a much happier and healthier cat for it.


Play is important for every cat, young or old, all around the world. Now I know what you might be thinking. I know how to play with my cat. No, that's fine. But if your cat were to give you a review, what's it gonna say? Now, it might not say could try harder, but it might say could try smarter. I often act as a bit of a translator between cats and their caregivers. This cat, for example, is saying, what is this? This, this mouse is dead.


Bring it to me alive. And that's where the interactive play comes because it's If. you just put it there in front of the cat. It's not interesting. You need to make it move. You need to bring it to life. And so you bring the the mouse to the cat and the cat goes, no, no, no, no. Not like that. Make it run away from me because let's face it, how many, you know, no self-respecting mouse would ever go up to a cat and go, ah, yeah, here I am. So yeah. So we need to be thinking about how pre species actually move, okay? And that we need to be thinking about the fact that cats have got different play styles.


Some cats prefer a game of rabbit, and that's where they grab the toy with their front claws and they bunny kick with the back legs. Other cats prefer a game where you move the cat, the toy across the floor, and maybe it nates like a little, a little quiver over here and a mad dash across the floor just like a mouse mite. And then others prefer the toy to be moved up in the air. So this is a game like an erratic moth. Now, cats haven't evolved to show an awful lot in their faces. If, you find them hard to read. That's okay, they've evolved that way. But If, you look at this cat, you can see that the claws are out, the whiskers have come forwards and the mouth's open and they're so engaged and focused on that toy.


This is a cat showing the face of joy. You can also make it a lot more fun like this by just having it disappear outta sight, like under a newspaper magazine. And that makes it much more interesting. It's really important that the cat's actually allowed to catch and kill the toy. It makes the cat feel good. It's those happy hormones. So very, very important. Catch and kill the toy. And that's where spoiler alert, the laser pens can be a bit of a problem because it can cause frustration where the cat can't ever catch the red dot So. if you do have a laser toy at home, Eno, you just need to end the game always on a physical toy so they can actually catch and and kill the toy.


And now back to the episode, You may be concerned perhaps that you know, maybe all of this play is just training our cats to become more proficient hunters, but you'll be very pleased and relieved to hear that the latest research shows that If, you just play with your cats for a few minutes several times a day. It actually reduces hunting behavior. Okay? Now, some people might think it's all very well and good, but my cat doesn't really like to play. They're too old, they're too lazy. That won't work for my cat. And some people really think that their cat doesn't play at all. I had one client who said, no, my cat doesn't play.


And yet during the conversation I found out that her cat does play that only for five minutes. This is play. It's just that the owner expected her cat to play for half an hour or more, much like a dog would. But cats are not small dogs. Now, as children, we were taught not to play with their with their food. And I'm here to ask all of you to not only play with your cat's food, but more importantly get your cats to play with their food. Feed young cats in a way that's more interesting, gets their minds working.


It's mentally stimulating. In short, for very little effort you can make actually change your cat's happiness and you can change their life in just three minutes because that's how long it takes to show a cat feeding enrichment, also known as puzzle feeders. And it simply just means feed your cat in a way that's much more interesting than just in a bowl. Now, some people may have dabbled in feeding enrichment, probably accidentally when they've gone down the pet shop and picked up a puzzle board and they've given it to their cat and then they've got frustrated and thought it doesn't work because the cat's disinterest has left them disheartened.


But fear not because I have a few handy chips up my sleeve, and that is to keep it simple. Now, as much as I love, I do love the puzzle balls. They're brilliant. But these are medium level toys. Okay, we need to start off really simple with something like this. Okay, you can find this online and then you wanna start everybody off in an egg box. It's brilliant because they're free and you just put in the biscuits where the cats would, you know where the eggs would normally sit, and you need to pour it out with your fingers and show the cats how to use it. And then for the next level up, you can cover the biscuits with a bit of paper If, you want to be it really difficult, you can then shut the lid.


And it's so much fun watching these cats hunt for their food. Once they've mastered the egg box, you can move onto the toilet roll pyramid. This one is fantastic for children, a great one I'd like to see done in schools particularly because there's no sharp scissors involved and you just need to sate all the joins front and back and then put the biscuits in where the egg, where the toilet roll tubes are, and then allow the cat to get them out. So you can say very simple ideas, they're free and a lot of fun. So they, those are my two tips. Keep it simple and show the cats how to do it. Many years ago I helped a caregiver and I was explaining how to introduce a puzzle ball to the cat.


So we talked through it and she rung me up a while later, quite exasperated and said, Nikki, I've done what you said. I got down on my hands and knees and I've been batting around this puzzle ball now for two hours and the cat still doesn't understand. She just follows me and eats all the biscuits. Yep, that cat knows what she's doing and that cat knows how to use a puzzle bowl, but she's getting the caregiver to do all the hard work. And you get pairs of cats like this as well where one cat does all the hard work and the other cat swoops on in and eats the biscuits.


I particularly like this puzzle board because it's got four different sections on there. So it's different ways for the gap to think and use their brain and figure out how they're gonna get the food. So you can see that really we are not teaching cats how to play. They're teaching us. We just have to listen to them and we need to learn their preferences because once you get the the basic principles of feed enrichment, the world is your oyster and you are only limited by your imagination. So you just need to take the feeding enrichment and build up really slowly in complexity over time to your own individual cat's pace.


I think that feeding enrichment is just as fun for us as it is for cats. So go ahead, give it a go. It's fun, it's easy, and it takes very little effort. You've got three minutes, right? It may not change the world, but it will change the world for your your cat. Thank you very much.


Hi, I'm Bvo Sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Nicky Trevorrow speaking at TEDx Cardiff in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing Ma European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible, along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions have changed, and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power, you need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your projects. There is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pocket. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent, we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What are the solutions? Well, basically the key aspect is to put your money at work. And by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy, and now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not. So search for it. Ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, How is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend, and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror, is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way. That's what we offer. And this pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store. Maybe you will see us there. What are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think, and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term, two, diversification and three progressivity dollar cost. Leveraging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank You, mattess. Now let us hear the last word, The most important one, dare. You should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you. Nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App Store, and we are happy to support you in building wealth across Europe.