
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. When I was little, I never played much with dolls or GI Joes, but I did love to put together newsletters for my class. And it turns out that those early activities that I did just for fun, portended what I would do with my adult life. In his 2024 talk toy guy, Chris Burn shares what he has learned about the power of the way we play in shaping who we become. It's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


Proving trust is more important than ever, especially when it comes to your security program. Vanta helps centralize program requirements and automate evidence collection for frameworks like SOC two, ISO 27 0 0 1, hipaa, and more. So you save time and money and build customer trust. And with Vanta, you get continuous visibility into the state of your controls. Join more than 8,000 global companies like Atlassian, flow Health and Quora who trust Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. Now that's a new way to grc. Learn more@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's vanta.com/ TED Audio.


Being a changemaker is tireless work. BMW knows that better than anyone constantly pushing innovation. The BMW seven series and all electric I seven removes all distraction for a rejuvenating driving experience. Enjoy the luxurious cabin with rear executive lounge seating. Transform your ride with massaging seats and enhance your atmosphere with the panoramic Sky Lounge LED Roof. All details have been tailored for you, so you can experience the BMW seven series fully made. For those who appreciate detail by those who are obsessed with it. Learn more about the innovative BMW seven Series and available as a 100% electric i7@bmwusa.com.


You come to the New Yorker Radio Hour for conversations that go deeper with people you really want to hear from, whether it's Bruce Springsteen or Quest Love, or Olivia Rodrigo, Liz Cheney. We're the godfather of artificial intelligence, Jeffrey Hinton or some of my extraordinarily well-informed colleagues at the New Yorker. So join us every week on the New Yorker Radio Hour, wherever you listen to podcasts.


And now our TED Talk of the day. Hey, I have a question. Can you come out and play? Does that that sound like fun, like exciting? Maybe there's a little bit of adventure. Does that bring back some memories for you? I sure hope it does. I know it does for me. Now, I am a toy historian. You've probably never met one before because there aren't that many of us. The toy industry doesn't pay much attention to history, and the industry is all about what's selling today. So over the past nearly 40 years, I've had the opportunity to play with kids in many different ways.


And I've learned one thing that toys don't change, but I love Toy History because I think that when we look back, we can see a clear view of our culture and our values at a specific point in time. And it's more than just what was fun, because toys really help prepare kids to enter a culture as adults at a specific time. And it all begins with one question. It starts in the imagination when we say what if, right? So I mentioned that the toy, the role of play doesn't change the to however do widely popular toys are sometimes the first shared cultural experience many children ever ha ever have.


And they can become cultural events as well. Think back of the fads of the past decades. We had Rubik's Cube, we had Cabbage Patch, ZSU Patch, pet's, pet Rock, right? And now, now we're in the middle of Squishmallows. But I truly think then what, when we look back at what we loved, we can see the seeds of who we were going to become personally and professionally. Now, I grant you, this is much more an art than a science, but I believe that each of us has an inherent play style that's as unique as our fingerprints. So very often when I meet somebody, I'll ask them, what was your favorite toy as a child?


I have heard some of the most amazing answers over time, and I think it's really important that we look at what those are for ourselves, because we get, we grow up and we lose sight of that playful person that was inside us. And I think that person is still there. And when we embrace the sense of play and adventure, we can have joy every day. Now, my favorite toy was Matchbox cars. I loved them. I loved collecting them, playing with them, organizing them. And I especially loved the models of Yesteryear series because I loved the cars, but I was also fascinated by the history of the people who might have driven them.


So there are two characteristics that I can trace back to that I love order and I'm fascinated by history. A couple of years ago, I wrote a book about the playwright, Terrence McNally. And Terrence had a puppet theater In his garage, and he also loved the TV show, Kuk La Fran and Ollie, where Fran Allison, a human, interacted with Kukla Clown and Alia Dragon, and they were puppets. And Terrence told me that playing with his puppets and watching that show was some of the best theater training he ever had. Basketball great. Sue Bird told me that she was obsessed, obsessed with her pogo ball.


Now, that came out in 1969, but it would've become a fad mid eighties about the time that Sue would've discovered it. The Pogo ball was an inflatable ball, and it had a platform around the middle, and you clenched it between your ankles and you jumped. It wasn't easy. Sue went on to become the winningest player in the WNBA. And I believe that her passion for practice and her dedication to mastery served her wealth on the playground, right? And translated into her careers at UConn. And in the professional world, three time, Tony winning costume designer Craig, Greg Barnes, told me that he loved to play with Barbies, he loved to make clothes for them.


But this was in the 1960s when playing with Barbie was taboo for boys. Greg did it anyway. And later he had a dream come true job when he designed the costumes for Barbie and Fairy topia, the tour, and the Doll Composer and lyricist Steven Sondheim loved puzzles and games, and especially games like Scrabble. And those of us who love musical theater know where word wordplay landed him, right? And guess what? This works for us, ordinary mortals as well.


And now back to the episode, When you think about the toys that you loved as a child, you didn't think about, why do I love this? You just did, right? Perhaps you watched the TV show Blues Clues, or you played with your Tonka truck, or you had cuddled up to a care bear or played that iconic game. Hungry, hungry Hippos. Yeah, I see here's, I grew up in Delaware, and all the girls in the neighborhood played Barbie. Barbie was from Malibu, California, and Wilmington was about as far away from that as you could get.


But in the late 1960s, Barbie play all followed the prescribed cultural path for girls dating, love marriage. My nieces and their friends played Barbie very differently. They were inspired by the 1985 commercial We Girls can do Anything that encouraged them to imagine themselves as independent and empowered women. And that was just the time that more and more professional women were entering the workforce. Today, Barbie's left the beach behind, sort of she's now every girl, and Ken's there too. Broad cultural representation is now baked into the brand.


And our conversations with Jen Alpha kids and their parents indicate that this is a core value for them in their play. Barbie is still relevant because she reflects the world the players see, and that's really the secret that's kept Barbie so popular for the past 65 years. She, her play is grounded in the present while encouraging kids to imagine possibilities for the future. I had another friend who was not so much into Barbie, but she loved her Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. She loved being a superhero, and she loved the iconoclastic humor as a child.


She had a serious accident, and the doctor who treated her eased her fears with comedy that inspired her to go into medicine because he became a superhero to her. And now she's a hero to her patients. Oh, and she's done improv comedy because you cannot lose the humor. All of this has a dark side as well. Have any of you ever cheated at a board game? Yeah. Right, right. I've, I've, I've heard this stories. Well, here's the thing about board games. Board games are all about rules and structure and operating within those rules and structure. And it's one of the first times we as kids ever experienced a moral compass in the context of our family and our society.


So that at least is the way it's supposed to work. Years ago, I worked with a guy who was so proud of how he used to cheat at Monopoly by stealing money from the bank. I hear people, you've done that, and well wait. 'cause he bragged about, he did that to his children as well, because winning was everything, anything for him and for me, I can remember doing that once as a kid and feeling rotten about it the entire next day. Well, not this guy, because he was, he felt no compunction about cheating our clients. And I think our working relationship collapsed because our play styles were completely different.


Now, I'm not saying that If you cheated as a game, you're gonna become a crook. But I am saying that our characters are shaped in part by how we internalize our play experiences. So it's never about the piece of plush or the plastic that gives the toy its power. It's the narratives we tell related to that toy in the context of our culture and our experience. That's really how we learned to be ourselves. So take a look back and think about, you know how you became who you became.


The stories as pleasant. Roland used to tell me who she found an American girl, and pleasant always said story over stuff. Now, you may have heard of the pioneering educator, Maria Montessori. Maria and her colleagues popularize the idea that play is the work of a child. And the goal of that work is to emerge into society as a completely integrated and participating adult. So once again, look back and think about how much of who you are today began in the playroom. Now, this is not some Calvinist notion of predestination, but I do think it's so much fun to look back for clues as to how we became who we are.


We, and you know who we might yet be. It's a little like Harry Potter, right? But we are the wizards. We, we are the wizards. And our powerful spells are the stories that we tell and the actions that we take. We become what we play best of all. You never have to stop because when we play, we get to experience the joy of new discoveries, have fun, and embrace the adventure. And best of all, enjoy the ride. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest, evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo s Odoo, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Chris Burns speaking at TED next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones, or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics, all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.