
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today's speaker began to see the notion of freedom while confined in a tiny cell as a political prisoner. In his talk given on October 24th, 2024 in Atlanta, Georgia, freedom Fighter, Leopoldo. Lopez explores freedom, the notion of it and how it's directly related to democracy. Stick around after his talk for a q and a with Ted's, Helen Walters all coming up after a short break.


Teams with big ideas start in Jira. The only project management tool you need to plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping us in sync to deliver the big ideas our listeners love. And there's a lot more that teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key so that we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need to make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea. Today in Jira.


Are your digital operations a well-oiled machine or a tangled mess? Is your customer experience breaking through or breaking down? It's time for an operations intervention. If, you need to consolidate software and reduce costs. If you need to mitigate risk and build resilience and If. you need to speed up your pace of innovation. The PagerDuty Operations Cloud is the essential platform for operating as a modern digital business. Get started@pagerduty.com.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wee. Get celebration ready with Justin wine. Enjoy exceptional wine all season long with Justin. Whether it's for seasonal celebrations, festive dinner parties, or gift exchanges, Justin wine is sure to make your holidays memorable. If, you are looking for special wine to serve at your holiday table. Try I saly Justin's flagship Bordeaux style red blend. Pick up Justin wine today at a store near you or order it online because gifting with Justin is effortless. You just pick up your wine, select a box, add a personal message, and leave the rest to them. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order. For a limited time


Like TED Talks, you should check out the TED radio hour with NPR. Stay tuned. After this Talks Odoo hear sneak peek of this week's episode And now our TED talk of the day. So today I want to Talks Odoo you about something that has been at the core of my existence for the past years freedom and democracy. I was elected mayor of Caracas, the capital of Venezuelan in the year 2000. I was reelected in the year 2004 and then in the year 2008 when I was running for higher office, I was banned to run for office because we were going to win.


At that time, we started a movement, a nonviolent civil resistance grassroots movement that went all over Venezuela and worked with people all around the country to build a network that could face off the dictatorship of Nicola Maduro. In the year 2013, Maduro was elected, he stole an election, and in January of 2014, we call for protest. Tens of thousands of people went to the streets and that took me to prison. I spent the next seven years in imprisonment, four of them in solitary confinement in a military prison.


The history of my country, Venezuela is one like many other Latin American countries, African countries, one of military rule exile, imprisonment and politics. So I had read a lot about what it meant to be imprison. I read the usual Suspects, I read about Mandela, I read about Gandhi. I read about my model Martin Luther King. But I also read a lot about the experience of Venezuelans, including my great-grandfather who had been a political prisoner for years and died in exile. Everything that they had to say, what's relevant to their own condition.


But they all spoke about the importance of having a routine. So I had my own routine since day one, February the 18th of 2014. My routine was simple. I would do three things every day. I would pray to take care of my soul. I would read write to do something with my mind, and I would do exercise. I did those three things with Spartan discipline every day. If I did them, I would feel that I was winning the day. But there was one thing that I would think about every single day why I was in prison. And in fact, this is something that I'm sure happens to all prisoners, political prisoners or not.


That's what prison in a way is made for. So every day I thought about what freedom and democracy meant, and he was there in a cell, two by two in solitary confinement that I really got to understand what freedom was. And it became clear to me that freedom is not about one thing. In fact, freedom is about the possibility of doing many things. It's a possibility to speak out, to express your mind. It's a possibility to move around in your country. It's a possibility to assemble with whomever you want to assemble, to pray to whomever you want to pray to own property.


And all of those things were taken away from me and from millions of Venezuelans. And it also became very clear to me that freedom and democracy were two sides of a coin, were interdependent. You cannot have freedom without democracy. You cannot have democracy if people are not free. So that took me to think about the state of democracy. In fact, next month of November, we're gonna celebrate the 35th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall. 35 years back then I was in grad school, was the nineties.


And I remember the excitement that was everywhere about spreading democracy, spreading freedom, human rights all over the place. I remember my teachers going to different countries with students. But when we look back 35 years ago and we fast forward, things didn't really come out the way it was expected. Only 10 years ago, 42% of the world's population was living under autocratic rule. That was 3.1 billion people. That's around the same time I was sent to prison.


Today, 72% of the global population is living under some sort of autocratic room. So let's think about this. This is 5.7 billion people in the world that don't have the rights that most people in this room have. They can't speak freely, they move freely. They can pray freely. They can't own property. 5.7 billion people in the world. After seven years of imprisonment, I was able to escape prison and went into exile.


Exile is another form of imprisonment. At the beginning it was tough. But then I started to meet other people like myself who had been leading protests in their countries, who had been political prisoners who are who were in exile. And we were very different in any way we could. We could think about our skin color, our religion, our languages, the story of our families, the history of our countries. We were very different. But when we spoke about what it meant to fight for freedom and to confront autocracies, I was with my bodies. It was the same people, same movement.


So we decided to create an alliance of democracy defenders and freedom fighters. So alongside with Gary Cafaro from Russia, and an incredible woman from Iran, Mac, Ja, we decided to create an alliance of freedom fighters and democracy defenders. And that's how we created the World Liberty Congress, which is an alliance of hundreds of leaders, many of them you have seen their work in Hong Kong, in Russia, in Belarus, in Uganda, in Zimbabwe, in Afghanistan, in Cambodia, Nicaragua, Cuba in many countries. And we decided to work together to come together to a single purpose, to stop autocracy and to bring democracy to our countries.


But it became very clear to us that we were not only facing our local autocrat, we were also facing a network of autocrats and axis of autocrats. And this is something that not, might not be obvious to many people, but in fact autocrats work together. They support each other in many ways, diplomatically, financially, militarily through their kleptocratic networks. And this is not an ideological alliance. It has nothing to do with ideology, right? Left conservative liberals, nothing to do with that.


It has to do with power, money, and a common enemy democracy. So that's why you have the nationalist from Russia, the theocrats from Iran, the communists from China, working together under a similar alliance. So if crats are working together and the world is coming to a point where 72% of the world's population, it's under autocracy, it's time to think about why should you care about this? Why should everybody, anybody care about this? Why should someone who's living in the United States or in Europe or in a functioning democracy care about this?


Well, If, you care about climate change. If. you care about gender equality. If, you care about women's rights, If, you care about human rights. If, you care about corruption. If, you care about migration. You need to be concerned about the rights of autocracy and the need for democracy. 30% of the CO2 emissions come from China and Russia alone. 80% of the world's poverty comes from autocratic countries. 90% of the force migration, and we from Venezuela can speak about this, has at its root cause autocracy.


So we need to care about this and what can be done, what can be done about this? Well, I believe that we are now at a moment where we need to make a tipping point of the engagement of people around the world to create a movement towards freedom and democracy. Think about the climate change movement 20, 30, 40 years ago. It was not mainstream. It was there, but it was not mainstream. But then what happened? Researchers, governments, policy makers, activists, artists, school teachers, students, children, everybody came together under the same cause because I remember during the 1980s, nineties, you would look up to the sky and you would think that there was an on hole in the sky that was going to destroy.


So the threat was very clear. People came together, policy came together, and now it's mainstream things are being done. I believe we are at that point with respect to democracy and freedom. If that trend continues today, 72%, if that trend continues, maybe in the next 25 years, in 2050, the entire world would be autocratic. And that is less than a generation ago. So we must take action. And now back to the episode.


What can we do? Well, the first thing I believe is to assume that we need to take the offensive stop legitimizing. Autocrats. Autocrats today are comfortable. They do business with governments, with businesses. We need to think of smart sanctions of way to make them accountable for the violations of human rights. Second, there needs to be a support for pro-democracy and freedom movements in the United States. That is the most actively philanthropic society in the world. Only 2% of philanthropy goes to democracy related issue.


Only 2%. And a fraction of a fraction of that 2% goes to promote democracy outside the us. It's not a priority. So supporting pro-democracy, movement, supporting the people that want to be free should be a priority for all. And let me, let me give you some examples. Technology, access to internet to free and uncensored internet. Think of the potential transformational capacity to give people all over the world access to internet. Let me give you another example. Using new technologies like Bitcoin to promote and support the potential of these movements.


We are doing this already. In the case of Venezuela, we supported more than 80,000 medical doctors and nurses using stable coins and bitcoins because under autocracies, you are under a financial apartheid. Give opportunities for training, give opportunities for these movements to be part of a global conversation. And finally, we need to build a global movement. There is not one person, one organization, one government that can do this by themselves. Similar to climate change. We need to think of this challenge as a network. We need to create notes of network, notes of network that activate all over the place.


We need to activate anyone with the things that they can do. Musicians should think about, think singing for freedom. Artists, intellectuals, researchers, activists, governments. Everybody can create their own note with a similar goal, which is freedom and democracy. When I was in solitary confinement, I had a window and I could see through the crack of that window that there was a tree. And in that tree there was a a hawk. And I contemplated that that animal for hours and hours and hours. I only think that you contemplate an animal that long If, you are a in biology or or you're in prison.


And one day a guard told me, because I would always tell the guards about the hawk, he said, you know, the hawk is injured, went to a barbed wire and he's injured. And I said, bring it to me. And to my surprise, they brought it to me maybe because they thought it was going to die. I fed that haw. And then one day after a couple of months of they came to my cell, they threw a blanket in the hook, they took it away. Of course it affected me, but less than a day after that hook was in the same tree. And it reassured me that it doesn't matter how low you are, how low percentage possibilities you have to succeed, there is always possibility to do so.


We can always rise up to all of the challenges. So I ask all of you to stand up, to speak out, to do something about our freedom. This is our time. Think of 25 years and let's give our children a free world with human rights, democracy and respect for all. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, thank you. Thank you, Leo. Okay, Leo, I wanted to ask you a few questions.


And actually Venezuela is one of them. So there were elections in July. Maduro says he won the election. Observer says he did not. But what are you hearing? What is the situation in Venezuela right now? Well, so, so let me, let me explain this very briefly. The, the case of Venezuela has been an electoral autocracy. So we've gone to elections for years and we've been developing the ways in which we can know exactly the results. In July 28th, there was an election. We had a candidate, Maria Corina macha. She was disqualified the same way I was disqualified years ago. So we had another candidate at Mundo Gonzalez. He was unknown three months before the election, but he became known by everybody.


And on the 28th of July, he won with 70% of the vote. The decision of Maduro was to steal the election, but we were able to prove with elements of every single voting machine that we actually won. Maduro decided to have a repression all over the country. We went to the election with 300 political prisoners. Now there are maybe 200, 2,500 political prisoners. I wake up every day to get a message from someone from my movement who has been taken to prison. But that's a situation now. But I can assure you that we will be free because one thing is to think that you are a majority and a very different one is to know everybody knows that we are a huge majority, and that will not be sustainable for Maduro because we will never surrender and we'll Be free.


Okay, so we were just chatting backstage and you mentioned that today is a very special day. And I wonder, If, you can tell us what today is for you. Well, today it's the, the, the fourth anniversary of me meeting my family, three quarters of who I am, my beautiful wife, Lillian, and my three kids, Manela, who's now 15. Leo, who's 11, and Federica, who is one. And I had not seen them for almost two years. I not seen my kids and, and my wife. And that's a day exactly four years ago when after I escaped, I met them back in, in Spain.


So it's, it's an important day for us and I'm very grateful that Lillian is, is the woman who's the mother of my kids because she was an incredible mom, mother while I was away. And she was an incredible advocate for the freedom of all political prisoners when I Was in prison. Leo, you're an icon. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Leo Lopez. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool from Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law, not available in all states.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics, all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That Was Leah Polo Lopez at TED Next 2024. TED next is our brand new conference, exploring what's next and propelling future you to drive change at every level from personal to global. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet.


Thanks for listening. Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones, we're thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey. While based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics, all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more On the TED radio hour. Clinical psychologists, John and Julie Gottman are marriage experts.


And after studying thousands of couples, they have found Couples who were successful, had a really different way of talking to one another when there was a disagreement or a conflict. How to be brave in our relationships. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR, subscribe and listen to the TED Radio Hour, wherever you get your podcasts.