
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I know I'm not alone and feeling unmotivated more often than I'd like in her 2023 talk. Social psychologist Ayelet Fishbach shares the science we need to maintain motivation and the surprising findings that we can all put to use to do better when it comes to reaching our goals. That's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast. Two. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwee.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual life insurance company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin,


and now our TED talk of the day. A good friend has recently shared that she's feeling tired. Like really tired, not I did not get enough sleep tired, but something deeper than that. She said she feels, and I'm quoting as if I have lost my motivation. She, I call her brave because she's so clearly dedicated to her job and conducts herself with professionalism and and kindness. She's a wonderful parent who cares for her children and she's very responsible when it gets to her finance and health. She's not alone in feeling unmotivated.


Millennial and Gen Z employees tell me that they feel uninspired at work. Some admit that they just don't care. Half of American employees are currently looking for a different job. Think about that. All their employees tell me that they can't wait to retire. And when I ask about life at home, people say that they struggle with their finance and health. You, the national data suggests that chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart disease are on the rise.


That median American family has only beat over $5,000 in savings, barely enough to pay next month rent. Did America lose its motivation? Well, the answer is no. Turn out. You cannot lose your motivation because you never owned it in the first place. Motivation. And that shouldn't surprise you. Isn't your car key or wallet? So what is it? Well, motivation is not about being strong.


It's about being wise. Let me explain. You may think of motivation as a muscle thinking. Some people have strong motivation muscles, others are weak. But this is not a good metaphor. Motivation is knowledge. You learn how to be motivated. And so today I would like to help each of you in America become wiser so that you are more motivated and hence better able to achieve your goals, your dreams, your aspirations, and giving what the world has been throwing at you.


That might be a good time to refresh your knowledge to be motivated. You either change the situation or the way you think about the situation. This is the science. In one sentence, you change the circumstances or the way you think about the circumstances. So, if you want to be more physically active, there is no point in yelling at yourself. I yell at you should walk more. Instead, I got a puppy. She loves long walks. Your journey starts with setting a goal.


My friend wanted to be motivated at work, so she identified a project she wanted to complete. That was a goal and it's a good motivation. Strategy, goals, lio the problem. My friend identified a project she wish she had already completed, not something she was looking forward to doing. If. you ever set a goal you wish you had already completed but had less interest in actually completing? Most goals are abandoned because we want to be the person who has done it, not the person who is currently doing it.


When we are excited about doing the work, we are intrinsically motivated. We care about the way almost as much as we are looking forward to the destination. In our research, we found that most goals are abandoned, not because they're not important. Okay? People actually are not more likely to adhere to their important compared to unimportant goals. Most all are abandoned because people don't enjoy pursuing it. Your enjoyment is what predicts whether you will stick with the goal. So what makes goals exciting?


Exciting goals are never a chore or a meal. Ever wondered why Chicago diners would circle the block for 30 minutes looking for free parking, but will not think twice before spending the money they have just saved on parking, on ordering another cocktail. Why pay for drinks and not for parking? Well, we don't like to pay for parking or shipping. Students don't like to study for prerequisite classes because all because all these are means we don't like to invest in means. We did a study that showed us just how much you dislike to invest in means.


In our study, we auctioned a book for some people and then we auctioned the University of Chicago tote bag to other people. The average person was willing to pay $23 for the book, but only $12 for the tote bag. The catch the tote bag contained the book and people knew it. Why would the people that were beating on a to bag that contain a book be willing to pay less? Well, we don't like to invest in means.


Okay, so you said a goal that is intrinsically motivated. You are excited about the way just as much as you want to reach the destination. A couple of weeks past and you have not been doing much lately. It is now being four or six months and your motivation is on the decline. How do you sustain your motivation? How do you get from here to there? Well, motivation is going to be high when we just start on something and toward the end, but it will decline in the middle.


We call it the middle problem. My friend might start her project with much enthusiasm. Then a motivation will decline toward the deadline. It'll pick up again. She will regain a motivation. A few years ago, we asked people to observe the Hanukah holiday to let us know whether they were lighting the first candle of the first night. Okay, the second or the second night. The third night. So on until the eighth night. As You can see, most people admitted to only lighting the candles on the first and last night. They were procrastinating in the middle. The solution make middles short.


A monthly exercise goal, a weekly exercise goal, even a daily exercise goal are easier because as the end is near, it is easier to stay motivated if only Hanukah was just two nights. And now back to the episode. Another problem with middles is that you are going to experience setbacks. And when experiencing setbacks, it is natural to feel discouraged. One wise solution is to remove your ego out of the picture.


It's not about it. When you remove your ego, it is easier to learn. When I was helping my 10-year-old son win a video game, he awarded me the title A failure expert. I I love this title. Why am I a failure expert? Because I don't mind getting killed by virtual monsters. He doesn't mind seeing me getting beaten by virtual monsters. So we can both learn at work. When you're not quite killing it, remove your ego and you will be better able to learn.


Another solution is to seek discomfort if only temporarily instead of trying to avoid it. When you seek discomfort temporarily, you realize that You can grow yourself. That discomfort is a sign of growth. No pain, no gain is not just about the gym. It's a general wise motivation strategy. Let me tell you about a study that we conducted with Chicago's beloved improvisation club. The second city we worked with their training center, which is where regular people like you and me go to Leon Improvisation.


We were specifically interested in one exercise, give focus. In this exercise, one person gets the center of stage. Everybody else is frozen in place. Okay, this person is moving around. Everybody else is watching. We invited some people to feel awkward and uncomfortable as they went through the exercise. Others in the control group were invited to develop those skills. Who was more daring taking the stage for longer? Well, as You can see, it was the people that we invited to feel uncomfortable in one wave of classes, asking people to feel uncomfortable, double the time they took focus.


Those people were also more daring. For example, they were dancing a little engine instead of just walking around. And they also reported they were growing themselves more compared to those in the control group. Okay, but here's the problem. You don't only have one goal. For my friend, the challenge was balancing between work and family. Now, If, you have not experienced the work family conflict. You either don't have a job or that you forgot that you also have a family.


But it is wiser to think about these goals as balancing each other. When my friend realized that doing well at work makes her a better family member, she was more motivated and happier to do both. Think about your cause. Like dishes around the buffet table. You can create the perfect combination. It is colorful, delicious, well balanced. Maybe you exercise on the way to work. Maybe you listen to an audiobook while you, you do that. Other combinations don't work very well.


They might feel like a waffle covered with pasta sauce. If. you try to study for the bar exam while no talking to a friend and watching tv. This is destructive. You need to find the right combination. Some people might decide to pursue one goal at a time. This is unrealistic, at least sometimes you can't wait for retirement to start a family. So look for the right balance and harmony. Some goals, let's call them temptations, should take less warm on your plate. However, instead of trying to push them out of mind, it might be wise to anticipate them in advance.


When you anticipate all the alcohol that will be served here later today, You can better control your consumption. When I anticipate that my colleague is going to be upset, I can better control my emotion In a heated debate at work, when we anticipate temptations, we are less tempted when we get there. In one study, when we we minded employees of all the times, they will be tempted to take office supply for personal use. They were less likely to do that compared to those in the control group. Anticipating temptations make you prepared and hence less tempted.


Alright, what about the person sitting next to you? Look at them for a second. I will be waiting here. How can that person help? Your friends, your family, and other people that you love are critical for your motivation. They're your lighthouse and you are also important for them. Let me tell you a love story that resulted in four Nobel prizes. When Marie met Pierre Kiy, she did not only meet the love of her life, she met the person who pushed her to excel in her work on the theory of radio activity, and who later insisted that she will be named on the joint Nobel Prize.


That was her first, the second Nobel Prize. She won by herself with no man by her side. The couple had two daughters, and they wanted them to excel. Their oldest. Iran won a Nobel Prize with our husband, as was the tradition in the QI family. Their youngest, even by far, the most autistic person in the QI family, married someone, won the Nobel Prize and excelled in many other ways. The QE family did not only teach us about radio activity, they taught us the importance of feeling supported and supporting others in pursuing goals in your life, you walk with other people, maybe together you take care of your pet, you walk in the presence of other people.


Maybe those are the people in your gym club. So in your book club, you hold goals for others, they hold goals for you. This might be a good time to say thank you to the person sitting next to you. I will be waiting here. Give them a pat on the shoulder. My friend came to me, not only because I am a motivation scientist, but also because I'm her friend. And as such, I wanted her to be successful. You may wonder what happened to her. Well, she stayed at her job. Last time I saw her, her smile seemed bigger.


She did not find her motivation. She learned how to motivate yourself. And so now America, you did not lose your motivation. Each of you is working hard, pursuing your dreams, balancing that the different aspects of your life, and it is so important, especially in the world we live in today. So when you feel discouraged, when you feel unmotivated, remember, motivation is not about being strong. It is about being wise. And now we are all wiser. Thank you. Thanks.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo s host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Ayelet Fish Box speaking at TEDx Chicago in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner. Daniella Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.