
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Spencer J Cox is the Republican governor of the state of Utah in the United States, and he says that even in these deeply polarized times, it's possible to disagree without hate or contempt. He shows how this idea sparked a campaign ad he made with his Democratic candidate counterpart back in 2020 and shares four practical things every one of us can do every day to heal the divides in our nations and neighborhoods after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about in a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDC


Support for this show comes from Brooks Running. My friends at Brooks sent me the amazing new Ghost sixteens. I don't know about y'all, but having new shoes, especially really lightweight ones that I like, get me out there. It's like enough motivation just to have that soft cushioning. You can take your daily joy ride in these better than ever Go sixteens now with nitrogen infused DNA loft V three cushioning, so lightweight, so soft, it'll help you turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Visit Brooks Running dot com to learn more.


Support for the show comes from Mint Mobile. You know when you discover a new show that's worth binging or a song that you play on repeat, and you have to share it with your friends so they can experience how awesome it is just as you have. That's kind of what it feels like when you discover that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for $15 a month. When you purchase a three month plan, it's such an awesome deal. There's no way that you can keep it to yourself, and that's why I am telling you all about it. Say bye-Bye to your Overpriced Wireless plan and switch to Mint Mobile. All plans come with high-speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. To get this new customer offer and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mint mobile.com/talks. That's mint mobile.com/talks. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month@mintmobile.com slash talks. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply seem Mint mobile for details.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to side door, wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/side door.


And now our TED Talk of the day. In 1967, Ronald Reagan became the governor of the State of California In, his inaugural address. He talked about the peaceful transfer of power, something he described as the simple magic of the commonplace routine, which makes it a near miracle to many of the world's inhabitants. He, he then went on to utter an iconic phrase that would be repeated by politicians for decades to come. Freedom is a fragile thing he said, and it's never more than one generation away from extinction. Now, like countless others, I have used that quote many times, but I have a confession to make.


I never really believed it. Surely after 250 years of this stuff, we no longer have to worry about losing it. I'm, I'm, I'm not pleased to report that I actually believe it. Now, the, the first cracks in my confidence came during one of those commonplace routines of transferring power as, as Lieutenant Governor of the state of Utah. It was my duty to certify the votes of the electors for the presidential election. The while the meeting to do so was open to the public, it was so commonplace and routine that no one ever showed up. As I walked into the room, I was stunned to see dozens of angry protestors screaming that the election had been stolen and demanding that we violate state law and change the votes of the electors.


Now I know what you're all thinking, and you're probably wrong. This was not 2020, this was 2016, and the protesters were Hillary Clinton supporters. Now, it got far worse somehow four years later with the election in less than two months away, a friend and I were talking and lamenting about the state of our, our country, following a, a summer of destructive protests by the extreme left and an extreme right that was already undermining the validity of an election that hadn't even happened yet.


Isn't there something you can do? She asked. Well, that question haunted me all weekend, so I picked up the phone and called my opponent. By the way, I was running for governor at the same time that the Trump and Biden were battling for the presidency. I called my opponent a, a democrat named Chris Peterson, whom I respected, and, and I said, Hey, Chris, this is Spencer Cox. I have a crazy idea. What if we filmed a campaign ad together? I could almost hear the confused look for me on his face. To his credit, he agreed, and one week later we were in a studio together.


I'm Chris Peterson. And I'm Spencer Cox. We are currently in the final days of campaigning against each other to be your next governor. And While I think you should vote for me, yeah, But, but really you should vote for me. There Are some things we both agree on. We can debate issues without degrading each other's character. We can disagree without hating each other And win or lose. In Utah, we work together, so let's show the Country that there's a Better way. My name's Chris Peterson, and I'm Spencer Cox, and we approve this message. Well, the, the response was instantaneous and overwhelming.


The ad went viral. Neither of us saw it coming. There were media requests from all over the world, millions of views and shares. Perhaps there really is an exhausted majority. I remember thinking to myself, and maybe this is the message they want to hear, I could actually feel my faith in the American idea start to rekindle the, the popularity of the ad validated my hope that most people really do want their political leaders to uphold the values that we teach our kids, that we can disagree without hate and contempt even that, that we can find ways to treat each other with respect even when we disagree.


It seemed like there was a hunger for architects instead of arsonists. My hunch was confirmed. One year later when a professor submitted a version of our ad to the Stanford Polarization and Social Change Lab as part of a huge depolarization experiment, it was chosen as one of 25 interventions to be tested on over 30,000 people. The result, our ad actually had a measurable depolarization effect, including a, a reduction in urges towards violence.


It turns out there really are things that we can do to alter the trajectory of the United States. Now, look, I I get it. It's easy to feel a little hopeless as Americans once again barrel towards an election with unsatisfying candidates and campaigns. But there is good news. Over the past six months, 20 governors from all across the country have filmed similar ads, most of them with a public servant from the opposing party, and the data continues to show that people really are hungry for something different. According to polling from more in common, 70% of Americans hate the divisiveness in politics, and it it also turns out that Americans aren't as far apart as we think we are.


The problem isn't how far apart the average Republican and the average Democrat is on the actual issues. In fact, we're not much different than other Western democracies. The problem is how far apart we think we are do in large part, to conflict entrepreneurs in both the, the media and and politics. Both sides overestimate the extremism on the other side by about 30%. Now, interestingly, this perception gap is actually strongest among, per progressive activists on the left and amongst extreme conservatives on the right. So the people most engaged in the political process also have the most inaccurate views of the other side.


And now back to the episode. But perhaps the best news of all is that there are very practical things that every one of us can do every day to help heal the divides in our nations and our neighborhoods. First, we can start by turning off and tuning out some of those conflict entrepreneurs. My, my wife and I, we stopped watching cable news 11 years ago and immediately saw an improvement in our marriage, our family, and our mental health. Now, that always elicits a laugh, but we are not alone.


Studies have found that more time spent on the latest headlines, whether through social media or traditional media outlets, is really bad for our mental health. Psychologists refer to this phenomenon in different ways, like media saturation overload or doom scrolling or headline anxiety. You see more news on all the time isn't making us smarter. It's just stressing us out. Second, we can spend more time preferably offline with real people who are different than us. In the words of Brian Stevenson, proximity will empower you.


You, you see, it's just harder to hate up close. To. Tell me more about why you feel that way is a magical request. 20 years ago, we rarely identified each other by our political identities. First, as as for me, I'm a I'm a father. I'm an NBA fan. I am a terrible aspiring bassist in a band. I I'm a utan, I I'm an American. How, how about you? You see, if we look beyond our political tribes, we can actually find shared identities and friendships that unite instead of divide.


Now, third, we can serve others. Service and volunteering help build up communities and improve our outlook on life and the, the people around us. Some forms of regular volunteering have even been associated with lower blood pressure. There is nothing better for the soul or society than giving back. Aristotle really was onto something what he described, the, and summed up the essence of life as serve others and do good. Fourth, and finally, we can work to develop the classical political virtues of humility, patience, and moderation without which, as John Adams explained, we all become ravenous beasts of prey.


Now, look, I, I know it's almost laughable to talk about words like humility and political discourse, but I truly believe that it is the only way for us to remember how to disagree without hate and contempt. In the words of judge learned hand, who so eloquently stated, the true spirit of liberty is the spirit which is not too sure it is right. The spirit of liberty is the spirit which seeks to understand the minds of other men and women. And I started with a quote from Ronald Reagan.


He went on to say that freedom is not ours by way of inheritance. It must be fought for and defended constantly by each generation. For it comes only once to a people. And those in history who have known freedom and then lost it, have never known it again. Ladies and gentlemen, it is our solemn duty in our generation to once again secure the freedoms endowed to all of us from on high. We cannot wait for politicians or the media to do it. It will take real work, hard work by each of us, but we must remember how to disagree.


Without hate, we, we must rise up and meet that radical call to love our enemies, even especially our political opponents. It's, it's not an, it's not an easy answer, but it is a simple one. If we really want to change the world, we have to start by changing our own hearts.


Thank you.


Tux Daily is brought to you by Progressive. Progressive helps you compare direct auto rates from a variety of companies so you can find a great one, even if it's not with them. Quote today@progressive.com to find a rate that works with your budget, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-Prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge, so remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Spencer J Cox at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner. Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PR.