
Race. The Rudder Race. The Sails race. The Sails Captain. An Unidentified ship is approaching Over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Instacart is on a mission to have you not leave the couch this basketball season because between the pre-game rituals and the post-game interviews, it can be difficult to find time for everything else. So let Instacart take care of your game day snacks or weekly restocks and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because we hear it's bad luck to be hungry on game day. So download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants If you are a parent or share a fridge with someone. Instacart is about to make grocery shopping so much easier because with family carts you can share a cart with your partner and each add the items you want since between the two of you. Odds are you'll both remember everything you need. And this way you'll never have to eat milk with cereal again. So minimize the stress of the weekly shop with family carts. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today's talk is a TED Fellows film adapted for podcasts. Just for our TED Talks Daily listeners, Ted's Fellowship supports a network of global innovators and we're so excited to share their work with you today. We'd like you to meet human rights Champion Monica Malta. Monica is a mental health researcher working at the ground level in Brazil, advocating for people who are often most marginalized. She shares why it's so crucial for research in these communities to be participatory and how this work is helping address serious social challenges for those who need it most.


It was December, 1996 in close to a hundred degrees Fahrenheit in Rio, Brazil. December is really hot in there. I was sitting in the waiting room and couldn't help but notice the loving couples holding hands, discussing nursery plans, baby names. I sat in the chair alone with my 5-year-old daughter filling the kicks of my unborn child in my belly. I was uninsured unemployed, living with my parents and eight month pregnant, I wasn't even 30, but radio survival of a 10 year marriage where violence was the daily norm. After broken bones in broken dreams, it cemented my life, couldn't get worse or saw a thought.


When my doctor called me, I noticed her serious expression and felt a chill down my spine. And then she asked me, are you faithful? I thought, wait, what? What the heck? And I just kept staring at her with a glaze look on my face, unaware of what was going on. She insisted, are you faithful? Do you have relationships other than with your husband? And then I told her once again that I had just divorced it from my abuser, was living with my parent and little daughter eight months pregnant, definitely not thinking about a candlelight date. And then she said, the thing is you have aids.


And by reading your exams, I gotta tell you, you won't survive to raise this child globally, one in three women face physical or sexual violence at some point in their lives. A number that has remained unchained over the past decade. And just like me, woman who experienced domestic violence are three times more likely to get HIV usually from their abuser. But here's the thing. Most of the research done to address this problem is led by academics with minimal input or participation from the woman facing this terrible reality with a traditional top down approach to research. Academics with more power and resources swoop into save communities with strategies and questions that often end up perpetuating biases and stigma against the very people they want to assist.


This leaves them feeling ashamed, it confuse it, diminish it. There is also a risk of not getting to the root of the problem. How can we fix community's challenges? If they can provide any input? Aren't they the best experts of their own lives and experiences? I came to understand this firsthand, both doing my experience with my doctor on that day and through my own professional journey. First of all, my doctor was wrong. It is 2024 and I'm still here 28 years later. I was sick for a long time, but eventually I got better and leave it long enough to become a woman's right activist, a professor and a scientist.


And in honor to the countless woman who did not survive domestic violence and hiv aids. I wanted to use my science to make a difference in the lives of others like me. But that meant changing the way science was done in the first place. Back in grad school, I got this very neat research project I was gonna help improve the lives and health of sex workers from Brazil. So I hit the streets to interview them. The main question I was supposed to ask, how often do you have sex without a condom? Pretty soon I realized I was way off base. The real worry was not condoms. The real fear was getting into a car with a client and not making it out alive. This eventually led me to adopt community participatory research strategies.


That's a fancy name for a way to do science that really includes affected communities working with and for them. From the planning stage to the implementation of strategies, evaluations of community participatory research are ongoing, but some authors found it has a greater long-term impact compared to more traditional methods. This is probably due to this comprehensive data collection that really includes the unique perspectives of community members allowing us to better understand complex social and health issues. I saw this impact firsthand in my work with the queer community. From Brazil, we formed an advisory board representing diverse regions and populations and working together to develop the questionnaire, conduct the surveys.


What we found was that queer Brazilian were facing high rates of bullying, violence, school dropout poverty, and mental health struggles. So we partnered with local organizations to implement strategies such as preparing a free college preparation course and entrepreneurship training. These strategies developed to break the cycle of social exclusion and poverty. After seven years, our own tracking shows that more than 80% of preparing students continue their education receiving a college or university degree. The vast majority of those participating in entrepreneurship trainings either launch, launching new businesses, or improve existing ones To address bullying and violence.


We develop the rise at again in close collaboration with the community. The app has features like a panic button, safe route mapping, mental health screening 24 7. Crisis support has thousands of users, many of whom have shared with us how the app has literally saved their lives. Help is just a push away. Every single strategy we were able to bring to reality was developed, implemented, tested, revised, in close, collaboration with the community. This is in essence what community participatory research is. I know as a survivor myself that we want to be at the table.


We want to co-create change in our own communities, but that's my own reality. And the singular experience of a domestic violence survivor from Rio is different from sex workers, from Argentina, indigenous women from the Amazon Bay, people living with hiv aids, from Uganda, Mozambique, Kenya. To work with those communities. I also had to humble myself and listen, truly listen to each community needs realities, priorities, and I have learned so much. I've cried and laughed a lot. I have met amazing, resilient, powerful humans, and together we developed new services, improved existing ones, and even helped to change local and national legislations.


But I was not their savior. They were their own heroes. That was TED Fellow Monica Malta. To learn more about the TED Fellows program and watch all of the TED Fellows films, go to fellows dot TED dot com and that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. Missouri does fine jewelry differently. They're all about buying for yourself where you decide the occasion. Everything is handcrafted with quality, craftsmanship, and responsible sourcing in mine. So these are pieces you can feel good about in more ways than one plus. There are so many designs you can mix and match to create a stack for every look, shop, in store, in app, or online@missouri.com today.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply


Forever. Change the way you sleep with the softest 100% organic cotton sheets from Boland Branch, you'll fall asleep faster wrapped in the most luxurious comfort. You'll never sleep hot again. With sheets that feel airy and breathable, you'll experience the purest softness on night one and feel your sheets get even softer with every wash. Take 20% off your first set of sheets during Boll and Branches annual spring event@boandbranch.com with code buttery limited time only exclusions apply. See site for details.