
Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ ad-free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app on your iPhone today, subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates. As of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, U ssa, salt Lake City branch terms, and more at Apple Card dot com.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Term supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We all have different ways of feeling and managing anxiety. For me, my anxiety shows up in irritability and generally I just want it to go away. I'm not alone. A lot of us think of anxiety as something to fix or work to get rid of, but In his 2024 talk, clinical psychologist David Rosmarin asks us to consider the positive role anxiety can play in our lives. Instead of being our worst enemy, he shares actionable ways we can turn anxiety into a trusted ally. That's right. It's coming up.


So I vividly remember my first anxiety attack. It's kinda like I feel right now. Is that hot in here? It's hot in here. This wave of fear crashed over me and my heart started to pound my breathing got ahead of me and outta control. My face felt hot. It's hot in here, right? Yeah, it's hot. And I got doused in this really uncomfortable cold sweat. It was a life changing moment because I made a decision right there and then to dedicate my career to ridding our world of this, this feeling anxiety.


So that was more than two decades ago, work in progress. I became a clinical psychologist. I became a professor. I started an anxiety treatment center, and then I realized some point along the way that eradicating anxiety from our lives would not be beneficial. Sometimes anxiety interferes with your life. That's clinical anxiety. And yes, you do want to get rid of that clinical anxiety with the help of a professional. But other times, many times it's uncomfortable. It's uncontrollable. Did I mention a tot in here?


It's intense, but that's a good thing. It's a good thing. Many of the greatest leaders, it's human history. Certainly in recent history, they were forged in in a cauldron of anxiety. Once early In his career, sir Winston Churchill, he froze for three full minutes in the House of Commons, giving a speech. He fought against his phobia, faced his fears head on, and he went on to become one of the greatest orators of the 20th century. In the 1990s, after a box office flop Oprah Winfrey, she turned to food to drown out her feelings, to suppress her emotions.


She ended up feeling emotionally numb for six weeks. And during that period of great anxiety, she learned the importance of letting go of her expectations for success. And she went on to become a media icon. And speaking of icons, the first time Taylor Swift sang the national anthem at a football game, she felt paralyzed with fear. What she learned is to share her feelings with others, listen to her lyrics. Many of them speak about her own anxiety, and now, well, apparently she can shake it off.


Anxiety is an emotion like any other emotion, and it can do so much good for you. It can increase your resilience, it can strengthen your relationships. It can help you to let go. When I first met Nicole, she had hypochondriasis, which is clinical health anxiety. Despite numerous MRIs. To the contrary, she was convinced that she had an aneurysm. Nicole's biggest fear was that her anxiety would spike, her brain would explode, and she would drop dead, which would not be good. Nicole started to withdraw from daily activities, and she recognized rightfully that she needed professional help.


So she came in. Nicole overcame her obsessions with exposure therapy. She faced her fear, she embraced them head on in order to build resilience. She read stories about aneurysms. She watched videos about aneurysms. She went to a local neurology ward. Nicole overcame her obsessions, and she graduated from therapy. I was so happy and so proud of her. And then a couple years later, the phone rang. Nicole tells me she's pregnant with a baby boy, but the doctors told her that he would probably die because an ultrasound revealed that he had an aneurysm.


Now, given Nicole's history, I thought she would fall apart, but she didn't. She didn't. The baby needed life-saving surgery shortly after birth. And Nicole, understandably and very appropriately was very anxious during the surgery as the doctors operated, but she stuck with it and so did he. Today he's a healthy, thriving little boy, and also really cute, by the way. Really cute, cute kid. And Nicole, she is a super resilient mom because she faced anxiety. You are a lot more like Nicole than you think. There have been many times in your life where you too embraced anxiety.


When you embraced the discomfort. When you persevered, although you felt panicky and worried. And you've done this because deep in your heart, you know that you cannot get rid of all of your anxiety, and it will always be uncomfortable. And that's why pushing against it creates mental muscle tone, which you need to crest over life's hurdles. With grace, it can be difficult to love someone who has anxiety, and it's probably even more hard, more difficult to receive it, but, but deep human connection, deep emotional connections between people requires vulnerability.


So anxiety can be used to create intimacy. Think about it in your own life, who are the people who you feel closest to? Usually it's those who you've opened up to about your anxiety in some way. I myself, this is gonna be hard, but I'll try. I'm terrified of failure. I'm terrified of professional failure, And I struggle with vulnerability. In some ways, this propelled me and fueled my drive for professional success, but it created distance in my relationships.


When I first met my wonderful, wonderful wife, Mary, I put up a wall and I didn't speak enough about my feelings, and I submerged my anxiety by focusing on my work, right? Pretty classic, right? You don't need to be a psychotherapist to figure that one out. Of course, the feelings didn't go away. We all have this like chef in the back of our emotional kitchen. Well, my chef cooked up these entrees of edginess, right side orders of criticism and a whole bunch of other dishes that I'm not gonna speak about in public.


But Mary thankfully stuck with me. And more importantly, she consistently showed me that she would never judge me if I failed. Eventually, I got the message, took a while, but that unconditional love that I received allowed me to take the plunge, dropped my guard hard, lower my defenses, and identify what I was afraid of, and to share it with her. I think it's the hardest thing I ever did my whole life. Definitely harder than anything in the professional realm. But there's nothing more worthwhile than taking our anxiety and turning it into love.


Losing control is utterly terrifying. It's terrifying. You've, it's happened to everyone, But, but As long as you have a heads up, as long as you expect it and you're a willing participant, doesn't it feel good to let go? You don't need to be a thrill seeker to appreciate this adrenaline. A shot of it comes with pure joy, followed by this blissful tranquility, like Wow. And perhaps for that reason, even in this age of unprecedented, incredible anxiety, action and adventure movies, they make up more than 50% of box office sales.


And the most profitable genre of film is horror. It's funny Now, life isn't a movie. So it's very good to shape the world in accordance with your vision on a daily basis. It's very important that we do that. But once in a while, it's a human need to take a seat and go for a ride on the rollercoaster of life to let go. Doing so keeps your ego in check. Some people view this surrender in spiritual terms, the serenity prayer, very commonly used to cope with anxiety.


And it famously states, God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. Now, when you're ready, not before you're ready, please, but when you're ready, affirming the limits of your control, it brings inner peace. Anxiety is nothing to be ashamed of. We all have it, and it's not going away. Here are four steps that you can use to turn anxiety into your ally, not your enemy, but please, if anxiety interferes with your life, if it's clinical, don't just rely on this approach.


Get the professional help you need. If we have an agreement on that, then I'll tell you the four steps, okay? Step number one, identify many times when you feel anxious, you squelch the sensations and push them out of your mind before you've even processed what you're worried about. Stop, take a minute and ask yourself, what am I truly afraid of? Like, what really is at the bottom of my fear? If you don't know the answer, that's fine. Go for a walk and don't come back until you have an answer. Step two, share.


Speak about your anxiety with a friend, with a neighbor, with a coworker, with a stranger. I'm serious. If you're not ready for a conversation, that's fine. Text it. If it's more than a couple lines, sure. Email, press, send. Take the plunge. Be vulnerable. Step three, embrace when you feel anxious, not If you will, you will feel anxious. And when it happens, don't fight it. Don't squelch it. Let it happen. Let it ride. Let it ride.


In fact, do things that make you uncomfortable intentionally, repeatedly, as long as they're safe. That's how we build emotional resilience. And finally, my favorite four, let go, let go. Think back to step number one. What are you truly afraid of? And then when you're ready, humbly admit, even for a moment that you are not in full control of that outcome. It's scary to even think about, but it's not a bad thing. Firstly, sometimes challenges are a blessing in disguise, but even either way, Enjoy not being responsible for everything under the sun.


Okay, should I try the four steps? Yeah. I'll give it a shot. Identify. The hardest part about this talk was speaking about my anxiety in public. I was afraid you would judge me. It's really quiet in here. Did you judge me? That made me really anxious. Share. Okay, so I'm, I'm revealing this to you now because what, we've spent like 10 minutes together and I've grown to like you, so I want more of an emotional connection here, and I hope it's mutual. Okay.


Three, embrace. Okay. Do you know what it's like to stand on this red dot and to speak about like all your issues in public? It's like diving off a cliff, especially remember that part about my emotional kitchen, like that was really vulnerable for me and let go. So I'm sending this message about anxiety off into the universe. I, I hope that it will land on the hearts, minds, and souls of a broader audience. But really there's nothing I can do about that anymore. And that's okay. That's okay. So please join me. What are the four steps? Let's say them together so we remember, identify, share, embrace.


Let go. Thank you very much. That was David Rosmarin at TED X Nashville in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash, sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.


If you are glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Not only will you find a great selection of frames, you'll also meet helpful advisors and friendly optometrists. Yep. Many Warby Parker locations also offer eye exams. So the next time you need glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses, or new prescription, you know where to look. To find a Warby Parker store near you, or to book an eye exam, head over to Warby Parker dot com slash retail.