
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. A truly inspiring talk today from a public artist, Lily EZ 2024 talk shows how places that we might casually view as broken or run down can be transformed by art and help grow community. She introduces us to the village of arts and humanity after a short


break. Support comes from Zuckerman Spader through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters. Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com,


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


Wow, what is this place? Welcome to Cloud nine. How exactly did I get here you are a Toyota Crown driver and only crown drivers ever reach this level of pure bliss. The refined but elegant design makes you sit up a little straighter. It gives you a rush of confidence as soon as you're behind the wheel and a feeling of all eyes on you. That's how the ground transports you here. It's pretty awesome, right? The captivating Toyota Crown family. Toyota. Let's go places.


And now our TED talk of the day. I remember when I was young, I like to make pictures of beautiful places, but I didn't know that would become the passion of my life. I was born in China and grew up in Taiwan. When I was seven, my family had to flee to the island because of the communist takeover of the mainland. And at 15, I began studying Chinese landscape painting. And through the studies I came in contact with a very special place, which is often described as the dustless world in Chinese culture, it is a place of this world, yet it reviews the mystery of the other.


It is a place of pristine beauty and poignant serenity without the mental pollution of self-centeredness and greed and ignorance. And eventually it's a place I call home. Upon graduation from college, like many people of my generation in Taiwan, we left because of tight political control then and also the desire for further education abroad. And so I came to the state to study art and stayed ever after in the country.


Then when I received my MFA, I had a busy and flourishing life. For some time I had a family and I became a full professor and I exhibited in fine galleries, and yet I felt something essential missing in my life. Then I met Arthur Hall, a preeminent dancer and a choreographer, and he invited me to do a project in an abandoned lot next to his headquarters in an inner city neighborhood in north Philadelphia.


And to tell you the truth, at the beginning I was so afraid and actually I wanted to run away. What could little Chinese woman do in this neighborhood? Basically overtaken by poverty, crime, and violence. Then the little voice in misspoke and it says, you must rise to the occasion, otherwise the light in you will die. And so I began small at the beginning, only children came to help.


They were attracted by the spades and brooms and shovels that we set up. And slowly with donated materials, found materials. We began to make murals and sculptures and mosaics and children's laughter and joy were infectious and gradually drew in adults. And see that's how we set debates to lure people in. And then everybody became happy. Over the years, we created a series of Parks and gardens, Tree Farm, a performing arts program, festivals and the Rites of Passage program and many more.


And eventually, the little summer, our project evolved into a nonprofits arts organization called The Village of Arts and Humanities, which was surprising to me was that what the world found broken In this community, unity actually is a treasure land full of resources, energy, talent and creativity. And through working with people, I found what was missing in my life.


I knew I had to leave my tenure professorship in order to step into my life. And the wisdom, compassion, and endurance of the community guided me home to the dustless world, the wonderful place of enchantment and profound beauty. I see the village for 18 years. Then I felt the calling to bring what I have learned at the village to places in need in the world. I established another organization called The Barefoot the Artists.


Then in 2 0 4, I met Jean Bosco Muana from Rwanda in a conference in Barcelona. We began working together right away until now. Upon my first visit, he took me to see the genocide memorial near the his city Gini. And the site looked so forsaken and for long I wanted to help. Then one thing led to the other. First was the design, and then the children, and then adults came, and then it construction team, and then a series of Mosaic workshops, and then the completion of the genocide memorial.


And here I want to express my deep gratitude for to the survivors and their families who participated in the project, despite their deep grief and also to the China Road and Bridge Construction Company and the its team whose help was essential in converting my design into reality. Then in the, in early spring of 2 0 7, we dedicated the memorial to the people and the government for its safekeeping.


Then April 7th, the day of national mourning, and thousands of people walk in silence for miles to the site. Then they would line up and descend into the bone chamber, and that's where they mourn. They're dead. A survivor told me that our loved ones can come home now in dignity. When we see beauty, we see hope.


And now back to the episode. I wanted to work with the migrant community in the countryside in China for some time. And in 2 0 6, I was lucky enough to join Dandelion Middle School. Its purpose is to serve the most vulnerable, the children of migrant workers. The school was converted from an abandoned factory and it looks basic and bare and rustic. But then it's a perfect place for me and the school community to turn dilapidation into color and abundance.


And through the process, we had such fun and we have learned so much. 15 years later, facing Demolition, the school relocated and the new place is grand and modern, but cold and harsh. And so students felt estranged and unhappy. So I stepped in and created the design, the reminiscent of the gentleness in the old school. And together again with the students and teachers, we brought color, joy and intimacy to this new setting.


During Covid, I created this design, the rainbow and the Tree of life for dandelion just last fall in a period of 59 days. And with the participation of 913 teachers, students, and volunteers with our unskilled hands, but with utter dedication together we made something beyond our own expectation and something magical. And then the process, when the day it's finished and we become drunk with the exhalation and happiness and the process.


And the process unified us into one. What a deep experience. And over the years, I have come to see myself as a barefoot artist. My method is very simple. I have a bag full of art supplies and I would go to places in need and work with whoever come and join me. Together we play and create. And over the different project and experiences, I come to realize that broken places are my canvases and people's stories.


The palette and the people's imagination and talent, and the tools for new inventions. Together we envision and transform. And I also come to realize a fundamental truth. People need beauty. Not the superficial beauty, but the profound and transformative beauty. It is like fire in a dark winters night.


It is the beauty that there are soul yarns for. Our world is so broken today with the violent wars and with massive extinction of species and profound, profound human suffering. And we need this vision and energy. The beauty now more than ever may we rise to embrace the broken when act together.


I know we will have the power to transform far and wide the brokenness into beauty.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Does your AI model really know code? Its specific syntax, its structure, its logic. IBM's granite code models do they're purpose built for code and trained on 116 different programming languages to help you generate, translate, and explain code quickly. 'cause the more your AI model knows about code, the more it can help you do. Get started now at IBM dot com slash granite IBM. Let's create.


That was Lily. Yes, speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. PR.