
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, a story today of how a sack of seeds can change entire villages in her 2024 talk Green revolutionary Agnes Kalibata reminds us that farms are small businesses and she says, thinking about the support system these farm businesses need is crucial in the face of climate change that's coming up after the


break. Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks Daily is sponsored by adt. ADT knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be. Maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream and the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second. You feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on adt, visit adt.com today.


Being a change maker is tireless work. BMW knows that better than anyone constantly pushing innovation. The BMW seven series and all electric I seven removes all distraction for a rejuvenating driving experience. Enjoy the luxurious cabin with rear executive lounge seating. Transform your ride with massaging seats and enhance your atmosphere with the panoramic sky Lounge LED roof. All details have been tailored for you so you can experience the BMW seven series fully made. For those who appreciate detail by those who are obsessed with it, learn more about the innovative BMW seven series and available as a 100% electric i7@bmwusa.com.


And now our TED talk of the day. I have told this story a million times, but I'm going to tell it today again so that can help you connect with the 500 million farmers, smallholder farmers that are out there. I grew up on a small farm in Uganda where my parents were refugees from Rwanda. My parents farmed. They grew cassava, maize and potatoes. My mom dug the land and fed us. My dad never touched the who even was and my mom never complained because she felt it was her responsibility to feed the family first forward.


I got out of there at the age of around 14, thanks to the fact that my dad had been a teacher in Rwanda, but I was the exception, not the rule. And I'm here today to tell you that empowering smallholder farmers can change their lives, can nourish people, improve economies, and actually help them deal with the current challenge of climate change. When I finished school, I worked in research in in Uganda, and I got a friend of mine gave me two kilograms of seed to take to my parents. This was an improved variety. When my mom plotted it, she got 10 bags in a place where she would have usually got three bags.


Rebus, she sold some to her to feral farmers and bought herself a traditional dress. She did not have to ask my dad for money. That was the first time, and I still remember the excitement and the joy in her face like it was yesterday. But of course, she needed more seed and wanted more of the same seed. In my mind, I was like, if I can empower my farm, my mother, like I did with one one with one suck of seed, I can definitely empower whole villages. I can help send more girls to school. I still remember the pain I felt when I was told that my best friend had been married at 15 because her friends, her parents could not keep her in school.


I still think of all the girls that did not make out of my village because they didn't have the opportunities I had, and it gives me a certain yearning that actually keeps me grounded in the realities of my world. The opportunity came 15 years later when I joined Ministry of the Leadership of Ministry of Agriculture in Rwanda. Ultimately as the minister, this is not a country where you want to wake up as a minister. Farmers land holdings are the smallest in the world, at least in Africa, the country's ous farmers' LS land every season and the country was just coming out a genocide and everybody was struggling.


But did this did not water down my excitement in my mind. I was served lemons and I needed to make lemonade. I took advantage of the fact that London farmers owned their land and we designed a program to consolidate land and synchronize how farmers found without worry of land boundaries. My government put in place policies to ensure that farmers had access to seeds and to fertilizers. We put in place extension for every 500 hectares. The first season of farming was a lot of preaching and campaigning. And why would farmers want to use seeds and fertilizers?


They had, they had never seen, but by the flood season, farmers were demanding that seeds and fertilizers be de be delivered in a good time for planting. Three years in, we had a bumper harvest and it was my worst nightmare because we had not prepared for markets, I had not thought about storage and maize was everywhere. I went back to government and my government helped me working with wild food program and government procurement agencies. We were able to buy farmers produce and we worked with private sector and set up more long-term solutions through processing, restoring processing capacity. Once farmers had a market, the transformation was palpable.


I remember feeling as I walked around the country feeling that the air around me was vibrating with and excitement. My people were happy, my country was proud, and in, in the period of six years, grand was recording poverty reduction levels that were not being seen in the region and the World Bank attributed. It attributed 65% of that poverty reduction to what was happening in the agricultural sector and related by the addition. Here is the thing, 2.5 million farmers, some of the smallest in the world, were feeding 12 million people and were creating growth for themselves.


To me, this is what important smallholder farmers looks like by a new challenge layer ahead, climate change. By 2013, crop failure was becoming clear because rains were coming too late or stopping too early. I vividly remember when I went on the field visit with my president and clouds started gathering like toward rain. Fertilizers were on their way from Ukraine, and seeds were on their way from Zambia because we hadn't yet figured out how to produce seeds ourselves.


It was two months before the rains and my heart started beating in my chest. I was like, what am I going to do? Here I am. I'm going to let these farmers down again because then every drop of rain mattered. Climate change has taken away the ability of farmers to understand seasons. Farmers don't know when rains are going to come or when to plant. Farmers don't even know what crop to plant anymore. I see this in every country of the 15 countries where I now work as a grass president. Right now as we speak, southern Africa is going through one one of the worst droughts ever.


Zimbabwe has just lost 70% of their mis crop yield because of a coaching heat wave. The first ever in 40 years, Kenya has just experienced a flood that has left the land barren after farmers had planted. But our hands are not tied. There must be something we can do about it. We have tools that we can deploy. And now back to the episode. There are so many things in our capacity and our ability that we can do to empower farmers to take back their lives and be part of feeding the world.


One, we need to stop climate change strokes. Two emitting countries need to stop emitting or be prepared to pay farmers every time they lose a crop, livestock, or property. Two years ago, farmers in the east, Africa lost everything. After six consecutive seasons of drought to today, we should be able to pay those farmers using now the loss and damage fund that was launched last year at COP 28. Reversing climate change is going to take some time. In the meantime, we need to ensure that farmers have access to improved varieties of seed that need less water, good fertilizers, extension services, soil health information, climate information, and crop insurance that can help them know when to plant plant early or not to plant at all and save that seed if rains are not going to happen.


Most important, we need to ensure that farmers know the disasters are coming so that they can get out of the way. Third, we need to invest in post harvest losses so that we serve everything that comes from every season. Pix bugs designed outta Purdue University and now commercialized in most of East Africa are actually ensuring food security because they're allowing farmers to store grain for longer periods. Lastly, we need to rethink markets and how farmers access trade, especially how African farmers engage in African food markets. You recently saw European farmers demonstrate because they were worried that they were losing their market share.


African farmers lost their market share in the eighties and have never gained it. As a result, Africa produces what does not consume and consumes what does not produce. The African frequent continental trade area that has just been launched is an opportunity for us to start advancing intercontinental trade in Africa in ways that can work for African smallholder farmers. Everywhere you look in the world today, farmers are often poor, and I get it. We want food to be cheap and affordable, but we can't do this at the expense of smallholder farmers.


They are businesses too, and we want them to be successful. We want them to be successful because in Africa and parts of Asia, 70% of the food we eat, it's grown by smallholder farmers. So I would like to flip this. I would like us here, consumers, businesses, politicians, to cognize the place and role of smallholder farmers and how when we empower them, they can feed themselves, improve their livelihoods, be part of feeding 10 billion people while nourishing the planet. See, we do not recognize that farmers of the custodian, the best custodians we have of this planet, they tell the land, understand it.


They know it's what they're going to pass on to their children. They treasure it. Empowering smallholder farmers and ensuring that they are able to advance the lives of their children. Give them a shorter education like my daddy did, is what I work towards and it's what keeps me awake every night. Thank you,


TED Talks. Daily is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who save by switching save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average 12 month savings with $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge, so remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watsonx helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Agnes Kalibata speaking at Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


PRX.