
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I'm one of those people who avoids negotiations because talking about money can make me uncomfortable. But law Professor Alex Carter has a totally different and helpful way of thinking about negotiation in her 2024 talk. How negotiations don't have to be awkward and how to do it to achieve optimal outcomes after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. An independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual life Insurance Company, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin,


and now our TED talk of the day. The most important things I know about negotiation, I learned in a kayak on my honeymoon. Picture this, I arrive in Hawaii and I look adoringly at my brand new husband. As we get in a two person kayak together for a river tour, then things go wrong fast. You see in a two person kayak, the passenger in the back, usually the larger passenger is supposed to drive using their paddles.


Well, I didn't like how he was driving, so I decided to drive my own way. And exactly at the moment, I thought I had taken over. We flipped over three separate times. Apparently we set a record, so I get back in the kayak now dripping wet when our guide up ahead turns back and says, okay folks, let's negotiate these things to the left, 'cause you're gonna hit that beach up ahead.


Negotiate the kayak. In that moment, I realized that although I had been teaching negotiation for a few years already, I had missed something important and I was not alone. A lot of us have misconceptions about negotiation. We are taught that it's a battle over money, that it involves losing. So we either fear it or we avoid it altogether. In fact, 54% of us didn't negotiate our last salary.


That's from research, by the way. I'm not actually seeing into your souls. The fact is that before that guide, I had never heard anyone use the word negotiate that way before. I too had absorbed this message that it was a contest of wills. You, you know, like five minutes earlier when I dunked us in the river. But there's another way to think about it, isn't there? When I negotiate my kayak toward a beach, what am I doing? I am steering.


Today I want to share five lessons about negotiation that just might change your life. And the first is this negotiation is simply steering. It is any conversation in which you are steering a relationship, and it's so much more than the money conversations. You know, just like a kayak where we wanna steer consistently to get to our goal. We can be steering our relationships almost every minute of the day.


You know, when I got back from that honeymoon, I looked around and I saw opportunities to negotiate everywhere I could be getting to know my bosses better so that I understood what they prioritized most. I could be calling my clients regularly and asking them what was new in their businesses, and I realized something powerful. If we intentionally focused on the everyday steering, what happens when we do get to the money conversations, we are more likely to be successful. Which brings me to lesson two, curious people make more money.


There's one negotiation technique that most of us are not using. So years ago, a professor set people up to negotiate as part of a study. Only 7% of those people achieved the optimal outcome. What did they do? Well, they didn't lead with their points. They asked questions first. Bottom line, in negotiation, you get more by asking questions than you do by arguing, but not just any questions. That 7%, they asked open questions, questions that uncovered the other person's needs, concerns, and goals.


And most of us aren't great at that. When I teach people about asking questions, I say, okay, I've just taken a trip. What can you ask me to get some good information? Top two questions they ask. I bet you could guess number one. Where did you go? Reno? No. Did you have a good time? Yeah. Two closed questions. Two one word answers. So what's the best question? Well, it's a little bit of a trick because technically the best question of all doesn't end with a question mark.


It's tell me all about your vacation. Tell me is the biggest question you can ask. And it is the most powerful first question. In any negotiation at work or at home with the hiring manager, tell me how the company sees the salary range for this position with your teenager. Tell me what's making you ask for a $50 a week Allowance, tell me, gets you the most information, but it also builds trust so it creates the best deals.


And now back to the episode, lesson three, the negotiation starts before the negotiation starts. Most people don't know that every negotiation actually comes in two parts. The second part we all know about, that's where we're sitting down with someone else. But that first part, that's what I call the mirror because we have to negotiate with ourselves first before we negotiate with anyone else.


And it's the most critical part of the negotiation too, because if we don't get this right, the negotiation stops there. We don't ask. We get confused about our priorities. We shut ourselves down before we give anybody else the chance. If, you want to master the mirror to try asking yourself, how have I handled something like this successfully before? Did you know that research shows? If we think about a time and write it down, that we achieved great results before we go into negotiate, we are more likely to negotiate.


Well, why? Because we remind ourselves of who we are at our most powerful, and we also gather data on strategies that are likely to work for us. Lesson four, land the plane. I worked with a brilliant sales executive who sometimes would lose deals because he talked too much. He'd ask a great question and then he would get scared of the silence, so he would eat it up with his words. What do you need to get this done here today? Well, I know our price point might be a little bit higher than that of our competitors, but I think If, you go ahead and look at our customer reviews.


Wanna know the secret to great deals? Shut up. Recent research found that leaving a period of silence in negotiation not only made it more likely that the other person would give you a high value move, but it also came across as collaborative. So how much silence? I just did it three and a half seconds. See, you were nervous, but we all survived.


That's what I call landing the plane. Ask your question, make your proposal, and then zip it. And finally, lesson five, make your adversary your partner. It's 3:00 AM and you have five hours to go before the entire world is expecting you and several other countries to announce a peace deal. But right now you have a problem because one of the other country's diplomats has left the building and is down in the parking lot, threatening to drive away because he feels disrespected.


This was the situation that one of the diplomats I work with faced, but a lot of us face things like this in our everyday negotiations. So much of the popular wisdom talks about our adversary, our opponent. Well, in most everyday negotiations, that adversary at the bargaining table becomes our partner. Once that deal is done, the boss who holds the keys to your raise, once you get it, you're working together or that home contractor you're negotiating with over your kitchen.


Once you settle on a price, you're trusting her to build a room. You're gonna love for years to come. And even when your spouse might feel like an opponent, well, you're still sleeping in the same bed at the end of the day. That diplomat I worked with, he walked out of the building down to the parking lot and he approached the man who had left. He said to him, we are on the same side. He listened. Eventually, the two men walked together back into that building, and later they announced that peace deal.


My negotiation motto is this, I never request I recruit. I don't want to Talks Odoo someone across the table. I want to pull them around with questions to my side of the table so that we are now co-conspirators working toward the same goal. Negotiation is not a battle. It is simply steering. And if we lead with curiosity about ourselves and about others, we won't just create great deals, we'll create great relationships along the way.


Speaking of which, you might be wondering what happened after the honeymoon? Well, I'm glad to report that my husband and I have been happily steering together for 18 years, just not in a kayak. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch o omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Alex Carter speaking at TEDx Reno in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esef, oos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. PRX.