
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City Branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Hey, it's Mark Marin from WTF Here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance and I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it. Well choose Progressives name your price tool and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com and now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law not available in all states.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Term supply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, the inhabitants of Gooner, a large fishing village in Gambia in West Africa. Thought the arrival of a new fish mill would bring huge improvements to their lives, more jobs, more opportunities, more support for fishermen. Instead, inside of a year, they started to notice there were fewer fish and more polluted waters. In this talk environmental activist, Laman Jassi shares the story of his troubling investigation into what happened in this village and what's at stake for the future of Gambia and beyond. If the fish don't return, Let me tell you a story about stalling fish.


My name is Laja. I am a trained teacher, community leader, coastal and marine environment activist. I am a native of the biggest fishing village in The Gambia West Africa. There are an estimated 25,000 inhabit habitat. Most of the people here are connected to fishing in way. In 2016, a fish mill factory started operations at gun fish landing site. We thought it'll bring improvements to our life. After just one year, we began to realize a dramatic change in our fish supply.


There were fewer and fewer fish. As an environmental activist, I started to investigate it quickly become clear that because of this fish mill factories, we are experiencing an un unusual shortage of fish. I also came to understand that fish mill factory was accepted by our village leadership because of the host of viable economic promises they made, such as providing 600 good jobs constructing main road that links the village to the this landing site and building fish market for the community.


All of these promises are not fulfilled up to this very day and this clearly tell us that this fish mill factory is not to the trusted and most of their information are false. I also came to know that the main raw material for this factory are fresh, small PAG feast. Most people in The Gambia depends on the same small PAG feast as their main protein intake and source of livelihood. This is the Keyest feast that every family can afford daily and is the foundation of our local economy.


The factory finances, the majority of fishermen, and they are catches, goes straight to the factory. So women have only left over fees to process and sell. Women started struggling and even losing their livelihood and jobs in fish processing. Young people also started to lose hub because most of the youth depend on tourism. The unbearable smell from the factory killed tourism in the area. Most of the youth got onto the street. Crime rate accelerated poverty creeps one striving community and drug and substance abuse is increasing.


Youth search for new opportunities, hundred if not thousands of youth reached in the Atlantic. A trying to reach Europe and there are thousands of youth whose whereabout are still unknown and their families are still mourning for their loved ones. In 2018 we we came to realize that the fish mill factory at gun fish landing site is disposing of their industrial waste in into the ocean at the very area where boats are landing. This time around, I engage the management of factory.


I gave them an alternate of one week to remove their west pipes or we will organize people to remove it for them when they fail to remove their west pipe. After one week, we went on as promise to remove the west pipe with hundreds of people. After one week, five older people and myself were arrested and detained at the police station. We had to go to court for six months, but in the end we were all acute and discharge. After this wrong trial, I continued to educate additional fishermen, women processors, young people about the impact of fish mill factories, and I also have been engaging government official to revisit the decision of the government and protect the presence and future of this country.


However, the government recently decided to sign a six year fishing agreement with European Union, which allow bigger fishing vessel from the EU and China to fish in our waters. As a result, fish become more scarce and expensive. People's way of eating had to change direction to an imported chicken from Europe, which has become cheaper than local fish. This has led to health problem and with Gambia fragile healthcare system, our source of animal pot intake being compromised by fish meat, by fishing vessels and fish mill factories, the situation become worse and unbearable.


In recent years, most of the fishermen in the region began to catch juvenile fish that we are not fit for human consumption, but it all went straight into the factory. As I asked the fish three staff responsible for enforcement of fish risk regulations, which prohibit catching juvenile fish but to not avail. Instead of feeding us locally, all those fish are to into fish meal. Then that fish meal goes out of the country, mostly to China, Europe, and South America, to salmon farms and all the aquaculture of farms.


The good news is that our organization is working with few international organizations to build the capacity of women processors, artisanal fishermen, to understand what is at stake and collect data at Cotton and Sanon fish landing site to inform decision makers and save the future of this country. It is my hope to bring fish back to this waters and not just for the garden. The fish belongs to the whole region. We need to bring The Gambia, Senegal, and Nia and orders together to fight and protect our water and our fish.


I can't do it alone. We can't do it alone. Thank you very much. That was LA and Jassi recorded for Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One. NA member FDIC.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.