
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. A few days ago you heard from Social psychologist Brian S Lowery on our new series TED Intersections. Today we're sharing his TED talk, which confronts something that many of us who have reached any measure of conventional success have had to face. The question of, is this it? Is this all there is In? his talk, Lowery shares how he found a path for a meaningful and fulfilling life, and how we can find it for ourselves after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just, ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Bala sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


Support for the show comes from Omaha. Welcome to Omaha, where work and play meet where productivity meets the after party, where downtown convention space and hotels are within. Walking distance of 90 restaurants, pubs, and unique shops where locally made morning lattes. Meet five o'clock craft cocktails and where colleagues meet to explore the waterfront views in our 72 acre downtown urban Oasis. And where in 2027, a modern streetcar will take you to even more entertainment, restaurant and hotel options. Go to visit omaha.com/meetings to learn more.


Now, our TED talk of the day Life is amazing. Life is incredible. The experiences we have, the possibilities of personal achievement. You could sum it Everest, you could create a huge successful business. You could give a TED talk, and when you're successful, it feels incredible success, the flush of excitement, the celebration, and you should celebrate the congratulations. The posting on Instagram, wherever you put your stuff up, it all feels great. But when that fades, when that starts to fade, sometimes slowly, sometimes all at once, a question comes up, is this it?


Is this all there is? And so I'm gonna tell you a little story about myself to give you a sense of this. So for those of you who don't know, I'm a professor at Stanford. I and I got my job. I was elated. Elated, and a little bit terrified. And I was terrified because when you get a job like that, you know you're gonna be reviewed in about seven years. And either you're gonna be given tenure, more or less a job for life or you're gonna get fired. It's a little bit like that movie, Glen Gary, Glen Ross. The scene where Alec Baldwin's character goes in to give the motivational speech and he says it's gonna be a competition.


First prize Cadillac, El Dorado, second prize, set a stake. Knives. Knives, third prize, you're fired. It's a little bit like that except there's no second prize. And it turns out, as you might imagine, that has a way of focusing your mind, right? So I was really, really focused on doing good research, getting my papers published, doing all in the classroom, and all the other little things you need to do to get tenure. And seven years later, I made it. I made it, thank you. And it was a huge relief. And I was so excited.


I was so excited. But, but that question came up, is this it? Is this, is this really all, all there is? And I reflected back and I thought about the time I spent in undergrad, five years in grad school, the tears, and there were a lot of tears, the seven years of trying to get tenure. And I had expected, I had hoped that when I made it past, that, when I succeeded, when I went through that threshold, life would feel different. I would feel fulfilled, it would feel meaningful to me. My life would feel meaningful. But it turns out that wasn't what happened. Now, when psychologists talk about meaningfulness in life, what they're talking about is a sense that our lives matter.


That the world makes sense that we are more than the sum of our minutes, days, and years on this planet. Now, on the research on meaningfulness in life suggests there are three big ideas associated with meaningfulness in life. The first big idea is coherence. The world needs to feel coherent after winter comes spring. After spring comes summer, you get up in the morning, you brush your teeth, you have breakfast, you get the kids off to school, you go to work. Those little routines make the world feel knowable, predictable, coherent. Now, when you think about personal achievement, it does create sometimes this experience of coherence.


Because we achieve within a framework, I understood what they expected of me for tenure. I understood that if I got my papers published, that I did well in the classroom, that I Talks Odoo the right people, I did all the networking. There was a good chance I continue. If you're trying to lose weight, you understand If, you change your diet, you exercise, the weight will come off, or at least we hope. So now those things, that framework gives the world a sense of coherence. Second, big idea associated with meaningfulness in life. Second big idea, purpose. Purpose. Now, sometimes people use the term purpose as a synonym for meaning in life.


And that's not how I mean it here. Purpose is a way of thinking about what your life can be and should be in the future. It's a way of directing your actions. It gives you goals. When you get up in the morning, you know what you need to do. Here's where the drive for personal achievement is strongest. It's clearest. When I was worried about tenure, I knew exactly what I need to do when I got up in the morning, right? When you have a goal, when you're trying to achieve something, you have a a clarity about what you should do, how to direct your behavior. So that's the second big idea, is purpose. Now, the third big idea, by many considered to be the most important is significance.


Now, the way I like to think about significance is the sense that you can transcend yourself. That you are more than what you are right now, that you will continue to matter into the future beyond this moment. This is where I think personal achievement falls short by definition, personal achievement focuses on you to focus on the self, and that's all there is. It's difficult to have significance. Okay? So now I wanna think about meaningfulness in life and significance in particular. It brings to mind a quote attributed to Leonardo da Vinci. Some of you might know it. So Leonardo da Vinci was purported to have said on his death bed, I have offended God and mankind because my work did not achieve the quality it should have.


Now, I wasn't there. So I don't know if he said that exactly in that way. But here's the thing, you can imagine it, you understand it, you understand what it means to have even the most glorious achievements and still ask, is this enough? Is this it? Is this all I add up to? And now back to the episode, When I look back and think about my time early on in my career, I think about when did it feel meaningful? What gave me a sense of meaning? When I think about, were my PhD students, so one of the things that faculty do is train the next generation of faculty.


And so you have PhD students and you have them for a significant amount of time, often could be five to six years, and the relationships are pretty intense. So lemme tell you about my first student, Miguel Andwe to, so Miguel was born in El Paso, Texas in a relatively low income area. Really smart kid does well in school, ends up at the University of Texas at Austin, which is a great university. Does well there, eventually ends up in the PhD program at Stanford. So Miguel gets there the year before I do, and by his own account, he's having a tough time. It's a little rough, and it's rough in part because he doesn't have the cultural capital that many people that go places like Stanford have. He doesn't understand how the place works. So he's struggling a little bit.


Now, when I arrive, I'm really impressed because he's so smart, he's ambitious, and he's asking questions and interested in things that I'm interested in. So I'm really excited to work with him. And so we started to work together, and again, it's, it's really intense. I'm working with him for four years. We see each other almost every day, almost every day for those four years. And some days we're working together 10 to 12 hours a day. So it's a very intense experience. And what I remember about that time was that I was really worried about doing enough to make sure he would be successful. I was concerned, am I being a good advisor? Am I giving him what he needs? Am I helping him In his story? Now keep in mind, I wanna get tenure.


I still think I'm gonna get fired. So even with that fear, I'm worried about what do I need to do to make sure Miguel can continue In his story and his journey. And by the way, he did. He's, he's been great. He got a job, he's been a professor now for over 15 years at UCLA. He's had serious leadership roles at his university, and I'm incredibly proud that I got a chance to be a little part of that. What does that, what do I take from that? What I take from that is that relationships are what provide us meaning. And my guess is you already knew that. I'm saying something a little bit more than that. Not just that relationships provide meaning, but that being a part of a story that is not your own provides, meaning being a part of a story that is not your own provides meaning.


So where does this, where does this leave us? One, I think personal achievement is great. Like I love my personal achievements. I'm really happy with my life. I think it's turned out okay. I, I wish incredible personal achievements for all of you. So I think that personal achievement is fantastic. However, sometimes we replace the deep human need for meaning with chasing of personal achievement. And it's a problem When we confuse those two things, and the reason they get confused, the reason it's easy to confuse them is because personal achievement is easy to quantify.


You know, If, you got that job, you know, If, you bought that home. You know how your, what your salary is, it's easy to see and it feels comfortable to chase things you understand and you can achieve. That's one reason. The other reason is that personal achievement feels good. Personal achievement feels good. We, what we want, we think we want is happiness and personal achievement provides a hit of happiness. It feels fantastic when you make that person that achievement. Getting meaning doesn't necessarily feel that way. For example, studies find that parents who spend more time parenting their children report more meaningfulness in life, but not necessarily more happiness. So these things are, are not the same So.


if you want more meaning in life, what, what, what is there to do? One, look for opportunities to participate in others' stories. You might try a little supporting actor energy. If. you want meaning play a supporting role in other people's lives. That's number one. Two, accept that the pursuit of meaning may not generate happiness. The pursuit of meaning might not generate happiness. In fact, it might be uncomfortable. It turns out that meaning is more associated with the self providing for others than providing for you or yourself.


And that's sometimes a hard thing to do. Expending effort, emotional energy on behalf of something that is not gonna return. Happiness is not something that we tend to think of as a useful, a, a good use of our time, but it turns out it does produce meaning. So let me, let me say just a, a couple more things. One, I think the human need and pursuit of meaning is both beautiful and profound. Because when you have meaning in your life, that means that someone else gave you the opportunity to participate in the story that is not your own.


And for that, for the meaning you have in your life, you should feel a deep gratitude, a deep gratitude for the people who have allowed you to participate in the story that it was not your own. On the other side, when you allow people to participate in your life, you're giving them the opportunity to generate meaning. And so in that way, the deep, deep human need for meaning connects us in a circle. I think a, a, a beautiful and profound circle of generosity and gratitude. And so right now here I'm, I'm deeply grateful that you all have let me participate in your stories and that's deeply meaningful for me. Thank you for that.


The theme of this conference is the brave and the brilliant. I think that one way that we can experience or be brave is by accepting the fact that our personal achievements, what we're capable of, the what, the things that we've done, pale, pale in comparison to the effect we have on other people and what that does in the world. And that as you go through the world with all of your brilliance, and I mean that in terms of light, as you go through the world lighting the world, when you interact with other people and you illuminate them and help them shine more brightly, that's how the world gets illuminated.


That's how we bring up the lights and the world obviously desperately needs that. And in return, what you get is meaning. Because when we're gone, all of the accomplishments will mean nothing. The only thing that will be left of you when you're gone and we all will be gone eventually, the only thing will be left of you is the role you played in other people's stories. What you leave with other people, how that reverberates through time. And that is a beautiful thing and I wish all of that for you. Thank you.


Hi, I'm Bvo Sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now the path from gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem. So designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watsonx helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Brian S, Lowery speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing MAs Pacino, European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions have changed and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power, you need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your projects. There is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pocket. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What are the solutions? Well, Basically the key aspect is to put your money at work. And by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy. And now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not. So search for it. Ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, How is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror, is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way, that's what we offer. And this pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store. Maybe you will see us there. What are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term. Two, diversification and three progressivity dollar cost. Averaging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank You, mattess. Now let us hear the last word Are the most important one. Dare you should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you. Nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the app Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App Store and we are happy to support you in building wealth across Europe.


PRX.