
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I am some sort of mosquito magnet. Even if everyone else I'm with can avoid getting bitten, I somehow wind up with my legs and arms just dotted with itchy bites. But leaving itchy, swollen bites is the least of the harms the mosquitoes can do. Mosquitoes carry malaria. A prolific killer of children and pregnant women medical entomologist. Abdullah DTI is doing something about it.


He shares his scientific endeavor to target the entire mosquito population after a quick sponsor break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks Daily is sponsored by A-D-T-A-D-T knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on adt, visit adt.com today.


Support for the show comes from Mint Mobile. You know when you discover a new show that's worth binging or a song that you play on repeat and you have to share it with your friends so they can experience how awesome it is just as you have. That's kind of what it feels like when you discover that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for $15 a month. When you purchase a three month plan, it's such an awesome deal. There's no way that you can keep it to yourself. And that's why I am telling you all about it. Say bye-Bye to your overpriced wireless plan and switch to Mint Mobile. All plans come with high-speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. To get this new customer offer and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mint mobile.com/talks. That's mint mobile.com/talks. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month@mintmobile.com slash talks. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. Seem mint mobile for details.


And now our TED talk of the day Mosquitoes. I don't know about you, but I don't have a good relationship with them. A friend of mine said one day, If, you think that you're too small to make a big difference. You've never spent a night with mosquitoes in a room. But I don't have any mosquitoes in my pocket to release tonight, so it's gonna be fine.


So let's start. As unbelievable as it may sound, malaria is as old as humankind and malaria once was a public health issues all over the world. But then it has been successfully tackled in the US and Europe. And yet decade later, malaria still kills millions of people in Africa and in Asia. Why I'm Abdulah ti, a medical entomologist from Len City Research and San Lasante. I'm here today flying all the way from Burkina Faso to tell you that we might be closer than ever to eliminate malaria in Africa.


Thank you. Malaria is tightly linked to poverty, but then you have no idea of how much expensive is it to be poor. There are 200 million cases worldwide that hand up, sadly every year with about 600,000 death. And this is not a random collection of statistical on a piece of paper behind each of these 600,000 death, there is a personal tragic story sometime behind closed door. Most of these death happen in Africa. Children and pregnant women bear the highest burden. And I'm a fortunate childhood mal allowed a survivor. When I was a kid, I used to think that my dad was a superhero.


I could see him leaving the house every morning at six, riding his bicycle to the farm, working very hard all day long. We did not have much for living, but who said, you need more to be happy. But when happiness hangs by a thread, it doesn't take much to turn your life around. My certainty in my dad got deeply shaken the day I got struck down by malaria. I were three or four years old, as we used to say in my country, kids may not understand the complexity of suffering, but pain has no age. And gosh, I was in pain.


I can still clearly see myself laying down there on the bed with high fever and suffering. I could not eat anything throwing up all the time, will survive, will not. The psychological trauma my parents were going through was unbearable. But against our olds, I survive. But can we say today that we are done with malaria because they about to survive and made it all the way down to Vancouver? If I say yes, no one can blame me. But it's a lie because many children are still dying of malaria. The real question then is why have we not been able to defeat it so far?


Well, because malaria is a complex paralytic disease that plays on three rounds plus mode, the pathogen, an fells and the vector and human, the victims, each of these element is very complex on its own. And the interaction make it even more complex to devise intervention that are really effective. But of course, we are trying currently there are two vaccine to humanize people. But the heavy logistic to deliver this vaccine may not allow us to reach the full potential burdens. And the firsthand treatment are both threatened by insecticide and drug resistance, meaning that our best intervention have started to fail.


And there is a general consensus today that without additional new tools, we may never crossed the last mile of mal elimination. And this is exactly where I come in. My colleagues and I at Target malaria are working on something called gene drive, a way to control muscular population and malaria transmission. So what is gene drive? It's a natural molecular mechanism that augment the frequency of a certain gene in the population beyond the normal Mendelian inheritance. So what that's mean, If, you take gene. In natural circumstances, it has only 50% of chance of being transmitted to the next generation. Meaning that if the parents have a hundred babies, like in mosques, only 50 of them will get the gene and the other 50 will not.


But not all gene behave this way in nature. Some gene have found a very clever way to bypass this law and can augment their own prospect to up to 90%. Such gene are set to drive. And so the name gene drive, how a most promising strain affect female fertility by targeting a gene called double sex. This gene is responsible for the sex determination in mosquitoes. And so disrupting the doubles sex gene may affect the sexual development for adult mosquitoes under reproduction. Now it may sound counterintuitive to affect female fertility and spread a gene of interesting molecule population at the same time, but it's working.


We target a specific region of the gene called double sex that affects only females male bearing. These are modified gene are not affected at all. Female with just one copy of the ultra gene are fully fertile. However, female bearing two copies of the modified gene cannot lay eggs, fail to bite and also have the physical characteristic of both male and female. It's called a suppression strategy. Once these mosquitoes are released in the field, they're gonna spread the gene of interest though to the wild population. And this going, you know, to reduce dramatically the reproductive capacity.


Fewer macules mean less malaria transmission until it stop. Mathematical model predict that releasing such mosquitoes in the field is gonna stop malaria transmission in just 20 generation. That's mean in two years. And the technology is sustainable, cost effective, and easy to deploy. As the release mosquitoes will do the job themself by finding the last hiding pocket of wide mosquito to convert. Fantastic. The only problem, gene drive has never been tested anywhere in Africa. And while the technology brings a lot of hope, it also carries its share of fear and skepticism.


The pathway from the bench to the field is not straightforward and is full of pitfall. Maybe mosquitoes in the field will develop resistance to the spread of the transgene. Or maybe two country don't agree, but at least mosquitoes do not respect the human borders. Or also maybe there are risk to the environment. And finally, the community that we are working with need to feel comfortable about this technology and give us the green light, you know, to operate. And now back to the episode And so forth, such target Malaria has adopted an incremental approach step by step whereby we will start releasing first non gene drive mosquitoes.


Meaning that the gene of interest here cannot self propagate and will just go extend in a few generation. The gene drive, the exposure of this gene to the environment is incrementally augmented in a way that we start first with small cages and big indoor cages in Europe. And then these mosquito are sent to Burkina Faso where they are tested in a contained facility first and subsequently in a big indoor, small cage field release. Now the general mosquitoes are going to be tested in an open field only after this a preliminary step and the potential risk have been looked at very carefully.


And also additional research question have been developed, you know, to address these risks, if any. Now the question, how far are we from releasing gene drive? Four to five years. But let me tell you this, gene drive ES are already in the lab and releasing them in the field is not gonna take us more than 30 minute. But we need five years to get ready for this 30 minute. And why is that? The answer is simple because we need, you know, to engage the community and get the social license to operate. And so if there is one thing that you cannot afford, the luxury to miss is the stakeholder engagement.


I cannot just pop up in a village with a bucket of mosquitoes on the assumption that I'm a scientist working for the public good. It'll not take anyone a PhD to understand if we are respectful or their value or not. We need to engage the community and then co-develop the technology with them. And so for that, we've built our engagement strategy on the pyramidal structure, starting with the villages where we operate all the way to the top with the government official. The engagement is done step by step is done in an inclusive way and also is done in full transparency. Ladies and gentlemen, there is one more thing that need to be done before gene drive can be released in the field in Africa. That is capacity building.


gene drive holds a lot of promises, but it will not take us anywhere if we African are enabled to run it on our own. Sadly, the technical platform in Africa is really very poor and this has to be solved before we can really beat malaria. And so for that, we've set up in Burkina Faso, a world bank funded center of excellence on vector bond disease like malaria. And also with additional fund from the Gate Foundation. We are building a critical mass of next generation scientists all over the continent to fill the knowledge gap and the knowhow gap as well. In April, 1969, a child was born in a remote village of Burkina Faso.


Like any other child of the world, he has dreams and expectation. Sadly. However, as you come to learn, the place where you are born in on this planet very often affect your perspective on life and may even set the path you need to walk through into your future. That shouldn't be the case. We are all citizen of the world. Our dreams and aspiration should not be constrained by the place where we are born. And this is the reason why I became a scientist to offer endless possibility to any child anywhere on this continent so that they can see the future with hope.


But there is no hope. If, you are cut short with malaria. But target malaria is here to fix that. The world free of malaria is our vision. And I will say yes we can. Thank you for your attention.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMGS solo with your partner or discuss it with friends like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watsonx helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Abdullah DTI at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PRX.