
Woo. To remind you that 60% of sales on Amazon come from independent sellers. Here's Tracy from Lilies of Charleston. Hi Y'all. We make barbecue sauce, hot sauce, and specialty popcorn. They get help from Amazon to grow their small business faster. They Handle all our shipping and logistics, which is a big help. All On it up. Have a great day. Tracy. Hot stuff. Tracy. Ooh, Honey Shop. Small business on Amazon.


No matter how you travel, it's good to have a plan. Some people plan every minute, no sleep, bus, museum, another museum, while others only plan to take it day by day. When it comes to your finances, a plan is just as important. You can count on Credit Karma to give you the insights you need to understand your options so you can take charge of your financial path and find your way to money. Intuit, credit Karma, karma, you can count on download the app today.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I wanna tell you about SimpliSafe, a company that's revolutionizing home security. What's fascinating about SimpliSafe is their approach to protection. Their active guard. Outdoor protection doesn't just react to break-ins. It aims to prevent them. With AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents, they can spot suspicious activity and intervene in real time. It's like having a vigilant security team watching over your home 24 7. Simply save offers peace of mind without the hassle of long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Plus, their monitoring plans start at just about a dollar a day, making advanced security accessible to more people. They offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back interested in learning more. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We have a really special episode to share with you today. It's a performance and talk from Cellist, composer and TED fellow Joshua Roman research shows that more than 400 million people worldwide have suffered from long covid, a chronic condition with over 200 symptoms that can occur after a covid infection. Joshua is one of those people while performing pieces by Johann Sebastian Bach, along with an original solo composition, Joshua shares a deeply personal story how due to a severe case of long covid, he almost lost his ability to play the cello.


His performance and story are a testament to perseverance, human resilience, and the genuine power that music has to bring us together. Joshua reminds us how important it is to focus on connection over perfection coming up.


I am Joshua Roman, and that's how a cellist says hello. It's the prelude from the first suite for solo cello by Johann Sebastian B and one of the pieces of music I've performed most in my life. It brings me so much joy every time I play it, and it's important to me tonight to start this very personal set with something I've loved. As long as I can remember, three years ago, I was facing the possibility of never playing this beautiful music again. In January of 21, I caught covid and unfortunately, I never fully recovered. I could tell something was wrong when I continued struggling to read even after my initial infection, sometimes even basic sentences wouldn't make sense.


A few weeks later, I was returning from the trip I'd been on when I got sick and when I arrived home. The simple act of walking up the stairs to my bedroom completely laid me out. I only made it halfway before falling to the floor on the landing, unable to continue or even to lift myself to a sitting position. I was there for half an hour, frustrated and crying. Turns out I have long covid, which causes a host of conditions and symptoms that can vary from patient to patient. To this day, I experience dysautonomia a condition that affects the nervous system's ability to properly regulate the body's reaction to things like temperature changes, walking or really any exertion.


I also take medication daily to keep my heart rate from randomly skyrocketing to 200 and to steady the trembling that's there. Sometimes even when I wake up in the morning, of course I have brain fog, lovely catchall term. In my case, it specifically refers to the difficulty I have processing information, which has really diminished my capacity for things like reading, any layered thinking and forced me to stop driving completely due to the cognitive shutdown, the curse, this is all on top of the crushing physical fatigue that I carry each day.


Something that is very hard to get used to, especially for someone who was pretty proud of his under six minute mile before catching covid. Adjusting to this new reality hasn't been particularly graceful. After brute forcing my way through two very important performances, I crashed hard with nothing ahead on the calendar, I abandoned the daily practice routine that I've been cultivating for over 30 years, which would often last many hours. I put my cello in its case and I left it there. Doubts that had been lurking for years came to the surface.


I'd been stuck in a gig mentality for much of my career, waiting for the phone to ring, afraid to say no to any opportunity and completely unaware of the exhaustion that ran through my body and spirit. I've always wanted to feel like what I do matters. But after decades of ambitious effort to play every note in tune, make every phrase clear and powerful, I was having trouble seeing that possibility through my fatigue, with the difficulty I had even lifting the bow, let alone putting in a decent practice session.


I lost hope that it mattered. It was almost three months of dark soul searching before I finally literally dusted off the case and pulled out my cello again. A friend of mine had asked me to play for her summer solstice party, and I reluctantly agreed. Though I didn't feel emotionally ready, I waited until the last minute, the day before the party to see if my fingers still knew what to do. When I began to play those first notes, the ones that I've played for you just now, I was overcome with emotion, feeling the sheer physicality of making sound.


Even though I was outta shape, the power of the cello's vibrations moved me to tears. I've known this sensation as a familiar friend since I was three years old, but I realized that somewhere along the way, I had stopped fully appreciating the connection. Long before Covid, I'd become so focused on the idea that my career was about giving to others, that I had completely lost sight of my own need for nourishment and connection through music.


I, when I decided to write a piece for this project, I was nervous. I wanted to capture all of all of the meaning, all of the pain, all of the lessons I'd been learning this piece was gonna say everything we all know. That's not how it works. Of course, I gave myself writer's block, so I started improvising to get the creative juices flowing, and though it was fun, I wasn't finding that epic piece I was looking for. Eventually, I relaxed the process completely and gave myself permission to truly follow rather than dictate the sound.


It didn't hurt that I was pretty close to the deadline, and very quickly, those fun improv sessions evolved into one of the most unabashedly, joyful compositions I've ever written. I couldn't force myself to write the piece that I wanted, but when I let go and just played, I came away with the piece that I needed. I gave it the same name. I've given my project. Here it is Immunity.


I love that it's so wild and groovy, but as fun as that was, I gotta admit, it's still scary for me to be up here talking about my vulnerabilities. I'm a performer, a perfectionist. Vulnerability can mean mistakes and mistakes don't belong on stage, but I understand that that connection I felt when I held the cello again, only had space because I was open, because I was vulnerable. These days, I'm constantly adjusting to new limitations, new challenges, new realities.


Long covid is now considered a chronic condition, and I count myself lucky that with help from Mount Sinai's Long Covid Recovery Program, I'm learning how to better manage symptoms, but in a very real and measurable way. I am not who I was before I caught Covid, and it's unlikely that I'll ever be the same again. So here we are. Rather than hide my struggle, I've decided to do the hard work of changing deeply ingrained habits and letting go of my attachment to an identity that prioritized perfection over connection.


It took this debilitating condition for me to confront myself and embrace a perspective that allows me not only to give, but to receive the gift of music. I'm committed to this path. I'm committed to sharing the vulnerability that takes me out of my comfort zone, and that makes music an art not of perfection, but of humanity. That was Joshua Roman at TED 2024.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening


To remind you that 60% of sales on Amazon come from independent sellers. Here's Tracy from Lilies of Charleston. Hi, Y'all. We make barbecue sauce, hot sauce, and specialty popcorn. They get help from Amazon to grow their small business faster. They handle all our shipping and logistics, which is a big help. All on It up. Have a great day. Tracy. Hot stuff. Tracy. Ooh, Honey Shop, Small business on Amazon.


This is Paige, the co-host of a giggly squad. I use Uber Eats for everything, and I feel like people forget that you can truly order anything, especially living in New York City. It's why I love it. You can get Chinese food at any time of night, but it's not just for food. I order from CVS all the time. I'm always ordering from the grocery store. If a friend stops over, I have to order champagne. I also have this thing that whenever I travel, if I'm ever in a hotel room, I never feel like I'm missing something because I'll just Uber eats it. The amount of times I've had to Uber eats hair items like hairspray, deodorant, you name it, I've ordered it on Uber Eats. You can get grocery alcohol, everyday essentials in addition to restaurants and food you love. So in other words, get almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal Drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


Hey guys, it's Cory from Surviving Reality. Don't Miss Hulu's new original series. Got to Get Out. It's a reality competition series hosted by SMU Liu, where nine celebrities are locked in a mansion with 11 reality TV rookies all scheming on how to escape the estate and take home a million bucks. Got to get out, is stacked with reality royalty, including Spencer Pratt from the Hills, Kim Zk Bierman, and Cynthia Bailey from Real Housewives, OMA Rosa from The Apprentice, Susan Knowles and Demi Burnett from The Bachelor and More. All episodes of Got To Get Out are now streaming on Hulu.