(0s):
The new Boost Mobile Network is offering unlimited talk text and data for just $25 a month for life. That sounds like a threat Then. How do you think we should say it? Unlimited talk text and data for just $25 a month for the rest of your life. I Don't know Until your ultimate demise. What If we just say forever? Okay. $25 a month forever. Get Unlimited talk text and data for just $25 a month with Boost Mobile forever. After 30 gigabytes, customers may experience slower speeds. Customers will pay $25 a month as long as they remain active on the Boost Unlimited Plan.

(32s):
Race, the rudder race, the sails race, the sail captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over. Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.

(1m 1s):
Savor the best of spring with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market. Yellow low price signs help you save money without compromising quality like on organic chicken, breast and thighs, ground beef and more, all with no antibiotics ever. Plus, brighten your plate for less with 365 by Whole Foods market, brioche, smoked salmon, cherry tomatoes, organic apples, and more shop low prices daily at Whole Foods market. In store and online.

(1m 38s):
You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. You have probably gotten the question, what do you do at some point in your life, if not frequently, and even assuming that what we do is our jobs underscores today's speakers point. We tend to overly conflate our self-worth and meaning with our jobs and work-life experts. Simone Stolzoff challenges that norm and shows us how to diversify our sources of meaning for a more creative and resilient life. I once met this Chilean guy at a hostel, so what do you do?

(2m 22s):
I asked him, you mean for work? He responded as if I had just asked the color of his underwear in the us. What do you do is often the first question we ask when we meet someone new. This is drilled into us from an early age. What do you want to be when you grow up? We ask our kids already conflating who we are with what we do, as if our jobs and identities were one and the same. I think about this a lot. I'm a labor journalist and I wrote a book called The Good Enough Job in which I spoke to over a hundred people about the relationship between their work and their identity. But before I was a professional writer, I was a 22-year-old poetry student trying to figure out what I wanted to be when I grew up.

(3m 11s):
It was around this time that I had the opportunity to interview my favorite writer in the entire world, the poet in the Smo Gani. And so I asked him, anise, how do you feel about the mantra? Do what you love and never work a day in your life. And I'll never forget what he told me. He said, you know, Simone, I think some people do what they love for work and others do what they have to so they can do what they love when they're not working and neither is more noble. I think that last part is key. We live in a society that loves to revere people whose jobs and identities neatly align.

(3m 52s):
And here was my idol, a professional poet no less telling me that it's okay to have a day job if we wanna develop a healthier relationship to work. We can't just think about work-life balance in terms of how we spend our time. We have to think about how we construct our identity. What we do is part of but not the entirety of who we are. Let me be clear. I don't think there's anything wrong with doing what you love for work. We work more than we do just about anything else and how we spend those hours matters, and yet our current relationship to work isn't quite working.

(4m 37s):
A recent study found that 48% of workers around the globe are burnt out. 48%. That's half this room. Actually in this room, probably more than half. And yet the way that we commonly talk about burnout doesn't address its root cause. There's a reason why a one week vacation doesn't magically cure us. There's a reason why our intentions to practice self care and set better boundaries inevitably break down. It's like we're shielding ourselves from the sun with a cocktail umbrella. If we want to actually change our relationship to work, we have to go deeper.

(5m 18s):
It starts with our identity. Certainly, we are all more than just workers. We're parents and friends and citizens and artists and travelers and neighbors, much like an investor benefits from diversifying the sources of stocks in their portfolio. We too benefit from diversifying the sources of meaning and identity in our lives. But how do you actually go about doing so? Rabbi Abraham, Joshua Hessel describes Shabbat, the weekly Jewish practice of abstaining from work as a sanctuary in time.

(5m 57s):
I love this image rather than a physical sanctuary like a synagogue. Shabbat is a time sanctuary. So the first step to diversifying your identity is to create those time sanctuaries spaces in your days, in your weeks in your life where work is not an option. Unlike mere intentions to work less or set better boundaries, time sanctuaries require infrastructure. Putting time on the calendar to learn a new language, putting your phone in airplane mode while you play with your kids so that work doesn't expand like a gas and fill all of your unoccupied space.

(6m 42s):
The second step is to fill those time sanctuaries with activities that reinforce the other identities you hope to cultivate. The present father, the community gardener, the amateur musician. It may sound simple, but if we want to derive meaning from aspects of our life other than work, we have to do things other than work. Now, these don't have to be grand gestures and the reporting of my book. I spoke to all of these hyper ambitious workaholics and they'd say things like, diversify my identity. Got it. I'm going to read 52 books this year, or I'm going to run an ultra marathon.

(7m 23s):
We even convert our leisure into other forms of labor. My advice is to start small. How about a weekly walk with your best friend or 10 minutes practice in the piano after dinner? The third step is to reinforce these identities by joining communities who couldn't care less about what you do for work. For example, I love to play pickup basketball, and one of the benefits of my weekly game is that the people I play with don't care how many words I've written or how many books I've sold. They care that I show up on time and that I'm a good teammate.

(8m 5s):
It's a weekly reminder that I exist on this earth to do more than just produce economic value. The irony is that diversifying our identity can be great for business too. Research shows that people with varied interests tend to be more creative problem solvers and more innovative hobbies are one of the best ways to recharge so that you can be more productive when you're back on the clock. And a diverse identity can come in handy in the face of a stressful event like a recession or a layoff. I spoke to all of these folks from my book who treated their work like their family, and then we're unceremoniously let go during the pandemic.

(8m 51s):
If you are what you do and you lose your job, who are you? But in addition to the business case, there's also the moral case. If we want to develop more well-rounded versions of ourselves, if we want to build robust relationships and live in robust communities and have robust society at large, we all must invest in aspects of our lives beyond work. We shouldn't just work less because it makes us better workers. We should work less because it makes us better people.

(9m 31s):
This isn't just about you and me. This is about teaching our kids that their self-worth is not determined by their job title. This is about reinforcing the fact that not all noble work neatly translates to a line on a resume. This is about setting the example that we all have a responsibility to contribute to the world in a way beyond contributing to one organization's bottom line. So the next time you're at a party, instead of asking someone what do you do? I encourage you to add two small words to your question. Instead, ask them, what do you like to do?

(10m 16s):
Maybe you like to cook, maybe you like to write. Maybe you do some of those things for work or maybe you don't. But what do you like to do is a question that allows each of us to define ourselves on our own terms. Thank you. That was Simone Stolzoff speaking at TED Next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective.

(10m 56s):
This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.

(11m 25s):
Race the Runners Race. The Sails Race. The Sails Captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over. Roger, wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and Conditions apply.

(11m 54s):
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.

(12m 14s):
If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Not only will you find a great selection of frames, you'll also meet helpful advisors and friendly optometrists. Yep. Many Warby Parker locations also offer eye exams. So the next time you need glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses, or a new prescription, you know where to look. To find a Warby Parker store near you or to book an eye exam, head over to Warby Parker dot com slash retail.