
Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder navigating your first audit or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per yearend benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's vata.com/ TED audio for $1,000 off.


Picture this, you are halfway through a D iy car fix tools scattered everywhere and boom, you'll realize you're missing apart. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay. They've got everything. Brakes, headlights, cold air intakes, whatever you need, and it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you've ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices, your love guaranteed to fit every time eBay things people love.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers with LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Why is it that for so many of us, silence in the face of an uncomfortable interaction feels like the easier path forward? Even when we're dying to speak up in her talk. Healthcare executive Sarah Crawford Bowl shares why we often struggle with confidence in challenging situations and offers steps for finding the courage to lean into tricky conversations. Silence. It can be a needed moment of peace and contemplation.


But what happens when silence becomes a barrier? A barrier that muffles the voice of truth, of advocacy, of change. Speak up. Advocate for yourself. Stand up for what you believe in. That's what they say, right? Well, even though I know they're right, it's easier said than done. I'm sure we can all think of a time when we faced a crossroads. Perhaps the precipice of an uncomfortable conversation when speaking up felt like the right if not even essential path, but silence seemed safer.


I can vividly see and feel myself being in those moments times when I stood red faced embarrassed or offended, frustrated or angry with a sinking feeling in my stomach, unable to find my voice and unsure if I had the courage, confidence or will to face the difficult conversation before me. Sound familiar? We're not alone. Research from vital smarts. A global leader and organizational performance and leadership tells us people would rather quit their jobs than address a challenging situation.


In this post pandemic time with baby boomers retiring and a wave of quiet resignation upon us, the world seems to be working short staffed. I'm a nurse and have worked in healthcare leadership for a long time, and I'm here to tell you, in in this profession, we can't risk losing anyone, especially not for the reason of avoiding a challenging conversation. In a world where we are experiencing increasingly rapid cycles of change, we can expect difficult conversations, particularly in the workplace, happen more often than ever before. Moments such as sharing feedback, identifying mistakes or calling out disrespect.


They're not always easy, but often critical to the performance of both individuals and a team. In healthcare where stakes are high, our willingness to raise concerns can be vital to the quality of care we provide, but also to the safety of patients and the care team. In fact, research also tells us that when we do speak up, we experience more job satisfaction, increased team morale and in my world support better patient outcomes. I've experienced this for myself now. I don't have all the answers and I don't always get it right.


In fact, I, I make a mess of it sometimes, but often I've found it's a bit like cardio or weightlifting. Well, we feel a bit vulnerable at the time with practice. We start to experience the benefits. It gets easier and we get better at it. We need to find a path to help us get past that initial fight, flight, or freeze response to get us to the table and make leaning into uncomfortable conversations the desired action for our own benefit as well as to benefit those around us.


Now, I was fortunate I had some amazing role modeling by parents who encouraged me to use my voice specifically when I knew I should but didn't want to. My mom, an intensive care nurse for many years, had a special ability to address tough topics, traumas, embarrassing bodily functions, or sharing critical feedback. She always created airtime for normally avoided matters with a fierce moral compass that was sometimes incredibly frustrating.


She advocated for what was right, showing me the importance of standing up for oneself and others, even when uncomfortable to do so. My mom, she died a long time ago now and I still miss her desperately. Something I think I miss the most though is her always knowing the right thing to do and the way she guided me with that moral compass. And despite having a couple of degrees under my belt, lessons learned from that moral compass, they guide me more than any of my formal learning.


She showed me that as leaders, and I mean all leaders, both formal and informal, we play a pivotal role in leaning into courageous conversations and creating the safe place for others to do the same. It is probably our strong commitment in this area that inspired me to go into healthcare leadership, a path that often puts me in an area of high conflict and tricky conversations, but in doing so, exposes me to innovation, changemaking and meaningful work. It's an incredible career that I'm honored to be a part of and I owe it to my mom and myself to do it well.


So when I find myself needing courage and confidence, making that moment to step into the abyss of a difficult conversation, I try to remember my mom's moral compass and the principles she worked so hard to nurture in me. I imagine holding a compass in my hand, the cool metal upon my skin, taking a breath, a moment to pause and ground myself. I see the directions of north, southeast, and west as symbols, reminders of her core teachings north.


I think about the north star, a guide towards the good and right thing to do in tricky situations. I remember my mom's voice, be the best version of yourself. Take the high road. Say what needs to be said south. The essence south reminds me of support when people support me, I feel seen, cared for. When it comes to supporting others, I try to do the same. Leaning into tricky conversations with kindness and an intention of helping people grow an east.


The E stands for empathy. Empathy sets the tone for a conversation. As a leader, I want people to feel safe coming to me. I try to understand their feelings and and create a safe place for them to be themselves and west. The W stands for Wonder, getting curious about what might be going on for the other person. I ask questions and listen, so I understand before trying to be understood. When I focus on the principles of the compass, I'm able to move from reactive to proactive, getting into a mindset where I can be true to my values and share my voice.


I recall a situation not long ago where I was able to put the compass to use. I was in a change management and communications role for a big project, and while the work was complex and bumpy, I was proud of myself. I was writing good stuff, inspiring hearts and minds or so I thought. One day a physician came into the office where I was meeting with my boss, my boss's boss, and a number of other leaders. He had one of my newsletters printed out and was waving it in the air. Who is the cheerleader? Sending out this stuff as an optimist sometimes to a fault.


I knew right away that cheerleader was me. While I was embarrassed, I had a split second to decide, stay silent or speak up. The compass came in handy in that moment, north Star. What was the good and right thing to do? Well, I needed to own my work, take feedback, so I said that would be me. He lowered his arm and said, well, this is too positive, not an accurate representation of what we're going through. Well, still defensive. I remembered support and empathy.


I wanted to create a safe place where he could feel seen and heard. So I suggested we sit down together so I could better understand his concerns. Next step wonder. We went to his office and I asked curious questions and over some tea. He told me his story. He got out a red pen and circled the nine times. I'd mentioned something positive in that article. I acknowledged there's too many understandably devaluing. I then asked if we could look for times I'd mentioned challenges. To his surprise, and frankly my own 18 times 18, I'd mentioned things that needed to be fixed.


I was able to let him know I was embarrassed by being called out in front of my superiors and he apologized. You know, that time spent together, it was valuable for me and I think we both took something meaningful away. So I always remember the moral compass North, north star South support, east empathy and West Wonder. I know when I'm true to my compass. I'm courageous, confident the person I wanna be, and I think the daughter my parents would be proud of.


And with my husband and our two daughters, I get the chance to pay it forward. So I hope you'll join me in leaning into tricky conversations, not only finding our voices, but understanding the imperative to use them. Stand up against the wrong champion, the right, and be the voice for those who cannot speak for themselves. No matter how shaky or unsure we can be. A powerful instrument of change and advocacy, leaving all people involved stronger as a result.


Thank you. That was Sarah Crawford Bowl at TEDx Rru Royal Roads University in Victoria, Canada in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


Be adventurous in the sun. Be protected in the sun. Be confident in the sun. Be fearless in the sun with blue lizard Australian sunscreen as experts in mineral sunscreens. For nearly 30 years, we've earned awards for our high quality products and the trust of healthcare professionals. Embrace every moment in the sun with your family and blue lizard by your side. Be fearless in the Sun Shop blue lizard Australian sunscreen now on amazon.com.


I'm Josie Santi, health coach, wellness editor, and host of the Every Girl podcast where we cut through the noise with realistic, expert backed advice to help you thrive in every category of life while still loving the person that you already are. And part of loving yourself is being really authentic to you, including the clothes you wear. In partnership with Nordstrom, we are helping you update your spring wardrobe so your style is fit for your best self. Nordstrom brings you the season's most wanted brands like Skims, mango Free people, and Princess Polly all under $100. From trending sneakers to Beauty must-haves, we've curated the styles that you'll wear on repeat this spring, free shipping, free returns, and in-store pickup. Make it easier than ever. Shop now in stores and@nordstrom.com.