
Hey Prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ ad-free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad. Free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


If you are a parent or share a fridge with someone, Instacart is about to make grocery shopping so much easier because with family carts you can share a cart with your partner and each ad the items you want since between the two of you. Odds are you'll both remember everything you need. And this way you'll never have to eat milk list cereal again. So minimize the stress of the weekly shop with family carts. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days, excludes restaurants.


Hey folks, it's Mark Marin from WTF. It's spring a time of renewal, of rebirth, of reintroducing yourself to your fitness goals, and Peloton has what you need to get started. You can take a variety of on demand and live classes that last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour. There are thousands of Peloton members whose lives were changed by taking charge of their fitness routines. Now you can be one of them. Spring into action right now. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. More than 40% of first marriages in the US and in divorce, it can be particularly painful for children who can sometimes carry wounds from their parents split into adulthood. Communications consultant, Alison O'Brien was one of those children. In her talk, she lays out an alternative path for parents, what it looks like to be allies instead of enemies in a divorce. She also reveals how a gracious split from her own partner actually made her family stronger than ever. That's coming up.


It should have been the happiest day of my life. It was my wedding day, but there was a part of me that just couldn't wait for it to be over. And not because I didn't wanna marry Ben. I did. I really did. But because both my parents were there and I was the byproduct of a high conflict divorce in 25 years, my parents had been in the same place at the same time, maybe half a dozen times. Acrimonious is euphemistic, but my parents' divorce doesn't make me unique or special. 40 to 50% of first marriages end in divorce impacting half a million kids in the US every year.


And we know the reputation that divorce has for devastating children, but it doesn't have to be that way. Now, fast forward 15 years from my wedding day and my phone rings, it's my dad. Super funky timing 'cause I'm standing in the middle of the Kohl's intimates department during a sale. So literally both hands full of underwear. 'cause it's a coal sale. So it's three for 10, right? He says, how's it going? And I just blurted it out. I said, dad, I failed. Ben and I are getting divorced and I am terrified about money, where I'm gonna live and now how I'm gonna get health insurance.


And you know what he said? Don't worry Al, get a good lawyer, you'll be fine. But I didn't want a lawyer and I didn't wanna fight. I wanted it to be different for my kids than it was for me. I wanted both their parents at teacher conferences and in the stands, watching them play hockey, lacrosse and celebrating them together at the happiest moments of their life, like the weddings and the graduations that would eventually come. And I did not wanna divvy up those experiences with their dad.


Kids exposed to high conflict are likely to suffer emotional, social, behavioral, and academic problems. And I can tell you those stats played out for me and my two brothers. Between us, we've dealt with addiction, eating disorders, impulsive behavior, and many messed up relationships. So again, when my dad said, get a good lawyer without missing a beat, it was a gut punch. It doesn't have to be that way. I navigated my divorce, no lawyers, no mediators using three key concepts that I teach in my work, coincidentally, ironically, I don't know what it is, but the child caught in the crossfire of a nasty divorce, became a professional that helps others manage conflict.


So in my work, I teach a specific framework of conversation grounded in listening that helps leaders and teams leverage healthy conflict, improve collaboration, and improve high stakes decision making. And If you break it down, If you really think about it, that's what divorce is. It's hundreds of collaborative decisions. So we have two choices. We can leave those decisions to a judge or we can commit to finding a path forward together. So I use these three concepts, key concepts that I teach in my work, a vision for the future, emotional agility, and a commitment to listening.


First and foremost. And I know this first step, it's gonna irritate some of you, but here it is to move forward. We have to let go of the past. Let go of anger and blame. When two people come together, they create a dynamic and sometimes it's the perfect dysfunction. But when both parties let go of blame, it levels the playing field. So from the get go, you have to decide what you want your future to look like. Because If you have children, your ex will be in your future forever.


S Odoo, you wanna be eternally mired in anger and blame or filled with pride and appreciation and gratitude for what you've accomplished together. When I took a deep fearless personal inventory, I had to own my part in our dysfunction, which gave me an appreciation for the other side and allowed me to be emotionally agile in really hard conversations. That came. Emotional agility. It's critical. Without it, there is no collaboration because in that moment when we get triggered and our amygdala hijacks the prefrontal cortex, we get so fired up, we can't listen, we can't reason, and then we behave in.


We respond in ways that we wish we hadn't. So instead of lashing out with something intentionally hurtful, we have to pause, say nothing for a moment, maybe many moments recover, shift to inquiry and commit to listening. That's emotional agility. Here's what I mean. Ben and I triggered each other constantly throughout our process, but instead of firing back, I paused and I asked myself, what am I missing? And just that idea that there was something I needed to learn was enough to shift me so that I could then ask him, what's really important to you in this?


Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not saying this is easy. This was the most difficult thing I've ever done in my life, but I didn't do it alone. We both chose to prioritize our kids over and above our anger towards each other. We chose kindness, we chose grace. It certainly didn't come by default. But how do you give grace when you fundamentally disagree or you are so hurt or so angry, you don't even wanna hear another perspective. You have to commit to listening.


First, have a dialogue. Listen to learn. We live in a world that values speaking over listening. We are taught to speak, to sell, to make our case. We are not taught to listen. We prepare for difficult conversations by mapping out exactly what we're gonna say, but it's listening that inspires us to ask really good, thoughtful, open-ended questions. And then when we listen, we often learn something in those answers that shift our perspective and open us up to possibilities that didn't exist before.


But we can't get there unless we let go of being right and let go of pushing for exactly what we want. Or in the case of divorce, what we believe we deserve. And I just said, deserve with a capital D, because we can get so stuck in this me belief system that we prevent the possibility of a we solution. Bottom line, divorce is not a failure and there is no shame in ending a marriage. It changes the family dynamic, but it doesn't have to destroy it.


So if you have had a brutal divorce or you're currently in the midst of one, it's not too late to turn it around. And I implore you to try for the sake of your children. I can honestly say that I have a really solid friend in my former husband now. In fact, he's sitting here with my daughter and my current husband. Yeah, Ben and I talk often mostly about our kids, our favorite topic, we share our concerns, our delights.


His perspective is invaluable to me because there is no one on this earth that loves my kids as much as I do except for him. And I would not be standing on this stage without him as my partner in marriage and in divorce. So this is a special shout out. Thank you to him. I am so proud and so grateful for what we've done. So thank you Ben, and thank you all. That was Alison O'Brien at TEDx Boulder in 2024.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LC Member Sip E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.


Hello, I'm Joanna Coles, chief Content Officer of the Daily Beast and the co-host of the Daily Beast Podcast Spring here. It's the perfect time to refresh my space. That's why I love Brooklyn in they make high quality sheets, comforters, and throw blankets that look and feel amazing every night feels like a luxury Shop. Award winners and fan faves in store or online@brooklynn.com. That's B-R-O-O-K-L-I-N-E n.com. And get 15% off your first order today.