
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today, a humorous talk about how not to lose your sense of humor. It's from my friend, comedian and fellow TED Audio Collective host Chris Duffy. He teaches us an important lesson on how to turn off self-judgment. It's a lesson he learned from an unexpected source, his former elementary school students coming up after a


break. Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks Daily is sponsored by A-D-T-A-D-T knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on AD T. Visit adt.com today.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual life Insurance company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin,


and now our TED talk of the day. My favorite part about working in an elementary school is that I could never predict what was gonna happen next. Every day was a new incredible day. There was never a boring moment. I was teaching a class on human biology to my fifth grade students when one of them afterwards handed in this anonymous question card. And you know what really gets me about this? What kills me is we had spent so long studying punctuation, and he still used a period instead of a question mark, what are balls for? Period? At the same time that I was teaching elementary school students, I was also teaching adults improv comedy at a local theater on the weekends.


This was a group of retired folks, graduate students and semi-successful business people who were paying money to spend their Saturday mornings in an unventilated basement with me. And most of the exercises that we were doing together were to get them to let go of the self-critical part of their brain to release the idea that there was a right answer to find, and to instead be more comfortable with their honest, creative, idiosyncratic thoughts. Now, any elementary school teacher can tell you that getting kids to share their honest, unexpected thoughts, that's not something you have to cultivate. They will do that whether you want them to or not. I mean, here are some real questions that kids asked me out of the blue with no context during what was supposed to be a silent work time.


Is it possible to make myself live longer so that I can see the sun explode? Are pigs actually prejudiced against women? Or is that just an expression? If your brother isn't married yet, why doesn't he just marry your mom? And actually that brings up a really important point, which is that kids' ideas are not always good. Sometimes they're very bad. I'm personally very grateful that my mom and my brother are not married. You know, there's some research that suggests that for many of us, fifth grade is close to the peak of this kind of wildly free, uninhibited creative thinking.


But that does not have to be the case. In my experience, the difference between people with an amazing sense of humor and those without is often just whether they are willing to accept and notice their honest reactions or whether they try their hardest to fit them into a box. And that can shift over time. I saw that shift with my adult improv students At first when we would do an exercise where they were asked to name seven things in a given category as quickly and creatively as possible, many of them would get stuck. One guy, Rick, a corporate tax lawyer, answered the prompt seven weird types of shoes by saying, brown shoes, white shoes, black shoes, gray shoes.


I'm not gonna name all the shoe. It was all a lot of boring shoes. You get it? But then after we practiced celebrating our more bizarre thoughts, instead of repressing them, Rick eventually came up with a list that included things like shoes covered in mud, shoes covered in gold, shoes covered in the blood of my enemies, which is like, that's a lot, Rick, actually, that's a lot. It's really a lot, but it's also definitely more interesting. And I think that's the point when we turn off our self-judgment and we just notice the things that stand out to us or that we think we can surprise ourselves in ways that are hilarious and delightful.


And now back to The episode. Every comedian that I know has a notebook or some sort of document where they keep track of all the little odd things that they notice or think throughout the day. And what you find when you start keeping track is that there is no shortage of material out there. There are so much to laugh at and If, you have a little bit of courage to allow yourself to be laughed at and to laugh at yourself. You can make discoveries that you never would have otherwise, right? If, you wanna know what balls are for. Sometimes you gotta ask. I have found that you can find laughter in even the driest places. If, you bring some of that mischievous fifth grade energy to the instructions and to what you're supposed to be doing, right?


It doesn't have to be geometry class. It can be an opportunity for you to hang out with your good friend, Gabriela. Now, I have had the most fun when I apply these lessons that I got from my fifth graders to selfer adult spaces to places where I maybe feel intimidated or like I don't necessarily belong. So for example, for me personally, LinkedIn terrifying. I've never had a professional resume. I've never been comfortable with business networking, but I've also always been kind of fascinated by LinkedIn. Like they let you make a profile and they don't verify that you work at the place you say you work. So I decided I was gonna test this out and have some fun. I made a profile on LinkedIn where I said that I was the CEO of LinkedIn, and I didn't think they would even let me do that.


But not only did they, after I made the profile, one of the most incredible things that has ever happened in my entire life happened, which is that LinkedIn sent this email to everyone in my contact list. They sent that email. Congratulate Chris on the new job. Chris Duffy is now CEO of LinkedIn. That's a better joke than anything I could ever write in my entire life. I was the CEO of LinkedIn on LinkedIn for one year. And at that one year, mark, LinkedIn sent yet another email to everyone in my contact list asking them to congratulate me on my work anniversary.


And at that point, I received a message from a woman named Faith who worked on LinkedIn's trust and security team. She said my account was being locked due to concerns about its inaccuracy. So I sent her back a photo of my license front and back to prove that my name was in fact, Chris Duffy. Faith responded. The thing that we are concerned about is not that your name is not Chris Duffy, it's that you are claiming to be the CEO of LinkedIn. So I responded, faith, you are taking a pretty disrespectful tone for someone who works for me.


10 seconds later, she permanently deactivated my account. It was a short but glorious stint running my own personal social network. And now what am I up to these days? I'm so glad you asked. I'm more than just a fifth grade graduate. I'm actually, I'm the founder and owner of TED. Congratulate me. You know you want to. Thanks for coming to my conference.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMG. Yes. Solo with your partner. Or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the bathroom Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Chris Duffy at TED 2024 and If. you wanna hear more from Chris? Check out how to be a better human wherever you're listening to this show. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


PRX.