
Race. The Rudder race. The Sails race. The Sails Captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Instacart is on a mission to have you not leave the couch this basketball season because between the pre-game rituals and the post-game interviews, it can be difficult to find time for everything else. So let Instacart take care of your game day snacks or weekly restocks and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because we hear it's bad luck to be hungry on game day. So download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants.


Raise your hand If you want your nails to look perfect all the time. Me too. I'm Sarah Gibson, Tuttle from Olive June. And this is exactly why we created the Manny system. We wanted to make it possible for everyone everywhere to give themselves a beautiful manicure at home with our tools and our long lasting polish. Each manicure with our Manny system comes out to just $2. That's right, $2 no more. 30, 40, $50 mannies that you get at a salon and they take hours. Now you can paint your nails on your time and love them more than ever. And by the way, when people ask who did your nails, where did you get them done, you're gonna proudly say, I did them myself. Get 20% off your first Manny system with code perfect. Manny 20 at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20. That's code perfect. Manny, 20 for 20% off at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Contrary to conventional wisdom, Avani Prabhakar says it's being an introvert that led her to a top position at her company in her 2024 talk. Atlassian's chief people officer reflects on how the big shift to distributed work during the pandemic led introverts like her to shine, and how going to distributed formats with intentional togetherness led everyone to do better work and stick around after the talk for a q and a with Ted's head of hr. Rachel Morris, Like many of you, I am an introvert, and I know it sounds ironic because I'm the chief people officer of a large tech company, but I've never been the loudest in the room.


In fact, I've never been the first, second, or even third to offer my opinion. I've always listened more than I speak, and in a world where most dominant voices are often seen as leaders, I've had an uphill battle at work until distributed work changed my life and many others. I've always had what I call as grinder's mentality, and it was shaped early on in my life. I was born in a tier two city called indoor in India, a country that still favors boys.


I was the youngest of three sisters, but my parents were very progressive and they expected me to excel both at sports and academics. Hindi is my first language, not English. And for those where English is not your first language, you may understand that it's one thing to be fluent at English, and it's another to argue your point in it. Well, with all of that prep, when I joined the workforce, it got further amplified because corporate environments expect you to show up in a certain way For you to be successful, you have to be articulate.


You have to be the first one to speak. You should be able to hold the space in the room and the list goes on. Well, I was putting a lot of energy in showing up in a certain way, and it was really affecting my life outside of work. I would come home exhausted and all I could think of was how quickly can I retreat to my room for the night? Well, 2020, fast forward, as we all know, we became remote workers overnight and the future of work was here. Since that day, my company went fully distributed, meaning every single employee could choose every single day where they work from.


We have over 12,000 employees working across 3000 cities and locations in 14 countries, but we are not a remote company. We are distributed. We have over 12 physical offices, which many of our employees choose to work from. But there is no return to office mandate, no compulsory days, just choice. We moved to team anywhere and then we were doing that. We had to really get focused in terms of how we work, because where we work is one variable of the equation, but how we work is the most important variable.


And there isn't spoiler alert for all of you that we had to get really, really good at collaborating first. We had to move to asynchronous ways of working, meaning work happens in its own time. So meetings are not the default. Meetings are the last resort. We use tools such as Loom, which allows you to create shareable videos and content which your teams can listen to, look at it, and react to in their own time by using Loom. We have saved one of the dreaded thought, which I'm sure some of us might have experienced sitting in a meeting, which is, oh my God, this could have been an email.


Like, why we are here by using Loom. We have saved close to about half a million meetings. Second thing we had to focus on was we got really deliberate about how we design our workday. Today, 65% of knowledge workers think that it's more important to respond to a notification rather than moving actual work forward. So we get our teams to really design their day, which is divided in three halves. One designated time for meeting. There is designated work block to only do deep work and focus work, and then there is allocated time to do project work with your teams.


We've also realized that working across time zones can be a real challenge for global companies. So we make sure that the work is not divided beyond two time zones to make sure there's four hours of collaboration time between teams. The third most important aspect is how do you build real connection in a distributed world? And let me tell you, there is a myth that you build connection by sporadic office attendants like you sitting with your mate next to each other, staring at your laptop, you're not building any connection.


What we found out that you build real connection when you bring teams together to work on a problem or on a strategy, ideate new things, but bring them together for a reason. That's when you build intentional togetherness. I also get asked, so have you seen any drop in productivity? And my answer is no. 92% of our employees say that they're doing best work of their lives and one third of them have seen improvement in focus.


Well, working this way, for me personally, it's really unlocked my potential almost immediately. We often argue that smart people think on their feet, and of course many do, but there are lots of super smart introverts who show their intelligence differently. That has been my experience. I fundamentally believe that I've been able to accelerate my career faster in a distributed world. It has leveled the playing field for me and created an environment where career growth was location agnostic.


Today, the talent is not defined by whether you live close to an office or a city. You can be living in Atlanta or Albuquerque and you can find the best talent in any of those locations. So there are lots of benefits I can go on about distributed work. Other thing I would like to say is, you know, when we reduce the future of work to a conversation or an argument between working from office and working from a, you know, home, we are thinking too small.


Sweeping mandates of return to work is a very easy and a safe option, and a lot of organizations use it for whatever various reasons, but having worked in the people space, I can tell you when you give people the choice of when and where they work, you are giving them the key to accelerate their full potential. For me, that is the future of work where we stop focusing on when and where the work gets done and start focusing on the how a world where work works for everyone.


Thank you. Thank you so much for that Avni. Stay with me for a minute. Before you leave us, I just wanna ask a question. You know, you make a compelling case for distributed first teams. How do you approach mentorship in a distributed workforce? So like I said, when you make the choice, you have to build a lot of enablement in the organizations in order to do that, which means starting from entire life cycle of onboarding. So what we experienced when based on where you are in your career and your journey, if you're a new grad or if you're a new hire, you need more curated in-person experience to build that enablement upfront.


When it comes to the leaders, it's a very different skill to have a performance conversation in person versus having it remote. So you have to really switch your entire l and D muscle to build around that. We also have seen that having bite-sized learning is much I import. It's much better you absorb better in a distributed fashion rather than sitting against like a, you know, online training and going through it. So there are various ways, but yeah, thank go. Fantastic. Yeah. Well, if we've got people in organizations that may be considering a move to a distributed first working model, if they're concerned about the impacts on culture, what advice would you give those folks?


I would say when you're thinking about culture because, and based on you know, how distributed and how globally your organization is, you have to get really nuanced about it. So one size will not fit all. You have to cater to different cultures where probably coming together for a different reason makes more sense to build some connection. So it has to be very, very nuanced when you're thinking about culture. And you also have to anchor yourself to two or three values, which you believe in as a company because that'll help you make some decisions. Those will be your guiding principles on this journey. Fantastic. Thank you so much. Another round of applause for Apni. Kakar. Thank you.


That was Avani Prabhakar at TED Next 2024. This talk was Made in partnership with Atlassian. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


And now Two pigeons. Be moaning the fact you can choose the TV you want with DirecTV. So now they can pick out their favorite entertainment when they sign up and save money. Well, la da you mean If you like sports, you can get a sports pack. What about entertainment? Entertainment Pack? It's like finding an old pizza with only your favorite toppings, which for me would be pineapple and toenails. Ew, pineapple Pay for the TV you want. Not the TV you don't. Visit DirecTV stream.com. Service renews monthly at the end prevailing rate unless you cancel online. New eligible customers only restrictions apply.


If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Not only will you find a great selection of frames, you'll also meet helpful advisors and friendly optometrists. Yep. Many Warby Parker locations also offer eye exams. So the next time you need glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses, or a new prescription, you know where to look. To find a Warby Parker store near you or to book an eye exam, head over to Warby Parker dot com slash retail.