
Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Term supply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft Sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed? So you can choose your ideal comfort on either side. Sleep number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.


Hey, prime members, are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. With everything going on in the world right now, it can be really scary at times, even unthinkable to imagine how the future may unfold. But game designer Jane McGonigal is constantly imagining different scenarios for our future on this planet. And she believes that unimaginable and unthinkable are actually the two most dangerous words in the English language in her talk. Why? Helping people expand their imaginations is necessary for our survival.


As a futurist, I think the two most dangerous words in the English language are unimaginable and unthinkable. So I wanna invite you to think creatively and courageously about some hard to imagine possibilities. Let's play a game of what if I'll describe three hypothetical future scenarios. You try to imagine how you would feel and what you would do If you woke up in these strange new worlds. Future number one, it's 2033. Extreme heat, wildfire and droughts have been worse than even the most dire climate predictions.


So now geoengineering is up for a global vote. 9 billion people are eligible to vote yes or no. On a 10 year plan of aggressive solar radiation management, injecting sulfate particles into the atmosphere to block some of the sun's. Ray. The election is called Sun Exit. They're saying a yes on Sun Exit could bring about a 10 year winter, but it could also solve some of our biggest climate challenges. Is it worth the risks, the unintended consequences? How would you vote? How would you educate yourself to be ready to vote? Scenario update. Sun exit passed.


We're doing it. Solar radiation management starts in 10 days now. How do you feel? What do you do in the next 10 days to get ready? Okay, it's one year later. The geoengineering is working. Yes, but paradoxically, trust in science is now at an all time low. People are saying there are mental and physical side effects. Is it just misinformation? What do you do to stay healthy? New future. Okay, it's 2029 now, and your federal government has gone full blown. Zero waste authoritarian style. It is now illegal to throw anything away. They literally took everyone's garbage cans.


Now, composting still allowed, recycling never worked. And garbage. You can't make any of it. Nothing. But there's some good news. Psychologists have invented a new word to capture the positive emotion that defines life in a zero waste age zero ria. It's a combination of joy, pride, and resourcefulness. A lightness of being that comes from wasting nothing and leaving no trace behind. How do you react to these changes? Do you learn new habits, help others adapt? Or do you rise up and join the pro trash resistance or become a reformer? Propose ways to make zero waste society better.


Okay, let's imagine one final future. It's 2031. Climate migration is on the rise. Countries with low fertility rates are competing with each other for immigrants. Governments are building climate resilient welcome cities and paying people to move there. It's part of a new geopolitical movement called the welcome party. Up to 1 billion people are expected to climate relocate with assistance over the next decade. You have been asked to take a personal survey of climate risk and intention to migrate. The welcome party is collecting data to simulate and plan a safe and equitable mass climate migration.


You have to name three climate resilient cities you would be willing to move to given social and economic support. Which three cities do you name? How prepared do you feel to consider this question? Why am I posing these hypotheticals? Well, how often we use the words unimaginable and unthinkable in our journalism. Look how common they've become. We are so often shocked and blindsided by how the future unfolds, but it doesn't have to be that way. At the Nonprofit Institute for the Future in Palo Alto, California, I help people build imagination leadership skills by simulating hard to imagine futures like you've thought about.


Today. Our goal is to improve everyone's scores on three measures of future imagination, like mental flexibility. On a scale of one to 10, how plausible or realistic is this future scenario? In other words, is it thinkable to you? Also realistic hope. On a scale of one to 10, how worried or excited would you be to wake up in this future? We want you to anticipate new risks, but also opportunities for positive transformation. And finally, future power. On a scale of one to 10, how ready do you feel to help yourself and others? If this future were really to happen, this is the number we see go up the most after people imagine themselves taking action in a hypothetical world.


So the next time you have an instinct to describe a possibility as unthinkable or unimaginable, wait, play with that possibility. Instead, help us become a community, a society that can confidently say we can face and we can solve previously unimaginable challenges together. For us, there are no unthinkable futures. Thank you. That was Jane McGonigal at TED Next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines.


And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Breza. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Hey, it's Mark Marin from WTF Here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, and I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it. Well choose Progressives name your price tool, and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com. And now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Not available in all states.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash, sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.


If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Not only will you find a great selection of frames, you'll also meet helpful advisors and friendly optometrists. Yep. Many Warby Parker locations also offer eye exams. So the next time you need glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses, or a new prescription, you know where to look. To find a Warby Parker store near you, or to book an eye exam, head over to Warby Parker dot com slash retail.