
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show. You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day.


I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We see it in the movies. Assassins hit lists, dramatic races to save people's lives. How real can all this stuff be? Well in this wild talk digital researcher, Carl Miller makes it clear this isn't the stuff of movies, but rather of real life. He takes us inside the mysterious workings of the dark web where people are engaging in immoral acts that belong in the halls of true crime. Hold onto your seats for this talk.


Ready to order? Yes, we're earning unlimited 3% cash back on dining and entertainment with a Capital One saver card. So let's just get one of everything, everything. Fire, everything. The Capital One saver card is at table 27 and they're earning unlimited 3% cash back. Yes, chef, This is so nice. Had a feeling you'd want 3% cash back on dessert. Ooh, Tara Masu, Earn unlimited 3% cash back on Dining and Entertainment with the Capital One Saver Card. Capital One. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com for details.


This episode is sponsored by Lumen. Your metabolism is like your body's engine. It powers everything you do from how you move to how you feel, and when it's running smoothly, you feel the difference. More energy, better sleep. Improved recovery Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach that helps you understand what your body is burning that's or carbs just by breathing into it each morning. Then the app gives you daily nutrition guidance personalized to your body's needs. This summer, stay in sync with your metabolism and feel your best, whether you're active, resting, or anything in between. The warmer months are coming spring back into your health and fitness. Go to lumen.me/ TED to get 10% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/ TED for 10% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking simply, safe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simplisafe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, well everyone, good morning. So I'm Carl Miller and I spent years watching people trying to have someone murdered. They thought they were doing it in secret, but they weren't. So the year was 2020. COVID had descended and just like everyone else, I was spending a lot of time online, but I was going on a bit of the internet that I think probably fewer people here have actually been on the dark net. A bit of the internet that thanks to clever technology encryption basically ensures your anonymity and rumors had swirled around the dark net for years that you could buy anything on the dark net, that you could buy drugs, you could buy guns, that you could buy uranium, and also you can buy murder.


I mean, it looks like a website from the 1990s. It looks like someone trying to make clip art as scary as possible. But the, but the offer that the website makes is a serious one. This website is saying, Hey, we are the mafia and now you can deal directly with us thanks to the dark net. So you put on you, you load in your alias, you type in the message, and then it says you can directly transact to have someone killed. And so it was that in 2020, a hacker that I was working with, a man called Chris Montero. He was looking at this website, he was probing it, he was scanning it, he was seeing what he could learn.


And then in discovery, which changed I think both Chris and my life forever Momentously, Chris found a little vulnerability with the way in which this website worked, a kinda little technical gap, If you will, that he could kind of, in a weird way, wiggle through and get into the back end of the website. And there Chris could see all the kill orders being placed. He could see names, addresses, pattern of life information, Bitcoin payments and all the messages trying to have someone killed. So he phoned me. So suddenly we were seeing that there was a, a hit to, to kill someone in Amsterdam, A simple easy person, but high risk of putting me in jail.


They paid almost $2,000. There was a hit to kill someone in Paris for $1,000. A person that needs to go away, her apartment needs to be set on fire. A large order to kill someone in Slovakia, I need you to take down one guy. They say $14,000. There was an order in Hyderabad in India. There was an order in Berlin to kill someone probably working from home. $21,000 for that one. Now, some of these kill orders were short and cut and clipped. Others were long offering lurid justifications as to why it was the right thing that this person had to die. And others still, they would log in almost every day almost providing like real time updates. Oh, the targets just left the house.


This is the car they're driving, this is how they're gonna get to work. But put together, we called all of these orders the kill list. It's, it was the single is the single most grotesque, disgusting, horrible, frightening thing I've ever had to read in my entire life. And it was getting longer all the time. So I did what any sane person would do. I phoned the police and so it was in the middle of COVID. The first two strangers that I'd seen for months were two somewhat nervous uniform police officers from the metropolitan Police stood in my kitchen and I laid it all out for them. I took them through the website, I took them through the hacks. I showed them the orders we'd written, we'd drawn this diagram of how the website worked.


And they looked at it and they looked at me and they looked at each other and they were unfortunately, genuinely quite concerned. I was insane. And it is a bit of a longer story, but ultimately the Metropolitan police decided not to take up an active investigation in the science. But we knew we couldn't step away like these people, these people that whose images we could see, who were, knew where we lived, these people being targeted, they might be in terrible danger. You know, they might not know that someone out there on the dark net was trying to have them killed. So we took a decision, maybe the most difficult decision that I've ever had to make, certainly professionally. And the decision was that I would go and reach the people on the kill list myself directly.


That I would tell them that someone was trying to kill them. And so we sculpted a script, we worked with a psychologist, we worked out how we would try and soften the blow of being told that someone was trying to kill you. And I had to also emotionally embrace myself for this. I dreaded it, the idea that I was about to throw this emotional hand grenade in someone's life. It was absolutely awful. Anyway, this is the call. No, I don't want any information. I'm, I'm trying to give you information. No, I, I don't care. No, sir. Okay, well thanks for your time anyway. Do, do, gimme a phone back if you'd like more information. This is the second call.


Would we be able to arrange a time to be able to Talks Odoo you at greater length about that? Not Saying, you saying, Okay, So it, you don't, you hung off on me. I mean, I wasn't an emotional hand grenade going off in these people's lives. I was awful. I mean, no one believed me. You know, I spent a week, but the, the story was so unbelievably fantastical, dark net, assassins, you know, kill orders that, that I just kept getting hung up on for a week. So we knew we needed to evolve our strategy and quickly, so we got local journalists on the scene. They believed us to go and directly meet the people on the kill list face to face.


And the first place we tried to do this was to reach a woman called Elena in the outskirts of Zurich. I spoke to the local journalist. She, she drove up to where El Elena was living. She took a deep breath. She got outta her car and knocked on Elena's front door. And five minutes turned into 10, 10 into 15. And then at last, after an agonizing way, there was Elena on a zoom call. A woman whose face I'd only seen on a kill order was there speaking to me. And this was the warning I delivered her. Sorry, this is, there's no easy way of really saying this. We've come across some information, which might mean that someone had put some information regarding you on the site. I'm actually not really surprised, Really.


In what Way? I'm having an ugly divorce. It's going on for about, for about three years now. So, and you know, there's money in wool, quite a lot of money. And my husband actually doesn't wanna pay it. So, you know, I'm not really surprised She took it unbelievably. Well, now an important thing to know is that it wasn't just messages going into the site. The shadowy people running the site were also replying. Some of these conversations would go back and forth for weeks or months and we could read all of those as well.


And what we, you know, what we realized when we were reading all of those was that if there were hitmen out there, these were the most incompetent hitmen on the face of the planet. Like they kept losing their weapons or they kept getting lost. It'd build up to the hit and suddenly the target would be too well protected. They'd have to pull out, new teams have to come in and every single time the price would go up, it became really obvious that there were no shadowy hit men out there. The site had no interest in killing any of these people. They were just trying to extort as much money as they could from the people placing the orders. But the people placing the orders, they of course did not know that they were deadly serious when they were trying to have these people killed. And nowhere was that lesson starker than actually with Elena herself.


So after we spoke to the police, and so after we spoke to Elena, we spoke to the police. And sometime after that, the Swiss police did arrest our husband. And only then did we realize that he'd been renting a secret room next to her flat. And in this room there was a flip knife, a telescopic baton, a submachine gun, a Glock nine millimeter pistol, an AK 47 zip ties, a black bin bag, black rubber gloves, GPS trackers, lock picks. That was a lesson to us if we needed it. The, the people writing these orders could be just as dangerous as any duck net hitman.


So who are these people? Who are the people writing these orders? Who is paying $2,200 for a five, five male with blue eyes to be killed? Who? She's Kelly Harper. Kelly Harper is a, a go-getter hospital administrator, one-time college sweetheart of the target of the order who'd been locked with him in a bitter years long custody battle that had raised across the courts and the schools and the hospitals of some para Wisconsin who's paying $16,000 to have a couple removed. Someone that they quite don't quote, quite see eye to eye on something with, which sounds like the understatement of the absolute century. This is a man that's done that Christopher Pence, 40-year-old it Microsoft it security technician, the biological father of 11 children, the adoptive father of five more children.


A a man, a deeply religious man actually, who from a large solitary house in a valley in Utah, secretly potted to have the biological parents of his five adoptive children killed. The, the, the, the order went by the dark net moniker scar 2 1 15. And they actually laid out a bonus structure. So an additional 10,000 to permanent withdrawal court motions, an additional 10,000 to keep her mouth shut until no one. The husband does not know this is happening. Writes the order. Any guesses? The husband definitely did know this was happening. This is a husband, Dr. Ronald ilk, a neonatologist, a doctor, a man who ran an a, a clinic for vulnerable women with addiction issues.


A man who went from a poor rural upbringing in Oregon to a senior city clinician and a man obsessed with controlling all the people In his life, especially the women. A man so devoid of contrition that after his conviction, he's been trying to sell the book rights to his life by describing it as 50 shades of gray on steroids. And it wasn't just here, we saw orders in Nevada, we saw orders in Tampa, we saw orders in Spain, we saw orders in Italy, we saw orders almost everywhere. Now we started working in secret with the FBI and we were passing all of our orders to the FBI. To give you a sense of the scale, over the years that we were doing this, we disclosed 175 paid for kill orders around the world.


32 arrests so far, 28 convictions so far around 180 years of prison time has been sentenced a result of the investigation so far. There's probably more to come. Thanks. And in case anyone's wondering, no, we're not still doing this. So there's a whole other investigation that we did. So the people running the site, it turns out very likely that they were a group of Romanian cyber criminals. And, and some years ago they were then arrested in a rash of raids across Romania. We were then locked out the sites and yet convictions have continued that we have had nothing to do with.


And that is the only reason I can stand on this stage today and tell you about any of this. This is by the way, not a story I really thought I would ever be on a stage and able to tell anyone about. So it's a spectacular moment for me to be able to finally kind of Talks Odoo the world about what we were doing all those long years ago. But what, what, where are we left with? That's, I think the final idea I wanna leave us with. Like what does all of this actually really mean? When I first started doing this, I thought the kinds of cases that we were gonna be dealing with were gonna be to do with maybe organized crime. Big drug deals gone awry. And I think the reality is somewhat more unsettling than all of that.


What this website seems to do in the eyes of the orders at least, is to make taking out a hit on someone convenient and clean and safe and easy. Whereas it wa was once difficult and dangerous and scary is essentially lowered the barriers to entry to ordering an assassination. And I think that that brings us face-to-face with something that is quite disconcerting. The people on this list, the kill list, and the people that put them there are normal people. The perpetrators are basically normal people. They have jobs, they have friends, they go about living their life just like you and I.


You know, and they were going about holding all of that down basically at the same time that they were plotting in secret, constantly coldly, often to have someone killed. I think that they, if there's one thing that unites them all, it was often intimate. Part of violence by the way, spiraling out of control. And I think the one thing that unites them all is a desire for control, a need to have it, an inability to lose it. Control of a thing, control of a relationship of a family, and a willingness ultimately, of course to kill, to get it back. But I think that's where we are. And if there's one thing that I've come away from this whole lurid crazy journey, really thinking we might all be just a little bit closer to the being on a kill list, we might like to think.


Thanks very much everyone. That was Carl Miller at TEDx Manchester in 2025. If you are curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


If you love to travel, Capital One has a rewards credit card that's perfect for you. With the Capital One Venture X card, you earn unlimited double miles on everything you buy. Plus you get premium benefits at a collection of luxury hotels when you book on Capital One travel and with Venture X, you get access to over 1000 airport lounges worldwide. Open up a world of travel possibilities with a Capital One Venture X Card. What's in your wallet Terms apply Lounge access is subject to change. See Capital One dot com for details.


Hi friends, it's Farish Rabi from the So Money podcast here. Whether you're running a non-profit, a school, or a small business, Walmart business is here to support your mission. They make it easy to order what you need from tech and cleaning supplies to everyday essentials, all at low prices, and with helpful tools like spend tracking and tax exempt purchasing for eligible organizations. Because when your operations are smooth, your impact can be bigger. Visit business.walmart.com to get started.


Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.