
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. You've heard so much about advances in AI in the past year and a lot of it right here on this show. It's vital to talk about, especially when we hear warnings about how AI could overtake human intelligence and destroy civilization. In her 2024 talk, computer scientist and AI researcher, Jennifer Golbeck asks us to take a step back. First, she cuts through the hype to clarify what is worth worrying about and what isn't.


When it comes to ai, it's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just, ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDC.


Hi, I'm Bala sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader Through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters, Zuckerman's Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com


Like TED Talks, you should check out the TED radio hour with NPR. Stay tuned. After this Talks Odoo hear a sneak Peek of this week's episode And now our TED talk of the day. We've built artificial intelligence already that unspecific tasks performs better than humans. There is AI that can play chess and beat human grand masters, but since the introduction of generative AI to the general public a couple years ago, there's been more talk about artificial general intelligence or a GI and that describes the idea that there's AI that can perform at or above human levels on a wide variety of tasks just like we humans are able to do.


And people who think about a GI are worried about what it means if we reach that level of performance in the technology. Right now, there's people from the tech industry coming out and saying, the AI that we're building is so powerful and dangerous that it poses a threat to civilization and they're going to government and saying, maybe you need to regulate us. Now, normally when an industry makes a powerful new tool, they don't say it poses an existential threat to humanity and that it needs to be limited. So why are we hearing that language? And I think there's two main reasons. One is if your technology is so powerful that it can destroy civilization between now and then, there's an awful lot of money to be made with that.


And what better way to convince your investors to put some money with you than to warn that your tool is that dangerous? The other is that the idea of AI overtaking humanity is truly a cinematic concept. We've all seen those movies and it's kind of entertaining to think about what that would mean now with tools that we're actually able to put our hands on. In fact, it's so entertaining that it's a very effective distraction from the real problems already happening in the world because of ai. The more we think about these improbable futures, the less time we spend thinking about how do we correct deep fakes or the fact that there's AI right now being used to decide whether or not people are let out of prison.


And we know it's racially biased, but are we anywhere close to actually achieving a GI? Some people think so. Elon Musk said that we'll achieve it within a year, but like at the same time, Google put out their AI search tool that's supposed to give you the answer so you don't have to click on a link and it's not going super well. Now of course these tools are going to get better, but if we're going to achieve a GI or if they're even going to fundamentally change the way we work, we need to be in a place where they aren't continuing on a sharp upward trajectory in terms of their abilities. And that may be one path, but there's also the possibility that what we're seeing is that these tools have basically achieved what they're capable of doing and the future is incremental improvements in a plateau.


So to understand the AI future, we need to look at all the hype around it and get under there and see what's technically possible. And we also need to think about where are the areas that we need to worry and where are the areas that we don't. So if we wanna realize the hype around ai, the one main challenge that we have to solve is reliability. These algorithms are wrong all the time. And Google actually came out and said after these bad search results were popularized that they don't know how to fix this problem. I use chat GPT every day. I read a newsletter that summarizes discussions on far right message boards. And so I download that data chat, GPT helps me write a summary and it makes me much more efficient than if I had to do it by by hand, but I have to correct it every day because it misunderstands something, it takes out the context.


And so because of that, we can't just rely on it to do the job for me. And this reliability is really important. Now, a subpart of reliability in this space is AI hallucination a great technical term for the fact that AI just makes stuff up A lot of the time. I did this in my newsletter. I said, jet GBT, are there any people threatening violence? If so, give me the quotes. And it produces three really clear threats of violence that didn't sound anything. Like people talk on these message boards. And I went back to the data and nobody ever said it. It just made it up out of thin air. And you may have seen this if you've used an AI image generator, we have to solve this hallucination problem if this AI is gonna live up to the hype.


And I don't think it's a solvable problem with the way this technology works. There are people who say we're gonna have it taken care of in a few months, but there's no technical reason to think that's the case because generative AI always makes stuff up when you ask it a question. It's creating that answer or creating that image from scratch when you ask. It's not like a search engine that goes and finds the right answer on a page. And so because its job is to make things up every time, I don't know that we're gonna be able to get it to make up correct stuff and then not make up other stuff. That's not what it's trained to do. And we're very far from achieving that. And in fact, there are spaces where they're trying really hard.


One space that there's a lot of enthusiasm for AI is in the legal area where they hope it will help write legal briefs or do research. Some people have found out the hard way that they should not write legal briefs right now with chat GPT and send them to federal court because it just makes up cases that sound right. And that's a really fast way to get a judge mad at you and to get your case thrown out. Now, there are legal research companies right now that advertise hallucination free generative ai, and I was really dubious about this and researchers at Stanford actually went in and checked it and they found the best performing of these hallucination free tools still hallucinate 17% of the time.


So like on one hand, it's a great scientific achievement that we have built a tool that we can pose basically any query to and 60 or 70 or maybe even 80% of the time, it gives us a reasonable answer. But if we're gonna rely on using those tools and they're wrong 20 or 30% of the time, there's no model where that's really useful. And that kind of leads us into how do we make these tools that useful? Because even If, you don't believe me and you think we're gonna solve this hallucination problem, we're gonna solve the reliability problem. The tools still need to get better than they are now. And there's two things they need to do that one is lots more data, and two is the technology itself has to improve.


And now back to the episode. So where are we gonna get that data? 'cause they've kind of taken all the reliable stuff online already, and if we were to find twice as much data as they've already had, that doesn't mean they're gonna be twice as smart. I don't know if there's enough data out there. And it's compounded by the fact that one way the generative AI has been very successful, is it producing low quality content online that's bots on social media misinformation and these SEO pages that don't really say anything but have a lot of ads and come up high in the search results. And if the AI starts training on pages that it generated, we know from decades of AI research that they just get progressively worse.


It's like the digital version of Mad cow disease. Let's say we solve the data problem, you still have to get the technology better. And we've seen $50 billion in the last couple years invested in improving generative ai and that's resulted in $3 billion in revenue. So that's not sustainable. But of course it's early, right? Companies may find ways to start using this technology, but is it going to be valuable enough to justify the tens and maybe hundreds of billions of dollars of hardware that needs to be bought to make these models get better? I don't think so. And we can kind of start looking at practical examples to figure that out.


And it leads us to think about where are the spaces we need to worry and not Because one place that everybody's worried with this is that AI is gonna take all of our jobs. Lots of people are telling us that's gonna happen and people are worried about it. And I think there's a fundamental misunderstanding at the heart of that. So imagine this scenario. We have a company and they can afford to employ two software engineers. And if we were to give those software engineers some generative AI to help write code, which is something it's pretty good at, let's say they're twice as efficient, that's a big overestimate, but it makes the math easy. So in that case, the company has two choices. They could fire one of those software engineers 'cause the other one can do the work of two people now, or they already could afford two of them and now they're twice as efficient, so they're bringing in more money.


So why not keep both of them and take that extra profit? The only way this math fails is if the AI is so expensive that it's not worth it. But that would be like the AI is a hundred thousand dollars a year to do one person's worth of work. So that sounds really expensive. And practically, there are already open source versions of these tools that are low cost that companies can install and run themselves. Now they don't perform as well as the flagship models, but if they're half as good and really cheap, wouldn't you take those over the one that costs a hundred thousand dollars a year to do one person's work? Of course you would. And so even if we solve reliability, we solve the data problem, we make the models better.


The fact that there are cheap versions of this available suggests that companies aren't gonna be spending hundreds of millions of dollars to replace their workforce with ai. There are areas that we need to worry though, because if we look at AI now, there are lots of problems that we haven't been able to solve. I have been building artificial intelligence for over 20 years. And one thing we know is that if we train AI on human data, the AI adopts human biases and we have not been able to fix that. We've seen those biases start showing up in generative ai. And the guard reaction is always, well, let's just put in some guardrails to stop the AI from doing the biased thing.


But one that never fixes the bias. 'cause the AI finds a way around it. And two, the guardrails themselves can cause problems. So Google had an, has an AI image generator and they tried to put guardrails in place to stop the bias in the results. And it turned out it made it wrong. And so in trying to stop the bias, we end up creating more reliability problems. We haven't been able to solve this problem of bias. And if we're thinking about deferring decision making, replacing human decision makers and relying on this technology and we can't solve this problem, that's a thing that we should worry about and demand solutions to before it's just widely adopted and employed because it's sexy.


And I think there's one final thing that's missing here, which is our human intelligence is not defined by our productivity at work. At its core, it's defined by our ability to connect with other people, our ability to have emotional responses, to take our past and integrate it with new information and creatively come up with new things. And that's something that artificial intelligence is not now, nor will it ever be capable of doing and may be able to imitate it and give us a cheap facsimile of genuine connection and empathy and creativity. But it can't do those core things to our humanity. And that's why I'm not really worried about a GI taking over civilization.


But If, you come away from this disbelieving everything I have told you, and right now you are worried about humanity being destroyed by AI over Lords. The one thing to remember is despite what the movies have told you, if it gets really bad, we still can always just turn it off. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool From Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive Casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law not available in all states.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones, we're thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey. While based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do, but with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Jennifer Golbeck at TEDx Mid-Atlantic in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar and what mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. On the TED radio Hour in the middle school cafeteria, Ty to Shiro always sat with his equally nerdy buddies.


The socially awkward kids were the furthest thing from cool. And He often wondered, Why am I so socially awkward, and what am I gonna do about that? Now Ty is a psychologist and expert on awkwardness, and he has some answers so awkward. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. Subscribe or listen to the TED Radio Hour, wherever you get your podcasts, casts.