
Hey Prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ ad-free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app on your iPhone today subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, SA Salt Lake City Branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Hey, it's Mark Marin from WTF Here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, and I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it. Well choose Progressives name your price tool and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com. And now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law not available in all states.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. When expert collaborator Joe Davis was just 26, he found himself managing people way older than him as he puts it. He had no idea what he was doing, but he came to learn that more than anything Leadership is about generosity. In his 2024 talk, he shares why we must bring more humanity to our Leadership isn. In order to get results, we have to first learn how to connect deeply and personally with our teams. That's coming up. My first job out of college was at Procter and Gamble.


First as a sales rep, then a manager with three reps reporting to me. They were in their forties. I was 26 and frankly I had no idea how to be a manager. I row with them every two weeks visiting stores, yet rarely giving any feedback. I was in awe. Then it came time for year end reviews. I compiled a list of things I thought each person could do to improve, and I launched into my review with Rich and about three minutes in, he cut me off. Hey, wait a minute, TRO you ride with me every two weeks and you've never said any of these things. What the heck? I was mortified. He taught me something in that moment.


Leadership isn't about role or position, it's about generosity. We need generous leaders, those who give of themselves freely without expectation of personal gain so others can develop, grow, and thrive at their full potential. Now, since p and g, I've worked across multiple roles at BCG, the Boston Consulting Group, overseeing teams of three people to 7,000. I also had the privilege of interviewing a number of executives across many industries for my book on generous Leadership. Isn, let me tell you what a leader is and what has demanded them have changed. We now want and need to bring our human selves to work and we expect to see humanity in our leaders.


But let me be very clear, being generous is not simply about being nice as Joaquin Duato, CEO of Johnson and Johnson put it very plainly, outcomes do matter. A leader must get results, but the sooner they can look past themselves and connect more deeply and personally with their people and help unlock all the essential human traits of their team, the sooner they will drive to those results. So how do you be a generous leader? There are seven traits underpinning generous Leadership. Today I'd like to touch on three. Tip number one, be curious and listen generously. No doubt you've heard this advice before and maybe you consider yourself good listener, but let me ask you this, whom you listening?


The senior team, your own Leadership team. How about your direct reports? Direct reports. Direct report. Have you asked your assistant for their insights? Generous listeners ignore the traditional barriers of titles and hierarchy. They ask and listen. They listen to learn, and with that respect, they inspire others. Take Scott Kirby, CEO of United Airlines. Anytime someone's getting promoted to an officer position at United, he schedules a one-on-one interview with them. Can you imagine how rare that is? CEO interviewing every VP candidate. When I interviewed Scott for my book, he recalled sitting down with three candidates for vice president of operations.


Each start as technicians, the people out on the tarmac doing maintenance every day to keep passengers safe and the planes on time. It is a critical function, but many, many layers away from the CEO. But Scott was still curious enough to ask them, what do technicians need most? And each of those candidates said the same thing. Sir, we don't have enough spare parts on site. Scott said, that was such an epiphany for me. Our technicians on the frontline of course, want to do well, but when they don't have the spare parts on hand, they can't do their job with pride. So while Scott knew the financial people would not be pleased, he said, I increased parts in the airport as I believe supporting the pride in our technicians would pay bigger dividends.


Asking and listening helps you better solve tough challenges, but crucially, it shows respect. It tells the person you see them as a human with valuable insights. Tip number two, be vulnerable. Put down the mask. Easier said than done. I fear when I was a young leader, I felt so much pressure to have all the answers. It never occurred to me to be vulnerable. I'm not even sure I knew what the word meant. And even today, many wonder what does it mean? Well, here's an example. I was talking with a colleague about his own vulnerabilities. He said that if he sensed his team was getting lost and they might ask him what to do, and he also didn't know what to do, he would literally get up and leave the room rather than say, I don't know.


Real productive, huh? Finally, one day he thought, this is silly. He stayed in the room and he admitted, I don't know either, and he is astonished at what happened Next, the room would erupted with energy and ideas since the boss didn't know it was okay for everyone to move past their fear, their roadblocks, acknowledge their own vulnerability and get to work figuring it out. Tip number three, be generous in the moment, in every moment, especially when there's nothing for you to gain. That's the true definition of generosity. I was talking to a leader at one of the most prestigious firms in the world. He recalled sitting in a gorgeous conference room with a view of the city that doesn't quit with nine other leaders deciding the fate of today's young interviewees first candidate, great interview scores, super grades, solid resume.


She's in number two, average across the board. That's a no. Number three, knocked it outta the park on the interviews top, scores across the board. Wow. Someone said, we don't see this very often. Wait a minute, another person spoke up. He has a mid 2.0 college GPA. We know people in that grade range just don't last here conversation went back and forth, got a bit heated, but the mood swung to a no. And then my friend who had been sitting there silently biting his time, just listening, spoke up. I have to tell you all something I've never told anyone here before.


I had those grades in college. What can I say? I wasn't focused, but you know what? I got my act together. Got into business school, got hired here, made senior partner, and now I'm the head of this office. What do you say? We give this young man a chance to. Now, this is a lovely story, but here's why it's interesting, because it didn't matter whatsoever to this executive. If this young man was hired, there are plenty of other candidates. Why would he make this vulnerable admission to save a mere stranger? Because that's what it means to be generous in the moment, to take each and every opportunity you get to help others grow and thrive at their full potential even when you personally have nothing to gain.


Generosity is what will move you from the good manager category to an exceptional leader. Your people are not only motivated by your dazzling strategies, your brilliant plans, your inspiring targets and metrics. When they see you, bring your full heart into your Leadership. Isn, share your humanity. That is when they will follow you anywhere. Thank you for listening. That was Joe Davis recorded for TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show.


TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Sica SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Welcome to Peloton where you don't just keep pace with the changes of life. You are running rings around them. Whether you need to dig deep or rise above it, we've got your back, your upper body, your whole body, yeah, and even your mind. Take a deep breath in From home, the gym or the room without Windows at work. This is a workout you literally can't miss. And believe us with a Peloton tread bike and all access membership, you won't want to, whatever change the day brings, bring your best right back@onepeloton.com. Find your push, find your power, Peloton.


Hi, I'm Maya from Girls At Invest Tax season is all about preparation and if you're like most people managing your financial logins and documents, securely can feel overwhelming. One password can help bring order to the tax prep chaos all in one place. Right now, you get 25% off your first year of one password individual or 50% off your first year of One Password families at one password.com/girls that invest. That's 25 or 50% off your first year at one PASS w.com/girls that invest or lowercase one password.com/girls that invest,


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want Soft Sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.