
Hey folks, it's Mark Marin from WTF. It's spring a time of renewal, of rebirth, of reintroducing yourself to your fitness goals, and Peloton has what you need to get started. You can take a variety of on demand and live classes that last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour. There are thousands of Peloton members whose lives were changed by taking charge of their fitness routines. Now you can be one of them. Spring into action right now. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Hey Kristen, how's it tracking With Carvana Value Tracker? What else? Oh, It's tracking in fact, value. Circular trucks up 2.5%, vans down 1.7 Just as predicted. So we gonna, I Don't know, could sell, could hold The power to always know our car's. Worth Exhilarating, isn't it? Tracking Always know your car's worth with Carvana Value Tracker


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LC Member SIP E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I have three daughters, so believe me when I tell you over the years I've read a lot of parenting books and these days it does seem like everyone has an opinion on the best way to parent for university. Psychiatrist Matilde h Ross. The fear and anxiety parents have around getting parenting wrong is so real, but there's a point where all of the expert advice starts to make things worse. In her 2024 talk Maal shares why anxiety is on the rise among parents and why sometimes all you really need to hear is you've got this that's coming up.


It's not that there's anything wrong with parenting books per se, it's just that they can be risky when they fall into the wrong hands. And when I say wrong hands, I mean parents specifically conscientious and dutiful parents, which is most parents. Here's the problem. If you're a parent, you're probably just fine the way you are. All you need to hear is you've got this. But everywhere you turn experts tell you how complicated parenting has become. You should follow their advice on everything from putting your child to sleep, to feeding them, to playing with them, even though humans have somehow been doing this for millennia.


Parenting books run the risk of turning conscientious and dutiful parents into anxious and obsessive parents. What do I mean? I'm a psychiatrist and I have worked at Boston University's Counseling Center for nearly two decades. There's been a lot of hand wringing about increasing anxiety among kids. Over the past decade or so, experts have been lining up to explain why it's cell phones or social media or maybe an over-reliance on therapy maybe. But what if there's a reason hiding in plain sight? What about parenting trends?


The experts have got parents tied up in knots. So much so that the aftermath trickles into my office. Here's what I mean. Students tell me about parents monitoring their location on their cell phone and calling if they've ventured off campus or slept through class. They tell me about parents calling several times a day and getting mad or worried when the busy student doesn't pick up. You can probably imagine how that goes. A generation ago, the experts told parents to get more involved. The pendulum has swung so far in the other direction that is causing new problems.


So now we have experts telling parents the importance of being less involved. What if all these experts just told parents to trust their instincts and do what feels right? Wouldn't sell many books When it comes to managing teenagers, the relationship is everything. They need to feel like they can trust you with an important life decision or with a crisis, but they might not turn to you if they think it will cause an argument or make them more anxious. All the chatter is making parents more anxious.


Clinicians like me think anxiety is contagious and is particularly transmissible to small children. Conflict mostly comes later and these days it's not just coming from books. Everywhere you turn, there's a social media influencer who's been a parent six months longer than you have who is happy to sell parenting advice. Just click this link and pay 10 bucks and you can watch her put her toddler down for an app just a little bit better than you do. Does anyone remember how editing works? I could make a T-Rex look like a baby whisperer if I control the editing.


So if parenting culture turns dutiful parents into anxious and obsessive parents, what's a busy psychiatrist to recommend? Luckily, the perfect antidote to parenting angst already exists in a different section of your local bookstore puppy manuals. That's right. A puppy manual is practically the perfect gift for a first time parent. They contain everything a new family needs to know. They usually start with a section like this, prepare your home, create a space where they can explore safely removing any items that might be damaged by body fluids.


See what I mean? I couldn't have said it better myself. Puppy manuals usually emphasize the importance of making the bonding process go well like this. Don't be afraid to be yourself. A puppy can accept any human or any family structure if they feel safe and loved. Being consistent and predictable helps Your puppy might have difficulty reading you at first, so use effusive displays of affection. Love them with abandon. It might seem like they don't love you back, but that's okay.


They've got a lot to get used to. Not to mention an undeveloped brain. This also applies when they are teenagers. Use positive reinforcement. Reward desired behaviors clearly and just ignore everything else. Puppies don't understand punishment or criticism and these may interfere with the bonding process. Dogs are descended from pack animals. If you leave your puppy alone too much when they're little, they might become sensitive to abandonment. They never frighten your puppy frightening. Your puppy might make them anxious or aggressive, huh?


These puppy people are really onto something. Puppy manuals have quite a bit of information on growth and development like this. Development is a biological imperative in more, mostly just happens. Obsessing about developmental timelines is unlikely to be fun for you or your puppy. Expose your puppy to new things gradually, but do expose them to new things. They must learn to adapt to the human world, which is not a natural environment, and make sure your puppy gets plenty of sleep. They can't grow normally, learn well or regulate their behavior without it.


Plus sleeping puppies are super cute. Here's some guidance on your relationship with your puppy. Barking is normal. Some dogs are loud. Just take a break from them If you need it. You will eventually love them for their working. Your puppy will probably never be interested in stories about your job or your views on politics. Don't worry about it. Play games with them. Isn't that why you got a puppy? There's also helpful guidance about managing a puppy in contemporary society like this.


Dogs have existed for millennia. Your puppy can probably survive without that plastic gadget being pushed by a social media influencer. Your puppy will probably never be chosen for the Westminster Dog Show. Most aren't, so don't worry about it. The Westminster Dog Show is mostly about having the right breeding. Besides those competitions can make dogs neurotic and high maintenance. Someday your puppy might feel like chasing a bunny or playing with another dog.


They will eventually prefer other dogs to you. That's okay. It doesn't mean they don't love you. It means they have a secure attachment. A secure attachment is the foundation for healthy exploration during puppy hood and optimal mental health during adulthood. There you have it. Everything new parents need to know can be found in a puppy manual happily. It's mostly stuff that reasonable people already know. You are the only parenting expert your child needs. You are quite literally evolved for this. So I'll say it again. You've got this.


Thank you. That was Matilde h Ross at TED Next in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed.


Thanks for listening.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Welcome to Peloton where you don't just keep pace with the changes of life. You are running rings around them. Whether you need to dig deep or rise above it, we've got your back, your upper body, your whole body, yeah, and even your mind. Take a deep breath in From home, the gym or the room without Windows at work. This is a workout you literally can't miss. And believe us with the Peloton tread bike and all access membership, you won't want to, whatever change the day brings, bring your best right back@onepeloton.com. Find your push, find your power Peloton.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft Sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.