
Hello, my name is Laura Byer. I'm the head of Brand Partnerships at TED. I'm also a graduate of Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business, where I joined a diverse and globally connected network of business leaders dedicated to building a meaningful legacy. My transformative time inside and outside the classroom provided me with the knowledge and skills to address complex issues and identify new opportunities in the workplace. I engaged with the Georgetown community in ways that sharpened my strategic, analytical, and communication skills, all grounded in a values-based approach to business. I'm now connected with accomplished alumni who support one another's personal and professional journeys. When I finished my master's program, I was ready to excel in business and make an impact on society, which I've been able to accomplish. Here at TED. You can earn a master's degree that fits your future, build your legacy with Georgetown McDonough. Visit msb.georgetown.edu/ TED.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers with LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get Premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront Payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. When I was first starting out in journalism, I remember an editor telling me, don't let perfect be the enemy of good. That is sometimes you have to stop tinkering and ship a product or release the story in order to get it out on deadline. Video creator John Hai battled perfectionism when it came to his online creations and In his 2024 talk, he shed light on how he overcame it to create an authentic online presence and build community. Stick around after the talk for a conversation off stage between John and me where we go deeper into the rise of the creator economy and how all of us can get involved.


I have a confession. As a YouTuber, I make videos for a living, yet I still get severe anxiety every time I go to hit the upload button to post my next video. I finish my video and I go to save it as final, but then I notice that I could trim off a few parts of it. It makes it even better. So I re-save that file as final underscore final. But then I'm like, wait, wait, wait. I can make the audio a bit better. I can make the color more saturated. Lemme re-save it as final. But actually, and then I repeat this process 29 more times until I say 29 more versions of that same damn video until sometimes I honestly still don't upload it 'cause it's still not good enough.


My obsession with perfection got so bad that in my first year on YouTube, I only uploaded six videos. But hey, as they say, quality over quantity, right? What started to bring me out of my spiral was something I remember during my eight years working at YouTube and Instagram where I met many creators and artists before trying to become one myself, and specifically one person who completely changed my perspective on how creativity actually works. And that one person is none other than the one and only James Corden. Yeah, the guy from Katz. You see, James did something so profound and different with his late night show and YouTube channel that he often doesn't get enough credit for it. For years, late night hosts had primarily structured their shows around two formats, two segments, monologues and interviews.


But Cord came along and he is like, you know what? I'm gonna experiment with 109 different formats from Carpool karaoke to Crosswalk musical to riff off to the point where he uploaded a staggering 5,700 videos and he soon surpassed nearly all the other late night shows in subscribers. Despite starting from way behind. And while many of us may remember cording for his popular formats like Cardpool Karaoke, which has now totaled over 1 billion views, we don't even talk about and forget about the many, many flops he's had, like formats, like musical shares, an actual format where he played musical chairs with Cher Impersonators.


That happened. And all of this got me thinking that maybe I should be creating more like Cord. Maybe I should be prioritizing publishing my work instead of just perfecting it. 'cause you never know what will take off. And then it really hit home when I started seeing this trend across different artists, innovators and entrepreneurs throughout time. And I came across perhaps the biggest badass in history, Wolfgang Amadeus. I'm gonna kick everybody's ass Mozart, because Mozart wasn't the masterpiece making machine that history makes him seem to be. No. Some of his early critics called his music far too noisy, but Wolfie just brushed that dirt off his shoulder and he proceeded to make over 600 composition his In his career before dying at age 35, which was far, far more than his peers, who only average 150 compositions despite living way longer.


That was Mozart's method. He was obsessed about quantity as much as quality. He was committed to creating countless compositions that we have now forgotten to get the just small handful of masterpieces. We now remember. Well, let's talk about another example. How about the guy who created this creepy cyborg doll? He got a ton of public ridicule, but by the way, he's also the guy who invented 1,092 other inventions, including a little thing called the light bulb. So yeah, Thomas Edison didn't even have the best light bulb moments yet. He persisted past his imperfections and bad ideas too. Or how about Monet the legendary artist? Most people don't know that he created over 2000 works of art In his career.


But here's what crushes my soul by Monet, because that number should be way higher. You see, Monet was such a perfectionist that one time he worked on a set of paintings for over three years until at the last moment when they were supposed to debut the paintings in Paris. He saw slight imperfections in the corner. So he took out a butcher knife and he slashed through every single painting he made because it wasn't perfect enough for him. But curators and scholars today say that he destroyed over $3.4 million worth of art that night just 'cause it wasn't perfect enough. Which got me thinking, how many of us are too much like Monet instead of Mozart, Edison, or even Cordon? How many of us slash our work at the last second instead of just shipping it?


And how many of us have unknowingly left masterpieces on the floor because we got two in our heads? For me, it was only once I started shifting my mindset from Monet to Mozart that I saw a real change in my career as a creator. That after posting and embarrassing six videos in my first year, we went on to post 173 videos that got over 300 million views. And somehow our channel became one of the fastest growing on YouTube. And yes, we had tons of flops, even more than ever. But I now realize that cringing at your past work is proof of progress. And sometimes perfectionism is just procrastination in disguise. And a lot of our most popular videos were actually our most imperfect. We had videos with not the best coloring, not the best lighting, not the best audio.


Some shots were blurry, yet they still got millions of views. So next time you're working on your next big idea, I beg of you, for the love of God, put down your knife. Be Mozart, not Monet. Every artist, every entrepreneur, anybody who's ever pushed envelope, even a millimeter has experienced anxiety. You're gonna have flops, you're gonna have critics. But I hope no matter what that you keep creating, you keep putting stuff out there. Because the only thing worse than something imperfect is something that doesn't exist. Thank you very much.


And now for the interview between John and myself after he gave his talk, enjoy. And I'm delighted to have John Isha with me now for a little extra conversation about the talk itself, the ideas and how you're feeling now that you're off the TED stage. So first John, what was it like? Was it thrilling? Was it all that you hoped it would be? Oh, I feel like it's the closest I'll ever come to Coachella. Oh my gosh. Like it felt like I, I, it is the closest thing is like speakers, like creators, authors, like we get, 'cause it's just the production is next level. The guests and the audience are next level, the fellow speakers like the entire TED team.


So it was just a dream come true to be part of. And yeah, my, my heart rate is definitely more chill now than right before I went on stage, but it was a memory of a lifetime. Yeah. Achievement unlocked. I love the line in your talk about how perfectionism can be procrastination in disguise. So I'd love for you to say a little bit more about that. You know what's funny, Elise, I added that line a few days before, so I was like, Like, and that's the one that I found really compelling And, and people will come up to me afterwards and I was just like trying to think about, 'cause I love alliteration and I was trying to think about, okay, you know, most people like don't think about perfectionism as procrastination, but really, I was trying to think about who is perfectionism for at some point?


Is it for us, the artists and the creator, or is it really for the audience? Hmm. And as I think about it after a certain point, it's really to make ourselves feel better as much as we may not want to say it. And I started thinking back through every silly little edit I had in that final like 5% of just trying to get it done. I'm like, okay, did the color change? Did that do more for me or for the audience? Did the sound change do more for me or for the audience? And so, so essentially you're saying it's kind of an excuse to not get it done, not turn it in because or not ship as you describe it. Exactly. When it's there and we just have to put it out and like put our knife away. Like the Monet example Yeah. I share is like, I feel like, yeah, we slash it up, but in reality it's like, okay, relax, it's good.


Put it out there. Now that you have internalized this big idea in your talk and are a recovering perfectionist, what kind of advice do you have for the rest of us who might be struggling in this area? That it's a constant struggle. It's like never a binary thing that you get on the other side and like, I'm, I'm Mozart now. I'm not Monet. I, I'm, I'm here to like, put out my work and like, I'm never gonna like try to perfect it. It's a constant struggle. And I think that I, I needed that talk as much as it sounded like the people came up to me afterwards and, and the people who it resonated with because I have to remind myself constantly that like, this is good enough. Yeah. Like this is 99% there, this is 95% there. And for most people, that's a hundred percent.


Yeah. And these final changes are just, you know, again, maybe to make myself feel better, maybe to call my insecurity before I put something out into the world that's, you know, been in my heart and my head for so many months and it's the first time people are seeing it with their eyes and judging it. So it never becomes binary and never becomes a okay, congrats. Like unlocked, you're now a Mozart. It's like, okay, now you always have that interim Monet that you gotta like quiet down Any good enough projects or videos that you've shipped recently that you're particularly proud of now. But were really reluctant to put out At the time, The three that I shared in the, in the presentation, those were the ones that were like, especially the one that got 49 million views.


And I looked back and I was like, oh my God. Like there's blurry moments. And I think there's a conversation of content versus connection, you know, where the, the content may have not been like quote unquote the highest quality in terms of like the media, you know, it was a little bit blurry some moments. Audio is bad. Production Value. Production value, well said. But the connection and what that person was saying, what that video was for folks listening is that that video was me going on the street of Hollywood. And I had this interesting like realization where I was like, okay, who's more popular creators with social media followings or celebrities with massive traditional media following, and I compared like Tom Cruise and Mr. Beast or Logan Paul, Tom Hanks and Dude Perfect than The Beatles.


And there's definitely moments where people didn't know who the Beatles were or Tom Cruise was, or like Tom Hanks, but they knew who the creators were and vice versa. And so even though the footage was blurry, sometimes audio wasn't great. Like the message, the connection with the person talking got across and, you know, the 49 million views like speaks for itself. So I think those were the examples that I have to remind myself of and like, okay, let's move on. Next one. What do you think the future has in store for the creator economy? Because that example I think really shows how much, especially for Gen z, gen Alpha, traditional media is really fading or doesn't have the same kind of clout that it did before or market share as it did before.


So what does the future look like, do you think? I think the future is gonna have more professionals going into it. And like, right, right now, I, I see creators in like two buckets. They're entertainers and then there's educators. And the entertainers are like the Logan Pauls, the Mr. Beast, the Ryan Trahan, like people who put out content that really like captivate you. But I find for the folks who have like a really long career can have a long career, it's, it's not easier. But there, there'll be more of a middle class, it'll be more of an opportunity for folks who are educators. And a great example of this is, is this creator named Dr. Mike. He's a fully licensed practicing doctor, but he makes YouTube videos multiple times a week.


And he talks about medicine, he kind of debunks myths that are out there. And this is him talking about his experience as a doctor while still practicing. You know, myself, I talk about like, you know, like the ups and downs of being a creator of what I'm learning as I'm going through. It's a little bit more meta, but If you look at just about every other industry, like there's a channel called Dental Digest. He's a dentist and he has over 20 million subscribers. There's a channel called N Red, he's a chemist and he has millions of subscribers. Legal Eagle, he's a lawyer, but he has a YouTube channel. So I think more and more people who practice a profession and know how to create content, there'll be at least one for every industry, no matter how quote unquote boring that industry is. And yeah, I actually did a like a, a study where, do you remember this thing called YouTube Rewind?


I dunno if El least you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I do. I do. Yeah. So for, for folks who are listening or may not remember it, it was essentially like 10 years ago, eight years ago or so, YouTube would bring the hundred top creators from all around the world. They would select them and put 'em in this big music video that get hundreds of millions of views. It was kind of like, hey, you made it. You're at the top of YouTube and, and they stopped doing it 'cause it's so hard to identify who the top 100 was. But I actually for the past 10 years is great. I'm putting out a video, I haven't really talked to people about this yet, but I'm working on this other video where it's like, what happened to those 100 people from 2014? What happened to them? Yeah. Like, like where did their careers go and what type of content were they making to cause 'em to either break out and sustain or go broke and become irrelevant.


Right, right. The educators, the people who made educational content sustain more than the entertainers. Interesting. And just do a lot of other takeaways. Interesting. Well, we can't wait to see that. That does seem like a really great idea for you to take on. You know, it's like a big meta story. So Yeah. A lot there. Well, John, I appreciate the time. Thank you so much for stepping off the stage and letting us know kind of your reflections post talk at TED next. Jon Youshaei, thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much for having me. That was John Isha at TED Next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines.


And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Hello, my name is Laura Byer. I'm the head of brand Partnerships at TED. I'm also a graduate of Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business, where I joined a diverse and globally connected network of business leaders dedicated to building a meaningful legacy. My transformative time inside and outside the classroom provided me with the knowledge and skills to address complex issues and identify new opportunities in the workplace. I engaged with the Georgetown community in ways that sharpened my strategic, analytical, and communication skills, all grounded in a values-based approach to business. I'm now connected with accomplished alumni who support one another's personal and professional journeys. When I finished my master's program, I was ready to excel in business and make an impact on society, which I've been able to accomplish. Here at TED. You can earn a master's degree that fits your future, build your legacy with Georgetown McDonough. Visit msb.georgetown.edu/ten.


Your old or broken phone can let you down when you need it most. Perfect. But at Verizon trade in any old phone from our top brands and get the most for it. Up to $2,000 in value for an amazing new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence and a new line on my plan and iPad and Apple Watch series 10. That's like a three for one, and you can get it on any plan at Verizon Trade in your old phone for a brand new iPhone 16 Pro iPad and Apple Watch. The other guys won't give you that. Visit verizon.com today. Additional terms apply service plan required for Apple Watch and iPad up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch.


This Is Page the co-host of a giggly squad. If you're planning a weekend getaway or trying to escape the cold weather here in New York, then check out Banana Republic's getaway edit. They basically curated a packing list for you with effortless looks and premium linen pieces that do it all and fit in a carry-on. So take a trip to Banana Republic and check out their latest drop.