
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better. Head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show.


When you think of hot, you might think about the tragic time you ate, too much wasabi or about getting into your car on a summer day when it feels more like stepping into a sauna, but heat can work in your favor. Like during Verizon Red Hot deal days, get hundreds of hot deals on all your favorites, like iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence, apple Watch, series 10 and iPad on any plan. Only until May 28th for new and existing customers offer available on my plan only at Verizon.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking Into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is sponsored by monday.com. Let's face it, work today moves fast, but monday.com is here to help with their work management product, which enables you to reach your full potential. It's built for more than just marketing teams. It connects entire organizations to gain full visibility, make better decisions, and bridge the gap between strategy and execution. The platform gives you realtime insights into campaigns, content and projects, so you can see what's working, shift gears when needed and make data backed decisions without the guesswork. You'll go from being reactive to strategic plus with built-in AI capabilities. Monday Work Management helps your team work smarter, not harder. Maximize your marketing impact with the first work product you and your team will love to use. Visit us@monday.com to learn more.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Solutions journalist Angus Hervey has been reporting on stories of progress for years. In his talk, he wonders if he's been wrong for reporting only on the good things, but not in the way you might think. He puts a spotlight on overlooked breakthroughs and a world world teetering between collapse and progress, all while asking us what is the narrative we should be telling about our times coming up.


I'm a solutions journalist for over a decade. I've been reporting on stories of progress, but in the last few months I've started to think that maybe I was wrong. Almost a century ago, the Italian philosopher and Antonio Gramsci thrown into prison by Mussolini wrote, the old world is dying. New world struggles to be born. Now is a time of monsters. Those words are haunting it. It feels like it could be. Speaking to us today, A great unraveling is underway, and you know this story because it is everywhere.


The end of the international rules based order power over principle aid budgets obliterated science under attack, Putin, Zelensky Trump, Gaza Hospitals, hostages, Sudan, famine, DRC, rebels, Yemen, Venezuela, Turkey, Hungary, Taiwan, the United States of America, the economic vandalism, the contempt for the rule of law, the casual cruelty, the measles. All of the values that we assumed were universal. Truth, decency, common sense face, not just reversal, but violent backlash beneath the surface, deeper, more menacing, undercurrents.


The digital platforms that were supposed to connect us now do the opposite. Algorithms breed paranoia, manufacturing division, drowning truth and deliberate falsehoods. Carl Sagan warned us about this, an era where people unable to distinguish between what feels good and what is true. Slide almost unnoticed back into superstition and darkness and as we argue online, planetary crisis, firestorms in our cities, plastic in our blood, the pollinators, the permafrost, the coral reefs and IceFree arctic within our lifetimes. The tipping points, loom and gram street's, monsters are at the gates precisely at the moment that we seem least equipped to deal with them.


This is the story of collapse. It is on the front page of all the news sites, is at the top of all our news feeds. We are intimately familiar with its graphic details. You can tune it out, you can turn it off, but you cannot ignore it. There is something missing though from this story. There's no room in it for the words of people like Helen Aro, a nurse from Kenya. What I can say is that the deaths that we used to see from the severe forms of malaria in children under five have greatly gone down and and I think this is being attributed to the presence of this vaccine, the mere fact that we can now reduce these deaths.


It's really great for our community because no one should lose a child. Just over 12 months ago, humanity began the rollout of the first ever vaccine for malaria. And as you can hear, it's working. The kids aren't dying anymore. Already over 5 million children in 17 countries have been vaccinated by the end of this decade. The plan is to reach 50 million. 50 million children finally protected against a disease that has been killing children since before we invented writing. And that is not the only story that's missing since you were last all in this room, 11 countries have eliminated a disease, including Jordan, the first ever country to eliminate leprosy.


Eight countries home to over a hundred million children have either banned or committed to banning corporal punishment in all settings. Zambia, Sierra Leone and Columbia all banned child marriage. Syria rid itself of a 50-year-old autocratic regime. Bangladesh's students sparked democratic change through massive protests. Voters in India, the world's largest democracy, firmly rejected authoritarianism. England, Ireland and Canada extended free contraception to more women. Indonesia launched a program to feed all 70 million of its school students. And did you know that Cambodia wants the world's most mind? Country is on its track to be landmine free within the next few years.


In 2024, fewer people died from natural disasters than almost any year in history. The murder rate in the United States saw its biggest ever 12 month decline, beating the previous record, which was set in 2023 and deforestation in the Amazon decline to its fourth lowest level on record and achievement. That gives me more hope for life on earth than all the rockets that we sent to Mars. Last year, we installed enough solar panels and wind turbines to replace 6% of the world's fossil fuel electricity. This year we will install even more. We are bending the curve. Emissions are declining in Europe and America and have finally leveled off in China.


Electric vehicles are biting into oil demand now. Wind, water and sunshine will overtake coal this year as the world's leading power source. Regardless of what anyone says in the White House, and thanks to artificial intelligence, we are now starting to see breakthroughs we once thought impossible. The biggest boost to human knowledge. Since the scientific revolution, we are determining the structure and interaction. Every single one of life's molecules invented extraordinary new enzymes, new drugs, new materials, controlling plasma and nuclear fusion experiments. Last year we got a new miracle drug for HIV prevention, mRNA Vaccines for Cancer. We found the building blocks for life in an asteroid decoded whale speech and discovered fractals in the quantum realm.


Did you know that sea turtle populations are increasing around the world or that overfishing is declining in the Mediterranean? Or that last year China finished encircling its largest desert with the giant belt of trees. It's very own great green wall. And this year the United States created its largest conservation corridor stretching from Utah down to California. These are all victories from the last 12 months, but they happen because people, often, small groups of people fought for years in sometimes decades. And if we extend our timeframe art even better news, over 4 million square kilometers of the world's oceans have been protected in the last four years.


Air pollution has started to decline in the last decade. Over 250 million children have gained access to clean water, sanitation and hygiene at school. And in this century, this insane rollercoaster of a century, over a billion people have been lifted from extreme poverty. Death from the world's deadliest infectious diseases have halved. And for the first time in history, over 50% of students receive a high school education. We have no precedent for that. A world where a majority of people can read, write, and calculate, where most humans possess the tools to question authority and determine their own destinies.


So Which one of these stories is true? Is this the long awaited fall from grace or are we on a journey to the promised land, collapse or renewal? The answer of course is that it's both. And the truth is that it has always been this way. Even as we rebuilt from the ashes of the Second World War, the shadow of nuclear annihilation loomed the pandemic devastated our communities. Yet our scientific response was revolutionary.


Climate change threatens our future, yet its solution. Clean energy offers us a fairer better world. This is not an easy paradox to hold in your head or in your heart. The understanding that in the same moment innocent people are being snatched off the streets and children are dying in airstrikes. The malaria wards are emptying across an entire continent and in a far away village, under a thousand stars, a young girl who had once to been forced into marriage, the studying equations under an electric light that wasn't there a year ago. Real life isn't a story. History doesn't have a moral arc.


Progress isn't a rule. It is contested to terrain, thoughtful daily by millions of people who refuse to give into despair. Ultimately, none of us know whether we we're living in the bouncing or the upswing of history, But I do know that we all get a choice. We all of us get to decide which one of these stories we are a part of. We add to their grand weave in the work that we do, in the daily decisions we make about where to put our money, where to put our energy and our time in the stories we tell each other and in the words that come out of our mouths.


It is not enough to believe in something anymore. It is time to do something. Ask yourself if our worst fears come to pass and the monsters breach the walls, who do you wanna be standing next to? The prophets of doom or cynic suit said, be told you so. Or the people who with their eyes wide open, dug the trenches and fetched water. Both of these stories are true. The only question that matters now is which one do you belong to?


That was Angus Hervey speaking at TED 2025. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Support for the show comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


When you think of hot, you might think about the tragic time you ate. Too much wasabi or about getting into your car on a summer day when it feels more like stepping into a sauna. But heat can work in your favor. Like during Verizon Red Hot deal days, get hundreds of hot deals on all your favorites. Like iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence, apple Watch Series 10 and iPad on any plan. Only until May 28th for new and existing customers offer available on my plan only at Verizon.


Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy. Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.