
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Something really exciting is happening when it comes to global influence and it's especially exciting for me as someone with Asian identity think Squid Game Cricket leagues, Asian star, Michelle. Yo. We are all watching the rise of Asian culture across the globe and its influence on business innovation and global economy. As Niraj Agarwal shares In his talk from 2024, this cultural and intellectual influence is growing and lasting.


It's coming up after the break.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Hi, I'm Sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it. The most


Support for the show comes from Mint Mobile. You know when you discover a new show that you're binging or a song that you are playing on repeat and you can't wait to tell your friends about it? Well, that's kind of what it feels like when you discover that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan. I am telling y'all about this in this ad, but I'm also actually telling my friends about it in real life because it is such an awesome deal and there's no way I can keep it to myself. I actually do talk about this plan and recommend it to other people. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. I used my own unlocked old phone with a new Mint mobile plan and I was able to port my phone number along with all my existing contacts onto the device. I ditched overpriced wireless with mint mobile steel, and I got three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. So to get this new customer offer and get your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mit mobile.com/talks. That's MIT mobile.com/talks. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at mit mobile.com/talks. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.


And now our TED talk of the day. Our global culture has a fascinating new look to it and it has to do with this guy, Indian actor and musician. Ji Sang Ji Star had risen big time off late. He performed at Coachella last year. He had incredible energy and had the audience in a foot tapping, head banging spell. He had the audience in North America where he toured this year, had the same experience and performed in large Pac in us. You know what is even more noteworthy? Ji does not perform in English. He performs entirely in Punjabi.


ji's. Momentous rise is an indicator of something fundamental happening in the world around us. The West for long has set the cultural and intellectual agenda for the world. But. now East is coming to the limelight as well. Asia today claimed the cultural and intellectual authority all of its own. Yes, JIT is popular, but even more than that, he takes pride In his own identity and is not reduced to a stereotype. If, you are traditional Punjabi gob. Imagine an Indian pop star in the west, dressed in a turban and a kta. My name is Neira Jaal, and yes, I'm a slightly less known Indian than Jit With B, c, G.


Over the last 25 years, I worked on tough problems across industries and have spent time thinking about big picture trends in my current role of leading BCG Asia Asia Wick region. I travel extensively and I meet a wide range of Asians across business, government, and civil society. Drawing on these experiences, I wanna share with you how Asia is changing in ways you may not have imagined and what that could mean for all of us. In the 20th century, most Americans got a taste of Asian culture, but just the taste. If, you went to a local mall, the taste may be quite literally Panda Express.


Asian cultures were somewhat exotic, somewhat stereotyped, but never had full context. Today the scenario is vastly different. Recently, Malaysian actress Michel Yo won the Oscar for the best actress First Asian ever Korean production script game became Netflix's most popular show ever. In us now there are 400 ticket leagues and more than 200,000 kids pick up a bat. So you may ask me, what is driving Asia's rising cultural and intellectual expansion? It has to do with Asia's rising economic power. There's been massive changes in the income pyramid.


By 2030, Asia is expected to have five times as many high income households as it had in 2000. An absolute number harder than the number in the west walk the streets of Mumbai, Jakarta or Shanghai. You can feel it. It's everywhere. Millions of low income households, they're almost all digital natives and they want more convenience and better quality of life. No wonder Asian businesses strive to be more innovative. Asia of course, is incredibly diverse. I would argue the same diversity makes this change even more profound and prolific.


I started by talking about pop culture, but Asia's cultural intellectual influence extends to ideas and business innovation. For long, we've created Asian workers outsourcing and factories. Today, however many Asian are intellectual leaders, they're bypassing jobs with Western multinationals to start new ventures. That's a big shift. Many kids who come to West to study are keen to go back because they spot opportunities in their own countries, and this is disrupting industries. Take FinTech. 20 years ago, FinTech was almost entirely a North American play, hardly visible in Asia and living in India.


It used to seem like a travesty to me. Why? Because back then only a third of the Indians had bank accounts, and many others used to pay outrageous sums of money to money lenders to live a basic life. It changed with the master adoption of cell phones. Today, India's payment system UPI does about a trillion dollar plus of transactions when I go to a local streetside vegetable vendor, he says, sub UPI card, though, please do by UPI. The same change exists in Indonesia, Philippines, or Singapore. Alipay in China does a hundred times more transactions than PayPal. FinTech in Asia is innovative, it's deeply entrenched and is not done growing.


By 2030, I expect FinTech revenues in Asia will be larger than any other part of the world. I could give you any number of such examples across industries. Instead, I wanna step back and talk about the broader intellectual contributions that Asians are making. As a consultant, I deeply believe in the power of three, so I'm gonna give you three of them. First, Asian companies are investing on developing at scale solutions with different but attractive unit Economics take climate, Asia has more politic cities than any other part of the world and is roughly half the planet's carbon footprint driven by adversity.


Many Asian companies are investing at scale in solar production and battery storage. In this case, China in particular has invested massively and the last two decades brought down the cost of solar panels by 95%. Battery storage costs are also declining combined. That is resulting in a huge red decline in the cost of accessing solar power. The sun is coming down, but In a good way, and when I Talks Odoo, the CEOs of these companies, they smile and say Nili, we are far from done. Far from done is really encouraging because if these strengths play out, solar power could muscle aside fossil fuels as a source of energy.


By 2030, Asia will have twice the amount of solar deployment as a west, and thanks to Asian innovation, large parts of the world could have low cost renewable power whenever they like and a new panda may enter a lexicon. The solar panda Asia's second intellectual contribution has to do about solutions rooted in collective. Good young Asians maintain close ties with their families throughout their lives. For them, the group is as important as they are. The same ethos permeates in businesses, so family run enterprises and state enterprises dominate today when many Western companies talk about social purpose and multi-stakeholder orientation.


Remember, Asia embodies that actually Asia pioneered that. The region also continues to raise the bar on social consciousness. A good example is IBA show centers which encourage the elderly to stay involved in their communities originating in Japan. These centers are now traveling across Asia and Asian CU. I know well put it this way, if I had to put a person on Mars in five years, I'd look to the West to make sure the same person survives on Mars. I'd look to the east And now back to the episode, Which brings me to the third intellectual contribution that Asians are making, which is driven by their own unique challenges and what I call a leapfrog mindset.


Take healthcare, Asia is 60% of the world's population and more than half of the burden of diseases like diabetes, cancer, Asian countries cannot replicate the path taken by the western nations as that path is prohibitively expensive and is not always guaranteed to get you the best outcomes they need to leapfrog and take an alternative path. Healthcare that is less costly and gets you to a better outcome and accomplishes more digital technology today offers exciting possibilities. Interoperable health records is one way of addressing this challenge because they allow continuity of care from a small doctor's clinic to a big hospital.


Many countries have stumbled to implement this, but India in this case has taken a big leap forward and digitized 400 million health records. Of course, a lot more needs to be done. The Asian private sector is getting into the mix as well. My daughter recently interned at a startup which does low cost portable diagnostics for diseases like diabetes and respiratory infections in Asian healthcare. I feel the same kind of energy that propelled FinTech to where it is today, and I find that extremely promising. Asia's intellectual contributions can be summed up in my mind. As a new kind of URL, we have unit economics rooted in collective good and a leapfrog mindset.


As you may have guessed, consultants love acronyms too. So what does Asia's rising cultural and intellectual influence mean for the world? In the short term, it may mean some disruption, but in the long term it'll mean progress for everyone. As Asian culture moves westward and as Asian ideas and business innovation take root, our lives will be more diverse, more interesting, and frankly more fun. Our societies will be more resilient as we deal with climate change or potentially a next pandemic. We will have two different paradigms to work with and not just one. So let's embrace Asia's new place in the world.


Let's celebrate our interdependence and the richness it brings us. Let's look to Asia as a place for learning, growth, progress, and excitement. Let's enjoy our Taylor Swift and Jiang too. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If? you could save some cash. Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Terrey while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Niraj Agarwal speaking at TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esef, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. PRX.