
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh writer. Laurel Braitman story is in some ways highly specific to her and in other ways instantly relatable to those of us who have a complicated relationship with striving and achievement in her heartfelt 2023 Talk from TED Women. The writer takes us through a midlife realization of hers with lessons that can apply to many of us after the


break. Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks Daily is sponsored by A-D-T-A-D-T knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on AD T. Visit adt.com today.


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn If. you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be a lot of noise. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it'll just disappear. But with LinkedIn ads, you can be a lot more precise. You can reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant because LinkedIn has targeting capabilities to help you reach folks by job title, industry, company, and more. You can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads right away. I've learned so much about the vastness of LinkedIn because it does seem like everybody is on there. So it's helping me find some leads or think of connections that I wouldn't have otherwise thought of without the technology. It's helping me stay informed and stay educated. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be to be.


And now our TED talk of the day. You could say I had an unconventional childhood for a couple reasons. I was born to Jewish avocado and citrus growers in rural southern California. My dad was a surgeon at our local hospital and my mom ran the ranch where she sold. We sold our fruit commercially and they rescued donkeys. My early childhood was so beautiful, strange, and very privileged, and you could say that I really had nothing to worry about until I did when I was three and my dad was 42.


He was diagnosed with metastatic bone cancer and he was told he had six months to live. He had his right leg amputated and he went in for chemo and radiation, which in the early 1980s for bone cancer was especially brutal. And then miraculously, he didn't die. First we got a year, then we got two, then we got five, and then we got seven. And then when I was 11, the cancer came back and stayed for good. We lived between scans like that's how our time was me out.


And we lived with a constant ticking clock of mortality. We all have a clock like this, it's just in my family. We could hear ours all the time. More often than not. One of his scans turned up something, a back tumor here, a neck tumor there, his other knee. And then he would go in for treatment and then he would come back to us. It was a little bit like a sinister version of the giving tree. Only he was trading body parts for time with us. And then as I mentioned when I was 11, really, he found out this is what was gonna kill him and quickly.


And that's when he decided that he was gonna teach my brother and I all the skills we would need to know to survive without him. And so while other kids were having play dates after school and riding their bikes, my brother and I were in my dad's version of Survival School and we were learning all kinds of things, how to squish a man's eyeballs out if I was ever attacked, all about the Dewey Decimal system. I don't know why. The role of nitrogen and soil health member nations of the United Nations and so much more.


He was also doing a lot of things to be present for us after he died. So things like becoming a beekeeper and putting away enough honey that he knew wouldn't spoil so that we would have it for decades. Or planting trees around the ranch that would shade and feed us after he was gone, or even though I was only 12 at this point, he started a coop of doves and put my brother in charge so that he would let them go at my wedding someday. Throughout it all I knew he was suffering and often in terrible pain, even though he really did not like to talk about it.


And he always used to say that when he couldn't enjoy life with me, my brother and my mom, he would die. And I took this at face value until one afternoon when I was 16. I went into their medicine cabinet looking for something, and I found an unmarked pill bottle with dosage instructions, and I just knew it was a terminal prescription. It was right to die medication before it was legal. I wasn't mad. I immediately understood what he had been saying all those years and that he had a plan, that there was a level of pain and suffering that he wasn't willing to experience.


And I didn't say anything to anybody, just put it back and left. And then six months later, we were on the phone and we got into a terrible fight. It was so stupid. It was about me not wanting to do my college applications. And I was so angry and I hung up on him without saying goodbye and without saying I loved him. I didn't know it, but he was about to take his medication. And I think when it came down to it, saying goodbye to me was just too impossible. By the time I got home, he was unconscious and I would never hear his voice again.


And now back to the episode, I dealt with his death by doubling down on the things he wanted for me. I chased academic honors like a drug. I played, not one, but two division one college sports. I wrote a book. I got my PhD, and then in my mid thirties, I realized I was just completely exhausted. I had been living my entire adult life in a way to prove to myself that I was good because someone who is good is not someone who hangs up on her dying.


Dad, I was using achievement and all of the shiny things that come along with it as a way of anesthetizing my own bad feelings of shame, regret, and fear. Those feelings were so big. I worried that if I let myself feel them for even a minute, I would never ever feel anything else again. But you cannot kill negative feelings, sadly, with work and avoidance and mine came back with a jolt on the outside. I was successful and thriving, and on the inside I was anxious, terrified, and questioning my worth.


By avoiding all of the negative feelings, I was muting the fantastic ones too. I was so scared about missing out and losing more of the best things in life. Joy, awe, love wonder that I couldn't even let myself experience them. I needed to find a new way to be. I wanted to find a new way to be. So I did a bunch of stuff. I interviewed a ton of grief specialists and therapists, and I even went out into the wilderness with no food and no tent to do the thing that scared me most, which was to be alone with my own thoughts and feelings and absolutely nothing to distract me from them.


I learned I can go about five days without eating, about a week without talking to anyone and forever without checking my phone. But what hit me the hardest was becoming a volunteer at a grief support organization for kids. So many of them thought they were bad too. They'd been out of the room playing when their mom died, or they'd said something in anger to an ill parent that they regretted. And I could so clearly see that the painful things that happened to these kids were not their fault. For the first time, I was able to see that that was probably true for me too.


By blaming themselves, the kids were making their losses make sense. Even though it hurt to blame themselves, it gave them a reason for the terrible thing that happened, like losing someone they love for no reason at all. Maybe some of you can relate. Often when we feel difficult things, we blame ourselves because it's easier than admitting we have no control. That's what I had been doing for the 25 years since my dad died. But just because you feel guilt and shame does not mean you did something wrong.


Just because you feel regret does not necessarily mean you should have acted differently. It sounds very simple and it is very hard to accept, But Life is nothing except one long sushi conveyor belt of things that are going to test you and teach you. At the same time. I know this because first I lost my dad, but then we lost our family home to wildfire. The house and everything in it burned, including almost everything that my dad had worked so hard to do and leave for us after he died.


And yet in one small wooden shed that I do not know how, this was spared by the fire behind a bunch of old farming equipment. We found a couple five gallon plastic buckets of my dad's honey. He'd harvested it more than 30 years earlier, and it was still perfect. The ancient Egyptians used honey as a sweetener and also as a natural antibiotic. On one papyrus, it was written that when the sun, God cried, his tears fell to earth and became bees that made honey for the people Life from grief, pain into sweetness, sorrow into medicine.


Two years after the fire my, I lost my mom also to cancer. But quickly this time, she chose right to die too, which was legal now. And because of the experience we'd had with my dad, we vowed that this time would be totally different. No one would be left wondering if they messed up or if she knew how much she meant to them. So we had a living memorial service for her, and we each took turns telling her how much she meant to us, and she said the same thing back. It was so beautiful, and it also really hurt.


I think, If, you can swing it. Everyone deserves the chance to say goodbye. What I know now and what I wish I could tell my younger self is that you cannot have joy without pain. You cannot have resilience without challenges, happiness, without sadness, or bravery, without fear. These things are not opposites. They are partners. There is no such thing as happily ever after. I'm sorry.


There is only sadly happy and happily sad. And that's enough. It's more than enough, honestly. I like to think that before we enter this world, we are asked to sign a kind of cosmic release form, acknowledging the extreme risk. It is to care deeply about anyone or anything, or any place. I imagine it goes something like this. I hereby acknowledge that in exchange for the chance to live, I must accept both pain and pleasure, joy, and sorrow, often at the exact same time.


This is the ticket price for the chance that is to live. It's never too late to sign it. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMGS solo with your partner or discuss it with friends like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo Du, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Laurel Braitman at TED Women 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PR.