
This episode is sponsored by Audible. Can AI predict the source of the next global pandemic, or at least help convince a Hollywood studio to buy a new screenplay? You won't wanna miss what Could Go wrong? An Audible original podcast by Scott Z. Burns, the writer of contagion with special guest appearances like Director Steven Soderberg, Lawrence Fishburne, and Jennifer Ely. You'll listen to a deeply thoughtful, occasionally frightening, and often hilarious audible original podcast that delves head and heart. First into today's burning question, can humankind and AI actually work hand in hand featuring both skeptics and optimists across academia and the entertainment industry? What could go wrong? Follow Scott as he slips deeper and deeper down the rabbit hole with an ever expanding cast of AI generated partners, including Lter, his extraordinarily gifted sharp tongue collaborator, as they co-write and pitch the contagion sequel to Hollywood Execs in this brave new world of human AI collaboration. One question looms large, what could possibly go wrong? Listen to what could go wrong. To find out, go to audible.com/what could go wrong? The next act begins with a prompt.


This episode is sponsored by Upwork. Scaling your business takes more than hard work. You need the right expertise at the right time. That's where Upwork comes in. With over two decades of experience, Upwork was built with a simple and ambitious goal to pioneer a better way of working. Whether you need help with it, web development, design or marketing, Upwork connects you with skilled freelancers across the globe, people who get you and your business. Plus, there's no cost to join. Just register to post a job, browse freelancer profiles, or book a consultation to get started. They make the entire process easier and more affordable. Visit upwork.com right now and post your job for free. That's upwork.com to post your job for free and connect with top talent ready to help your business grow. That's up WO rrk.com. upwork.com.


This episode is sponsored by Dell, introducing the new Dell AI PC powered by the Intel core Ultra processor. It's not just an AI computer, it's a computer built for ai. That means it's built to help do your busy work for you so you can fast forward through editing images, designing presentations, generating code, debugging code, running lots of apps without lag, creating live translations and captions, summarizing meeting notes, extending battery life, enhancing security, finding that file you're looking for, managing your schedule, meeting your deadlines, responding to Jim's long emails, leaving all the time in the world for more you time and for the things you actually wanna do. No offense, Jim. Get a new Dell AI PC starting at 7 49 99 at dell.com/ai-pc. How those ahead? Stay ahead.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Freedom is a fragile thing and something that can mean many different things to different people. In this talk journalist and lawyer, Greg Lukianoff warns against what he calls mob censorship. He asks people to consider what happens when disruptive protests silence opposing views, and reminds us that free speech is a crucial safeguard for truth, safety, and a powerless Shut it down.


That was the order given by Stu angry students in response to a pro-Israel speaker. This is uc, Berkeley 2024 and pro-Palestinian students were determined not to let this talk happen. A call to action went out on social media, urging students to shut down the event, and nearly 200 students showed up. They attacked the venue, they broke down a door, they broke a window, and they forced the speaker to flee. Now, I have defended the free speech rights of literally thousands of students and their right to protest, but you do not have the right to shut down someone else's talk and decide for everyone else who they are allowed to hear.


That is mob censorship, not freedom of speech. But unfortunately, 2023 and 2024 were the two worst years for mob censorship and shout downs on record. Now, to be clear, not all speech is protected, nor should it be. There are certain categories of speech acts like incitement of violence, harassment, and true threats that aren't protected. Indeed, if there is such a thing as a free speech absolutist, I have never met one, but I am an opinion absolutist. I believe that all opinions should be protected and your right to free speech is a human right.


But I also believe everyone's opinion is crucial data to have about the world. But then again, I'm the weird law student who went to law school specifically to study freedom of speech and the First Amendment. There was this one dude who actually laughed at me that I would never find a job in this field. Well, jokes on him. I've been doing this now for 25 years at the Foundation for Individual Rights and Expression Fire. And that 25 years of experience has allowed me to see both how far students have fallen from understanding freedom of speech, but also how principled and even joyful they used to be in defensive free speech not very long ago, I think of West Virginia University about 20 years ago.


It was a lefty student group and they're objecting to a free speech zone policy. Free speech zones is a Orwellian name for these policies that actually restrict and quarantine free speech to little tiny corners of campus. They thought this was ridiculous. So they protested the zone outside of the zone. And what would happen is sometimes locals would walk by and they'd make fun of the students. They'd hackle them, they'd insult them. Wanna know what these students did In response, they cheered their hecklers. They believed, and I love these students, I absolutely love them for this. They understood that free speech belongs to everyone or it belongs to no one.


But unfortunately today, not just students, I feel like Too many people believe in something closer to freedom from speech rather than freedom of speech. But I'm not willing to accept that. I believe that there are four truths that everyone needs to understand that can help get us back to understanding and appreciating free speech and and, and they are. One, free speech makes us safer. Two, free speech cures, violence free. Free speech protects the powerless and for even bad people can have good ideas. So let's start.


Free speech makes you safer. My mentor is a civil libertarian named Harvey Silverglate, and he spent his career in part defending freedom of speech, both on and off campus. But when the idea started to hit campus, maybe back in the eighties, that bigoted or hurtful or hateful speech had to be banned, he would say, I'd prefer to know who the Nazis in the room are so I know who not to turn my back to. Now, Harvey was right. It's about knowledge. Simply. You are not safer for knowing less about what people really think.


So I'll give you an example. Lizard. People who live under the Denver airport do not in fact control the world. They don't. I'm sorry. But knowing that your future husband thinks they do or your congressman thinks they do, or every single one of your neighbors thinks they do is pretty important information to have. To understand the world, you must know what people really think. Truth number two, free speech cures violence. About half of Americans by some estimates, more believe that words can be violence.


And this is especially true, it's actually much worse on American college campuses and culture. Conservative tried to speak at Cornell a couple years back and her speech was also shouted down, and students actually literally shouted, your words are violence. Now I have experienced real violence. I was once punched out. I was randomly assaulted. I got a concussion and I couldn't see outta this eye. For a month worse, one of my friends was stabbed in the chest and I was there. There was blood everywhere, and I was sure he was gonna die.


That's violence. And we insult the victims of actual violence by equating words with bloody violence. Free speech is not violence. It's the best alternative to violence ever invented. Truth number three, free speech protects the powerless. I fear, and I know this is about 15 years ago, that people were showing up on my radar who seemed to have been taught that free speech is the cynical tool of the three Bs, the bully, the bigot, and the robber baron.


Now, this is just bad history. So historically, the robber baron, the wealthy and powerful, have not needed a special protection for free speech because they are wealthy and powerful. And historically, the bully and the bigot at a, in a democratic society, if they have the votes, they still get to call the shots. You only need a special protection for freedom of speech like the First Amendment for people who are either unpopular with power or unpopular with the majority. This is why revolutionary figures like Frederick Douglas, Ida B, Wells Mahat, ma Gandhi, Martin Luther King, and Nelson Mandela all championed freedom of speech.


It's why John Lewis someone I was like, I got to meet actually because he he, he was in my neighborhood a lot. The great John Lewis civil rights icon, he would argue, he would often say that without freedom of speech, the civil rights movement would've been a bird without wings. They understood that free speech was not the weapon of the powerful. It is the best check on power ever invented. Now, truth number four, even bad people can have good ideas. So much time is wasted in social media debates. I can just probably end the sentence there, but but so much time is wasted in social media debates, trying to establish that your opponent is a bad person, as if that's the same thing as saying that they're wrong.


Hopefully by now we understand that good people aren't always right and bad people, good people aren't always right and bad people aren't always wrong. I mean, like it or not, people with truly awful beliefs have made massive contributions. Take Werner von Braun. Rocket scientists got us to the moon also Nazi or take Gingis Khan, absolutely spectacular for trade routes, but or take someone like Thomas Malus reportedly a kind and thoughtful man, but his ideas on overpopulation actually were used to justify famines and mass sterilization, or take another Thomas, Thomas Moore, great intellectual and literal saint who also burned people to death.


But this is morality and accuracy don't always line up. So I want you guys to do a little exercise with me. This is participation time. Participation time. So please look at your neighbor and repeat after me. Just because I hate your guts doesn't mean you're wrong. Just because I hate your guts doesn't mean you're wrong. Yes. Thank you so much. Okay. Okay. Okay. I know nobody hates each other at TED, but it kind of points out how just labeling someone bad is kind of meaningless.


So like that for that matter. Labeling someone, I don't know, like woke or fascist or libtard or grifter, it doesn't have anything to do with whether or not they are right. The way we figure out truth is a process of checking and rechecking and it doesn't work If you just Talks Odoo people you already agree with. And think about the poster boy for questioning his society's sacred cows and certainties. This is of course, the great Socrates. He was so good at questioning certainties and sacred cows that he angered his society so much.


They made him poison himself to death. Cer. Socrates embodied the idea that certainty is the mind killer. Young people used to be the great drivers of free speech, and they can be again. But for that to happen, we all must remember that to understand the world, it's crucial to know what people really think. And that is only going to happen in a situation in which people feel like they can be their authentic selves. And for that, we need free speech.


Thank you. That was Greg Lukianoff speaking at TED 2025. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Es Stefanos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed.


Thanks for listening.


Now at Verizon, we have some big news for your peace of mind. For all our customers existing and new, we are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan and my home. That's future you, peace of mind, and everyone can save on a brand new phone on my plan. When you trade in any phone for one of our top brands, that's new phone, peace of mind. Because at Verizon, whether you're already a customer or you're just joining us, we got you. Visit Verizon today. Price guarantee applies to then Current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions, apply for all offers.


Hi, Brooke Devard here, host of Naked Beauty. Every week I Talks Odoo, my audience about beauty and self-care. I'm someone who spends a lot of time in the bathroom. It is truly my sanctuary. So investing in a smart toilet from Kohler has been life-changing. The Kohler Veil Smart Toilet has a heated seat, hands-free opening of the lid and customizable bidet functionality. It is incredible. But beyond the technology, the design is just stunning. The Veil's curved silhouette in Honed Black, actually inspired creative director and fashion designer Laura Kim, to create a stunning black chiffon dress that debuted on the runway at New York Fashion Week. The creative partnership between Kohler and Laura Kim is changing how we think about everyday objects like a toilet. Transform your routine into something extraordinary with the Kohler Veil Smart Toilet.


Hey, it's Paige from Giggly Squad, real Talk. If there's one store that I absolutely love walking around, it's Sephora. It's my total guilty pleasure. They have amazing brands that other people don't have, and I find something great every time I walk in, and there's literally one down the street from me. So I do that a lot. It's so fun to shop in the store and online and the products are just too good. No regrets ever. For example, one of my favorite beauty brands is Makeup by Mario, who just launched his new lip gloss that I absolutely love. So the next time you're in the market for Great Beauty Shop, all the hottest products and brands only at Sephora.