
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. In intuition today, speaker says it's something we all have, yet it isn't getting the attention it deserves both individually and as a society. In her 2024 talk, sustainability leader Hunt Stein Dosier looks deeper at intuition and its power to help us connect with one another, to navigate an uncertain future coming up after a break.


Support for the show comes from Mint Mobile. You know when you discover a new show that you're binging or a song that you are playing on repeat and you can't wait to tell your friends about it? Well, that's kind of what it feels like when you discover that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan. I am telling y'all about this in this ad, but I'm also actually telling my friends about it in real life because it is such an awesome deal and there's no way I can keep it to myself. I actually do talk about this plan and recommend it to other people. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. I used my own unlocked old phone with a new Mint mobile plan and I was able to port my phone number along with all my existing contacts onto the device. I ditched overpriced wireless with mint mobile steel, and I got three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. So to get this new customer offer and get your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mit mobile.com/talks. That's MIT mobile.com/talks. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month at mit mobile.com/talks. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint Mobile for details.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money cy@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Support for the show comes from remarkable, and I'm really excited to Talks Odoo you about my remarkable paper pro. It's the latest and greatest paper tablet. It's a digital notebook, but it's designed to let you write by hand onto the notebook. It'll help you take better notes because it has a paper like feel. And then there's digital tools that you wouldn't find in a paper notebook like you can copy and paste and you can move and skill and you can turn your handwriting into type text. So I love being at like a TED conference, for example, and taking notes in My Remarkable, which is just one tablet that I can take around everywhere through all the sessions of TED. Remarkable has created a tablet that truly captures the feel of writing on paper, but then pairs it with these really useful digital tools and no distractions. Remarkable is a really thoughtful gift for the thinker. Note taker or knowledge worker, you know, or maybe that sounds like you, in which case it's time to treat yourself. Beat the holiday rush and get your paper tablet@remarkable.com today and now our TED talk of the day.


You all know that feeling, that sense of overwhelm when confronted with an urgent task, thinking if I only try better, work harder. And you put yourself aside time and time again because there are bigger things to think about. When I started working for the United Nations to stuff to the war in Kosovo, it felt like walking into an open wound and I was determined to give it all I had, knowing that the people who had suffered war were my priority by my own wellbeing was not. In early 2002 when I was traveling for work from Kosovo to Kazakhstan, I felt this terrible pain and I started to bleed.


I didn't think much of it. I just took painkillers and continued with work. It was only years later that I realized I had a miscarriage. And instead of this being a wake up call, I just kept plowing on deepening my disconnection with my body and my emotions. Soon after I was in the unique position of having a guaranteed job at the UN for life, which had been a dream of mine, but at the UN in Geneva, the heavy bureaucracy and hierarchy felt all consuming. My sense of purpose got weaker and I felt increasingly out of touch with the living world. So I left my job at the UN thinking we are serving system instead of serving people and the planet.


And I thought something needed to change inside me. And I also felt our systems were outta sync. And maybe this feels familiar to some of you. Those of us who work in climate and sustainability work on transforming or changing systems, but systems don't change themselves, right? It's people like you and me that together change systems. But I don't think we can help big systems change in the long run unless we connect within and the change starts from within us. And lucky for us, there's this beautiful Icelandic concept that can help us do that. My soul searching brought me to intuition within Icelandic is called in and in the company of some amazing colleagues, I've been able to practice research and interview scientists, spiritual leaders and artists from around the world.


And I've discovered that we all have intuition and it's up to us to tune into it, which can be quite a challenge in today's world. Intuition is fundamental to our intelligence, and I don't think we give it the attention that it deserves. Unconsciously, we process a massive amount of information, sensory data that our body picks up, including the brain. While this is unconscious, it still shapes our actions. Our very focused conscious mind can grasp only a tiny fraction of all this data processing intuition helps us tap into this information. It helps us read the room, come up with insights and tune into other people and the world around us.


Sometimes we dismiss intuition as an irrational impulse that we shouldn't rely on or v concept that hasn't been backed by science. But research shows the catalyzing role. Intuition has for creativity, compassion, mental agility, and the human genius. We actually need good intuition to reason well. And without intuition there wouldn't be much innovation. A research on a group of Nobel laureates showed the key role intuition played in their discoveries. And as they shifted between analysis and intuition, it led them to their big leaps. My search for answers brought me back to my roots and helped me see with fresh eyes the Icelandic word for intuition.


Inai helps us reframe intuition because it brings together the scientific and the spiritual, the solid and the poetic. Inai means the sea within and reversed to the ever flowing unconscious mind. The sea within cannot be put into boxes because then it ceases to flow. Stress work and financial pressures can block our access toe. And while we can't get rid of these pressures, we can learn how to clear the way toe when we need it. Meditation and mindfulness practices can help us do that as they regulate our nervous system and we gain clarity in mind. Intuition picks up information with all our body.


So next time you feel something's off, you get tilts down your spine or a gut reaction. Ask yourself, what is my unconscious trying to tell me? Insight also means to see within, to be self-aware. And one of the most powerful ways to see within is to pay attention to how you pay attention and document it. Attention journaling helps you witness how inside plays a role in your life and how best to harness it. And lastly, inside means to see from the inside out and has to do with how we navigate the ocean of life from within with a strong inner compass.


Aligning with insight is the work only you can do. And allowing insight to flow sometimes is involves finding the balance between being and doing. And for many of us, it actually takes discipline to simply be and allow the world to come to us. And now back to the episode. One of the most powerful ways I've seen in say, have an impact in the world is through the work of my dear friend, the Ocean Explorer Rik Sala. When we first met, he was introduced to me as the man who had left academia in order to spend most of his time in the ocean to help save it.


I was intrigued, and I have since then interviewed him both for our film and my film and my book about the role inside has played In. his pioneering work. En Rick's shelter dream was to become a marine biologist. And after having spent seven years as a university, professor en Rick felt as if he was writing the obituary of the ocean instead of providing a cure. So he left his job and he went on to found the National Geographic Pristine Sea Project where he's able to immerse himself in the ocean and explore his ecosystems in a team of scientists and filmmakers. Spending time in the ocean has helped Unmic enormously develop his intuition about what's wrong with the ocean and how to bring it back.


Since 2008, pristine Seas has been able to establish 27 of the largest marine protected areas in the world, covering an area more than twice the size of India. En Rick's story supports research that shows that intuition gets steeper and better with experience, knowledge, and expertise. Also, how we immerse ourselves in the world, consciously or unconsciously shapes how we show up and how we navigate it. The world we live in is very much like the ocean. It's constantly changing, and we need to decide which direction to go.


We are now midway into the decisive decade for climate change. We are taking stock, renewing our understanding and agency as we wayfind and change systems. We also need to renew our focus and vision. And I think insight can help us in three ways. First, like Andrich stories shows, it helps to see the big picture and how everything is interconnected. And secondly, inside grounds us in the present enables us to be be more in charge of our own attention and therefore better prepared for the unexpected. And lastly, as we immerse ourselves in a given task and we connect dots beyond manmade silos, our creativity focus and performance improve.


As we navigate towards new horizons, we need our vivid imaginations to set sales towards the possible. Grounded in insights, innate understanding of planetary and human interconnectedness. Imagination can guide us towards the futures that we dream of. It helps us see in our minds what we intuit to be possible. Because if we can't imagine better futures, how on earth are we going to get there? Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If? you could save some cash. Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Front Stein Dos here at Ted's countdown, Bloomberg Green Festival in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics, all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.