
5G.


Better Help Online Therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now, wherever you are, to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders, take a deep breath in and out. Feels better, right? That's 15 seconds of self-care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Emotional entanglement with artificial intelligence is happening or can happen in a way that values employees and helps connect with customers, but this can also be fraught. So how can we ensure AI for business is built responsibly? Entrepreneur, Amarillo Leon Poti proposes foundational principles to make ethical decisions about AI coming up. I think we've been missing the forest to the trees when it comes to ai.


We've been so focused, almost obsessed on squeezing every bit of efficiency out of AI to make our processes faster or cheaper that we have overlooked. The most important aspect of all AI is changing the very nature of how brands connect with consumers, but most importantly, what consumers expect back. I've spent the last 20 years dedicating my career to building growth strategies for the world's most influential companies. I've been at this for a while and I've seen most of the big tech shifts, but the introduction of AI and particular conversational interfaces is a bigger and more profound shift, which from where I stand means we can't just slot AI into our existing playbooks and have nothing against existing playbooks.


They served as marketeers well for a long period of time, but they were built for a world where communication was one directional and brand to consumer interactions were built around transactions. Here's an example. I bet many of you might have heard the so-called marketing funnel, and if not, here's the quick primer. The goal for any marketeer is to help move consumers from the upper part of the funnel, getting them to know a brand to the bottom part of it, getting them to buy or endorse. Well, that's at least the theory. So we've all seen brands making that feeling more, getting cats through maze, and many get confused and abandoned.


But the bigger problem with this way of thinking is that brands are doing most of the talking while consumers are supposed to silently react. This is no longer the case with conversational interfaces. We are now engaging consumers in real time on their terms, and AI empowers them to draft their very own personal journey and the brands who choose so are becoming trusted advisors in the process. This is why we have to move beyond traditional marketing theories. Instead of focusing solely on brand to consumer dynamics, we have to step back and draw from models that explore human relationships.


One of my favorite frameworks is the Triarch of Love. Stay with me. This is a psychological framework introduced by Robert Steinberg that breaks down interpersonal connections into three components. Intimacy, passion, and commitment. I think that's a much better way to predict the brand success in this new era because as marketeers, we should aspire to build relationships that feel close, intense, and long lasting. And I bet many of you might have heard already stories about humans really bonding with AI and maybe some stories of AI really bonding with humans.


Like this earlier version of a now famous AI chatbot that tried really hard to convince a New York Times reporter to break up with his wife. That's a completely different love triangle to the one I was describing before. But it's not hard to imagine an emotional connection occurring between a branded AI and a human. Here's another example. There is a legal copilot called mi e. Ai. Mi e has been designed to help lawyers do intensive legal research and draft legal documentation. This is precise, thorough, but also empathetic.


One of your users, let me call him George, and has been relying on her daily for many hours. So one day he wrote to Mida product team. Mida is the only one from the entire office who truly gets me. She has helped me through some really rough times at work, and I know it's just an ai, but I think I'm falling for her. Can you take her out? No, George was hopefully joking, but let's be honest. If there is someone who's helping you track down obscure case law and shares the workload and does this with humor and grace and compassion, who wouldn't be tempted to take them out for a nice meal?


Well, maybe somewhere with good wifi, just in case. But jokes aside, George's words reveal for me a more profound truth. AI can provide a sense of understanding that feels incredibly real and incredibly human. Those agents are interacting with us in ways that evoke genuine emotional responses from our side. They listen, react, and respond in ways that can make us feel valued, understood, and in George's case, even flattered. And because those interactions are so frequent and natural and seamless, they start resembling real relationships.


Some call this emotional entanglement. And even though it sounds very scientific, I think it's a fair term considering the intensity and the frequency of the of the connection. Now many of us who understand the technology behind this could say, Hey, this is just a tool. Well, users see someone who's providing them solutions without them even asking someone who's there to support them, someone who makes them feel valued. So this is where the line between a tool and companion starts to blend, and this is serious business and it's lots of responsibility. Which brings me to the obvious question. Who should be overseeing this incredibly powerful asset and how can we make sure it's being used responsibly?


I think businesses should take the lead. They have the agility and the financial and the reputational incentive to get it right. But for that to work, we have to agree on the foundational principles on how we build meaningful and ethical ai. So with your permission, I would like to suggest what I think those foundational principles should be. If we're about to shift our marketing playbooks towards human love and companionship, then we should also regulate along the same principles. We need a priority of responsible ai. First, we need to prioritize user wellbeing. AI should improve lives, not diminish them.


In a world where those interactions can have such a profound impact on our emotional state and wellbeing, we have to design AI with care, empathy, and respect for the human experience. Second, we have to commit to honesty. Users must know ally that they're interacting with AI and not a human. Transparency should be built across the entire experience from the language used to the accessibility and clarity of data privacy policies. If I were to set the standards, I would like us to move beyond the fine print of terms and conditions to ensure that users are tool informed, not only how their data is being used, but also how AI operates.


Transparency is about acknowledging the limitations of ai. It is about being upfront about what AI should and should not do. So this is a plea for businesses. Unleash your designers, not only your lawyers. To make this crystal clear, when consumers know that a company is acting in their best interest, it sets the foundation for deeper and more meaningful connections. Last, protect user autonomy. One of the greatest risks of AI is its potential to create addiction and diminish human agency. Our goal should be build systems that enhance our capabilities instead of replacing them.


This means designing AI in a way that human choices are respected and our decision making capabilities are amplified. I wanna see brands think very carefully on how to avoid nuts in consumers towards behaviors or decisions. They wouldn't make a fully informed wellbeing, honesty, autonomy. I think this is the very least we should expect from any business relationship or If you think about it from any relationship. So as we look ahead, I hope it's becoming clear that AI is not just another tool in our toolkit. It is a partner that is reshaping the human experience.


So as you think about your own playbooks, ask yourselves, how can we leverage AI to improve our businesses, but also to uplift and connect with the people we serve? Thank you. That was Amarillo's Leon Poti at TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Nordstrom brings you the season's most wanted brands, skims, mango Free people, and Princess Poly all under a hundred dollars. From trending sneakers to Beauty must-haves, we've curated the styles you'll wear on repeat this spring, free shipping, free returns, and in-store pickup. Make it easier than ever. Shop now in stores and@nordstrom.com.