
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today, a war reporter who is covering an ongoing conflict that affects us all. The fight for environmental conservation. It's being fought by people around the world, often unseen and unknown, who are battling for the future of our planet. Anjan Sundaram is on the front lines of this conflict and shares its stakes and its heroes coming up after a break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso, Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead, I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner, and so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hello freshs.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/sidedo.


And now our TED Talk of the day. I'm here to tell you about some of the most vital heroes of our time. They fight a hidden war across our world that will define our future. They battle on behalf of a soul to protect mountains, rivers, forests, and the last pristine ecosystems. Yet these warriors pass almost invisible. We don't know their names and we rarely read about them. These obscure heroes are environmental defenders. They amount protests and fight legal and armed battles and have already saved many plants and animals from destruction.


Small indigenous communities make up only 5% of the world's population, but they defend 80% of all the biodiversity that remains on earth. Their stories aren't told in part because many of them live in war zones. I've committed myself to reporting unforgotten conflicts like those in the Congo and the Central African Republic for several years now. I've documented the war for the environment, and I'd like to show you this fight for the future from the inside. The frontline of this war runs right through Latin America.


At least 1,700 environmental defenders have been killed over the last decade. Nearly 70% of these assassinations were perpetrated on the land between Mexico and Argentina. Three years ago, I read that more than 50 defenders were murdered in Mexico just that year, making it the world's deadliest country for the defense of nature. I didn't know how long it would take to investigate these crimes against environmental defenders, so I bought a one way ticket there to uncover and tell the stories of their sacrifices. One of the first defenders I met was David Salazar.


I met him on the Pan-American Highway. His community had hijacked buses and trucks and blockaded the longest highway in the world to protest a planned industrial mega project. Their lowland forest called EL had been marked for destruction to build a new factory complex. They're up against the US and Mexican governments and multinational companies that want this vast inter oceanic mega project to go forward. According to researchers, Mexico's violent cartels also see a chance to boost their multi-billion dollar revenues through theft and protection rackets on their territory.


Governments, companies and cartels stand to profit. When David's protests didn't stop the construction saboteurs burned government vehicles near their forest. Their weapon was fire, which locals call re. We don't know who burned the vehicles, but the community authority. David was singled out. The other men and women organizing the resistance warned me, David's gonna be attacked or even assassinated. The municipal police had once severely beaten him up. That afternoon, I sat down with David In his yard, and I pulled out my notebook, aren't you afraid they'll kill you?


I asked. He said, of course, I'm afraid David wasn't killed. But two months ago, a Mexican court sentenced him to 46 and a half years in prison for damaging property, effectively handing him a life sentence. But David told me, all the world's prisons aren't large enough to fit the defenders, willing to risk everything to protect the earth. I've gotten his community legal assistance. Since the courts don't reliably protect the planet, other communities have armed themselves. On Mexico Pacific Coast, a locality of only a thousand people fights a drone war to protect their ancestral mountain.


A European company has built a huge iron mine nearby and now wants to expand its excavation to this pristine mountain called La Manera. A ferocious cartel regularly strikes the community using drones as it disappears and kills anti-mining activists. The European company denies allegations made by local activists that it's involved in any illegal activity, but the mountain is full of gold. It is also a home to jag jaguars, rare plants, and an intact forest. This isolated indigenous community called Santa Maria doula fights back to defend nature and to defend its culture and its people.


It sends its young men to the front lines. Its scavengers weapons after its victories over the cartels. I'm told it's common knowledge that factions of the Mexican army and police sell weapons to the cartels and communities thereby profiting from both sides of this war. The cartels, by some estimates, Mexico's fifth largest employer recruit young poor men, arm them and have them run illegal businesses in remote places that are dangerous for journalists. Scores of reporters have been killed in Mexico, many of whom investigated illegality and corruption.


I carry cigarettes and chocolate to handout, so any cartel fighters I run into might spare me. And now back to the episode I asked one of Odoo young defenders, the councilman named Pedro to take me to their frontline. He said, I'll take you to the European iron mine, but it's crawling with cartel fighters. s Odoo had just lost three defenders in a cartel ambush and was braced for a new attack. Millions of dollars are extracted each year from the iron mine, but in the nearby municipal capital, the houses were dirty, paint peeled, the walls crumbled.


We drove into a compound with an ordinary low building. I wasn't allowed, of course, to take photos inside, but this is what I saw as I walked in. It was like a fixer upper meets the movie The Matrix. I was surrounded by 50 millimeter guns and assault rifles covering the walls, large drones, walkie talkies, bullets lay on the ground. A carpenter repaired a roof fortified with three layers. I interviewed the base commander, a hefty man named El Choppa. I asked where the cartel attacked here. He said, I looked out into the valley and asked how often they attacked every two days.


They sent four drones this morning. He said, carrying C four explosives mounted on motorheads. They didn't drop those bombs, but they'll be back later today, a fighter jumped out of his hammock and loaded his rifle. Stamos. We're ready. This is how the battle to save nature is waged one mountain, forest and river at a time. The roads were quiet as I drove with Pedro, the councilman to the European iron mine. It was a wide gray mountainside. Mexicans say the mining companies work mont or blend the mountains down.


Pedro pointed up at an old shack. He said, the cartel fighters are behind those walls and we should leave because I'm on their hit list. These remote wars for the environment can seem to not exist. Meanwhile, the international mining companies are winning. So-called Corporate Sustainability Awards That night. Walking on ULAs Beach, I waited for turtles to swim ashore to nest. I saw their soft white eggshells glow in the moonlight in the morning. Baby turtles hatched. The turtles seemed oblivious to the humans fighting around them, or maybe they knew about the environmental defenders.


I've now covered a dozen battles for pristine ecosystems. Rich in titanium, copper, gold water, sand, forests, jaguars, butterflies. Without war, reporters on the ecological front lines, environmental defenders are killed in obscurity. Ecosystems are destroyed in silence, and the perpetrators get away. In my own work, I've shone a light on war crimes in central Africa. I've seen criminals be prosecuted. Yet we won't win the global environmental war unless we pay more attention and join forces with brave defenders around the world.


These small bans of fighters are fearless. They fought colonial conquerors hundreds of years ago, then led fiery revolutions and remarkably hold off heavily armed cartels. Together with them, you and I now need to take on our biggest and most important war to save all that remains of nature and ensure our survival. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMGS solo with your partner or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge, so remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was on John Sundaram at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner. Daniella Rezo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.