
This is, imagine this. I'm your host, Patricia Soka, and here's my AI co-host Jean. Hello everyone. In each episode, BCG experts, join us to explore future scenarios and how leaders can prepare. Now, listen, wherever you get your podcasts.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One, NA member FDIC.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I wanna tell you about SimpliSafe, a company that's revolutionizing home security. What's fascinating about SimpliSafe is their approach to protection, their active guard. Outdoor protection doesn't just react to break-ins, it aims to prevent them. With AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents, they can spot suspicious activity and intervene in real time. It's like having a vigilant security team watching over your home 24 7. Simply save offers peace of mind without the hassle of long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Plus their monitoring plans start at just about a dollar a day, making advanced security accessible to more people. They offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back interested in learning more. Listeners can get 50% off their new Simply Safe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. It wouldn't be a TED Conference without a surprise. And this year definitely delivered with a special guest named Neo Walking on the TED stage. Neo introduced itself to a wrapped audience, and it's fascinating because Neo is standing like a person and talking like a person, but isn't human at all. Neo is a humanoid robot designed by roboticist, Bernt, Ornick Burn's vision is to create a helper that performs household chores like vacuuming and watering plants. After joining Neo on stage and exchanging a fist bump with his creation, Bernt shares the story of Neo's development and how the once futuristic notion of a humanoid robot in your house is already here As a species, humans have mastered energy to the level where it is for all practical purposes, completely abundant.


200 years ago, no one could have imagined a world where energy was so accessible that most people would take it for granted. If you had asked the smartest person on earth whether we could one day summon light with the flip of a switch, they would've said it was impossible even if the brightest minds worked on it together for an eternity. But today, it's just that easy. Energy is everywhere, all around us all of the time. Now, what if I told you that the same is about to happen with labor? We are standing at the gates of a future where the work needed to build the products we use, the services we rely on, and even the chores in our homes will be as effortlessly accessible as energy is today, enabling you to explore new frontiers and focus on what makes you truly human.


Thank you. Thank you, Neil. So I spent the last decade of my life working on building humanoid robots like neo robots that will hopefully soon be able to do almost anything that we could imagine. Now, whether this is helping you with the dishes, helping you do your laundry, or whether this is helping your aging grandma, there's never really been a time better for robots. We have an aging population in need of help, and we have a large labor shortage across most of the global economy, and there's much, much more.


But even more importantly to me, these robots, they promise something greater than just the ability to solve the problems of today. They can solve things that we cannot do today. They can give us back things like time. And as these systems and AI now become both physical and agent, we can start to work towards a future where we actually have an abundance of labor. We can start towards lifting humanity out of this constant battle over scarcity of resources and create a world where everyone has what they need. And I think that will to some extent actually redefine what it means to be human.


But since I'd say around year 1400 when Leonardo DaVinci made the mechanical man, that to me is kind of like the first example of a humanoid robot. These things have been mainly a thing of science fiction, not reality, but this is changing the robots, they're actually here. And when I say here, I don't necessarily mean in videos. They're actually here in our homes, at least If you work at one X where I work, where we now have them in quite a few homes throughout the company and already later this year, I hope some of you guys will have it in your home and join us on this journey.


So that means Neo is now part of my daily routine. So it does some of the chores around the house, some of this is autonomous, some of this is done through remote operation as it's learning. And I Talks Odoo it. I treat it kind of like a butler, like a companion. It's part of the family. And I think it's actually incredibly interesting to also see how this social dynamic develops because this is of course, incredibly useful and fun to have it do stuff I don't wanna do around my home. But it's also really fun to see the beginning of like what will this relationship be between man and machine as these AI become physical? Like I said, the hardware, it's actually here, it took us about a decade of very hard work, but also many people that came before us a lot of time to do the foundational research for us to now finally be able to build a machine that can do almost anything that a human can do.


But it begs the big question, of course, when will they be fully autonomous? When will they actually become truly intelligent and what is the path that will actually take us there? And I think this will be very obvious in retrospective. They need to live and learn among us. We actually need to take these machines and we need to adopt them. We need to put them into our society and let them learn just as we do. So the general convention has been, or general wisdom that robots, they're going to first happen in factories. So we're gonna put these robots into factories. They're gonna do the dull, repetitive, dangerous tasks that they're good at.


And as they do these repetitive tasks, they get better and better, right? They get more intelligent. And after some time we can put 'em into our home, they will be able to do our laundry, they will build our skyscrapers. But this is actually categorically wrong. And we know because we actually tried that. So back in 2022, we took our previous generation wield Humanoid Eve, and we put it into in the industry, and it actually went really well. We solved a lot of kind of narrow specific tasks and it got really good at them really fast. And then after about 20 to 50 hours, the robots, they, they just stopped learning.


And If you think about it, it's not really rocket science because if you're doing the same task over and over every day and it's the only thing you're doing, you're not gonna get very intelligent. There's no information there. And also you're going to generally become very narrow minded, right? We don't like being narrow minded. And If you think about like what is a factory, it is essentially a process that we design to reduce diversity and variance. You want your factory worker to need as little information as possible to be able to do the job and get a high quality repeatable product out. And this is kind of the opposite of what you need for intelligence.


You need diversity, you need to challenge yourself, you need to do new tasks every day that you don't know how to do. And there's a great parallel here to the early days of large language models. So when we use these models today and they're getting really good, we kinda forget where they started. They started with a lot of people trying to make very narrow models. So if I take an example, If you wanted to make a very good writing assistant to write poetry, then you would of course train on all of the best poetry in the world. Makes sense? And then it wouldn't really work. And when we started training these models on all of the internet, right, the complete diversity of all human knowledge, they started working, they became kind of smart.


They started being able to, to a certain extent to reason. And I'd say like understand to a certain extent, what is the question you're asking and how should I answer? And this is also how we humans learn. We need a large amount of diversity for us to be able to develop into intelligent beings. So why should it be different for robots? And it really begs the question then, what is the equivalent of the internet? How do we find this kind of like internet level diversity of information for our robots? Well, we come to the conclusion that this is probably the home now.


The home is this beautiful, chaotic thing. It's kinda like what it was like the messiness that is being human. And I wanna take a small example here. So think about a cup. Now, of course there's many cups in the world and you wanna be able to figure out how, how all of them work. But even If you look at one specific cup, it can be so many things. Is it dirty? Is it clean? It's kind of in the middle. Is it on the table, in the cabinet, on the floor? It can even have a social context. Someone's using the cup, someone's waiting for the cup. Like why is the cup even there? And this is just a cup. Now think about expanding this out into everything and every object and everything going on in your home.


That's the kind of diversity that we're talking about to get to proper machine intelligence. So like any good scientist, right? We have this hypothesis and now we have to test it. So in 2023, we brought our robots home and I had even my house for quite a while. And it was of course doing the standard things like emptying the dishwasher, but also bringing me a cup of tea when I was enjoying playing board games with my friends or serving cupcakes at my daughter's birthday party. And pretty quickly it actually became quite clear that this hypothesis actually was the ground truth.


The home is this incredible diverse source of data that lets us continue to progress intelligence. And lemme show you guys now how this actually works in practice. Oh, thank you Neil. You're doing a good job. It's a bit noisy, but hopefully you can still hear me. So what you see here now, of course is just a subset of tasks that Neo can do. And this is a mix of autonomy for things the robot are good at, is good at, and some remote operation where someone's guiding the robot to basically do expert demonstrations on how to do these tasks. And as we have an increasing number of these robots throughout homes, living among us and learning more and more of this becomes autonomous until hopefully one day all of this will be fully autonomous.


And If you kind of follow along in the field, a natural question to ask at this point would be, why doesn't everyone do this, right? If it's so obvious, well, it actually turns out it's incredibly hard to make a robot that is safe among people. So robots are traditionally these stiff machines that are high energy and dangerous. And this is very different from how Neo works. Neo actually has tendons that gets pulled very loosely inspired by human muscle. And this makes Neo into a robot that is quiet, soft, compliant, lightweight, safe, and really able to live among us and learn among us.


So this is still, of course, incredibly early. We're all the way in the beginning of this journey, but I do hope that in not so long, just like we take energy for granted around us, we will be able to take labor around us for granted. And we might soon not even remember the day where there wasn't always like a helping hand available for anything we wanted to do. But as these machines go around in our society and learn, to me this journey is about a lot more than just you not having to do your laundry. It's about creating a future where we actually have time to focus on what matters to us as humans and getting rid of these constraints.


But also it's an opportunity to really have these machines help us solve some of the outstanding questions that we still have. Like can we have robots build robots? Can we have robots build data centers to progress ai? Can we have robots that build chip fabs to help us accelerate adoption of ai? And I think it's getting pretty clear that we can have all of these things, but it goes even further than that. I hope we can get a future where we have human or robots like Neo that is actually building particle accelerators, that is building labs.


We will have millions of robots around in the world doing high quality repetitive experiments in labs and helping us progress science at a pace that we have never seen before. And I hope that in the future, through this kinda like a symbiosis between man and machine, we can start trying to answer some of the remaining big unanswered questions about the universe and our role here. And I think if we can do that, that will to some extent redefine what it means to be human. Thank you.


That was Bernt Nik at TED 2025 to see Neo in action. Head to TED dot com to watch the video. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Sica Song Maron. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com Or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash, sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.