
TED Audio Collective. You're listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, figuring out what lies outside the solar system is astrophysicist. Avi Loeb's passion and profession. Today he reminds us that new scientific knowledge takes exploring. It doesn't just fall into our labs, his case for finding more evidence of what's happening in our universe after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks Daily is sponsored by A-D-T-A-D-T knows Avi. Loeb can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on a adt, visit adt.com today.


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn If. you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be Avi Loeb of noise. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it'll just disappear. But with LinkedIn ads, you can be Avi Loeb more precise. You can reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant because LinkedIn has targeting capabilities to help you reach folks by job title, industry, company, and more. You can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads right away. I've learned so much about the vastness of LinkedIn because it does seem like everybody is on there. So it's helping me find some leads or think of connections that I wouldn't have otherwise thought of without the technology. It's helping me stay informed and stay educated. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions apply LinkedIn. The place to be to be


AI is shaking things up and it's fascinating, confusing, and sometimes scary. Our new podcast, the TED AI Show, helps you understand what you need to know about AI and how it's changing our world. I'm your host, Bala sdu, a creative technologist and AI innovator, and I ask experts, artists, journalists, and beyond to guide us through the thrilling world of tech and how it's gonna affect the future of our health, art everyday lives and so much more. Each episode will leave you more informed and with tools to help you understand how AI will change your future. Check out the TED AI show wherever you get your podcasts.


And now our TED talk of the day. When I look up at the sky at night, I see a hundred billion stars of the Milky Way galaxy. They look like lights in cabins of a giant spaceship, the Milky Way sailing through space. And I wonder if there are other passengers in those cabins. There are a hundred billion of them comparable to the number of people who ever lived on Earth. It would be arrogant to think otherwise that we are alone, that we are unique and special.


Especially If. you read the news every day. We are not the pinnacle of creation. There is room for improvement. I'm just a curious farm boy and I wonder about the world around me. And I hate to behave like the adults in the room because they often pretend to know more than we actually know. And that bothered me since I was a young kid. And so I decided to become a scientist and answer the questions based on evidence, not based on prejudice, not based on the politics of getting the largest number of likes on social media.


I don't have a footprint on social media. I enjoy nature. Whatever it brings to our doorstep is welcome. So let's just look around. And for 70 years we've been searching for radio signals. This is equivalent to staying at home and waiting for a phone call. That may never come because nobody cares that we are lonely. It may also be that others are addicted to digital screens and they live in a virtual reality as we are at this point in time. A much better approach is to check if there is any object in our backyard that may have arrived from a neighbor's yard, like a tennis ball that may tell us that the neighbor plays tennis.


And we haven't really checked until the last decade. The first object to have been reported by astronomers that came from outside the solar system looked really weird. It was discovered by a telescope in Hawaii when it passed close to earth. It was the size of a football field. It looked really weird because as it was stumbling every eight towers, the amount of sunlight reflected from it changed by a factor of 10, which meant that it has a very extreme shape, most likely flat like a pancake. And moreover, it exhibited a push away from the sun by some mysterious force because there was no evaporation, no commentary, tail around it, no dust, no gas.


So the question was what is pushing it? And I suggested that maybe it's the reflection of sunlight. But for that the object had to be very thin like a sail. And that meant that it was not produced naturally. Maybe it's a surface layer, maybe it's spaced trash, like a plastic bag tumbling in the wind. And so we go back 70 years to a question that Enrico Fermi, the physicist asked at Los Alamos, where is everybody? Well, this is a question that single people often ask, but If, you stay at home, you will not find anyone.


You have to go to dating sites. At the very least, you need to look through your windows for other people. And he didn't seek the evidence. He was just asking the question and keep, keep repeating it. And if we don't look for evidence, we will not find anything. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy. It's a way to maintain our ignorance. And science is better than politics. We can find the evidence if we allocate the funds for it. The Tesla Roadster car that was put as a dummy payload on the Falcon Heavy launch of 2018, it's now moving in a elliptical orbit around the sun.


And perhaps in 20 million years it'll collide with Earth. And if it'll do so unexpectedly, some of my colleagues would argue this is a rock of a type that we've never seen before. We cannot see it with our best telescopes because it's too small. It doesn't reflect enough sunlight. UA was the size of a football field big enough for us to see. And so the next Copernican revolution would be that we are not at the intellectual center of the universe. Not only that we are not at the physical center of the universe, but actually, you know, we arrive to the play relatively late. We're not at the center of stage.


The play is not about us. We should be modest. We keep thinking that it's about us, but it's not. And we better find other actors that will tell us what the play is about. And people often say extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, but they're not seeking the evidence. Actually, extraordinary evidence requires extraordinary funding. Elon Musk argued recently, I don't see any aliens, but new scientific knowledge does not fall into our lap. We had to invest $10 billion in the large hydrogen collider.


In order to find the Higgs boon. We had to invest $10 billion in the web telescope in order to find the first generation of galaxies. This is the way science is done. You need to put the effort in order to find something new. And only over the past decade, we discovered objects that came from outside the solar system. The first one was actually a decade ago. It was a meteor, an object, half a meter in size that collided with earth and burned up in the atmosphere. It was spotted by US government satellites. The fireball that it generated released a few percent of the Hiroshima atomic bomb energy.


And it was moving too fast to be bound to the sun's gravity. And so we concluded it's interstellar. It came from outside the solar system. Could it be a voyager like meteor? Imagine our own spacecraft colliding with a planet like Earth in the future. It would appear as a meteor of unusual material strength and unusual speed, which are exactly the properties of this meteor from 2014. And then UA was discovered in 2017. And finally a comet appeared also from Interstellar space was moving too fast. And so my colleagues argued, well, this one looks familiar.


Doesn't it convince you that the others are natural in origin rocks of a type that we've never seen before? And I say, if I go down the street and I see a weird person, and after that I see a normal person, it doesn't make the weird person normal. Now, the US Director of National Intelligence, Ail Haynes, delivered three reports to the US Congress talking about unidentified anomalous phenomena. The good news is the sky is not classified. We don't need to wait for the US government to tell us what lies outside the solar system. Their day job is national security.


My day job is figuring out what lies beyond the solar system and the sky is not classified. We can answer the question ourselves. So I'm leading the Galileo project. We built an observatory at Harvard University that monitors the sky 24 7, looking for objects that are not familiar, not birds, balloons, drones, airplanes, satellites. So far we monitor half a million objects. Haven't found anything unusual yet, but we keep looking. We're using machine learning software to figure out what we are looking at. And now back to the episode.


But the most exciting endeavor that I was involved in is an expedition to the Pacific Ocean near Papua New Guinea to look for the materials from this meteor that I described before. And the US Space Command issued a letter to NASA confirming at the 99.999% that this object indeed originated from outside the solar system based on its high speed, it was moving faster than 95% of all stars in the vicinity of the sun. It exploded in the lower atmosphere about 90 kilometers away from Aous Island in Papua New Guine. And that meant that the object had material strength tougher than even iron meteorites.


And so I led an expedition in June, 2023 on the ship that was fittingly called Silver Star. And we used the sled with magnets on both sides to search for droplets left over from the explosion of this meteor and saw Netflix. They're preparing a documentary about this research. And the director asked me, Avi, it looks like you are running, because I was jogging at sunrise as I often do on land for a few miles. And he said, are you running away from something or towards something? And I said, both. I'm running away from some of my colleagues who have strong opinions without seeking evidence, and I'm running towards a higher intelligence in interstellar space.


Now we use the sled and collected magnetic particles from the ocean floor about a mile deep. And then I brought them to my colleagues at Harvard University. They look like metallic spheres, very distinct from the background of sand in which they were collected. And my colleague at Harvard Stein Jacobson is a world renowned geochemist. He used them electron micro prob, a mass spectrometer In, his laboratory. And he's a summer intern, Sophie Bergstrom, who found most of our molten droplets. And so I called her the feral hunter. And most of our ferals were actually of a type familiar from the solar system, but about 10% of them looked unusual.


And they had a chemical composition, very different from solar system materials. They had abundances of elements like beryllium, lanum, uranium that are up to a factor of a thousand more than found in solar system materials. They were not from the earth, not from the moon, not from Mars, not from asteroids. And so now the question arises, was this a rock from another star? And of course, one possibility is that there was a natural process that produced it. For example, most stars are dwarf stars, 10% of the mass of the sun. And they are a hundred times denser than the sun and So. if you bring a planet like the earth close to them, they spa tify the planet, make a stream of rocks that could be ejected at a speed similar to that of this meteor.


But it's also possible that this object was of artificial origin. In which case, if we look for bigger pieces of the object, we might find a gadget with buttons on it. And I ask students in my class, if we find such a gadget, should we press a button? Now, some of my critics argued, maybe it's coal ash. So we looked at 55 elements from the periodic table and found that the abundances of elements are very different from coal ash. So it's not coal ash. Others argued maybe it was not a meteor or maybe it was a truck. Well, the data came from US government satellites.


We actually based our search region on the Department of Defense coordinates. And we went 26 times back and forth searching that region. So the next expedition, hopefully within the year, will search for bigger pieces of the object, maybe even the core of the object, because that could have a huge impact on humanity. We all know the biblical story about Moses who looked at the bush that was burning without being consumed with religious. Oh. And that gave Moses the sense that there is a superhuman entity God out there.


Now, Friedrich Nietzche in 1882 argued God is dead. And that gave rise to the modern period of science and technology where humans have this hubris. They lack modesty. Nobody is smarter than us. We are at the top of the food chain. Maybe AI will do a little better, but AI is that just a digital mirror. It reflects our faults. It's nothing better than us. It's not a digital species, it's just us. And if we find a partner out there, of course that will give a new meaning to our existence.


And it's a whole different ball game. Something from another star has nothing to do with us, and we better be ready for that. Not look at the mirror and imagine something like it as science fiction stories do. Now, the good news is next year the Ruben Observatory in Chile will survey the southern sky every four days with a camera that is the size of a person, 3.2 billion pixels, a thousand times more than your cell phone camera. And so if we find more objects like ua, it might give us a sense of modesty.


We might bring back this sense of O that Moses had, except in this time it'll be based on something that was delivered from interstellar space from a neighbor. And that is quite promising actually, because it may change our priorities. Instead of spending $4 trillion a year on military budgets killing each other for territories on this rock, the tiny rock left over from the formation of the sun, we might realize that there is a smarter kid on the block. And that kid may provide a better role model than our politicians.


And if we allocate $4 trillion a year to space exploration, we could send the CubeSat towards every star in the milk UA galaxy, hundreds of billions of them within one century. And it gets better than that because if we find a superhuman intelligence out there, we might learn new physics. The first question I would ask is, what happened before the Big Bang? And they might have quantum gravity engineers that are capable of creating a baby universe in the laboratory. And this job of creating a new universe can be perfected.


And that would help us actually, given that there is Avi Loeb of room for improvement in the world that we inhabit. Thank you. Thank you, Avi


TED. Talks Daily is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who saved by switching save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average 12 months savings with $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem. So designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Avi Loeb speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner. Daniella Rezo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.