
Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Term supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash, sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsy lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny Shop now at Walmart.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I wanna tell you about SimpliSafe, a company that's revolutionizing home security. What's fascinating about SimpliSafe is their approach to protection. Their active guard. Outdoor protection doesn't just react to break-ins. It aims to prevent them. With AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents, they can spot suspicious activity and intervene in real time. It's like having a vigilant security team watching over your home 24 7. SimpliSafe offers peace of mind without the hassle of long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Plus, their monitoring plans start at just about a dollar a day, making advanced security accessible to more people. They offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back interested in learning more. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. When I think about the tools we have in the fight against catastrophic climate change, I mainly think about things like science, data and technology. But for contemporary folk cloris, Lauren Fadiman folklore and geo mythology are also valuable tools for understanding and helping humans adapt to our changing world. In her 2024 talk, Lauren shares stories of environmental collapse across millennia as lessons for the resiliency we need today. That's up next Of all the apocalypse stories to survive the bumpy ride from pre-modernity to the present.


The old Norris tale of Ragnarok might seem the furthest from our reality. It's three straight years of winter seem more implausible. With every record breaking hot summer we endure. The European heat wave of 2018 hit Denmark, especially hard that summer. I was working on an archeological dig with maybe some of the only people who felt happy about the relentless sun dryness. I learned as a way of revealing history hidden just below our feet, but drought threatens loss too. One weekend my classmates and I traveled to a site near Copenhagen that some people believed to be the real world setting of the Beowulf story. If we take the story for its word, then right nearby should be the lake where Beowulf would go to fight to retrieve the head of his magical foe grundle, and there is a kind of marshy lake within walking distance of the site.


But that summer it didn't look like much as a folklore. I felt a premature sense of loss. If a lake were lost to drought, then so too would be everything the lake represents in the Beowulf story, chaos, danger, the unknown. Imagine if Loch Nest dried up. It's the possibility of what lurks beneath its surface that is so stirring, so much so that even if evaporation revealed the monster herself, something would still have been lost in the process. The fact that dry land had managed to encroach on even this supposedly magical marsh felt to me like an obvious bad omen. A harbinger of more terrible heat and terrible loss to come.


That's when one of the professors leading our dig told us the story of Ragnar rock, not the Ragnar rock and three winters of some far off future, but the Ragnarok that some scholars believe happened some 15 centuries ago. It would change the way that I understood folklore and introduced me to a new concept entirely that of geo mythology. The idea that in some stories of the supernatural of gods and goddesses and of otherworldly apocalypse, we can find evidence of real climate change and catastrophe in human history, as well as evidence of human resilience. They say the real Ragnarok began with a volcanic eruption or maybe a meteor strike, or perhaps both in the same brief stretch of time, a possibility so unthinkable that in it fact and fiction seemed to invert whatever it was.


It cast a thick cloud of dust into the sky, a vast shadow across the earth. No one in Europe it seems would see the sun from early 536 CE until nearly the end of the following year. We know this from accounts from across the continent, especially the Mediterranean region, where Romans and Carthaginians reported a lengthy eclipse that brought with it. Freezing summers then came all the problems that accompany a failed harvest. Some scholars think it was the final blow that fell the Roman empire further north where the written word had yet to arrive. The strangeness of this time is written in the land itself. Unusually narrow tree rings indicate a series of short, frigid summers that would repeatedly have killed crops across Scandinavia.


Around the same time, villages were destroyed and graveyards abandoned, left silent after centuries and even millennia of use. Even the gods weren't safe by 600 ad. The solar deity who had long range supreme across Europe had seemingly been toppled from his throne. Archeologists have found Scandinavian representations of the sacred figure defaced and destroyed as if in revenge for the fact that no amount of sacrificial gold had managed to restore the sun. That's where Thor, Loki, and Odin come in. New Gods would inherit this new world. Ragnarok is a story of the apocalypse, but also what comes after Gods are killed, but then reborn and all the world is rejuvenated with them.


We can imagine that such a cycle of rebirth felt right in a world that had died and yet somehow kept on living. These new gods are less straightforward than the sun, more and morally ambiguous, harder to pin down. You might recognize them with all their flaws from the Marvel films. They're flawed like people, flawed like those ancestors of the old Norris who had been forced to commit and bear witness to terrible acts of survival, but they had survived. It is this heritage that some scholars, especially the Swedish archeologists, Bo Grassland and Neil Price, think we can read in and between the lines of the Ragnar Rock story.


If so, Ragnarok joins the ranks of geo mythological tales. Another example might be the great flood, which we see everywhere from Genesis to Gilgamesh. There are stories that remind us we are far from the first to experience environmental catastrophe and the complicated emotions that come with it. Ambivalence, despair, fear, guilt, uncertainty, anger at ourselves and at the fragility of our world. But these stories also remind us that people have overcome these challenges in the past, doing the unthinkable in order to survive. Even as in the case of those ancestors of the old North reinventing aspects of their culture that we too often treat as fixed.


Realizing that the rock and rock story might be rooted in reality has been revelatory to me. The fact that it would then have to have been passed down orally for hundreds of years before being written down is a testament, I think, to the importance of its message then and now. Folklore is more than a collection of stories. It is the preservation of culture as well as a lesson in preserving culture under some of the most challenging circumstances imaginable. Of course, it is not just about preserving culture. It's also a matter of changing culture and geo. Mythological tales remind us that people have done that in the past. Just as the ancestors of the old nurse fell gods and raised new ones. In the effort to transform our world, we can and must muster the courage to topple gods of our own in the effort to transform our world.


Now, in the perilous present, stories like Ragnarok invite us to think of ourselves in continuity with the past, which is to say capable of the same cultural shifts and swerves of an earlier time. After all, if I could do it in the Iron Age, certainly we can now. Thank you. That was Laura Fatman at TED Countdown's Dilemma event in Brussels in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member DC.


Hey folks, it's Mark Marin from WTF. It's Spring a time of renewal, of rebirth, of reintroducing yourself to your fitness goals, and Peloton has what you need to get started. You can take a variety of on demand and live classes that last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour. There are thousands of Peloton members whose lives were changed by taking charge of their fitness routines. Now you can be one of them. Spring into action right now. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.