
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise. Hugh Food has the power to shape our futures. In her 2024 talk food ethnographer, June, Jo, Lee, decodes, the rich meaning behind what we choose to eat, how it connects us to the past, and how the pallets of younger generations can point away to tomorrow after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just, ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If? you could save some cash. Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


And now our TED talk of the day We all eat. But have you considered what you eat is more than taste trends and nutrition. What we think is good to eat reveals our modern hungers, our deepest desires and greatest needs for self-improvement, for connection. Also, dreams of our future. Kids are our future, right? So try a square pizza with some chocolate milk and maybe a fruit cup to taste the future. A school lunch reveals our values as well as the modern complexities of food.


How we're eating is eating up our worlds. I'm June Jo Lee a food ethnographer. Tell me what's good to eat so I can see who you're becoming. And if I know who you're becoming, I'll know what you'll be eating. Food is my portal. To understand generational changes and to track early signals, join me to decode Gen Z, born 1997 to 2012. How they talk about food is unlike any generation I've studied before. My approach is simple. I ask what's delicious to you?


What feeds your life? Like any relationship, it begins with attraction. It's founded on respect, and it's 95% listening with great care and can be done over a shared meal or snack. Why do I care so much about this work? Because I almost lost my own genzer. My son blew. He'd stopped talking to me by middle school. And in 2018, I got the call, mom, I'm not doing so well. I need help.


And the only thing I had to save my son was my work, my ethnography. You see, I used to be a tiger mom. I thought being a mom meant to tell my son who to become what to do. I never asked him who he was, what he wanted. He told me, you exhaust me. You think I'm in your head. And he asked me, why don't you just treat me like you're ethnography? Not your son, ethno me mom.


And in that moment, my heart broke, but I did it. I my own son. I asked him, what's your unforgettable bite? Your tricky mouthful. How does it feel to be in the world? And he told me, I feel like I'm just learning to surf on the edge of crashing into the waves and plunging into the water and not being able to breathe or know if I'm up or down. But maybe someday I'll get good at surfing. Gen Z like blue are open fluid queer.


By default, They are globally connected, hyper self-aware and data-based. They're feeling everything. Digital devices are nourishing, digital is also disorienting. Gen Z are power users of the future, learning to ride the waves of a chaotic era. And now back to the episode, Gen Z, like Luis, entered adulthood tagged by a global pandemic learning and solitary confinement and living on a terminal timeline.


I asked Luis, how does the world taste? And he said, spicy climate tastes a lot spicier than it used to. It's demotivating when people are telling you, dude, all the carbons already in the atmosphere at irreversible levels. You know, money hungry people aren't gonna stop being money hungry. Luis is the first saraia to attend Stanford University. And for Luis, life is as simple and as complex as tacos. He told me I can't. I'm so proud. My culture created something so delicious for Luis.


Tacos are family. Tacos are friends. Tacos are hope. Gen Z are carrying hot sauce in their backpack to make bland, no change food. Palatable. There are hot sauce to tell us they're just at the starting line. It's not the finish line for them, and they're more than hot sauce. Olivia is a future food systems entrepreneur. I asked her, how are you learning to care more about food? And she told me, well, I am zero waste tifying from my fancy scraps, popups. And this weekend I'm volunteering at a Cabbage three way workshop so I can learn how to make kimchi, palai and sauerkraut.


Gen Z like Olivia are learning to care more about what they eat and donate. Waste hurts, wastes a resource out of place. And Gen Z are resources determined to find their place in well-functioning cultures. And it's not easy. It hurts not to be creative. Gen Z are Kim Ching their way through our hot messes, fermenting and upcycling, more delicious and nutritious worlds. So blue is my love story of more care, reconnecting and curing our separation.


Earlier this year, I snogged Blue again. What's the flavor of trust? Flavory. Flavory is seems more reliable. What is the flavor of change? Sour. Because things, when things decay, they change sour. I'm just trying to make the most out of a present moment. You can't really predict how things are gonna change. Instead of planning out like a very specific life trajectory, just kind of go with what happens. I love you blue.


Love you too. Mom. Can you ask me a question? Ask me anything. What's your salad dressing recipe? Let's root for our kids, all our kids, to make it to shore. Gen Z are our hot sauce. Our kimchi are mentors of new ways. They have challenged me, inspired me, and helped me become a better human and a better mom. You can be a food ethnographer too. It's not that hard. Here's how. Start by asking what's your flavor of home?


What makes you go? Hmm? What makes you go? Hmm? How are you learning to care more about food in your life? We all eat, so we all have the power to shape our future. What do you feel is good to eat? And how can we make more of that? Thank you. That was June Jo Lee recorded for Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines.


And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.