
They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft Sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side. Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See Store or sleep number.com for details.


This is Paige DeSorbo from Giggly Squad. O Pill is a game changer for sexual reproductive health through the first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the us. Finally, the days of needing a prescription to get birth control are over O Pill. Is FDA approved? No prescription needed. Full prescription strength, estrogen free and available online and at most major retailers. So when there's no prescription, no appointment, there's no hassle, no more waiting at the doctor's office to get a prescription O Pill will be easily accessed over the counter, in store or online and will be ready for when you need it. O Pill is available online in that most major retailers use Code Giggly for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I wanna tell you about SimpliSafe, a company that's revolutionizing home security. What's fascinating about SimpliSafe is their approach to protection. Their active guard. Outdoor protection doesn't just react to break-ins, it aims to prevent them. With AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents, they can spot suspicious activity and intervene in real time. It's like having a vigilant security team watching over your home 24 7. Simply save offers peace of mind without the hassle of long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Plus their monitoring plans start at just about a dollar a day, making advanced security accessible to more people. They offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back interested in learning more. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. One of the greatest gifts in my life has been getting to see the wonder of the world through my children's eyes. As they've grown, I've loved seeing them play and explore and get excited about all the things around them, but I'll be honest, this is also a little bittersweet because we know we lose that sense of wonder as we get older. In her 2024 talk, professional Parkour athlete and coach Taylor Lynn Carpenter shares why movement is an important tool for developing better relationships with our bodies. Learning to find joy in overcoming obstacles and seeing the playground all around us.


Parkour is a method of movement in which we train our bodies and minds to overcome obstacles. When most people think of Parkour, they often think one of two things. Young men jumping across rooftops or that episode of the American TV show, the office where they pretend to do Parkour all over their office and parking lot. But despite its mainstream reputation, Parkour is much more than that at its highest and most competitive levels. Parkour is not for everyone. But when you break Parkour down to its basic movements, it can have lifelong value for anyone. Parkour is a life skill that helps you to navigate your environments more easily. I'm a professional Parkour athlete and coach from Hawaii.


My Parkour journey started when I was 21 years old. Having just recovered from a broken elbow and rib, I was feeling weak and incapable. I wanted to build upper body strength and confidence in my body by learning a climb up. Before Park Gore, I did sports like track cheerleading, basketball, judo, swimming, but nothing really stuck until I found tricking. A combination of martial arts kicks and off-axis flips. After a few years of training, I started teaching tricking at Apex School of Movement, which eventually led me to start training Parkour. A question I get a lot is, why did you start doing Parkour? And I say, why did you stop? What I mean is we were all natural athletes when we were kids.


Remember the days where you jumped puddles, climbed trees, balance on curbs and played floors, lava? Those are the fundamental movements and mindsets that lead to Parkour. Somewhere along our way, we lost our sense of adventure and play, but the good news is it's never too late to rediscover. One key benefit of Parkour is that it builds functional fitness movements that enhance daily life and also help protect us from injury as we age. Maintaining mobility and mitigating injuries becomes increasingly important. Parkour provides a fun effective way to keep our bodies strong and agile. It's not about recklessly pushing limits, it's about understanding and respecting your bodies' capabilities.


This means training our bodies in a way that improves our ability to perform everyday activities. Whether it's bending over to tire shoe, squatting down to pick something up, simply getting up off the floor or climbing up to reach a high shelf. All my shorties out there know the struggle. Parkour helps us move better in daily life to show how some of these simple movements progress in Parkour. Let's add some obstacles. An extension of the squat is a jump or drop to landing. Good landings are key for anyone who does sports plays with their kids. Hops out of a truck bed or drops off over rock while hiking. If you need to take a bigger drop, fall off your bike or trip over a curb.


The roll is a key skill to know. Roles allow you to absorb impact over more time and distance, which may lead to less fall damage and better flow. While everyone encounters hip high barriers, most people walk around them, but what If you knew you could easily vault over vault? Save time, build confidence, and they look pretty cool. And lastly, the move that started my Parkour journey. The climb up Clima up are used to get up something head high or taller. Maybe you need to scale a building to help someone or get over a gate wall or fence to escape danger. Or more likely you forgot your keys and have to climb up to an open window or balcony.


I've had to do this before and it's pretty awkward when your neighbors come out to see what's going on. Well, it's unlikely that we'll ever need to use these skills. Learning movements like this help to empower me and build my confidence. There's a big mental aspect to training Parkour rather than avoiding obstacles. Parkour teaches you to embrace challenge. The obstacle becomes the way Parkour helps me with my anxiety. In cities coming from an island lifestyle, urban environments felt confining and stressful. Cities are designed to funnel you into certain pathways, often blocking the most direct routes with walls and handrails. By always taking the sidewalks and stairs, you end up moving an autopilot without even noticing.


Parkour changes this. You get to reinvent your environment and move with more meaning. What once appeared as obstacles now appear as opportunities for movement and play. This paradigm shift allows you to approach life in a more positive and proactive way. In our busy structured adult lives, we often forget the joy of the spontaneous movement and exploration that we experience as kids. With Parkour, everyday objects start to seem like a playground. Again, A park bench is an obstacle to vault over. A low wall is a challenge to balance on, and a tree branch is something to swing on. While Parkour has evolved into an extreme and competitive sport, for some at its roots, Parkour is for everyone.


And it can enhance our physical fitness, mental resilience, and overall wellbeing. So the next time you walk around your city or town, think of how you can move, play, and rediscover the joy of overcoming obstacles. Thank you. That was Taylor Lynn Carpenter at TED Next in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side?


Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See Store or sleep number.com for details.


Aging is a natural process as we all know, and I for one, don't mind embracing it. But I will tell you one part of aging that I don't care for. It's the symptoms that stem from changing hormones, especially as you get older to perimenopause and menopause. That's why we wanna tell you about Happy Mammoth's. Hormone Harmony, happy Mammoth. The company that created Hormone Harmony is dedicated to making women's lives easier. And that means using only science-backed ingredients that have been proven to work for women. They make no compromise when it comes to quality and it shows for a limited time, you can get 15% off on your entire first order. At happy mammoth.com just use the code, happy me at checkout.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.