
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Something a little different today from writer, musician and comedian Elle Cordova. She took the TED 2024 stage to share a poem she wrote about the big Bang and follows it with a musical performance of a particularly timely piece called Carl Sagan. It's a song about connection and how to find it beyond the infinite scroll of social media. This is all coming up after the break,


Teams with big ideas start in Jira. The only project management tool you need to plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping us in sync to deliver the big ideas our listeners love. And there's a lot more that teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key so that we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need to make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea today in Jira.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Get celebration ready with Justin wine. Enjoy exceptional wine all season long with Justin. Whether it's for seasonal celebrations, festive dinner parties, or gift exchanges, Justin wine is sure to make your holidays memorable. If, you are looking for special wine to serve at your holiday table. Try iso Justin's flagship Bordeaux style red blend. Pick up Justin wine today at a store near you or order it online because gifting with Justin is effortless. You just pick up your wine, select a box at a personal message and leave the rest of them. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


We spend a lot of our lives at work. It's time to find ways to enjoy it. Canva makes work more visual, more productive, and more fun. With Canva, you can design captivating presentations, docs, whiteboards, and videos. Wow your audience and achieve your goals. Whatever department you work in, Canva makes you and your work look good. No design experience needed. I should know I'm terrible at design. And thanks to Canva, my slides look like they were made by a pro. You'll love what you can easily design with Canva. And so will everyone else love your work@canva.com.


And now our TED talk of the day. Hey everybody, I'm Al. If I look familiar to you, it's probably because at some point you scrolled across one of my many goofy videos about fonts or AI or the planets or whatever. One of the nerdy sundries I've put out there. I am a literature person by trade and by training, but I love to nerd out about science. And one of the questions that keeps me up at night is what happened before the big Bang. So I wrote a poem about it with an assist from science communicator, Hank Green, who was talking about that very topic.


And he, he sort of said in passing this line, which really struck me as simple but powerful. So I expanded it into this poem. Here it is. Before the big Bang, there was no up. There was no down. There was no side to side. There was no light, there was no dark nor shape of any kind. There were no stars or planet Mars or protons to collide. There was no up. There was no down. There was no side to side. And furthermore, to underscore this total lacking state, there was no here.


There was no there because there was no space. And in this endless void, which can't be thought of as a place, there was no time. And so no passing minutes, hours, days Of all the paradoxes that belabor common sense. I think this one's the greatest this time before events. 'cause how did we get from nothing to infinitely dense, from immeasurably small to inconceivably, immense. But before we get unmoored from the question at the start, let's take a breath and marvel at when math becomes an art.


'cause we don't have to comprehend it to know there was a time when there was no up, there was no down. There was no side to side. Thank you. And Now back to the episode. Well, I just have one other thing I wanna share with you before I go. And I'm gonna invite guitarist, Tony Lindgren up here to join me for this.


This is a song I wrote about social media where I spend so much of my time and I think we're so many of us spend maybe too much of our time. And I wrote this about kind of the endless scroll and I think the C conscious and unconscious desire that we all might have to reach out to other human beings and make connections in the digital void even as we're sitting alone on our devices in our, in our homes. And I named the song Carl Sagan after the great astronomer and philosopher who saw the connections between ourselves and the billions and billions of stars in the night sky that are constantly sending out their light through the void to make contact.


So this is Carl Sagan. Hey, how are you? Are you scrolling alone inside your room? Is your heart good or did something go and break it? In the words of Carl Sagan we're all just stars and bacon.


That's not quite what he said, but it's true. Hey, you're still here. Are you like me on this app? So you can be lost in numb, in a warm bath made content watching brilliant bits of nonsense. 'cause it feels like making contact. Maybe that's just me. How are you through a satellite?


Just know And Of Not alone.


Not alone. And hey, are you all right? Are you scroll alone again tonight? You'll be fine. Even if your heart is breaking, you got me and Carl Sagan and his famous postulation. And if we're all alone in space, it'd be an awful waste. So I'm just signing in to say, how are you?


Thank


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer to compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Elle Cordova speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esef, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. PR.