
Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free, or go to amazon.com/ ad-free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers with LinkedIn ads. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please, for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Great news, solar power is starting to displace fossil fuels in the countries that most need cheap and clean electricity. In her 2024 talk solar savant, Jenny Chase puts into perspective the growth we've seen in this renewable energy source, the areas where it could be more reliable, and the road to getting there. You've probably all heard that solar modules are cheap, but I'm not sure you appreciate just how cheap you can buy a solar module for the price of about eight cups of the posh coffee you get here in Brussels.


You can make solar panels into a fence, and it's not significantly more expensive than ordinary fencing material. But this isn't just great news for rich Europeans who drink posh coffee. Solar power is starting to displace fossil fuels in the countries that most need cheap and clean electricity. Now, I have been an analyst of this sector for over, for nearly 20 years, and the growth is really impressive. And last year, 444 gigawatts of solar modules got installed worldwide. More than half of that was in China, actually. 444 gigawatts is quite a lot. It's more than the power capacity of Japan.


And even more is being installed this year. It's probably just under 600 gigawatts, but I have to set you off on a diversion now to complain about how hard my job is. Back in 2007, there were about 12 countries installing solar, and the official data coming outta them was good. Now, my team is trying to cover 146 solar markets, and some of the data is really bad. Even Germany and Spain are installing more solar than is in their official data. So what hope is there for good data about countries in Africa or Southeast Asia? Take for example, Pakistan. So the official data on how much solar is installed in Pakistan is that there's less than three gigawatts in the country, but more solar modules left China for Pakistan in 2022 alone.


Now, we did think that substantial amounts of those were being re-exported to Afghanistan to run irrigation pumps, to grow poppies, to make heroin. And there's also a money laundering scheme which distorts the data. But these don't seem to be that big. And in 2024, things got ridiculous. 16 gigawatts of solar modules have left China for Pakistan in the first eight months of this year. What is going on here? I worked with a, with a machine learning and satellite data firm called Atlas Maps to detect the solar modules in Pakistan. Now, the great thing about detecting solar modules using satellite data is you can't really hide solar modules.


The bad thing is that they are distributed. They're quite small installations, and sometimes they look a lot like greenhouses or skylights. But Atlas Maps found 443 installations in Pakistan, many of which we had no idea existed. It also missed some, the machine learning algorithm just did not detect what the satellite data did. Confirm is that solar modules in Pakistan are installed near the industrial clusters of Lahore, Karachi and Islamabad. And actually, If you go on Google Earth and just look at a random spot somewhere in Pakistan in these cities, you can see the solar. There are loads of the solar of the roofs have solar panels on them.


It's really incredible. So the solar boom in Pakistan is really happening. It's not just an artifact of China customs data. So why? So unfortunately, Pakistan is vulnerable to extreme temperatures. In 20 24, 500 people have died in Pakistan in heat waves and temperatures reach 52 degrees Celsius. So this is a country where people really need fans and air conditioning to survive. But power is expensive in Pakistan, increasingly expensive, and the total power capacity per person in Pakistan is one 18th. As much as it is in the United States, this is a country that really needs power.


Now the good thing about solar panels is that they generate in the daytime. So if you want to run air conditioning and fans, they're generating at the right time to do that. And we're pretty sure that this is what businesses and homes in Pakistan are doing. They're installing solar panels to reduce how much they have to pay the grid and to run their cooling systems as well as the other stuff that they do. But this is a problem for the largely coal-fired grid in Pakistan because it's losing its best customers, which means it has to put up the prices for its remaining customers to fund the continuing operation of its coal plants, which means that those cu, that those remaining customers have higher prices and even more reason to go solar.


And the power demand in Pakistan fell 9% in 2023 as tracked by the grid. And this is probably partly because power's expensive, but also because of all these solar panels that are not being seen by the grid. So as analysts, we do, we obviously this is complicated, but we feel generally glad that Pakistanis are getting their power from cheap and clean sources. It seems in general a good thing, but you can't always expect solar build to just go steadily up. Solar markets a roller rollercoaster. Actually, we call it the solar coaster. Take for example, South Africa, there was a a boom in solar installations in South Africa because it was a really bad blackout season and people literally built solar.


So they had power. And as analysts, we got really excited about this. A gigawatt of rooftop solar was built in two months. A gigawatt is the size of a medium sized coal fired power plan, okay? It only runs in the daytime, but it works. So we got really excited. We thought that South Africans would copy their neighbors and the so South Africa solar market would keep going up and up and up. We were wrong about that. The solar markets fallen back actually in South Africa in 2024. And this is because there are fewer blackouts. And this is partly because escom fixed its coal fired power plants. Yay. But also because the solar is helping to support the grid.


So it's not always simple, but cheaper. Solar power is helping poorer countries to meet their power demand without increasing fossil fuel use. And, and this is what makes my job interesting, but what we need is to stop burning fossil fuels. And it's most obvious that solar is helping there in markets with less unmet need for power. Take California for example. In 2012, California got 43% of its power from gas burned in state and it imported 29%. And by 2023 on average day, there is so much solar that the state is exporting power around noon.


So this is, this is having an impact. What's next? Batteries are doing exactly what they're meant to do. They're charging on solar in the daytime and they're discharging in the evening so that the gas fired power plants don't have to be ramped up. And thanks to all these trends, California carbon emissions per unit of electricity generation have fallen over 30% since 2012. So solar power is pushing out fossil fuels in both richer and poorer countries. And the next step is probably batteries. Working with solar and working with wind and other renewables to continue to, to push out fossil fuels. This is actually working and that is why I have hope that we can beat climate change.


Thank you. That was Jenny Chase at TED Countdown's Dilemma event in Brussels. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com's curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening


To make switching to the new Boost Mobile risk free. We're offering a 30 day money back guarantee. So Why wouldn't you switch from Verizon or T-Mobile because You have nothing to lose. Boost Mobile is offering a 30 day money back guarantee. No, I asked. Why wouldn't you switch from Verizon or T-Mobile? Oh, wouldn't Because you love wasting money as a way to punish yourself because your mother never showed you enough love as a child. Whoa, Easy There, yeah. Applies to online activations, requires poured in and auto pay customers activating in stores, maybe charged non-refundable activation fees.


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade for Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to a thousand dollars or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley, Smith Barney, LLC Member SIP E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That Hiring partner is LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED Pod to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.