
Culture evolves at the speed of light, just like your financial needs when it comes to your money. Credit Karma keeps you in the know and ahead of the game. You can count on Credit Karma to keep up with your financial needs as they evolve. We'll help you monitor your progress and give personalized recommendations so you can make strides towards your goals and find your way to money. Intuit, credit Karma, karma, you can count on download the app today.


If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, you know, prevention is the best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Granger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them. From disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment so you can help deliver a clean bill of health. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I wanna tell you about SimpliSafe, a company that's revolutionizing home security. What's fascinating about SimpliSafe is their approach to protection. Their active guard. Outdoor protection doesn't just react to break-ins, it aims to prevent them. With AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents, they can spot suspicious activity and intervene in real time. It's like having a vigilant security team watching over your home 24 7. Simply save offers peace of mind without the hassle of long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Plus their monitoring plans start at just about a dollar a day, making advanced security accessible to more people. They offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back interested in learning more. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Marriage is considered a life goal or even a necessity for many people across the globe. We've even prioritized pairing up in our institutions and systems benefits like tax cuts for married couples. But lately there's been a rise of single people internationally. And for Peter McGraw, a Behavioral economist and lifelong bachelor, this is a sign of progress. In his 2024 talk, he shares why it's time for social safety nets to stopping tied to marital status and why it's a good thing that more and more people are saying, do I rather than I do?


My not so subtle request, Stop telling single people to get married. 20 years ago, I threw myself a bachelor party as a new professor at CU Boulder. Backs were slapped, stories were shared, glasses, clinked, but there was a hitch. I wasn't getting hitched my rationale without a wedding in sight. Why do married folks get to have all the fun? Unbeknownst to me that night I joined a movement, the solo movement where being single isn't just tolerated, it's celebrated, not less than, not better, just a different path filled with opportunities to live.


Remarkably, in 1960, 90% of adults in the United States would go on to get married. Today, 50% of adults in the US are unmarried. 25% of millennials are projected to never marry. And don't get me started on what's happening with Gen Z, yet we still live in a world built for two married people have access to over 1000 legal advantages, unavailable to singles, tax breaks, social security benefits. Singles invest heavily in marital milestones.


This made sense when everyone got married, but for us lifelong singles, we have to buy our own crockpots. And then there's Aunt Sally who keeps asking. So is there anyone special? How many of us have an Aunt Sally? A lately, a chorus of media voices have traded in Sally's question for a prescription. Get married. You don't believe me? There's a book called Get Married, and it came out of course on Valentine's Day, The get Married advocates like to point to data that show that married people report higher life satisfaction than single people.


Their conclusion, get married and get happy. Your bonus, you get to save civilization. Now you might be wondering, and the answer is no, I'm not. Not anti-marriage. I've even had a couple near misses. But I am against over-prescribing marriage based on correlational data that the get married crowd is a little too wedded too. Any serious scientist who looks at these data comes to the same conclusion.


That is the people who get married are already slightly happier to begin with, but there is a happiness effect in the data. There's a wed day bump up, but it fades fast for 30 KA pop, the average US wedding at that cost. You can take 15 vacations without your in-laws, but here's the real puzzle, and it's one that the get married crowd can't answer. And that is this. If getting married makes you happy, why is it that the happiest places on earth feature the most people going solo?


This is especially the case in Scandinavia. I say, rather than treating the rise of singles as a bug, let's treat it as a feature. A feature of progress, especially for women. The arranged marriage was invented 4,400 years ago in order to form business alliances. During harsh agrarian times, women were treated more like property than partners with a husband receding ownership from the father at the altar. Thankfully today, marriage is more about love and it's increasingly optional.


The story of the rise of singles is the story of the rise of women, and it really got rolling with the invention of the spinning wheel. The spinsters who used it could earn their own money and escape being owned by a husband or a father with the invention of birth control and greater access to education and economic opportunities I do is becoming do I the spinsters of yesterday and the cat Ladies of today are not old maids.


They're trailblazers, pioneers of independence, urbanization, apartments, and the home appliances that were invented for housewives are spurring a huge increase in people living alone, especially in cities like Stockholm. Intrigued by these happy Scandinavians, I swapped out my Stetson for an Indiana Jones style fedora and headed to Sweden, a global leader in gender equality. And I found lots of one bedroom apartments filled with singles, some by choice, some by chance, but living rich, interconnected, remarkable lives.


So let's dispense with the calls to get married. They're either already preaching to the choir or shouting into the wind. They're the someday singles. They're looking for their person, sometimes waiting hopelessly that just may. Singles are open to possibilities, the hopeless romantics. But of single adults in the United States, half have other priorities. They're not looking for love or lust, whether for now or forever. And they're channeling their time and their energy and their intention into education, building businesses, creating art.


For many singles, they live meaningful lives. Singles give more time. They're more likely to care for elderly parents and disabled friends, more so than their nons single counterparts. So what should we tell single people rather than get married? Let's start by expanding the concept of significant other. It originally included family and deep friendships, including family of choice. Indeed, science shows that social connections broadly predict life satisfaction.


I've never put a ring on a finger, but I have significant others. They're my brothers and sisters in the solo community around the world. There's my brother from another mother Darwin, who's taught me more about unconditional love than any lover has. And here tonight is my soul sister Julie, who was at my bachelor party 20 years ago. I love you, Julie. Next, let's advocate for policies that support a family of one. Sweden's social safety net is given to all citizens individually universal healthcare, free or low cost education, affordable childcare and elder care, no spouse required.


Amen. And lastly, let's elevate single living to be on par with married living. Not better, not worse, just a different path filled with our opportunities to live. Remarkably, I always thought that there was something wrong with me for not wanting to get married. The prospect of it felt like I would be wearing an ill fitting suit or worse, a RAI jacket. Now, don't get me wrong, I have plenty of problems. There's a lot of things wrong with me, but putting a ring on it is not going to solve my problems.


And as I was nursing a broken heart after one of my near misses, it hit me. I'm not half waiting for a hole. I'm wholehearted. I'm complete. I'm healthy. I'm financially stable. I do meaningful work. I have a wide and deep connected group of friends. I feel wholehearted, and I hope you do too. In the end, there is no one remarkable life. There are remarkable lives and no amount of pearl clutching or calls to get married are going to drag us back to the good old days, which to be honest, weren't that good to begin with.


Someday single living and married living will stand side by side equal. In the meantime, the solo movement has a big tent, never married, divorced, separated, widowed. Welcome. We celebrate you and our married allies. The future is about options, not prescriptions. So let's toast to a world that honors both the choice to settle down or go solo. Cheers, That was Peter McGraw at TEDx Boulder in 2024.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika Song Maron. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member DC.


If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, you know prevention is the best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Granger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them. From disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment so you can help deliver a clean bill of health, call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com Or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Everyone has a reason to change growing Old Heartbreak, a fresh start, whatever it may be. Peloton is here to get you through life's biggest moments with workouts you can do on your time and motivation that keeps you coming back. Pelotons Tread and All Access membership help you track progress in classes from runs to Pilates, making you stronger and your fitness goals a reality. Find your push. Find your power Peloton. Visit one peloton.com.