
This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.


Ever Wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash, sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny Shop now at Walmart.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I'm excited to tell you about a company revolutionizing home security. I am now using SimpliSafe and I'm so impressed by their active guard outdoor protection that uses AI powered cameras and real human agents to monitor what's happening outside my home rather than reacting after something's gone wrong. SimpliSafe steps in. If something looks off it's security that thinks ahead. It's peace of mind that's become part of my daily rhythm. Arming my system each night knowing my home is protected, and you can try it this summer too with a 60 day money back guarantee. No contracts, no cancellation fees, just reliable protection starting at around a dollar a day. Listeners can get 50% off their new Simply Safe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Hello, TED Talks Daily listeners. I'm Elise Hugh for today's Sunday Pick. We're bringing you an episode of another podcast from the TED Audio Collective handpicked by us for you. There is a place where a network of thousands of bridges connects pretty much everything. I know the image of thousands of bridges sounds fantastical, but this isn't fiction. This place really exists and we're taking you there. With the help of the podcast, Far Flung host Salim ham Wallah takes us to Nepal, home of the tallest mountains in the world, and the land of many bridges and digs into how these structures shape the way the Nepalese perceive connection community and what's important to hold onto in life. To hear more unique ideas and stories from around the globe, check out Far Flung available wherever you get your podcasts. Now on to the episode right after a quick break.


Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year-end benefits, and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's VANT a.com/ TED Audio for $1,000 off.


Want a workout that actually works? Hydro delivers a full body workout that hits 86% of your muscles in just 20 minutes. Rowing with hydro, combine strength and cardio with thousands of workouts led by Olympians in breathtaking locations. No wonder nine out of 10 members are still active one year later. Try hydro risk-free at hydro.com and use code row to save up to $475 off your hydro Pro rower. That's H-Y-D-R-O w.com code row.


You are hearing the sound of wind on the longest span pedestrian bridge in the world. The B lung par butt foot bridge in Nepal. It stretches over 500 meters, about 1600 feet between the mid hills of Nepal. Now, hills in Nepal are very, very different from what the rest of the world might call hills. On this bridge between two hills, there's a river below. You absurdly small looking because it's 122 meters, that's 400 feet down, you're 400 feet up in the air, 400 feet. Just for comparison, If you took the Statue of Liberty and stacked another Statue of Liberty on top of it, you'd still have 98 feet to go until you reach this very thin wire suspension bridge.


I'm not scared at all in this recently built long bridge. My husband was scared at first, but I crossed it effortlessly without feeling scared. Were you at the, It's such a pleasant thing. Being on a bridge, it takes you from one place to another so easily without any risk. I really enjoy being on it now. People even go to the bridge and just see it. People consider crossing the long bridge to be a spectacle. Now Many people say they feel scared on a bridge because it is shaky or something like that, but I feel so safe that I feel like I'm in my own house.


In their own house on a thin strip of metal in the sky. I'm em Ham wallah. And from TED, this is Far Flung. In every episode, we visit a different location to understand ideas that flow from that place, and today we're heading to one of the most mountainous places on earth to see how building bridges creates connections and not just between two points. Now Nepal is known for extremely high mountains, but it's easy to forget that people are moving across those mountains. In most places, you might not think twice about a bridge you cross, but in Nepal, bridges are fundamental to survival.


The only way to move without trekking up and down a huge mountain. It's a place where bridges are constantly being born. All kinds of bridges, rope, steel, trees, bamboo log bridges that are basically floating on top of the water that they help you cross and bridges that sing in the wind unimaginably high above you, and when you live as high up in the air as some of the people we're talking to today, when getting to your town or village might be days of hiking up and down, massive elevations will a bridge. It changes everything. The spark for this episode came from a line from a poem called Tuin by Strawberry Muro.


It's about crossing a particularly dangerous kind of Nepalese bridge. I will hold onto a tuin. If I reach across, I will see the world. But if I fall, I will become a fish. He thinks of himself as the people's poet. He often writes about rural Nepal, and here he's writing about the fine line between life and death. When a person makes a dangerous journey hanging from a wire crossing bridge, here's how Nepalese twins work. There's a single wire rope and pulley system for getting you across dangerous heights. You can transport everything from practical goods hanging in baskets to groups of say 12 school children all attached to the wire harnessed in with nothing else below them.


Me was born in 1968 when most bridges in Nepal were in this style. The first memories I have of that time and bridges, I remember the river in my village. I would've been seven, eight years old. We would cross the small river to go to the nearby village. What we had then, we cannot really call that a bridge. The first thing I crossed was just a wooden crossing or part K. Part K was made from a tree log and laid out along the river for people to cross. The other kinds were made by dying bamboos together and sprawled out as river crossings.


These were temporary structures and could be used only during the dry winter months, but they would be swept away by the floods during months in season. This was how I was introduced to bridges. I mean, I'm not sure I would've known to call that a bridge either. Bamboo tied together, disappearing every season. It's so ephemeral and not a thing to be crossed casually. But even as bridges get stronger, even on a St sturdier wire bridge, how do people even get their mind right to cross? The first metal wire suspension bridges, which replaced the wooden in bamboo crossings were extremely shaky.


You needed to catch the rhythm of the bridge's sway to be able to walk on it. The bridge sways on its own rhythm, but that rhythm is created by the impact of our feet on it. It almost creates a musicality. It is obviously scary at first, but eventually you get used to the rhythm of the sway. So if you catch the rhythm of the bridge, you will cross easily. But If you fail to catch the rhythm, then you might not be able to move and might have to crouch down in the middle and you can never overcome the fear the first time you step on it. You are of course scared, scared of falling off, scared even of dying.


As I recall, people from my village would travel to far away villages for special festivals, feds and local markets. One of my own aunts had traveled to a weekly local market to sell piglets. She reached the market, sold them off, but while returning, she fell off one of such bridges and died falling off. These bridges and dying are common. It made people experience the space between life and death. It gives a traveler a new curiosity and a new imagination. That's what I think when I think about bridges. First, the fine balance between life and death.


You can either fall off and die or go out and see the world. And second, that new imagination and curiosity To explore that story of life and death. That imagination and curiosity we needed to Talks Odoo, people on the ground. Hi, my name is Naan. I am a researcher slash translator based in Katmandu. My interests lie in culture, society, and politics of Nepal. Hello, My name is Ranon. I'm a magician DJ producer, and I also record sounds from different places and different occasions, and I love to use them in my music or my sessions.


Here's one of his tracks, working with found sounds while visiting relatives in India years ago, I took a side trip to Nepal, stayed in Capmandu, the capitol where a lot of tourists start. Took a six to seven hour van ride to ra, arrived absurdly early and climbed to a viewing point in the darkness. I remember holding my sun on my shoulders. The cold air had this Christmas to it and seeing the sun spread a beautiful, rich, reflective gradient across all the mountains around us.


At least they were what I would call mountains, but naan, he corrected me. So Katmandu Bora are the valleys in the mid hills, right? But If you go further north that we're talking about the mountains and for regular audience like mountains and hills are different. One of my American friends from college came to visit and then she lets in Katmandu and Ka is surrounded by hills for us, but apparently mountains for a lot of people. I told her like, yeah, you'll see some hills, like smaller hills from Katmandu. And she, she just comes out of the door from the aircraft and she was like, what the hell? These are the craziest mountains I've ever seen.


But you go further up north than than the real mountains. Forest mountains have to be snow capped, right? So like they have to be white and silvery. So basically I love that distinction that you know, if it's not white snow capped and silvery, maybe some clouds around it, then it's a hill to y'all. Yeah. Yeah. A very, very, very important distinction. Ranjan and naan are gonna help us find out how these bridges, these connectors of mountains being born again and again are changing the country. So Nepal is by area. It's a pretty small country, but it stretches from east to west. So north south of Nepal is very like, as the crew flies very short.


But within these like sort of less than 200 kilometers of Everest distance between north and south, you have shrimp and this geographic diversity, Both Ranjan and naan grew up in DePaul, Ronan's from the southern plains region. In terms of language, food and culture, it's pretty similar to the northern part of India. It's very flat, so it was relatively easy for him to get around. But naan, I come from what used to be a pretty remote and disconnected place. Right now with all the road connectivity, it's, it's pretty close by like it's not very far as the crow flies, which which is a big disclaimer in Nepal, like it's a small country, but like sometimes it might be just like 80 kilometers as the crow flies, but might take like, you know, eight hours on this, these crazy roads in the bus or like two days of walk or something like that, right?


Right. You'll hear as the crow flies a few times in this episode, but keep in mind that crows flying across gigantic epic mountains have it way easier than people going up and down them. So as the crow flies tells you basically nothing about how long a journey will be. As Nian started traveling around the country, he started realizing just how diverse nepal's geography is and how even short trips put him in totally new environments. If you travel from southern plains, like within half an hour, you get so much elevation and you are in a very cool place. Like the south of Nepal is generally warmer, right?


And then as you're driving south to north from anywhere in Nal, then you gain so much altitude. So immediately then you're immediately in 30 minutes of driving, you are in a completely new climate, new temperature, new geography, new way of life, new food, new dress up, new. I mean even like sort of the people sort of like facial features and like the ethnic groups and they all change. It's, it's an extremely diverse country in that sense. If you ask an outsider to picture Nepal, they might think of the Himalayas, those white snow capped silvery mountains, highest in the world, but travel down toward the mid hills, which are still giant and you'll see what look like tiny threads connecting them.


The scale of these bridges can be completely deceptive. They are such a huge, not only like sort of physical material presence, but they are visual presence in any nepal's experience, right? One really, really striking thing of working in this project, no one really thinks about breezes like as there something to think about. But once you ask questions about breezes to people, once you ask people to reflect about breezes, my God, they have stories. There are a lot of songs, there are a lot of poetry that people have written like you know it, it's always like, you know, I'm on this side, you're on the other side and it's months and like will not meet for another three months.


I love that it's causing poetry and songs like this one. The morning sun beams off freshly tempered steel, giant metal arcs compress deep into the ground, suspended into the clouds, like a single metal wing discarded between heaven and earth. It sways back and forth. That's Gubba. An mc and spoken word poet and friend of Ian's Nian was telling Gab about his trip and he was inspired to start writing. Curiosity lingers as they open the doors, but none take steps across the cable. Floors make room. They say for the mules that cross with heavy loads, if they fall, what is not loved is not lost.


There's this reaching. When you cross a bridge, you have to trust that the bridge itself will hold you, but you're also trusting that the other side of the bridge, this often unknown place, will be worth the trip. A little insurance couldn't hurt. That's after the break.


Now at Verizon, we have some big news for your peace of mind. For all our customers existing and new, we are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan and my home. That's future you. Peace of mind, and everyone can save on a brand new phone on my plan. When you trade in any phone for one of our top brands, that's new phone, peace of mind. Because at Verizon, whether you're already a customer or you're just joining us, we got you. Visit Verizon today. Price guarantee applies to then current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions apply for all offers.


Hey, this is Farish Tara from the So Money podcast. Running a business means wearing a lot of hats, but ordering supplies shouldn't be one of the ones you don't like. Walmart business helps organizations like yours save time, money, and the headache of managing purchases from office essentials to bulk break room snacks, it's all in one place, online, in store, or right in their app. Sign up for free@business.walmart.com and get back to what really matters. Running your business


Better Help online therapy bought this 32nd add to remind you right now wherever you are, to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders, take a deep breath in and out. Feels better, right? That's 15 seconds of self care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax.


We're back with our earlier poet strawberry Mucca, discussing a Nepali tradition around crossing bridges. It is in our tradition to bow down and be respect to the hills, to the rivers. It is a manifestation of the harmony and an acknowledgement that life is only possible because of this coexistence with nature. Even though we make the bridges, it is vital to our life, and so we need to worship it. It is a belief that the bridge will reciprocate our faith and lead us to our destinations. There might also be a psychological side to making an offering to the bridge so that you don't lose focus and balance on the bridge.


You need to be in a state of meditation to cross the bridge. A state of meditation that's such a specific mindset. It's borderline spiritual and crossing these bridges creates connection. People aren't the only things that cross with them comes information, ideas, traditions, new ways of thinking and doing. People do business on the other side of that bridge. Children can now go to school to learn on the other side of that bridge. I mean, people will fall in love and maybe have babies with folks they meet on the other side of the bridge.


With the creation of a bridge and a place with so much isolation, all concepts of identity and geography, even the limits of what's possible. They suddenly shift These bridges, connected societies in every sense of the word economically, socially, connecting people of different casts and ethnicities, different occupational groups, different languages and cultures. We need bridges not only to facilitate our physical needs and services for better survival, but also to join these different communities for facilitating that process of greater mobility of all citizens and greater interaction and exchanges.


We need bridges, But what about places that can't build a strong bridge? In many places where people can't build proper bridges, they have to depend on basic wire crossings or tweens. Such harsh realities still exist in remote places of the country where kids are still forced to cross rivers through these dangerous twins to go to school. Unlike proper bridges, twins are much more fragile and riskier. You have to literally hang in a wire to get across. Your chances of making it across are equal to the chances of you falling down into the river.


It is an immensely risky journey, But being aware of death, being close to it as you move through a commute or a journey for Muro that doesn't need to lead to a life of fear or cynicism, It exists in that great uncertainty. One needs to get across that uncertain journey of life. It is a poem about uncertainty, not about fatalism. I will hold onto a twin. If I reach across, I will see the world, but if I fall, I will become a fish.


So aside from the danger why these crossings filled with so much emotion, The crossing of the bridge marks an episode of sadness and tragedy. As the person leaves for abroad leaves behind sadness and uncertainty to their beloved, their kins and their neighbors, they might die in the distant land and never come back. They might forget the homeland and make families in the strange land. Had there been no bridges and the villages remained isolated, maybe the person would never have left on the other side. Some person returns back after working abroad for a long time and also crosses the bridge in this, the bridge becomes a symbol of his journey of that full circle.


The bridge would be the final thing to support the person complete his long journey back home. Here's Gub Zba to help keep that scale in perspective. This suspension will not take you from Long Beach to Manhattan, but it might If you take a step, take you from your past to what's happening. Just imagine the compassion of courage it takes to take that step. So we're in this like new highway. So now we're on the road with naan and ranon Location in little over an hour. Is there any name given to this highway?


It goes along one of these three major river systems in Nepal by the name Cali Guni. Right? So it's one of those three major river systems flowing from the Als into the south. Eventually goes into Bay Bengal. So this is called like Ali Corridor because most of this highway goes along this river, which is, which is very scenic in one of more beautiful places to drive. Oh look, another breeze. I mean you will see a lot of those. Don't worry. It's not even major one Is that? Is that a new one or The old one? I mean, I cannot even tell. There are so many breezes along the run And they continue driving, making it to an incredibly busy outdoor market full of fruit stalls, restaurants, the local equivalent of a bodega, and it's part of the lead up to the biggest of those bridges, the bung, parbat footbridge, the over two statues of Liberty tall bridge that we began with.


It's One thing to see it in papers, read about its sea videos, but it's completely different thing to be there. It just goes on and on and on and on, and it becomes like smaller and smaller and almost disappears in the horizon other side. When I really looked At it, it was beyond my imagination. Sometimes you look at massive thing and your mind stops. Actually There's that state of meditation that rung told us about. I thought Ranjan and I would be talking on the bridge. But no, we went our own ways and we were all silent.


I think that was sort of like a special energy there. I'm curious, who did you meet and Talks Odoo at the bridge? I would love for you to, could you describe those folks for me and tell me what you learned from them? We met like a lovely bunch of people. One of them was a government official, a middle to Lou Range official, who was our first point We started with and we didn't expect much, but he was such a jolly person. He also sang for us. Yeah, he also sang for us What you're hearing is a love song. He's singing about seeing his love on the terraces of a field, maybe sitting on the ground or even more picturesque, perched on the branch of a tree.


Fittingly the landscape, makes her unattainable. Our meeting is impossible. He says, my love is across the river while I cry on the shore. Later, naan and Rann met an elderly gentleman who told the story of a local man who wanted to build one of the initial bridges across the khaki river. He Went to Kota to bring back iron, which an ironsmith of the peaceful karma cast from here made into chains to build a bridge across the Ali River.


That is how it began. He would measure the span of rivers and bring enough cables to make bridges. It was done entirely by the people. A road was built to no data. Around 1970, when the SBR was built, cables would be dropped off at no data. Citizens from here would carry those cables here on their shoulders. You'd have to take turns rest to eat. Entire villages would travel to carry back the cables. People Of that time worked so hard. There's no comparison between people then and people now.


So many people were swept away as they crossed the river. That encouraged people to build bridges. There's no river or stream left now without a bridge Is a huge shift. Here's gub again. Half a day's walk to school, traded for 10 treacherous minutes on a single wire, a pulley and a wooden trolley. Innocence, fans courage, fans strength to pull themselves across the length, suspended in clouds, typhoons, swell underneath. There is no lightning, only currents that pull beneath A half day of walking. I've never lived anywhere so isolated.


How's that feel for a kid? Did you ever feel isolated when you were growing up in Nepal? Actually not because, because the world, for you, what was this bounds? That little valley that was a world enough in itself. You had just one shop, you could not spend 20 pens and life was good, man. So that idea of like something existing out there, I mean in hindsight bridge that played a part for me on my own awareness of the world existing beyond that little PA that I grew up in. I felt a lot of other things. Isolation wasn't one of them. I love that distinction that when you have your whole world around you, you can't feel isolated.


You have the whole world. Exactly. How's that change a place from feeling like you have the whole world in your little village to actually being connected to the outside world. It feels like a different place and that's, that's that's very reflective of how the balls like sort of changed in, in my lifetime. I'm, I'm in mid thirties, I've seen this place change absolutely in every sense of the world, economically, politically, in terms of the connectivity of the people that coincides with all these like roots. One example that I can think of in terms of how my had changed, and it continues to change at a mind bubbling rate every time I go home, like one year after, two years after, right now, the people would make their own like sort of local milit brew or local alcohol.


But now, like people are like all these bottled beers and bottle liquor, you know, that that's, that's all with the, with the breezes and the roots connecting people, of course, like, you know, I, I would be careful not to romanticize the childhood I had because it was tough. Like, and it was tougher for a lot of people, but it's become much easier. But it, it's it's the place has become unrecognizable. It's such an interesting balance between trying not to romanticize, but also still remembering the good things that happen. Oh, absolutely. Yes. There's absolutely a loss of innocence somehow, but as someone who is sort of like, has done decently well or has decent means in life. So I think it's not fair to to say that just because and in no sense has been lost is is it isn't worth all the changes that, that the breezes and roads have Brought now.


That's so interesting. Thinking of a, a bridge as having an element of loss of innocence. I feel like we've gotta give the last word to a poet. Every step is a glimpse of possibility. Every pull and inspiration to reach the other side. But while you are here in the process of crossing, just Remember you are attached to nothing yet connected to everything Far Flung is produced by Jesse Baker And Eric Newsom Of Magnificent Noise.


For TED, our local producers for this episode are Ian And our production staff includes Sabrina Farhi, Elise BHAs, hue, Gaana, Baban Chang, Sammy Case, And Michelle Quint With the guidance of Roxanne Highl And Colin Helms Translations by Ian. And special thanks to Rabba for the use of his poem, parajuli for field interview support and to Ria, Burma, RIA and Raja for our English voiceover.


Our fact checkers are Nicole Bode And Paul Durbin. Ad stories are produced by Transmitter Media. This episode was mixed and sound designed by Kristen Mueller. Additional music by A Dun. Our executive producer is Eric Newsom. I'm Sem Ham Walla.


Now at Verizon we have some big news for your peace of mind, for all our customers existing and new. We are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan and my home. That's future you. Peace of mind, and everyone can save on a brand new phone on my plan. When you trade in any phone for one of our top brands, that's new phone, peace of mind. Because at Verizon, whether you're already a customer or you're just joining us, we got you. Visit Verizon today. Price guarantee applies to then current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions apply for all offers.


It's McKayla from Side Hustle Pro and I want to tell you about something exciting you're watching. Every dollar and Walmart business helps you stretch each one. From office supplies to snacks and cleaning gear, you'll get everyday low prices plus easy bulk ordering and fast delivery. And with tools like spend tracking and multi-user accounts, staying organized is simple. Save time, money, and hassle@business.walmart.com. It's free to join.


Hey, this is Paige DeSorbo from Giggly Squad and this episode is brought to you by Nordstrom Summer's here and with weekend getaways, celebrations, and more on your calendar, Nordstrom has everything you need for your best dressed season ever. From playful prints and breezy fabrics to seventies inspired looks and bright handbags. Discover new arrivals from your favorite brands like Reformation, Veronica, beard Farm, Rio, Levi's, and more. It's easy too with free shipping and free returns in-store order pickup and more. Plus NORTY Club members. Enjoy free two-day shipping on thousands of items in select areas. Shop today in stores and@nordstrom.com.