
Hey, TED Talks Daily listeners. I'm Elise Hugh. Today we have an episode of another podcast from the TED Audio Collective handpicked by us for you. Here in the US we're kicking off Hispanic Heritage Month. Many people use this time to celebrate their Latin American roots, but one aspect that's often ignored is the variety of languages and cultures that existed before Latin America was colonized. This week we're sharing an episode of Far Flung featuring a hip hop artist who uses multilingual music to increase recognition for the language in Peru. It is a beautiful celebration of his roots and an important reminder of how indigenous influences have significantly had an impact on what's often generalized as Hispanic culture.


To hear more unique stories from around the globe, check out far flung available wherever you get your podcasts. Learn more about the rest of the TED Audio Collective at Audio Collective dot TED dot com. Now onto the episode right after a quick break. I'm em Rush Walla, and from TED, this is far flung. In each episode, we visit a different city to understand ideas that flow from that place. This week, Lima, Peru, and we're here following young Peruvian musicians who are trying to prove that their Indian culture isn't just history, it's the future.


So they're remixing it.


Owen, shout out to Marriott Hotels for sponsoring this episode.


Basically, this week's episode is a UA language mixtape, and this mixtape starts with Track One. Introducing Connor. Yeah, that's clearly not my voice. I'm getting some mix tape posting help from my friend dj, just John. Okay, here we go. That's Li Vibrato. Connie MCing at the National Theater here in Lima this past February. He's rapping in a mix of Spanish and Quechua. If you haven't heard of ua, that's kind of the point. It's the most widely spoken indigenous language in Latin America.


About 10 million people speak it and Libs bringing it to people in a whole new way. His mc name Lib Connie means I am a free man and a call in response you hear throughout his concerts is UA is resistance. I met Vibrato while in Lima, Peru, and I was in Lima on this totally non far flung gig filming young rappers and beat makers, which I've been doing on and off for the past seven years, all over the world. Bone Bath up in Thet, Zel Bone up in Thet. Anyway, I've always been interested in ways music leads to cultural mashups, like Chuan Hip Hop, and how that intersects with identity and the way people feel about themselves.


And when it comes to documenting hip hop, it's always a cool story when different languages and traditions get mixed into the music, but it's kind of hard to tell what that mixing means. What does it mean when someone is rapping in their ancestral language? How's that relate to a language living or dying? And how is all that culturally significant, politically significant? Basically, when does it lead to change on its face? It might seem like the fight for Quechua is about Lima's pride and their past, and that's true, but there's another crucial thing at stake here. It's the ability for Andean culture to survive and to evolve into the future. So to get the significance of what Vibrato is doing, we need to start with some background on Quechua, but you don't hear much Quechua outside of the countryside in Peru, ever since colonization, Spanish has been the dominant language of government, business education, really life in general, and there's of course all kinds of cultural implications with that as well.


In Lib's music though, you don't hear any of that hierarchy. He's swapping between languages constantly and letting Kewell lead the way on hooks In his call and responses. He's young, but he's like a classic nineties hip hop head, and when we hung out, he seemed really comfortable In his skin and sincere about everything. Oh, in heads up, we were talking in Spanish in most of this interview, so you'll hear some overdub in English. Track two, deep in the Andean Bronx. This is Ada made from Purple Corn. It's very delicious from corn. You can even make chea de hora.


It is incredible. Okay, so we're walking down Long Street. We've been walking for a little bit. We are eating a kind of Peruvian popcorn canita, and we're drinking a purple corn based drink. Ada. It's kind of balmy out here. It's not that hot. Yeah, again, noisy sirens. Lima is a cultural hub for Peruvians. It's like they're LA and New York match into one. About 10 million people live here and the population's growing. While we were walking through downtown, Lima Librato told me that when he went to New York to perform for the first time in 2018, a lot of what he saw reminded him of home in unusual ways.


He told a crowd that he realized he was like a rapper from the Andean Bronx. They loved it. You know, he's a rapper, so he is good with metaphor, and there's something very hip hop about his life experience. He grew up in a world that was hostile to his identity, specifically his Andean UA speaking identity. So Libera rapping in UA flowed great to my ear as someone who didn't have a lot of linguistic and cultural context, it's just good sounds. But sometimes locals were shocked to hear the language mixed into hip hop. Track three, welcome to the Donkey Belly Sky, And one of those locals is my friend Oscar Durand.


He's producing and basically co-hosting this episode with me. Oscar grew up in Lima in the eighties and first left Peru in 2002 to study and live abroad as a photojournalist. The first time that I heard Lito's music, I was surprised, you know, it was not the first time I heard Chua. I heard it when I was in Peru, obviously, but it was the first time that I heard someone rapping in Chua. Hmm. And it was a new context for the language, a different energy. So I knew that I had to meet this guy. Tell me the story, man. I wasn't there. So, You know, I already heard about him. So I was really curious about his story because you know, as a journalist, you know, I have my, my antennas, you know, always scanning for, you know, interesting stories.


So last time when I was visiting Peru, I was there for work. I sent Vera a message about, about meeting up, and he told me, oh, you know, I have this concert, why don't you, you know, come I couldn't make it, but you know, him and his band were playing at this rehearsal space. So I just went and and met him. Then we start chatting and it was just such a great energy because I felt like I knew these guys forever, and then they start playing and it was just one of the most amazing experiences I had in Peru because it was like I had this concert just for myself. Yeah, but what was it about him that shocked locals?


I mean, there's great musicians in Peru for sure. So what was it about Rado that made him stand out? Well, it's first surprising to hear Keon Lima because when I was growing up, Ketchu was not really around me in school. I remember Ketchu being mentioned in our history class when we were talking about the Inca Empire and our glory days. But those days, you know, are long gone and many people would not associate Kea with innovation or success. People connected it to being poor, un educated, and backwards. It is sad. So to hear Kea mixed with hip hop and to see how proud Lita was to rap in Kea, it was just the last thing I would have expected, especially in Lima.


Okay. So I'm still trying to understand why there's this stigma against UA in Lima. I mean, although TWA is one of Peru's official languages, the way you're describing things there, it, it doesn't seem that way. Can you gimme some historical context here? What was Lima like when you were growing up? Well, Lima used to be a totally different place. I remember feeling like we were one of the worst countries in the world, One of the worst countries in the world, Oscar man. How so? Well, politically, economically and socially everything was a mess. Even the sky was like against us. In Lima, we call it Pansa. Dero, donkey belly sky. Lima is a desert, but also a coasted city near a mountain range.


The fog comes off the ocean just hovers over Lima endlessly. So everything starts to feel kind of static, gray, depressing. You're making it sound really dark. Was there anything positive that Lima was known for? Honestly, at the time, not really. Argentina is known for its soccer Chile for their wine, but we were known for hyperinflation, a broken economy, terrorism. There was not much to be proud of. Almost everything native, indigenous and Indian was seen as negative and low class and everything European, white foreign was seen as the best. Yeah, Man, you see that in so many countries with a colonial past.


So you know, basically just not a lot of Peruvian pride at the time? No, not at all. Life was stressful. It wasn't safe or easy to travel because we were in the middle of a violent conflict. I remember doing my homework by candlelight because of the electricity blackouts caused by terrorists blowing up electric towers. These two violent groups were trying to overthrow the government and the conflict hit the countryside really hard. Something like 600,000 people fled to Lima and other cities to escape. But Lima wasn't the most welcoming place for Peruvians from the countryside. Why do you think they weren't welcomed? Well, a lot of people who migrated to Lima from the countryside were looked down on the more Peruvian you seemed like speaking Quechua or having darker skin.


People assumed that you were backwards, that you were poor farmer from the countryside, or even worse, even they suspected that you were a terrorist. But some people tried to blend in by hiding or even giving up their culture or language like, So in all that, where does someone like vibrato get his pride from? So I was wondering the same thing when I met Berto, because I noticed when I came back that it wasn't just Berto who was proud of his identity. It's like there was this wave of pride across Peru, and I think this pride in being Peruvian actually started with our food. There was this gastronomic boom that happened after I left, and actually Peru has been named the best culinary destination in the world for the past eight years.


So all this new attention really did change the way we Peruvians look at ourselves. I mean, indigenous ingredients that people used to look down on are now superfood. It's interesting. So now that Peru had this state of being the best at something with food, it's like suddenly Lima and Peruvian culture were on trend. Yeah, I mean, at least on the foodie magazines, we were on trend. But you know, once I heard lib vibrato music, I wonder if being cool in this moment was actually more than just a passing trend. You know, like were things actually changing in a deeper way for all of as Peruvians?


Yes. So Oscar and I had a lot of similar questions, and all these questions come up in Vibratos own life story. So here's some of that story. I'm gonna hand this off to Oscar and Vibrato Track four. Who do you think you are, Mr. Big headed? Well, I was born in Lima in Peru's capital, but when I was nine years old, sadly, my mother left this world very early and my grandmother called me to live with her in Aima. So I traveled from Lima to the mountains for the first time when I was eight years old or so, and I lived there for three years.


When Liberto got there, he found all recordings from his grandfather and realized he came from a long line of musicians. His grandfather even had a little shop that became a popular hangout spot for local artists. Unfortunately, My grandfather passed away because of the social conflict. Here. He was killed by an armed group, my grandfather's legacy, his songs, everything was left to my father. And my father is the evolution of my grandfather. My grandfather sings very beautifully himself. You have to hear him. There was a song that goes, So, although Bertos grandfather had passed, Berto was able to hear his voice on a cassette tape his father gave him.


The recording was from 1978. When I listened back to the cassette, it almost made me wanna cry because in the tape, a man interrupts my grandfather in the recording and says, A, a, a, this song is a farewell. It was almost like a premonition of his grandfather's death. And all this made him want a richer connection to his history and culture. But when Lito first came from Lima, it wasn't the smoothest transition. He didn't speak catch like the other kids in school. But When I began interacting with my classmates in grade school, they started to make jokes that I didn't like at first.


I didn't know how to answer back because they would say, for example, ma or jokes that were like insults. So I didn't like that because they'd say something to me and everyone would laugh. I wanted to be in on the joke, so I wasn't the butt of the joke. Basically, everyone made fun of him. They were calling him bigheaded and big footed, and he decided to fight back. I had to be able to answer back. So I started to learn various words or more like bad words in Quechua to defend myself. That's when I started to answer my classmates who bothered me back in Quechua, But he couldn't just say bad words. So he started to learn more Quechua from his grandmother, and the more he spoke with her, the more he came to appreciate her.


She Loves making jokes. She's like a little box of surprises artistically speaking, And he learned a lot from her through the things they did together. They often spend the whole day together outside. I loved it because the goats were really hyperactive. So it was like a game for me. It was like a mos pit of goats. Never in my life had I walked so much. Every day. We walked a minimum of two hours, three hours, four hours in the mountains. Andto remembers how his grandmother would sing to pass the time on the walks.


I remember once we got caught in the rain when we were in the country, and she took out some cocoa leaves and started to make a movement in the air and said some words that I don't remember. And so the rain that was coming from the hill across from us began to alter its course. It didn't come with as much force, but rather it just started to drizzle. And I thought my grandmother's a witch. But nonetheless, scientifically inexplicable things like that happen in Andan communities. She also taught liber Atta words in Quechua that represented cultural concepts about their way of life, like Apus, the spirits of the mountains. And that's the story of how I learned to Quechua so fast, because a lot of times I went through the river carrying grass for the Guinea pigs from my grandmother's little animals, and that's where I spent the whole day talking in Quechua with my friends on the river banks Track five.


When I say hip, you say Hot. Berto didn't realize how much he had changed until he moves back to Lima. As a teenager, I had left behind my Lima mentality, my Lima way of life, and I felt completely Andean as if I had been born in the Andes. But getting used to life in Lima again was hard. Things didn't feel right in the city. He had a hard time connecting to his roots. When I came back speaking, UA didn't really feel necessary to me. That was something that surprised me a lot. And the other thing that surprised me was the racism that I experienced. I realized the kids in my neighborhood, my own friends, they were being racist towards me with their jokes.


They would say to me, what's up, cholo, cholo, cholo, cholo. And it shocked me. And then I had to get used to it to be able to live without being upset. Tato realized that when people were calling him cholo, it was an insult, not a compliment. It was hard for him to fit in. Even In his neighborhood in Lima, people didn't listen to the traditional music he listened to back home. They listened to reggaeton and to salsa, Which Is very good. It has its own whole culture, but it didn't grab my attention. There was also cumbia, but that didn't speak to me. It wasn't something that made me feel free.


And On a normal day in high school, I always sat at the back of the classroom and during recess, two kids started to do hip hop, one beat boxed and the other started to improvise. One made sounds like, and the other improvised, yo yo we're here. Of course the improvisation wasn't so good back then. And so started the band And there were four of us, and I met with one of the four because he was learning to do instrumental hip hop beats come to my house, he said, and we'll work on it. And while I was there, he said, Hey, why don't you write a rap in Quechua, a chorus in Quechua? I swear it had never occurred to me to write in Quechua till that day, but what should it be about?


I asked him and he said, about what you experienced in the mountains, of course. And in that moment, I took a piece of paper and I wrote a chorus. And that chorus became the song Hip Hop Ani. At first when he wrote lyrics in Quechua, it was just about the rhymes and whether they sounded good or not. The sounds of Quechua, for example, the Ha, those apostrophes sound incredible when in Chua for example, it said that.


And the more he wrote, the more he thought about the message behind his lyrics. When Ira in Spanish, I didn't talk about any andan themes. That is, there wasn't any historical context when I ra in Spanish. But when I started to experiment with rapping in ua, that's when I started to research to analyze history, the history of Peru, especially my roots in the experiences that I had in the Andes. And the more he researched his roots, the more he came to appreciate how music has been a way of life for his entire family. I also got to know and came to value that I had a genius in the house. My father, he's a musical genius, a true artist.


So I started to analyze his songs and it helped me when it came time to compose my own songs. And I told him, you have Flo. He didn't understand what's Flo? Flo is the flavor that it has. I told him he has Flo as if he were a rapper like from the Bronx. So finally Tato was ready to test out rapping in Quechua in public. And he started in the place he felt most comfortable Clario. First I sang it in the neighborhood in the rural zones, and there was a yell like, how crazy cholo you outdid yourself cholo. No. And as he became more confident, he started performing where he knew he would have an audience on public transportation.


I used to board buses to do hip hop because a friend told me it would be cool If you could sing on the buses. It would be crazy. So after two hours of hesitating, I did it. You can imagine how scared I was on a bus. People are not there to listen to a concert, they're not there to hear hip hop. They wanna get to where they are going. People are angry, tired, stressed out. And me, I said, dear passengers, good afternoon. I am a young student who is here to offer you a little bit of my talent, my art. I'm gonna start with a song called Hip Hop Ruach. And then I started to sing and people were surprised, and the level of emotion was incredible.


The response was, congratulations. That is just recently young people started to open up to me and say, my father is from Aima, from the Andes, or my grandmother also speaks Quechua. Or people would say, yes, yes, cholo. I swear that now I've heard you, which made me want to learn Quechua more because it sounds good. Quechua sounds good. And I would say, if your grandmother is still alive, take advantage of that. Learn UA Track six,


A brief Quechua language interlude brought to you by Marriott Hotels.


Wow, that was such a soothing track. Interlude. Thank you John. And yeah, we're gonna get a quick lesson from vibrato. He's actually a language teacher and he's going to teach us some catchall words. So in South America, Spanish and Kwa have a long history together. There's some common catchall words you might recognize that have been adopted into Spanish, like papas, which is Spanish for potato, and also into English like condor, jerky llama or quinoa. And If you get to go to one of Lib's concerts in person, he might just teach you some chua during the concert itself.


When, So Oscar and I asked Lido to give us a quick UA language lesson. We started with some useful phrases for just getting around his hometown. So in the mountains to say hello, or How are you? You say, Chu. So if I say chu, you reply A, which is like, I'm fine, I'm good. Yeah. Next phrase means, what is your name Mat? Next word means life. But it can't be translated in just one word. It can also mean rebirth, or it can be used to refer to crops or freedom.


Next word, hawi means poetry, but can also refer to the songs dedicated to nature or mountain spirits. And we couldn't resist asking vibrato to tell us some of those comebacks that he said he learned as a kid, such as Chuck, which means big footed and ring or big eared. Okay, language lesson over what happens when Lib leaves the band and goes solo. More on that when we come back with track Seven breakups to mashups.


Okay, now as we promised, track Seven breakups to mashups. Bertos band is split up in 2015. And Berto canny, the Kea rapper was born as a solo act, but Berto got some straight up resistance to fusing Kea with such a foreign music style. Like rap. People ask him, Why do something foreign? Why not something from here? Basically they meant why Fuse ra with hip hop when there's all these beautiful traditional styles of music, why hip hop? And what I tell them is that hip hop came during a hard moment in my life.


Music arrives in the moment you most need it, it just fills your life. And for me, the music that opened doors for me and made me feel free was hip hop. And I'm very grateful for that. That's it. I can't give any other explanation because the only thing I can say is that this is my way of life. So by combining TWA with a musical genre that was more universal, his language became more empowering, not embarrassing. He's quick to talk about his influences, not just from American hip hop, but also from Afro Perian musicians. He feels the fusion make his message stronger, and he was not alone in discovering how combining influences can create new spaces for Quechua to exist.


As you'll hear in this upcoming track, Normally you hear Winos or other traditional music in Quechua, but to listen to Quechua in another genre and hear it fit well, like in Pop, it sounds really good. It's especially beautiful when my friend Renata Flores does it melodious like a ballad Track eight, the cover artist. Every Good mix tape has to have a cover song. So Vibrato was steeped in throwback nineties hip hop and coming up with some golden age boom bap vibes. Meanwhile, Renata Flores, this artist he just mentioned, and the singer you're hearing now was coming up in an entirely different way.


Renata Flores Rivera, Renata has long hair. She's incredibly friendly, has got this big smile, actually kind of looks like a Disney princess. I met Renata outside of one of Lib's shows. She was with her manager, who's also her mom. They had come all the way from Acho, a city in the Andes, just north of the town where Vibrato lived with his grandmother. It's known as being this unbelievably majestic place. It's Very quiet. The sky is very, very blue with clouds that look like cotton balls. It's like a little hole that's surrounded by a lot of hills and it smells like pure clean air. And it's like a little town with people with big hearts.


While she was telling us this, Renata turned a large rain stick. What's Beautiful about Andan music is that it takes its cue from nature. And this is like the river, the Rain Lake Lido. Renata also didn't grow up speaking Quechua, even though her grandparents did. She grew up speaking Spanish, but her house was full of music. I started when I was really little. My parents always listened to a rock band that sings in ua, and I always like to listen to them.


So that's where my love for UA and my love for music began More on OPA in a bit. So Renata wanted to start singing her favorite pop songs in ua, but she didn't speak ua, just Spanish. So she had to ask her grandmother and parents to help her with the translation and pronunciation. And then this crazy thing happened. She covered Michael Jackson's the way you make me feel. And it hit a million views in just two weeks, a lot for an unknown Peruvian musician. So she's just barely more than a kid singing in a different language, but she starts to feel important.


I never thought that singing in Quechua would influence young people to learn it, to value it, to feel proud of a language that was being lost. So she's covering classic rock and pop experimenting with hip hop, and her videos are doing numbers. So ua, which is often culturally invisible in the media, was now going viral and presented in a way that almost anyone who heard it could appreciate it even if they didn't understand it. And like vibrato, as she gets older, she's writing her own songs and getting more political. The song you're hearing now, Kana is a protest about the educational reality of Peruvian people in rural areas. It's Very important, not just because it's our ancestors language.


UA is also a way of life. UA is all about solidarity. It's about being concerned about others. On top of that, it talks a lot about reciprocity that comes from the Andan culture, but it's contained in the language which holds a whole culture customs that we've left behind. And now Ada is probably Peru's most famous pop musician singing in Quechua. And she's only 19 years old. Track nine Guinea Piggy Jiggy.


So the way people reacted to vibrato and Renata felt strangely familiar to something in my own life. My dad's from India, so I heard some Bollywood music growing up, but not as much as most of the other Indian kids I met. And I only understood fragments of the songs because I didn't pick up the language growing up. But I did grow up listening to hip hop. And there was this period where Missy Elliot's Get Your Freak On came out and Punjabi EMC broke through and all of a sudden there were these very Indian sounding beats popping up in hip hop. I felt so proud of that. Like I know I shouldn't need that kind of validation, but I just felt like, oh, a sound from my dad's country is cool. It's on the radio, it's in the music that the whole country is listening to.


And that brings us to Kayfex Kayfex. He's a DJ and producer who's kind of making the 2020 Andean versions of Get Your Freak on Making electronic music with Distinctly Peruvian. Sounds like Sounds from the Andes, the Highlands, the Jungle Kayfex collaborates with vibrato and Renata when they're writing their songs so that they sound distinctly Peruvian.


Not just linguistically, but orally too. Like how the song you're hearing Tera or Scissors in Spanish incorporates songs from Peru's Scissors dance. And there's a detail of cap ex's identity that I love. His beats are hard, cinematic, dramatic, but the meaning of his name. Well, it's very Peruvian and it's also very cute. Kayfex Kayfex comes from Guinea pig Kui. And it was my cousin who gave me the Ku Fix nickname without thinking that someday I'd become a musician or use it as a P student.


When I was very young, he'd tell me, you have a Pel, because I've always been a little chubby, like a Guinea pig. That's the second time we've referenced Guinea pigs in this episode because there's a lot of Guinea pigs in Peru. It's true. And even though they're cute, they're also delicious. If you Google Guinea pig Peru, you can see the photos of how they're served. They look like they're taking a nap on your plate. They're last nap on your plate. Okay, back to the music. When Kayfex was growing up, he noticed that he and his friends were mostly listening to music that was from the US or from Europe, and that nobody paid attention to the music that was from where he was from.


Sometimes Peruvian music sounded old and uncool to some of his friends, at least at first. When I was 13 years old, I first started as a dj, but I didn't wanna just be a dj. I wanted to start producing music. And with that desire to produce music came the wish to have my own sound. And one day when Kayfex was In his room listening to songs from Ayacucho, he played some traditional music that is used in a local dance. We mentioned earlier, the scissor dance. Its Origins date back to 16th century Peru Scissors dancers hold a pair of heavy polished iron rods that look just like scissor blades. They hold 'em in their right hand and kind of strike the blades together in a scraping scissor kind of way to the rhythm of instruments like violins and harps.


They do this while doing all these acrobatic moves. There's all these half flips and throwing themselves onto the floor. Vibrato who often has scissors, dancers performing on stage with him, describes a scissor dance as Andean break dancing, and it kind of looks like it. And that trebbly scraping sound of the scissor dance was exactly what Kayfex was looking for. It was a sound he'd heard a million times before, but that day he heard it in a new way. So he started listening to the Scissor Dance album on repeat, just again and again, searching for those sounds. Sometimes My family told me too much scissors dance, change the music because my studio's in my house and my family can hear what I'm working on.


But sometimes they say, Hey, what you're doing is really Pretty. So the scissor dance sounds made it into his track with Renata, and it's his most popular track. And even though he is not using Kwa himself, most of the music is instrumental. He's pushing deeper into sampling locally and making all these mashups more richly Indian and more richly his own. Most people, especially young people, didn't know these sounds.


There's no fusion. Lots of people will forget about this and they will be lost and everything has to evolve. Track 10 throwback. Okay, now's the point in the mixtape where you have a throwback track that catches you off guard, maybe references the origin of a sample. So to review, we've been describing this new vanguard and we've had vibrato, the real hip hop head rapping in Quechua Renata, the innovator who realized she could reach this huge audience by singing pop covers in Quechua and posting them on YouTube, Kayfex the Guinea pig, who brings the sounds and music history from all over Peru into contemporary electronic music in a non-cheesy way.


So all that is what's happening today, and it's this amazing movement. But to start to get an idea of what this all means, how all this remixing of cultures might influence how Peruvians perceive themselves. We have to go back to opa, the band Renata first covered. Opa is like the OG of fusing foreign music with Peruvian language and culture. In this case, rock with Wino, a popular and Indian and folk music. But Opa says that their music is not just rock sung in Quechua, that it has an andean soul, that when a peasant farmer listens to oah, he will feel that soul. And although vibrato, Renata and Kayfex have faced resistance, UBA has arguably faced the most.


When they first performed, people said It was like, what are those crazy people doing? What are they doing with our music? Our ancestors? They should leave traditional music as it is, get you as it is. That's Marcos Misel, OBA's songwriter and guitarist. In the early nineties, Marcos was approached by a musician, Freddie Ortiz, who had worked as a police officer during Peru's civil War and had seen terrible things. Freddy wanted to form a blues rock band that performed in Quechua to give Peruvian people a sense of pride in themselves. After all that had happened, he named the band Opa, which means ashes in Chua, referencing all that was left after the war destruction ashes.


And so I was thinking like, yeah, OBA's music may have resonated with people from the countryside, hit hardest by the war. But what did people from Lima who didn't even speak Quechua, people like Oscar think of it? Well, honestly, I didn't know about witch fan until very recently. And listening to them now, I feel like I missed out on something because I wish I could have had that music growing up. What their music did for Peruvians and the musicians we've been talking to, it's just amazing because those were really difficult times for Peru, you know? And this was the time before Quinoa was school, when If you spoke catch up, people didn't respect you or just didn't want you around.


Knowing about this newer movement and some of the history around it, we were curious what this all meant long term. So we asked Marcos from WPA to put this in context for us. His band has been performing for 20 years and seeing all these young people coming up, we were wondering, does he give him hope or does he think the same barriers that UVA faced are still there? Now, things have changed a lot. Little by little Peruvians are doing better economically, but it's still a very long process because Peru hasn't done the right things. Oscar, what does he mean by Peru not doing the right things? Well, there are a few government media campaigns to promote Peruvian pride, but that's not enough.


I'd say that that's kind of superficial because pride doesn't necessarily translate to equal rights or access to opportunities. I was recently talking to a Peruvian writer, Marco Veles, who wrote this amazing book, I Am Not Your Cholo, about how there's still so much discrimination in Peru. And he brought up the point about access to healthcare for ketchu speaking people. So for example, If you speak Ketchu and go to the hospital, well mostly everyone there speaks Spanish and there's no interpreter. So then you're outta luck. You're gonna have a hard time. So if you only speak Quechua, you are still really on the edges of society. You can maybe have access to more spaces, but you are constantly reminded that you are not included.


Track 11, the resistance sistance, I'm going to sound a little dramatic. I'm going to put everything into this until I can go on, because I think has a duty. As long as the song lasts, the dream is alive. And when the song is over, we return to reality. So my battle is for the songs that I make, you feel proud of being Peruvian, if only for a moment, and I make you aware of your roots, that's a huge accomplishment. And if there were 30 s and 30 Baratos, the beauty would be easier.


But I'm worried about the future. I don't want to be negative. But if there's no work on the part of the government, it's almost impossible. And Lito agrees. RA is a language that's always having to put up a fight. It keeps on struggling, struggling, struggling. But if there's no support, if there's no work on the part of the state, the struggle is going to take longer. Because it would be great if they taught UA in Peru high schools. It's as if they view Quechua as a language for tourism, a language for history teachers or anthropologists or whatever. That's what a lot of young people like me are trying to change. That Quechua is a language that's part of modernity, that's also a part of the current world.


Yeah, music is powerful, but that doesn't magically fix everything. So much of this is timing, but it feels like being able to evolve culturally should almost be a human, right. Right. And in this case, all this fusion and innovation does play a part in creating a sense of pride. And so vibrato and Marcos hope that this growing pride influences policy. And they hope that that policy formalizes processes like education that will help keep their identities alive. Exactly. And that's the Peru I want to see.


For all the young people who like me are trying to bring about change. I would tell them to be persistent. I think that in any movement, persistence and determination are important. And try to innovate. Don't be afraid of innovation, of course, do it without losing the original essence. But it's good to dare to do something new. There are going to be people along the way who don't like it, but it's necessary to be determined and to resist. That's resistance, not giving up. You have to have that word in mind. Resistance. That's it. Just that. There you go. Y'all resist. 'cause it's the future.


Track 12, the credit that most people scan. But please don't skip them because people work really hard. Far flung with Celine. Rush Wallah is produced by Jesse Baker and Eric Newsom of Magnificent Noise. For TED, our production staff includes Elise and Kim Nader Peterson ate Tana, Sabrina Farhi, Angela Chang and Michelle Quint, with the guidance of Roxanne Highl and Colin Helms. Voiceover by Jonathan Souza, AKA fest, Hector Ali, Jay Cruz, Marol Les and John Law, AKA dj, just John.


Additional recordings by Whitney Henry Lester, and Hernando Suarez Translation and transcription by Hernando Suarez, El O'Neil and Oscar Durand. Our fact checkers are Nicole Bode and Paul Durbin. Ad stories are produced by Transmitter Media. This episode was mixed and sound, designed by Kristin Mueller. Additional music by Chris Ky. Special thanks to Kane Sgo and play play for being in the cipher at the beginning of this episode. And to Lido, Connie Renado Flores Kayfex and Marcos Myel for sharing your sounds and music to Marco Les for your time and expertise.


Our executive producer is Eric Newsom. I'm Sli re Walla. No Guinea pigs were harmed during this production. Special thanks to our sponsor, Marriott Hotels.