
Your old or broken phone can let you down when you need it most. Ah, perfect. But at Verizon trade in any old phone from our top brands and get the most for it, up to $2,000 in value for an amazing new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence and a new line on my plan and iPad and Apple Watch series 10. That's like a three for one and you can get it on any plan at Verizon Trade in your old phone for a brand new iPhone 16 Pro iPad and Apple Watch. The other guys won't give you that. Visit verizon.com today. Additional terms apply service plan required for Apple Watch and iPad up to $2,000 value based on iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod to post your job For free terms and conditions apply.


Hey Prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news with Amazon Music you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


Hey TED Talks Daily listeners. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today we have an episode of another podcast from the TED Audio Collective handpicked by us for you. Since 2003, Radiohead's bassist Colin Greenwood has taken his camera to the studio and on stage to document the rise of one of the world's most cherished bands. In this episode of Design Matters, Colin sits down with host Debbie Millman to discuss his legendary career and why he turned to photography. To capture the essence of music, you can find episodes of Design Matters wherever you get your podcasts. Learn more about the TED Audio Collective at audio collective dot TED dot com.


There was one point we were playing, I was playing with Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds and Nick's like playing the piano next to me on stage and he turned around and he, he said, are you taking photographs? 'cause he heard, I think you must have heard a clicking sound or something. And I was like, no. From the TED Audio Collective, this is Design Matters. With Debbie Millman on Design Matters, Debbie talks with designers and other creative people about what they do, how they got to be who they are and what they're thinking about and working on. On this episode, Debbie talks photography and music with Colin Greenwood, the bass player for Radiohead.


Our first few records are more bomb bomb and then perhaps our later records are more also the liberty blob. Let's say that you're in a world famous rock band and you the bassist or a shutter book. For years you've been taking pictures with a small black camera in hotel rooms and bars backstage and even on stage. And then the time comes when you release a book of those photos and many unguarded fugitive moments of your band or on display as never before. I'm speaking about How to Disappear a photographic portrait of Radiohead by Colin Greenwood, the bassist in Radiohead, one of the most important, successful and experimental rock and roll bands of the last 40 years.


Colin Greenwood joins me today to talk about his career in music and his brand new beautiful book. Colin, welcome to Design Matters. Debbie, thank you so much for the invitation and for that wonderful introduction. Absolutely, my pleasure. Colin, you were born in Oxford, England, but because your father served in the royal ordinance, your family moved to Germany and then to Didcot Suffolk, Abingdon and Oakley. I believe you attended five primary schools and even lived in Germany long enough to learn the language. Can you still speak any German?


I spoke Sun German and sadly I did it at secondary school, high school. But I didn't have a very good teacher and sadly not, but I did do French A level so I can order a baguette in Paris. So the thing about what you talked about all those schools, I guess when you say that, I think you could either become like a raging introvert or you just get very good at making friends all the time and I think that's a quality that can be part of being a band too. Like Michael Sti, there's a bunch of people, mark saw some people I know like that they were like army brats as you like to say, you know? So I think there is, there's an interesting correlation there could be perhaps between people who are like moved around a lot like that and worked in entertainment.


You grew up in a home with music always in the background, and I understand your parents' favorite records were by musicians including Burl Ives, Scott Joplin, Simon and Garfunkel, and even Mozart's Horn Concerto. That's quite a range. Yeah, I guess my parents would've liked the kind of music that was just sort of described as sort of classical music and more of the pop stuff would've been Simon Garfunkel. And my first mean, my Brother's first record was probably Bur Life's Junior Choice, which is a collective American sort of children's little folk on Big Rock Candy Mountain. Do you know that? Obviously Yes, yes. You know, so those are kind of our first records. Me and my brother growing up in Germany, 'cause there was no television while we were in Germany that was in English.


So we didn't have any, we didn't have a television, so we just had to entertain ourselves with records and books and writing. Your parents brought you your older sister Susan and your younger brother Johnny Musical Instruments and encouraged you to play them. And what instruments did they get you all? Well, my sister is a bit older, so she kind of, she, her musical contribution I suppose was a, she brought music to the house so we listened to records that she would buy, whether it's like Dylan or Beatles or reggae or whatever or post punk. And then in terms of musical instruments, my brother, I think his first instrument was a recorder and I had a guitar and then my brother made a viola.


I carried on the classical guitar. That's kind of what we did really until Radiohead kicked off when we were in our teens. Now you mentioned your sister and the music that influenced you. What did that include? She brought lots of different kinds of records into the house, which is really great. Like, you know, scar, soul, reggae, quite a Catholic taste. But I would say, you know, record that was big for me, which she probably didn't bring into the house, was a joy division I loved, that was my favorite when I was about 13. But you know, lots of different kinds of music to be fair to her. And we sort of bop around the front room and my mother bought a Sony receiver, you know, one of those sound systems.


But yeah, that, that was, that was made the main musical influences of me and my brother growing up. Tell us about your Toshiba radio cassette player. It was a single speaker, probably about, what's that, about three inch size speaker and a little black receiver thing with a cassette. And that was kind of my gateway to my gateway drugs of music. And it was, you know, cassettes, it was Coto twins listening to eps, everything was on cassette and yeah, that was the thing that I found music through. And then after that I had little tiny little JVC, stereo receiver, tiny, I'd call it a beatbox or a boombox, but it was more of a sort of murmur box.


It was so small and, but it was just, you know, it was just fabulous. And since then I've spent my life in front of speakers, whether it's like in recording studios or at home. You attended Abington school wherein you had a lot of afterschool activities, options and you took classical guitar lessons with the same teacher as your classmate. Tom York was the teacher. Terrence Gilmore James, He was the director of music at my school and he was actually my, our neighbor where I lived. He was just a wonder. He is wonderful, inspirational, full of energy. One of these people who's very driven and positive and you know, I was kind of outside of the music system I felt outside of because I was doing music to study.


I was just, you know, exams, I was just doing classical guitar. But you know, he was a fabulous leader of, for music at my school and I have very fond memories of him. He introduced both you and Tom to 20th century classical music, avantgarde music of the postwar era, classic jazz and film scores. And I read that your first experience in a band together was when Tom joined the punk band, TNT that you were in. Was that your first band? I read that you were in three different bands before Radiohead. I wasn't really in that band, TNT and I dunno if they were, they were just like a, a couple of kids at the school that I think Tom did something with it, but it was all early days.


And then Tom was in a band and after my school, when he was at college called the Headless Chickens, he put out a single called, I don't want to go back to Woodstock, I think, which is fun. But when we were at school, it was just basically Radiohead from the ages of about 14 I guess. And we may have jammed at some other people, but that was kind of the thing. Why were you only able to play and rehearse on Fridays? I don't know why it was probably because that was when the school music school was free to practice or whatever. So the first band, the first name of the band was on a Friday after TNT Tom invited you and Ed O'Brien to start a new band, which was named on a Friday.


Is it true that your headmaster of your school once sent you a bill charging you for the, why would he do something like that? Well, you know, as I get older, as most people, when they get older, well perhaps some people they get more sort of hung in their opinions and stuff. I sort of, my, my recollection of what happened is sort of softened as I've got older. And I understand that my Sundays, he, his house is near quite near the music school and we were rehearsing on a Sunday, not a Friday. He, I think we probably like disturbed his, his weekend. So he sent us a bill for practicing on a, on a, on a Sunday. But the, the director of music tore it up and left it on his desk, which I think is brilliant.


And the facilities at the school was ama were amazing and I will always be very grateful for that. One of the things they did was this thing, I realize now it's called do you know active listening? Do you know what that is? Yes. That's a little bit what I have to do with with the show. Yeah, it's like an educational tool that was developed maybe after the war. It was a way of like teaching people about music, the idea of that, you know, you're not just, you just wash over you, you, so we had these music lessons, which we would like be listening to like a tam version of KY Pictures and exhibition or something like that. Yeah. I realized what we were doing was we were having these lessons in active listening, which is of course what you do a lot when you're making a record And it's hard.


It's not something that you just sort of tell yourself you're going to do. I'm gonna listen, you know, really hard. It's, it takes a lot of, a lot of training. Yeah, well it takes some energy and I think, but you know, I think maybe like what Sammy Johnson said about books could apply to this too, is like, you know, If you listen to something and it's kind of boring, that's fine. You can just turn it off like you would say about a book, you know. But I love, I love, I love listening to things that are satisfying in alerts in different ways and don't just sort of modulate mindless


Support for the show comes from Mint Mobile. I don't know about you, but I like keeping my money where I can see it. Unfortunately, traditional big wireless carriers seem to like keeping my money too. After years of overpaying for wireless, I finally got fed up and switched to Mint Mobile. It was a great option for us because my daughter recently got her first phone and we weren't really loving the high prices and pointless perks offered by the big wireless carriers. Thankfully Mint Mobile rescued us offering premium wireless plans for her starting at just $15 a month. They're here to rescue you two. All plans come with high suite data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Ditch overpriced wireless and get three months of premium wireless service from Mint Mobile for 15 bucks a month like my family did. If you like your money, Mint Mobile is for you. Shop plans at Mint Mobile dot com slash talks. That's Mint Mobile dot com slash talks. Upfront. Payment of $45 for three month five gigabyte plan required equivalent of $15 a month. New customer offer for first three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See Mint Mobile for details.


Race the rudder, race the sales raise the sales captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply


Because Ed already played guitar. You became the bass player. Yes. Did you know how to play the bass at that time or did you pick it up once you were sort of, Yeah, I bought a, my mother I think probably got me a base, a west, a black base called a Western DX Spectrum. Most important thing about it was it was black and I played along with my little Toshiba thing, I managed to plug it into the microphone input of the thing to like, like lots of Otis Redding and do you know Booker t 'cause their baselines were fairly straightforward and that was a way for me to learn really. And then, you know, other stuff after that.


So that's how I started. You said that the decision to play bass allowed you to dodge a bullet? Yes. Why is that? Well I think it was because there's so three brilliant guitarists in my band. I think it would be, it would've been, you know, very difficult for me to get a note in Ed Rays with all the other people. So it was a good thing. I was fortunate and I'm grateful to everyone for giving me the opportunity to play bass with them. The first gig you played was at a drunken school party with Ed and Tom and a drum machine. Oh yeah, that's right. It was a West Tinsey rugby club. It was with the drum machine, it was Tom's doctor rhythm drum machine.


And we were sort of stood in the middle with all these sorts of, you know, drunk sort of, I don't know, 17, 18 year olds and it was just the three of us. It's quite fun. When did Phil sway your drummer join the band? Well, he was like three years, two or three years older than us. He was at the, so we thought he was cool because he was already in a band, jungle Telegraph. So we poached him. And I read that your younger brother Johnny begged you to join the band. Yes, that's right. And we briefly had another keyboard player as well, but then my brother came in, my brother came in to play keyboard. I think that's what he did originally. He had a keyboard, Wasn't he also playing the harmonica?


Yeah, harmonica recorder. Penny whistle maybe it was one track with the Bay plays viola on, on a old track. It's a beautiful song actually called Chains. And then he picked up the guitar listening to the Pixies and Lou Reed. We, we loved this album by Lou Reed called New York. Did you sense at that time that he would end up becoming the sort of musical genius he is today? Well, he was always very musical. He's, he's always been into his music, you know, he had a scholarship when we were at school, so it's been his thing since he was like a little boy. So it's something he's always loved.


I read in your book that you've never let him forget that it was you that got him into the band. Yeah, that's right. I call him up like every so often, like, you know, remind him. No, it's just, it's really good, you know, it's been really, it's been really nice. We're not like other brothers perhaps in music who've been in bands together and might have a sort of fraught relationship. It's always been very good. You played your first public gig at the Jericho Tavern on Walton Street in Oxford on August 14th, 1986. You were 17 years old and you shared the stage with your band mates and four other bands.


And you write in the book that this experience gave you the ambition to make a life in music. What was it about that night that solidified this for you? I think it was just the excitement and the culmination after rehearsals of being on the stage. The volume like noise, the sheer sort of physical, visceral sound of everything is, is so thrilling. It was just great to be part of something in the band that was then part of a scene in Oxford. You know, in some way some kind of a connection with all the music that we were listening to at the time. Whether it was, you know, scar or post punk or whatever, you know.


So it was just a really wonderful way to spend time. You know, as our mother said it was, she used to say, well at least it keeps you off the streets. Didn't she want you to be a lawyer? No, I dunno what she wanted me to be. But what I loved about my mother's take on our music is that she didn't sort of care for it per se, but she called it ity bomb music. And then when we went to more sorts of electronic stuff, which she obviously had heard like sort of some modern classical, I think she called it b ity, blo, something like that. And I like to think that's actually a very accurate description of like Radiohead's musical sorts of creative arc. In what way? How would you Well, I'd say our first few records are more bomber bomb and then perhaps our later records are more sort of bleepity block in a more, as in electronic bleeps and bloops bleeps and things.


Bleepity, you know, in many ways I think my mother's commentary foreshadowed are lot of like the finest music journalists who've written about Radiohead and 20 years ahead. So well done her. I say, Would you say your bass playing has changed between Bop, pity Bop and flippity blip? It's always been trying to find somewhere to fit in, I suppose. But no, I think that's one of the, my bass playing is one of the sort of the reassuring sort of reliable dependent staples of the sound. Something you can rely on. Well I mean If you listen to songs like 15 Steps Yeah, weird Fishes, those songs would not be, I mean there's so many songs that wouldn't be the same without your baseline, but Very kind of you.


No, no. 15 Step is one of my all time favorite Radiohead songs. Oh Wow. And I listened to that song to feel the bass, to actually feel like there's this crescendo when the bass comes in that just kills me. Yeah, It's great. Isn't it's fun. Yeah. Well what happened was, it was on a, I'd got a 9 0 9 drum machine a few years ago and then we just had it set up in rehearsal and then we just used it as a sort of rough pattern for that. And then basically sort of wrote around the pattern, I think it was, And then Lotus Flower as well. That song would not be the same without your baseline.


Oh Thanks. I think that that's like, I can't remember, that's like a keyboard and then I played it or it's a keyboard and then I played it live. I can't really remember whether Tom did a keyboard baseline on that or whether I did. It sounds like your base, but that's just my understanding of it. Well It is live, it's fun playing live. It's, yeah, there's this guy called Joseph, lucky Scott who played with Curtis Mayfield and there's another guy, his name I always forget, so that's not very helpful. Who played on Move on up and stuff like that as well. And I bring them up because that would be the kind of thing that I would in my dreams aspire to is that kind of playing that combination of groove and melody.


I read that you learned how to play by listening to Duck Dunn, Peter Hook, Lee Scratch Perry. Yeah. And then people who played with James Brown, like Charles Rell and can't remember all these other people. And the Motown book about James Jameson, I learned about two thirds of those, so that was amazing. Yeah, so bass is, it's a very sympathetic instrument. It's the bridge between the rhythm and the melody, the drums and the voice and the top line. That's what's so amazing about the bass is the ability to sort of combine rhythm and emotion, I suppose, and to change the emotional weather underneath the chords, which you can do with the bass as well. So, Oh my God.


Yeah, especially in 15 steps. Ugh. Kills me. Wow, Thank you. Now you all had, you had an opportunity to sign a record contract but decided to go to, you all decided to go on to college? Yes. Instead of sign with a record company? Well, we didn't have a contract before university, but we decided to go to university first before we tried to get a contract in that very, very sensible way of thinking, well if it didn't work out we'd have university degrees to fall back on. So that's why we went to university first perhaps.


And also just to have more, have fun and try different experiences. So that's what happened. You studied English literature? That's right. Any particular authors that you found to be? I really like lots of modern American writing and I like a lot of 17th century writing and poetry. 17th century like Milton Marvel poetry, stuff like that, Shakespeare. And then I really like modern stuff. I mean, I don't know Raymond Carver, Richard Ford, Edith Wharton, just lots of stuff, you know Will MacArthur but lots of history as well.


So you know, big history, history, history, buff as a lots of people are now with, with the podcast. Were you still playing together through college? Yeah, we would meet up every holiday and we'd rehearse in the village halls around Oxfordshire and we'd keep in touch once we were at college sending cassettes or cassettes of new songs that we would listen to and think about and then we'd get together and work on them. By 1991 you recorded your first demo tapes. The Manic Hedgehog demo was passed to Parlophone a and r rep Keith Rosecroft. And he did that after seeing you play live at Jericho's and I believe that's when you got your record deal with EMI.


And I think that was another connection that you made. I was working in a record store and Keith Rosecroft was going to get a job in a and r at EMI and he was working as a rep selling records outta a rusty white van. So I gave him our demo cassette. I used to give our demo tapes to any record company sales rep who was interested and they generally weren't fair enough, but it was also our management had a connection. So it wasn't just me and Keith, it was our management. Were friends with this guy called David Ambrose who used to be in a band called Brian Trinity. He basically signed us to EMI together with a guy called Nick Gutfield.


He used to play with Dexus Midnight Runners. Oh. So that was how we sort of got our first contract. You write in your book that you were probably one of the last bands to sign a traditional record deal and I'm wondering is that a good thing or a bad thing? I mean, I'm sure that other bands have signed record deals after us and you used to think what would've it been like if we had been signed to the record label 20 years earlier or 10 years earlier? Because you could see at EMI the vestiges of what the business used to be before, you know, when you had artists like Queen or Beatles or whatever, you know, it was like a big international company.


We signed to Parlophone, which was the one half of the company, the other half was EMI, the two marketing labels, EMI and Parlophone. So we, yeah, so we signed Parlophone, which was amazing. So we had all these, you know, home of the Beatles and then through the American company it was Beach Boys, Beastie Boys, any B with Boys in it basically was on capital. So we, we were gonna become the Radiohead boys in America on On Capital and obviously just Radiohead, EMI in Parlophone in the uk. Yeah, it was, you know, it was very exciting to be part of this, you know, British institution.


You know the records that my sister bought when I was like nine, 10 years old, I dunno If you know The Beatles Red and the Beatles blue albums, which I sort of compilations of their songs and they have pictures of them looking down over the center like stairwell of EMI office in Manchester Square. Well that's where we sign, that's where we went, you know? Wow. Yeah. So that sort of artistic cultural heritage is incredibly exciting. As I was growing up, I would look at those album covers and, and I'm sad that album covers aren't as big as they used to be, but I would get lost in the photographs and I would get lost in the worlds that these bands created with their visuals.


Other band that I loved at the time and Still Love was Yes. And Roger Dean was doing all their artwork for their albums and they were otherworldly, I felt that they were cosmic. Yeah, well I just met Anton Corbin and with Nick Cave on tour in that and I think he was doing some project with Agnosis, which I want to check out, but I think it must be some kind of documentary that's out. But yeah, I mean it was brilliant. They had the photographs of like the band on the stairwells. They had like all the artists depending on where you were in terms of I guess sales and success, you know, the least popular, like least selling ones was some like, like eighties hairbands down by the drinks fending machine in the basement like upstairs, like each floor as you got to the sort of lofty heights of corporate affairs or whatever, you'd get like sort of, you know, shots of Paul McCartney or whatever, or Beastie Boys or I don't know, Tina Turner or something like that.


And Wow there was a hierarchy to the stairs. That's what we all aspire to. Now your first album Pablo Honey included the worldwide hit Creep. And I don't wanna talk too much about, I don't wanna talk about that song really at all, but I'm curious to know how it felt to go from a small local hardworking band with your schoolmates to essentially an overnight global sensation. Did it, did it make you feel differently about who you were at the time? Well it was all happening far away.


It was like Star Wars, you know, somewhere long, long ago and far away I suppose. 'cause it was happening in San Francisco and in Tel Aviv and where we had like our first radio plays for that song. What it meant though was that when we went on tour for the first time, say in America, we never toured in a van, you know, with a trailer. We, our first tour we, we had our own tour bus with beds because we played all these clubs which you would normally do with a van, Bringing in your own equipment and so forth. Yeah. But I guess because we had some money for the record company to advance the touring and also because we seemed to be selling the shows, there was a budget for a tour bus so we were playing these clubs around America and arriving in a really nice American Eagle tour bus.


So we were spoiled really. But it was just, just the best experience, just fabulous. You write in your new book that the sugar rush success of your first single probably saved you from being dropped by EMI and granted you the grace to record the album The Bends in 1994. And that album was initially overlooked when it first came out and some dismissed Radiohead as a one hit wonder, which just sort of baffles me. Now did you worry about the notion of becoming a one hit wonder at that time? No, because I wouldn't say that we would think about what we do in terms of what individual songs.


When we were making our second records Bens, we were like, you know, we were, we spent a long time in Rack Studios in London, which is a fabulous studios in St. John's Wood Round the Corner from Abbey Road. Super famous plays, so many brilliant records and artists have recorded there, Al Green Robert Plant. We had the time to make that record too. And that was one of my favorite albums. Mine too. You and the band went on to release seven additional studio albums that have changed rock and roll. You've sold over 30 million albums worldwide. You've won six Grammys in 2019.


The band was included into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Now in addition to your work as a musician and a member of Radiohead, you are a photographer and I read that the first book of photography that captured your imagination was the book Vagabond by Gay Lord Oscar Heron. What was it that intrigued you most about that book? I think it's that thing where like you see a book of photography that's like the first book that you see. So like anything, whether it's your first record or your first painting or whatever you, it has stays with you. But I think what I loved about that book was how he managed to make a documentary book about his family neighborhood and sort of turn it into something you know, engaging.


And there's a text as well where he quotes I think from the Bible about a Cain and Abel I think. But I think it's the idea that, you know, as a photographer you are basically something sort of solitary about what you're doing, but at the same time, you know, you're capturing other people collective crowds, sort of portraits and things like that. So it's quite sort of romantic I suppose as well. That idea of how you see the world. I just loved all, I loved it. I loved the different types of photography in the book. There's landscape, there's groups, there's portraits, there's documentary, there's sort of abstract but closeup photography it is, it's, yeah, it's just a great book and I was very lucky to see that.


And yeah, it's very beautiful and I recommend it to anybody you know. And it was a very influential book as well for Larry Clark. You know Larry Clark? Yes, I do. I have a photograph of his in my Bathroom of Naked people. Larry Clark's in Tulsa I think, and Gaylord Usca Heron is from Kansas too. So not, not that far away I don't think. But I think he was a big influence on all his people. What motivated you to start taking photographs? Well my friend Charlotte who was in my band when we were in kids, she's a curator of photography and she did art history and then went to work at the Victorian Albert and she's museum in London and she's like written some beautiful books on fine art, art photography for Thames and Hudson and other Aperture.


And she very kindly patiently indulged my limited ability but interest in, in photography and I think that's, you know, it's through her I met some very fantastic photographers so I've got a lot to thank her for. You've said that the photo, the photographs in vagabond influenced how you captured your experience of the Radiohead crowds. And I'm wondering If you can talk about in what way it did that. Well I think what's cool about when you take a picture of a a group of people, you can get a sense of how music works too in that you can look at people individually but you can also see how they're interacting with the people around them as well as how they're reacting to the music that they're listening to or the experience that they're having.


'cause when people listen to things or look at things with other people, both those things are going on at the same time. You know, they're sort of communal collective and there's the individual solipsistic as well, you know, that's how music will those things work, you know, and they're amplified by being shared with all those people. So I, I just really like that. And I like photography, I like typological photographs, you know things, photographs, collections of things as well. So you know, what is a crowd if it's not like a collection of people that's been assembled, you know, and as human beings always as, as animals, we're always looking to make connections or combine what we see and make sense of things that are put together in, in nature.


And that's what you do with crowds. Either by seeing what they have in common or what they look that's different, what's different about them. So that's kind of why I like all that stuff. Was the band your first subject or were you shooting other things before that? No, it was, I think it was the band really. So, and in fact the beginning of the book, I'm using a camera similar to the one that, what's that gay lord Oscar Herron was using, it's like a simple Japanese SLR camera. One of my regrets is, man, I should have just, I couldn't have used it on stage 'cause it's too heavy. But I wish I just kept that one really. But I still have, it's amazing. I read initially that you took a lot of photographs with remote cameras and GoPros.


Yeah, I did. I've got those photographs and the colors are kind of cool. I played 'em all around the stage before we played, but the point of view's kind of weird 'cause obviously I couldn't have them in people's faces. So I've got 'em like on the floor or like to mic stands and things. What kind of camera do you currently use? Well I've splashed out, I was in Australia and I went to Leica in Melbourne and they had the shop demonstration of and Leica Digital M 11. And I've been using that and it's actually kind, I really like it. It's my first, well it's my second digital camera I suppose. I've been using it. I've been photographing Nick Caves and the bad seats with it and I think I've got some nice pics.


You've said that an analog camera records light like a vinyl does sound. Yeah, I suppose an analog camera records liked like photons landing onto a chemical paper sensitive photo sensitive paper or film rather. And then vinyl obviously records, vibrations. It's kind of similar. But yeah, I think, you know, I love both. I mean I've just been listening to two records this morning here. You know, I keep going back to vinyl because I find something about the process of playing a record goes back to the active listening when we were at school. I suppose there's something sort of engaged about it that I really like.


And then, whereas I love digital as well, don't get me wrong, but there's just something about records that makes me happy other than the price, Well there's, in addition to the active listening, there's sort of a physicality to it because you're constantly having to move the needle back if you're sort of obsessive listening like I used to do. And then turning the album over and the sequence was so important as well. What two albums were you listening to this morning? I was listening to Schubert Aade Quartet, playing Schubert and then I was listening to some LUTs music played by Jacob Lindberg playing the Raul Loots playing.


I called Jacob Lindberg and I listened to records and music more than I look at the television. I didn't really look at the television. You've collected quite a lot of your photographs and have published a new book. It's called How to Disappear. Yes. And it just came out and it is a beautiful collection of your photographs of the band between 2003 and 2016 from the album's Hail to the Thief until the most recent studio album, a moon shaped pool. And the title of your book is taken from a partial title of a song from the album Kid A, the song had to disappear completely and the song also contains the lyrics.


I'm not Here, this is happening. Which I know is inspired by a conversation that Tom had with Michael Stipe. Now, does the title have anything to do with the sort of way in which you were photographed and the desire to not be intrusive? Yeah, absolutely. You're completely right. I think it's not, it's a joke. It's a cheap hard, it's a gag for the title I suppose. It's like, it's about the fact that I'm not really in the book. I'm, so, there's one picture of me in the book Why That my brother took and so I haven't completely disappeared.


But yeah, it's just How to Disappear. The joke is, of course I can't be in the picture because I'm taking the pictures. I kind of like had the title for the book and I had the cover for the book way ahead of anything else because in fact the cover of the book, which is all these flight cases that we had all done in purple when we started because we thought that no one would steal an ugly purple flight case we had on the Radiohead website. We had that for about A long time, About three years in our really sort of very graphical image to have on the, on, on the website. Now you weren't taking photographs from the outside in the way that a camera man might be filming a concert, you were actually in the middle of all the activity and the performances.


Yeah. Did you take photographs covertly or did your band mates or crew or audience see you at the beginning? Yeah, I never took anything covertly and, but I always felt really awkward about taking photographs. I still still do probably, but I think a lot of photographers do. I was talking to one of my heroes in New York, a guy called Paul Graham who's just an incredible photographer and he, he said the same thing to me. There's sort of awkwardness and reticence that he has about, you know, interrupting people. He, when he makes a photograph, somebody, if he's on the street in New York, he like will show them all, you know to see if it's okay and you know, and 'cause of course what you can do that with digital you can show them and then if they don't like it you just go, okay, I need to delete it there and then, you know, rather than film.


Yeah, I kind of wish I'd been more upfront with it, but I never see it as a sort of career plan, you know, so because my career was planned to be a music In my prep for this show, I came across an interview where you stated that one of your regrets is that you haven't been bolder with the lens, got closer or taken more photographs and you said you're shy with the camera. Do you still feel that way or has it changed at all over the years? No, I'm still shy. But then I also know that, you know, there are things that If you are interested in something, you think there's something there. There's this great title by one of my favorite photographers, Wolfgang Tillman's, you know, is called If one Thing Matters, everything Matters.


If you see something that you, you wanna photograph, then the question really becomes not should you take a picture of it, I guess you'd have to think about how you want to frame it or what is it about it that you see. And my other favorite quote my friend taught me was Nick Knight. You know who Nick Knight is? He's like an amazing, he's like a super famous photographer, you know the cover of Bjork's album Homogenic? Yes. So he did that and he, he has a great quote, which is like one of those things, it's very simple thing to say but very, very, could be very difficult or very liberating, is photograph what you see and or photograph what you want to see. And and all those two statements, like they two different things or how you combine those two things is what could make a successful image.


You photographed your band mates in the recording studio in dressing rooms and tour buses, yawning, meditating, there are even photographs in bathrooms. You shot Ed playing a guitar in a white tile box of a bathroom and Johnny playing a viola in the bathtub. There's even a shot of Johnny photographing Tom and they're all candid. Yeah, but there's a real intimacy to them. Yeah. That makes them more than just band photographs. They almost feel private. Was that intentional? Well I love that book. I mean, you know, I'm not making any great claims as a photographer, but like with the music, you know, you are obviously influenced or inspired by other, by great photographers.


One of my favorite photographers is a guy called Robert Frank. You made a book called The Americans who's a Swiss German photographer and he was like a sort of photographic survey road trip of America and he managed to make this book of photographs that were sort of intimate glimpses really of a nation. Do you know what I mean? If you ever see that Yeah. Captured sort of moments across the country. So I'd like to think that, you know, but then, you know, I, I'm not very technically very good. So all the ones that I really wanted to take take, you know, generally were two or underexposed or blurry or both. I'm imagining that you've probably taken thousands of photographs.


Yeah. And I, my understanding of of like professional photographers who I work with, who I've met rather is when you look at contact sheets, If you have say one image in a roll of film that you like, that's good. I'm very lucky, I suppose had some lucky, some lucky moments where I pointed the camera and it worked out. The photographs feel like they're markers in time and evidence to what happened and their sort of cast in time so to speak their memories. But they don't feel nostalgic. No, well I think that a photograph is a recording of something in, you know, using time like shutter speed of the camera.


But there's another dimension of time, which is the time you leave, the image that you take and the next time you look at it, which could be like five years later. And when you look at it, you know the passage of time has had an effect upon the image. So it's not actually the same photograph that you took five years previously. And then of course If you make an edit and combine it with other images as another layer of meaning that you add to it that it may not have had when you took it originally. So there's all those different processes that are going on, which is I think is very interesting. One of the things that I love about photography is how it gives you an accurate memory of something.


Hmm. When you think about your past and it's just an idea or a thought, you know, you, you have memories of memories whereas a photograph stays the same. You might have different ways of interpreting it, but the image is the image frozen. Yeah, well and I think anything that, if it works as a, as a, depending what kind of photography, I suppose if it works as an image, it sort of will resist becoming dated. Like someone like Alfred Steitz who's probably my favorite photographers or Bernie Sabot, you know, they can make a photograph that this is fresh freshly minted is the day it was taken.


Yeah. I listened to an interview with you on, I think it was on YouTube where you said that the idea for the book began when you were in a car with Nick Cave in Asheville, North Carolina. Yeah. So how did, how did he help solidify the idea? Well he's just such a brilliant, engaging, curious, super smart person who, I was in a car, we were doing these shows where I was supporting whilst he's playing the piano. So we just had these conversations and I was struggling to find a way into the book and how to start writing it. And he just said to me, well when did you start taking, when were the pictures starting from? And I said, well they start from this period 2003.


And he said, well what were you doing as a band then? And he said, well we were sort of in the middle of our career from where we are now I suppose. And he said, why don't you write about what that was like, what that's like. And I was like, oh yeah, so he's a bit, I told him I thanked, I think I gave him a credit in the book and he was surprised. And I had a great chat with Warren Ellis, you know Warren Ellis? Yes. I do The Dirty Three and The Bad Seeds obviously and co-writes with Nick and Warren is telling me about when he wrote his book on Nina Simone's gum and what that was like. That book Is amazing. I mean even the idea like let's make a, let's make a book about Nina Simone's chewing gum.


Yeah. So they're both really supportive and I have nothing but gratitude and respect for both of them and I'm very lucky that I've had the opportunity to work with


Now Verizon 5G 4G Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities S Odoo like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan equivalent to $15 per month required intro rate first three months only then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


A very dear friend of mine is very good friends with Nick Cave and I asked her to ask Nick for a question to ask you today. So, so my next question is from Nick Cave. Oh, Colin Greenwood is one of the most unassuming and humble people I've ever met. I have long suspected that his ever present camera is a way of diverting attention away from himself and back towards the person he is photographing. Is this true? Is his camera away of holding people at bay? I dunno if that is true because I think that feels like a egotistical act in itself.


Really. You know what it's about, it's about light. It's like the where lights works and falls and somewhere on someone or something, you know, I mean I don't think I use the camera to keep people away because I think you'd have to be sort of quite egotistical to think of it like that really. And it's like I'm more apologetic when I pick up a camera less, less sort of self-protective. So I don't think so. But he, he's probably right. I don't have any confidence in doing that. But as I said, I've met some, my heroes, they, they seem to share that lack of confidence. So no I, I wouldn't want to do that 'cause I just, I love people and being with people so I wouldn't keep people at bay with a camera, I don't think so.


Does that give you an answer? Absolutely. You've been touring with Nick Cave in The Bad Seeds and you mentioned that you're also taking photographs of the band as well. When you're taking photographs, do you take a lot of photographs and then decide once you've seen them which are good or do you have a sense as you're taking them that this is the moment? Well both, well I wasn't taking pictures on stage 'cause that's not my band, unlike Radiohead. There was one point we were playing, I was playing with Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds and Nick's like playing the piano next to me on stage and he turned around and he, he said he taking photographs 'cause he had, I think he must have heard a clicking sound or something and I was like, no.


And the other thing is I can't take photographs with them really 'cause I'm playing all the time. I have more photographs of the bad Seeds of Warren, well of everyone really except Nick because I just don't want to intrude too much. I've got more candid pictures of Nick rather than like sort of stage pictures of Nick, If you like, more backstage and working pictures. I don't really have any working pictures, but they're all such lovely welcoming, kind creatively open people who, when they're dealing with stuff like musical stuff on stage, they're all Talks Odoo each other. It is been just a real education and a privilege In addition to photography.


The book is also a beautiful object. How did you decide on the design and the layout? Oh well that's a fantastic question because it's something I care about, I'm so proud of as well. The book was all printed in paper and the printing was all done in Verona. And it was designed by this amazing guy called Duncan White. He's from London but he lives in France and he's a really incredible book designer. He's made some beautiful photography books over the past few years and he's also worked with a really famous photography book maker called Gerhart Stidel, who's made some of the most beautiful books in the world.


So he worked with him in Hanover and he, I found Duncan through an old friend of mine called Michael Mack, who has a beautiful publishing photographic book imprint called Mac Books who publishes people like Paul Graham and basically tons of amazing people. And one of my favorite photographers is this woman called Shaw makes these beautiful portraits. And I briefly was in touch with her in the nineties. And yeah, I just, I'm a big fan of hers and that's what's great about Instagram. You can find all this work still. So the book was put was was very much, we basically did what Duncan said in terms of the design and layout and I'm just thrilled with it.


And it was published by a fabulous house called John Murray who also published Slow Horses. Do you know Mick Herron of Slow Horses? Yes, I do. Yeah. Yes. And and my old friend Nick Pearson published it at John Murray who, he's one of my oldest friends and he published people like know Jonathan Franon, Larry Mantel, people like that. He's just incredible publisher and editor. So I'm just so flattered and grateful that he would consider working with me and yeah, it's, the whole experience has been an oid joy from start to finish. How were you able to choose the photographs and this sort of narrative arc of the book?


Well the edit was like, well we had, we had about 350 photographs and then we boiled it down to about a hundred odd I suppose. But it was like Duncan the editor, we had them in a pile of like rough prints and, but yes, yes, no, no, yes, yes. And then from that rough edit, rough selection, Duncan basically helped with making an edit where the flow of images kind of goes from the studio and the song write the music writing, working on the songs to, you know, the recording to the promotion to the stage. So there's like a nice sort of outwards sort of funneling outwards of the images, which I think is really beautiful. And then it's interleaved with three sections of text of around 10,000 words where I sort of act as sort of sort of commentary I suppose to, to how we started as a band.


And describes like some of the situations that some of the photographs show you. I think it's more than commentary though. It's almost diary like it's very in the moment. What was the process like as you went through? Well I had like a sort of setup where I would like try and write around 300, 500 words a day. And then I'd send the writing off to Nicholas who's famous for his Christmas cake baking. And he bakes two a year and he basically, the analogy he was like folding what I'd written into the rest of the ingredients. So instead of he was making a sort of Christmas cake with my photography book. I love that analogy.


I'm wondering If you would consider reading a short excerpt of, of your essay from How to Disappear A Portrait of Radiohead. I've chosen the excerpt 'cause I think it's one of my favorite in the book. I'd love to, and it starts like this. There's a photograph of Tom with his hands held together in front of him. It's the end of the night somewhere in America. I can't be sure where because the image is so murky and the vast blacked out caverns are so similar. Let's say it's New Orleans Smoothie King Arena, 3rd of April, 2017, around 11:00 PM we finished our second encore and Tom is here thanking the 20,000 people out front.


The white strip to Tom's left is his black and white roads piano wheeled on and off on a riser like a musical prop. I've stayed on stage while the others have drifted off and I'm standing stage left closer s microphone to take in the image of Tom and the crowd. The preceding two and a half hours were full of light and color acid, blues, greens and yellows near ultraviolet purple that lends everything on stage. An extra 3D glow. There are remote controlled spotlights cameras, multiple mirror balls, film projections from front of house onto a stage wide silvery surfboard screen that is studded with thousands of light emitting diodes.


30 years ago you could burn your leg on a floor lamp and now the white hot heat of technology runs cool is pixelated and fiercely bright. One day this back screen will have more resolution and fidelity than the performers in front. But at the end of the show, the stage lights go down, the house lights stay low, and we are finally left alone without our force field in front of all those people. They have their phones raised up like cigarette lighter for the last power ballad. Their LEDs are lit this time to help illuminate the sudden darkness. As the audience records the scene, many are live streaming from their phones, thousands of one person outside broadcast units for the web kids across the world.


And all its time zones, these haloed points of light throw up a weird phosphorescence lights like creatures from the deep hailing each other from inside the black belly of The smoothie king rippling up from the arena floor all the way to the nosebleed rake of the gods. In another 60 seconds, the house safety lights will flood this scene and wash it away until it ebbs back two nights later at the Dunking Donut Center. Colin Greenwood, thank you, thank you, thank you for making so much art that matters, and thank you for joining me today on Design Matters.


Thank you, Debbie. It's been fun to Talks Odoo you. Thank you so much. Colin Greenwood's new book is titled How to Disappear, A Photographic Portrait of Radiohead. And to read more about Collin's work, you can go to radio head.com or wasted headquarters.com. And I'd like to thank you for listening and remember, we can talk about making a difference. We can make a difference, or we can do both. I'm Debbie Melman and I look forward to talking with you again soon. Design Matters is produced for the TED Audio Collective by Curtis Fox Productions. The interviews are usually recorded at the Masters in branding program at the School of Visual Arts in New York City, the first and longest running branding program in the world.


The editor in Chief of Design Matters Media is Emily Wand.


This is Paige DeSorbo from Giggly Squad. This episode is sponsored by Boost Mobile, the newest 5G network in the country with compelling deals for new lines. Boost Mobile makes it easy to switch today. Boost Mobile is no longer that prepaid wireless company you remember. They've invested billions into building their own 5G towers across America with Boost Mobile's Networks. Customers enjoy the speed and service they'd expect from the big three plus groundbreaking benefits you'd only get from a true challenger of the industry. Boost Mobile will let you try the network risk free for 30 days. So visit your nearest Boost mobile store or find us online@boostmobile.com today.


Hi, I'm Maya from Girls At Invest Tax season is all about preparation. And if you're like most people managing your financial logins and documents, securely can feel overwhelming. One password can help bring order to the tax prep chaos all in one place. Right now you get 25% off your first year of one password individual or 50% off your first year of one Password families at one password.com/girls that invest. That's 25 or 50% off your first year at one P-A-S-S-W-O r.com/girls that invest or lowercase one password.com/girls that invest.


Hey, this is Paige from Giggly Squad and this episode is brought to you by Nordstrom. Nordstrom is here to help you dress in a way that feels totally you. With the best spring styles from boho dresses and matching sets to must have bags and sneakers. Discover thousands of items from lots of your favorite brands like Mango Reformation, Veronica Beard, and Farm Rio. It's easy too with free shipping and returns in store. Order pickup and more. Shop today in stores and@nordstrom.com.