
Hey, TED Talks Daily listeners. I'm Elise Hugh. Today we have another Sunday Pick episode where we share another podcast from the TED Audio Collective handpicked by us for you, Tech journalist, opinion leader, and podcast host, Kara Swisher has hosted hundreds and hundreds of news making interviews, tracking tech, and media's changing power, often going head to head with the most prominent figures in the tech industry. In this episode of Design Matters, hosted by Debbie Millman and with a special appearance from writer Roxanne Gay, Kara sits down in front of a live audience to talk about her wide ranging career, covering the fast evolving world of technology and politics. You can find episodes of Design Matters wherever you get your podcasts.


Learn more about the TED Audio Collective at audio collective dot TED dot com. I Actually still have sperm left. I got pregnant on the first pregnancy and my ex-wife got pregnant, so I have a lot of sperm left. Wow, it's excellent. Sperm From the TED Audio Collective, this is Design Matters with Debbie Millman. For 18 years, Debbie Millman has been talking with designers and other creative people about what they do, how they got to be who they are, and what they're thinking about and working on.


On this episode, Kara Swisher talks about her career in journalism, covering tech moguls and about her sperm. I bought it for cheap and now I can sell it. It was very inexpensive way back when 'cause no lesbians were having children.


Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder, navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per yearend benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED Audio. That's VANT a.com/ TED Audio for $1,000 off.


Ever feel like you're carrying something heavy and don't know where to put it down, or wonder what on earth you're supposed to do when you just can't seem to cope? I'm Hessu Jo, a licensed therapist with years of experience providing individual and family therapy, and I've teamed up with better help to create mind. If we talk a podcast to demystify what therapy's really about. In each episode, you'll hear guests talk about struggles we all face, like living with grief or managing anger. Then we break it all down with a fellow mental health professional to give you actionable tips you can apply to your own life. Follow and listen to mind if we talk on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, Amazon Music, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't forget your happiness matters.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking, SimpliSafe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simplisafe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This interview of Kara Swisher is part of the Design Matters live tour presented in Washington DC on September 20th, 2023 by on Air. Debbie was joined on stage to conduct the interview by Roxanne Gay who introduced Kara Swisher. Kara Swisher is truly a woman with her finger on the pulse of all things tech. She has written for countless publications, including The Wall Street Journal in the New York Times, but now she hosts the podcast on with Kara Swisher. And she co-hosts Pivot with Scott Galloway with Inimitable Style. She covers breaking news opines on technology companies and the mercurial people who lead them and is always, always ahead of the curve.


Tonight she joins Debbie Millman and I on this live episode of Design Matters. Kara, welcome to Design Matters Live. Hello, Kara. Hey, they totally all saw us come in on the side, so I know The secret's out. We were like, well, that's an anti climate. Kara, I think that you might enjoy this first question. Sure. I might, you might given the conversation we were having backstage about cars. Yes. Is it true you have a special affinity for the Ford Fiesta?


Yes, I do. I do. I love the, I had a Ford Fiesta Turbo. Let me just say people made fun of me and then I took a minute, which was a very different experience. It was also a manual, I drive manual when I drove gas cars and I love manuals. My 12th grade boyfriend taught me, that was a long time ago, taught me how to drive a manual and I love it and I love driving it in San Francisco down hills. And I'd pretend I was going backwards with my kids and they'd be like, mom, Stop. But then I did it anyway. And then I, I I've, since I have a, now a Chevy Bolt in my ongoing series of sexy cars, I have a Chevy Bolt and a Kia Sorento. So I am one hot lady.


Good logo on the Kia. Yeah. Nice New logo. I love my Kia. It's a hybrid. It's nice. It's good. Kara Has three seats, three sets of suits. Oh, I always enjoy a third row for, you know, what activities. Yeah, I, I have just Saying I have four kids, so I need it. So yeah. Yeah. When your dad was 34 years old, he died from complications of a brain aneurysm. Yes. He was fresh outta the Navy. He had three kids. He and your mom had purchased their first house. He had landed a job as the head of anesthesia at Brooklyn Jewish Hospital. You were five years old. Indeed. And have said that his sudden death has informed everything you've done since.


Yes. And I'm wondering in what way? Well, in every way, I think when your parent dies at a young age, there's a great book, I think it's by Irving Yala or something called the, the Loss that is forever. It's one of, I love this book. I just, ex friend of mine's lost her daughter who has a young child. And I sent this to them or advise them to get it. And it, it w when your parent dies at a young age, it's as if half your friends have died. Right. Because tho they, those that is your touch point at that age. And at that time when it happens, it's devastating, but you get through it. You do. You just do. And so a lot of things don't matter as much as, because you realize, one, you get a sense of mortality at a very early age.


And two is you can survive a lot of stuff, you know? And a lot of people have gone through worse things. But it certainly was tough. And it was acd by the fact that my mom married someone who wasn't very nice. My father was incredibly kind. So I felt like, I mean, I was essentially living Cinderella or something like it was like that. And so it makes you think every time I think about death a lot, not in the way I'm gonna die tomorrow, it's that I'm, I'm always like, should I do this? Oh, I'll be dead in 50 years. Yes. And so it tends to give me a positive spin on every, I don't have as much, I just don't have that kind of time. And neither does anybody else. But I have a very good sense of that.


The other thing is, when I had my first child, who's now 21, when, you know, I have a, right now also a, a a 4-year-old, someone about to turn four daughter and a son who's about to turn two. And when my oldest, who's now 21 turned five, I realized the devastation. 'cause we were, we were incredibly, I'm incredibly close to my little, my 2-year-old, like knows me well, walks home, hi mama, and hugs me. And just, it, it just informed everything. So I, I think it made me bolder and fun, highly functional. I would say highly functional. And my brothers are highly functional, so it's not great. But it's, that's not a great way to learn that. But You know, you've noted that when you survive something that awful very little is going to bother you over the course of the rest of your life.


And it seems like that has held true this many years later. And so why do you think that holds true for so long? And do you ever foresee that changing where things might start to rock your world again? Well, only around my kids. I think that's the only time I get like, panicked about something happening to them and traveling. I'm very, that's the only thing I think, I think I had kids because I didn't wanna become one of those people that nothing bothers. Right. You know? And I, I think probably a lot of my earlier relationships, I was like, yeah, we break up. Oh, well. So what? Like, you know what I mean? You get like that Yeah. Perspective. Yeah, it'll be fine. Everything will be fine. I'll be fine. And I think having kids does give you a sense of vulnerability that you can't avoid.


Not everybody has kids. Like, I, I get it. There's different ways to do that. But for me that's really, that, that's the one thing that gives me a sense of terror sometimes, you know, or, or, or, or scaredness. I'm not scared for myself. I'm scared for them, especially 'cause I knew, you know, it does give me insight into what happened to me too at the same time. So I guess that would be, it doesn't leave me though. Every time you know me, I leave things like when I don't, like, if I don't like getting enough money or if someone just bothers me, we were talking about someone we know jointly. And when I left this particular thing, they said, why are you leaving? And I said, I don't wanna Talks Odoo you anymore. And they sort of were like, what?


And I go, I, I just don't want to see you anymore also, and or encounter you, or I just, I gotta go. And so it was, and it was 'cause of that feeling of like, life's too short. It's not a, it's more than life's too short. It's like, I have this many minutes on the planet, I don't know what it is, but you're taking up far too many of them and you need to move along out of my sight. I have to say, yes, please Clap. When I hear something like that, it feels a bit mythic because I am not even though on, in, on the page, yes, I'm absolutely that bitch. Yeah. But in my day-today, life, I, I don't have that, that thing that allows me to just say, I don't wanna ever speak to you again.


Yeah. It's how do you, its develop that it's, it's easy or did it Just, it's just, just just start doing it and it's like, because okay, I I do a lot of, yeah, no, no, I don't think so. I was gonna do a series of books and it still might, we, we just thought of a podcast to do together. We talk about, Yeah, it's gonna be Amazing. It's gonna be epic. It's so unlike what you think it would be. It's not Badass Ladies. It's something much worse. But I, I, I was gonna do, I, I am gonna do a book and, and it's called No Is a Complete Sentence. And the second book in the series are called Yes, I'll take that. Because I don't think women set, it's, it's a book for women and other people who need it, essentially. And the third is maybe I'll call you back.


Yes. Oh, I don't know. I never regret saying things. I don't, people are like, did you regret that? I'm like, no, no, I like that. That was fun. Wow. Well, Something's gonna shoot me someday. One time, one time I was in, 'cause I'm kind of mean to some of the tech bros. And they have a lot of money. I was in New York and I was crossing the street and a car made a 180 in front, a big black car, like one of those big Ubers, this whatever, and stopped in front of me. And I literally thought the time has come for Peter Teal to kill me, or Elon Musk slash Mark this, that they have sent in the Israeli secret people that are gonna now take me, I'll be caught up into little pieces and spread around the ocean and stuff.


And I thought that, I thought, oh God, one too many in insults of these, these children, adult toddlers. And I just did it again. And it was a fan, it was a fireman from Queens. And he is like, did I, he wanted a selfie. And he, and he goes, did I scare you? And I'm like, yes, now you have to abduct me and cut me into tiny bit. So Now this is taking a step back, but I know that your mother is very stylish. Yes. And so was your Italian grandmother. She was. And at one point your mom worked at the great old department store, Bonwit Teller. She did. I was there a lot. Amazing. And later had her own store and would coordinate fashion shows.


You've said that you are her greatest disappointment in that regard. And I can relate because my mother is also very fashionable. And every time she looks at my wardrobe, she's just like, no. So has your mother truly never appreciated your style? No. Never. She hates that sometimes she's like, that was okay. But no, she's a fashion person and, and really quite fashionable. And I have no interest. And interestingly, we were talking about on the podcast today 'cause of the John Fetterman controversy. Mm. Like, who the hell cares if he wears shorts? Honestly, my favorite tweet about this, or it might have been tweet, was Joe Manchin, thanks for wearing a suit while you voted against the Child. I saw that. And I agree.


Like I agree. Like nice outfit. Those Of these old men who frankly don't know how to tailor a suit are talking about a dress code. Yeah. Leave him alone. Leave Him alone. No, I agree. I I think it's a bad thing. I think John Fetterman's handled it really well. I mean, I get their point vaguely, but in general, no. My mom really hates my clothes. And, and since the pandemic it's gotten worse. 'cause I, I'm wearing hard pants right now, but I'm usually in soft pants. I hate hard pants, but I'm wearing them for you. And, but soft pants are my, my thing. Oh, Thank you. I think both Debbie and are honored that you brought out the hard pants. I Don't like Absolutely. I hate hard pants. They're terrible. You know, It's really funny because I was thinking I was gonna put on like heels and the whole thing.


Yeah. And I was, I think Kara prefers the more casual Yeah, you look Good though. But it's fashionable. It's my mom. Would you know the shoes and She'd like those, I think those are expensive, I believe. Correct. Not really. Okay. They look like those. But I, but I, I, I actually wore these for you. Oh, thank you. So we, we've, we women dress for each other. Okay. That's what we did. Right? Well, I did. Or Don. And I just wanna tell you, I didn't notice. So I didn't, I did, I Did. I, I wear the same things. I literally wear the, like I have had, I went back and saw some friends of mine that I've known for 50 years. Really? And they're like, you're still dressing the same. I'm like, it's the same shoe. Like it, it's like I have clothes that I've had for 40, 50 years and I love them.


We found out that I get them Have The Clothes you wore in eighth grade? Yeah. I have a lot of them that I wore in eighth grade. Do You still wear Them? Well now yes I do. Of course I do. And then of course, now I wear my oldest son's t-shirts from when they were in eighth grade. So I just had one. It was too long. 'cause he's tall, he was taller than me at that time. So I just had 'em hemmed a little. But there's a big stain I couldn't have unknown origin. So I had it just cut and now I'm gonna wear it. Yeah. It's real old. My mom will hate it. My mom will hate it is yellow that she likes the color. She, one time she, we just, it's an ongoing war, a fashion war with her. But one time she bought me some, she buys me clothes all the time. To this day I am like, there is, there's gotta be an end to this.


What kind of things does she buy you? Oh, like Expensive clothes. Like, you know, whatever happens to just very expensive fashion forward clothes. And I'm literally like, have you met me? Never. But one time she bought me something that was yellow. And I don't like the color yellow. I don't like wearing it. I mean, it's fine is it is a color, but I don't, I don't wanna wear it. And she goes, she goes, I bought you this. And I go, mom, I hate the color yellow. And she goes, no you don't. Like that's our relationship in, that's our entire relationship right there. Tell, tell Karen The audience, she's gonna listen to this. And she's like, stop Talking about me. I said, at least I didn't talk about your ridiculous obsession with Fox News, but, Oh well.


Well, let's, I think, I think you should share it with Karen, the audience, the conversation you had with your mom last night about your Oh, for Christ's sake. Well, Susan brought up the book, so you as well. Yeah, Let's do, so my mom is, I love her. We talk every day. She's very special. She's Haitian and she's 74 and she just does not give a fuck about anything. She will say whatever she wants to say. And this is not like an elderly thing. This is just who she is. She's always been this person. And I was like, yeah, I'm, I was telling her about some good news about one of a movie I wrote that's actually gonna get made. And she was like, oh good, then maybe now people will learn your name again.


Because it has been five years since I published a book. And I was just like, thank you for having the appropriate reaction. I was just like, I, I was so stunned. And I was like, not read, joking the times. Like I publish all the time. Oh no. And you're still doing it with your mother. You're like, I really am Famous. I know. And then I'm like defending myself. And the thing is, she comes up with us to my events all the time. And so it's so funny. And then my dad will be like, you know, Anne, I saw a bad feminist in the store and I would like to see something else next to it. And I'm like, well, we have the same last name, so perhaps you should write something.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I, I appreciate it. I mean, you know, we've had our struggles. But she escaped from a, an assisted living facility. I put her in a very nice one. The nicest one in America. She, but she left and she just left. She got, she somehow got my neighbor in San Francisco to help her. And then she was on the Queen Mary with her going to England. And I was like, where are you? She goes, the Queen Mary. I'm like, what? What happened? So, so I'm just saying she just, wow. But she's always been, you know, it was nice to have her actually when I was doing big events. 'cause she would also insult ver billionaires, like without the drop of a hat. That's a handy skill. Yeah. One time we used to give out swag to people that came to the conference and Bill Gates was in line and it was I think a guitar hero at the time or whatever, a free guitar hero.


And my mom helped give stuff out. I used to make her work for, for showing up. 'cause she got to stay in the nice hotel rooms. And she looked at him and she goes, can't you afford this on your own? And then one time, the guy Intel with Andy Grove, he goes, I am Andy Grove, I created Intel. She goes, never heard of you. And then she went on to like eat a, like, you know, taking A blanket, you know that podcast idea you had. Right. I actually think it would be better for your mothers to do it Together. Yes, that's True. Yeah. Oh, I'm sure they would have quite the time. Yes, Exactly. We'll bring 'em. Well, Speaking of mothers, Kara, I understand that you knew you were gay when you were four years old.


Four years old Bravo by the way. Yeah. Thank you. But didn't come out to your mom, But you were a little later, right? 50 50. Wow. Come on. Very different up. Upgrade. Come on. Very different. I don't believe you. It's like, oh, I swear. Wasn't there like a field hockey coach? You're like, Hmm. Oh, well, I mean I think she'll admit she came out at 50, but I dabbled pre 50. I call it dabbling. I dabbled. But yeah. And I mean, you and I are the same age, so I, I, yeah. I think, you know how it was sometimes scary to Mm, No, no. For me it was scary. Yeah. And I, I grew up in a somewhat homophobic environment.


Yeah, me too. Yes, I know. Yeah. When you told your mother, she told you, well you said that you told her in a spectacular way over the phone. Yes, I did. I wanna know what that spectacular way was. Okay. But at that point she told you she would never speak to you again. Yeah. And then wouldn't stop speaking to you for the rest of your life. Yes, Exactly. I knew it was an empty threat. She's full of empty threats, so that's why I'm like, yeah, whatever. Sure. So what spectacular way did you tell her? You Know, I always said she was, she, every now and then, and I think I, I, I'm gonna forgive her, but one of the, because you know, people grew up, you know, you have to at some point say, okay, this is how they grew up. Although my grandmother was fantastic. She's like, yeah, I knew like she was, and then she was like, yeah, whatever.


And then I was going out with someone and she's like, Hmm, she's too pretty for you. My grandmother said that. And I was like, you know, she is. Yeah, that's fair. That's fair. But What about the boy in 12th grade? He was a nice guy. He's a good guy actually. And my, I, you know, I, you know, I had a lot of boyfriends actually. But you know, she was, what happened was she'd say little things like, If you were gay, I won't speak to you. That was the kind like, ah, you know, that kind. I was like, okay, got it. And I always promised if she said it to me direct, asked me directly, I would answer directly. And I was going to dinner with someone, I think it was 22 years old or something with the person I was seeing at the time. And we were just going out to dinner for my birthday.


And she's like, what are you doing for your birthday? I said, oh, I'm going out with this woman. And, and she goes alone. And I go, yeah, that's right. I said, this is this phone call. You can hear that. Like, and she goes, it's almost like you're going out. That's what she said. Like, you're going out with her. And I go, mom, you have won the Chrysler Cordoba. You finally had the guts to ask the question you've always wanted to ask and you've been spinning around. You win. Fantastic. And then she said the most horrible things to me, it was terrible. And said she wouldn't speak to me and this and that. And I had had to go up to New York for a family thing that weekend, which was really uncomfortable. And what happened is it's an Italian family, so there's a lot of stra strategy going on with this group of people.


And so I immediately called my brothers, my grandmother, I got everyone in line on my side and she was too late. I was too fast with the phone. And then, and so I went up and I had to see her and she tried everything like, you don't like men? I'm like, I love my brothers. I've had boyfriends. I like men. You know, why, why would I, you know, there's an old joke, you know, lesbians don't hate men, they don't have to sleep with them. And so, And I said that joke, she didn't like that it didn't go over well. And then I, I did tried a bunch of things like, Hey man, I've got these pro, I don't know, we just wanna, the people will never speak to you. You, I was like, everyone's talking to me. They're kind of irritated by you.


Like I was al I like, I was, you know, when you're in that kind of relationship, you know where you have to have your ammo essentially. And over time she got better 'cause she was actually getting a divorce from my stepfather and she needed me. And so very soon after she, she needed my help. And so I think that was better. But it's been a struggle until I had kids and even after I had kids, we were, you know, she was, she was difficult, I would say. And she would buy bat worse presents for my girlfriends, which drove me crazy. And I would make her take them back and get a better present. And you know, whenever she did something nice, she goes, see I've been nice. I'm like, we don't negotiate with terrorists.


You have to behave, you know, the whole thing. Like, I would do that. It was really tough on her. And even, you know, when I had, I had one of my kids and you know, obviously adopted the other, my, my ex had the other one. She, before the kid was born, she was like, I'm not a grandmother. That kind of thing. Like stuff like that. But she loves all the kids. Like she, it just didn't stick right. Once you start to get the familiarity. And then the only time we really had a very bad situation two times was when the New York Post wrote about my pregnancy. And I hadn't told her. And I had to tell her because she's a very big reader of the New York Post. And it was on page six in the JLo's marrying someone else position.


And it said it had things about sperm donors and this and that. And then the Post called me and said, you know, we've heard the father is Jeff Bezos. Which I was like, I was like, I can't accept anything more than $25 from anyone I cover. So no, that's not the case. You know, something like that. And so I had to tell her, and she wasn't particularly nice, she thought, she goes, you know, she blamed me for the item. 'cause she'd all her friends would find out essentially. And then one other time we were Rick Santorum, remember him, he's now just on CNN or maybe not anymore. Collective tar. I remember the alternative definition of Santorum very fondly. So, which, Okay, alright, I don't know that, but you can tell me.


It's really unpleasant and it involves semen. Okay. Yeah. Well, yeah, there you go. So she had lived in Pennsylvania. She had a Pennsylvania voting, she voted in Pennsylvania and was born there. And he was doing very anti-gay stuff, very like, including around adoption. I had two, one kid I adopted and Megan adopted the, my, the kid I had. And it was, at the time it was so much worse. Yeah. We had so many legal papers, it was ridiculous. And still not guaranteed, you know, parent parental rights. And so I said, you really can't vote for him. You cannot, she was a Republican voter. And I said, he's against my, our family. You, you don't have to vote. You can vote, write in my grandmother's name, I don't care.


But you cannot vote for him. This is a, this is a very diff, very hard thing 'cause he's trying to pass this legislation. So we were at Thanksgiving dinner in San Francisco actually. And we were talking about the election that just happened. And for some reason we were talking about voting. And she goes, well, I voted for Rick Santorum. And I said, excuse me. And I said, you, I said, you could not do that. You, you had to stick with our family and not this ridiculous, you know, tribalism that you have. And she's like, well, I can vote for whoever I want. That's what she said. Which was incredible. And I said, and I can give pumpkin pie to whoever I want, get outta my house. And so I did, I made her leave. And I wouldn't let her see the kids for several months until she apologized to them.


But that was, since then, she's been great. She's been a great grandparent. And you know, she's got her quirks like everybody else. But she's been really wonderful to, I've had two more kids since then. She's been a wonderful grandparent too. And speaking of grandparents, your grandmother was one of your favorite people? My favorite person. And you said that she was encouraging of your confidence. You've said it delighted her. When you were yourself, how did that help you to stay confident, especially as a woman, as a gay woman growing up in a world where women are often told as you well know. Yeah. To make ourselves smaller, You know, she was a housewife. She didn't really do, you know, she stayed in the same town, old Forge, Pennsylvania, her whole life.


She didn't go very far. You know, she didn't like going very far. She was always watching the Weather Channel. She's like, in Vegas, it's bad. I'm like, you're never going there. What do you care? You know, Like, just giving you the update, Kara, I was like, thank you grandma. You know, and she watched football and she's Italian and I just, she was always loving, she always constantly loving, not educated, I would say, you know, we, we were very educated and I think she didn't get, she may have graduated high school. I don't think she got past ninth grade, you know, just a simple person and a person of their time too. She kept calling my sister-in-law, the Irish like, where's, where's David with the Irish?


I was like, all of 'em, all of them. Like stuff like that. But she left, ah, what do you calling me that for? She'd sneak cigarettes. But she was very, she was always there for me in a way that was absolutely loving. And I think, I just always felt that she had my back in a lot of ways throughout and having your dad die and stuff like that, to have a love, a very loving, no holds barred, unconditional loving person is critically important I think. And she's just, she was funny. She was a funny, she was funny when she got, she was so sweet her whole life. And then when she got older, she got kind of mean, like something happened and she didn't care. Not mean, but like In a good way. And so she would only eat chicken wings, black coffee and donuts toward the end of her life.


And I, I always go, grandma, you gotta eat something healthy. She goes, am I gonna live 10 more years? I'm like, no. And she goes, I'm gonna eat my donuts. And I'm like, okay, fair. And when she died, we put, you know, they have an open casket. Italians love to do an open casket, which I don't love, but we put a chicken wing under her knee wrapped my, her cousin did it so she couldn't reach it. So it's there now. If you wanna go get something to eat, she's above ground. So it probably is just a little Desiccated. Oh Wow. Yeah. I know, I know, right. It was fantastic. I was like, so good. We have good funerals. We put the fun in funerals. Our family.


Kara, I have one more question for you about your Yeah. Is a lot. What is this therapy In, in addition, in addition to running the playground? I understand you were the sort of, wow, you've done a lot of research here Okay. Yeah. Of The playground. Yes. I was once in elementary school you were assigned some reading in class and then you stood up and declared, I've already read this and I'm bored, so I'm leaving. Correct. Which you did. Yes, I did. You've Always been this version of Kara Swisher. Yes, exactly. This is who you are. But I had already read it. I was bored and I left. I think that's fair. Where'd you go? I just went and found another book and stuff.


I just, I don't know. I, the, the Mrs. Jonathan was like, she didn't, at this point, she's like, it's Kara, she's right. She read it, she's bored. Get her another book. And so I read early, you know, I was, I was considered very, very smart at a young age, one of those kids. And then everyone caught up to me. I didn't stay that way unfortunately. But I was good at math, I was good at reading and stuff like that. And so I just was like that. I just, my nickname among my family members, my Italian family members was Tim Pesta, which I thought was good. But insulting too. Like that's what they would, you know, call a girl who knew what they wanted. Mm. And so, yeah. Have you felt like you've always get what it means?


Tempesta means what you wanted? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. I know I should be like, I Regret this. Well, well I know that you did want to work in the ccia A and in fact I did. You declared that you would've been as good as Claire Danes and Homeland. Yes. But with 100% less mental illness. Yes. Now As charming as that was. Yeah. Was was being gay the only thing that stopped you from applying? Yes. Yeah. It was ing applying. Now. It was so interesting because I ran, I went to a weddings weekend and people have gone to school with since sixth grade. And one of the teachers was there and they said, oh, you used to tell me you were gonna be really famous someday. Like you didn't know what, you know, what it was.


But I wanted, I really did wanna serve. My dad was in the Navy. I did wanna go into the military. I have a, a patriotic streak. My, a lot of my family on that side is in the military. And I thought it was important. I just, I don't know why. I just did and maybe 'cause of my dad or something. And I couldn't go into that because of don't ask, don't tell at the time. Thank you Bill Clinton. Appreciate that. So that was part a problem for me. So I couldn't do rotc, I couldn't do early, you know, I couldn't go to West Point, whatever. I was gonna probably go in the Navy, but, and then I thought the CIA and it just was at the time, you don't, I, maybe you remember it, remember Clayton Lone Tree? There was all these issues around the ccia A and blackmail and this and that.


And it was, you know, I had a friend who was in the Soviet Union who was gay and then got questioned and then thrown out of the country. 'cause it, 'cause it was like blackmailable or whatever. And so I didn't wanna have those conversations. And so it wasn't, it didn't feel open to me without being closeted. And I have a real problem with the closet. I just think it's such a nasty, toxic place for, you know, I hated it. I, you know, I think we all were in that. Right. Well, that's what kept me from Yeah. And so it was just, I can't believe we did. I'm like, today, you know, it's sort of like when I was with one of my sons when he was young and we ran into a payphone one time, you know, it was an end, it was a dead payphone essentially.


And my son was like, what's that? And I said, it's a payphone. And he's like, what's it for? I go calling people. And like, he's like, well how I go? You put money in it and then you talk on it. And he went, that's filthy. And I was like, it's, So, It reminds me of that like, I can't believe we did all the skullduggery and all the like hiding. And the second, the two at one of my apartments, I think I had a, a fake room for my girlfriend. Like, right, like at the fake room, like what is like the hours of your life you wasted doing that. It was so stupid. So people wouldn't know it was dumb. Yeah. And you know, it's interesting to see how some people are able to just do that and then others stay in that place until they're ready or until they're shoved out.


Yeah. And it's, hello. Interesting. Yes. I respect, I respect that. I get people should come up. Oh, of course. It was AIDS crisis for me when I was in college and you know, I was here in Washington and I, I did, I after I was here after too, and I remember doing the, the quilt on the mall. I was one of the folders, you know, and I wasn't a particular activist, but it just, at that point I was like, fuck these people. Like they're killing us. They're killing our community. And it just made me furious. And when I saw like Angels in America, a lot of art, a lot of the plays that are gonna time, I was like, what the hell?


Like this is a, this is a, these people are dying for no good reason. And this is the United States of America. Like what is wrong? What is going on? And so I think that really, that got me. I was like, that's enough. That's enough for that.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Picture this somewhere in the world. An Apple Card user is getting 3% daily cash back on the purchase of an iPhone 16 at Apple. That's not all. They also earned 2% back on the new shoes they bought using Apple Pay. Visit Apple co slash card calculator to see how much daily cashback you can earn. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Raise your hand If you want your nails to look perfect all the time. Me too. I'm Sarah Gibson Tuttle from Olive June. And this is exactly why we created the Manny system. We wanted to make it possible for everyone everywhere to give themselves a beautiful manicure at home with our tools and our long lasting polish. Each manicure with our Manny system comes out to just $2. That's right. $2 no more. 30, 40, $50 mannies that you get at a salon. And they take hours. Now you can paint your nails on your time and love them more than ever. And by the way, when people ask who did your nails, where did you get them done? You're gonna proudly say, I did them myself. Get 20% off your first Manny system with code. Perfect. Manny 20 at all in june.com/perfect. Manny 20. That's code perfect. Manny, 20 for 20% off at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20.


So you are out. You have seen the AIDS crisis during college and I think for many of us, that was formative. I it was very much. I went to school on the East Coast and we would go to New York on the weekends and Act Up was very active at the time. And it was amazing to see that there was this way of fighting back. Yeah. And that there were people who were willing to tell those stories. After college, you ended up going to Columbia School of Journalism Yeah. To get your master's degree. And you've said it was a waste of money. Yes. And I think most of us who have graduate degrees could probably say yes. 100%. Why did you think you needed a master's degree to get into journalism?


I don't, because I could. I got job offers from cities I didn't wanna live in as a gay person. Ah, you know what I mean? Like, I didn't wanna go to Alabama. I didn't wanna go to most states. I felt unsafe and I thought it would help me. I don't know why it was stupid. I would if I had that money, if I go back in a time machine, I take that money, invest in Apple stock and I'd own an island right now. Just like seriously, I wonder how much it would've been worth. Oh, like I know. Don't you tell us. It's like, it's like $60 million. It's some crazy amount of money. Like then again, I've turned down jobs at every internet company. So I, I shouldn't, I've lost billions of dollars that are owed to me, Kara Swisher. But it was a waste of money. I just was stupid. I could have gone, worked.


Working is the best way to do. Well Did you learn anything useful in grad school? No. Okay. You, when you first started as a journalist, you immediately started covering the internet. No, I did not. No. I was an intern. I was, I I I actually delivered mail for, that was in college for, at the Washington Post. I worked my way up at the Washington Post from a news aid in the style section. I, I worked at the McLaughlin Group. You can read about it. My upcoming memoir. Yes. I worked at the city paper here in Washington for, it was great when I was 22, 23, worked in McLaughlin Group. Testified against him in a sexual harassment trial that he never paid for, but he's dead.


So it's all good. Actually. You did say you were glad he Died. I was thrilled. Thrilled. I, I think at one point I said to him, you can't die soon enough. He liked, he thought that, ha ha. Like, I really hope you trip. They, I shouldn't say Yeah, I should say that. What the hell? Yeah. I, I worked my way up. I worked my way up as I, I filled in for people who were on maternity leave and I started covering a family. Some people may recall the Halt family. They owned Crown Books, track Auto. He had a big pompadour. His son, gray Pompadour, his son had a brown pompadour. They were billionaires. And I started writing about their fights. It was sort of like King Lear here in Washington.


Anyone who's of a certain age. Well you wrote it like King. Yeah, I did. He wrote it like Shakespeare and it got me very well known at the Post. So that was retail. I was covering retail and I got so sick of them 'cause they were really low. Some that story was loathsome and especially Herbert Hamp himself, he's dead too good and works for me. But he was terrible to his family. He was terrible to his wife. And it was one of those stories of people of so much means that all they could do was, and it was really born by him in many ways. It was a great business story and everything else, and a great personal story. And I wanted to get off of this beat more than anything. And so of all people, David Ignatius, who's now columnist, was my boss in the business section.


And I said, you have to get me off the speed. And he said, well there's this company out in Virginia called a OL and you're a young person. Like I was the, I was the young person, you should use the internet thing. Like not, it wasn't even internet, it was digital services. Online services. And so that's where I started covering it in the nineties. In the early nineties. But when you started doing that, you really felt that. Oh, immediately. Yeah. So what gave you the sense, I mean there were a lot of journalists at the time that thought the internet was a Ponzi scheme. They did. You understood the transition between the telegraph and radio and television. Yeah. What gave you that certainty that it was gonna end up being what it ended Up being, I had studied propaganda at Columbia and it also as my, it was my piece that my, I had, I wrote a, a paper on it and also at Georgetown, that was my, I was at Foreign Service school and I was really interested in communications means.


And I, when I saw it, I was like, oh, I see what this is. This is everything. And it was very easy to see that. It was like the telephone television, but it was super sized, you know? And when you saw the, the Mosaic browser for the first time, and you could click on it and get any piece of information. And I say this in my memo coming up, the, the thing that occurred to me at that moment was, everything that can be digitized will be digitized. I just, that was it. That was it. I was like, oh, and I downloaded a book and there's a famous story of me downloading a book and messing up the thing. But I was like, oh wow, wow, wow. And then I could see, you know, because I wanted to be in, I wanted to be in military intelligence or CIA, I was gonna do scenarios. And I was like, oh, this goes to this and this goes to here and this will, this business will be over.


And so I was at the Washington Post and someone I have great regard for. Don Graham was the owner at the time, Catherine Graham also, but she was older and he was running it. And I was like, you are so fucked. Like, I just saw it, like, I was like, there's gonna be, it's not subscription 'cause news will be free. This will be a problem. It'll collapse that business, you classified businesses, which is shitty for customers and expensive is over. 'cause this guy named Craig, who I just had dinner with the other night, actually, he goes, I'm the guy with the list. I'm like, stop it, stop that, stop that joke. But he does that all, he still does it To this day. I can't believe he's doing that joke this many years later. It's okay. It's his thing.


He's Craig of the list. So, but I did say Stop it. And he's a lovely guy. He's actually given away a lot of money to journalism and all kinds of good causes. And so I saw that. And then I thought subscriptions, digital news classified. And then at the time the, the brand advertising was dying display advertising at newspapers. I just, I just saw, I was like, Ooh, this is gonna change everything. And so I moved to the Wall Street Journal pretty quickly. 'cause I thought it was on a higher floodplain, but it was still on a floodplain. And so I just kept seeing it and, and saying it to people. Now you and I carried around a suitcase phone that the Washington Post had. And I was like, you're not gonna have a phone at your desk.


I was, I was like, John the Baptist of technology. I was like, why are you sitting there when you can go anywhere? And, and they were like, get away lady with the suitcase phone. You know? And then I had the Big Gordon Gecko on. I'm like, no, it's littler. And they're like, that is a big fucking thing. I'm like, it's gonna be even littler. It's gonna be like Star Trek. And you know, I stood in line to see the Star Tac like an idiot. That was the flip phone. The first really impressive phone. And I just was like in love with it immediately. And you could just see it. You could just, do you still have the same phone number you had back in the nineties? I have my phone number for a long time. Not, no. And I moved to San Francisco. I have the same one ninety seven. I've had the same phone number since 97. Yeah. Wow. 93, 97. Yeah.


Well, of course you know me. Yeah, that's true. That's true. You enjoy holding on to like these important things. Now you've been doing this for like, almost thir not almost more than 30 years. And you've written for any number of publications you've been talking to for and about these tech leaders. And many people in many publications refer to you as the most feared and the most liked journalist in tech. I'm not sure about the liked part, but okay. How do you walk that line? You Know, I don't think I'm feared. I just, I, I think I'm very Oh, you are? Okay. Yeah, you are. Whatever. I'm not that scary. It's like, gimme a great point. Well you're being wonderful and and you are wonderful.


But I do think is, I think I approach it like, yeah, no, I don't get that. Like, you know what I mean? I think a lot of people, you either in tech either have people who are fan boys and there's tons of them and they're all boys. Let me just say it's all boys who, who just love it. Like, you know, oh my god, bill Gates, your giant brain is so astonishing. And he is smart. Like, okay, but come on. Like, there's a lot of advantages he had. And so, you know, I just, I approached it like, yeah, I don't get that. Like, explain it to me like I'm an idiot kind of thing. And I also questioned them when, you know, they, they sort of act like magicians and everyone reveres 'em. So you have that group, which is, they, they can do no wrong.


Which I think went on for far too long. And then there's the people that are too snarky towards it. 'cause I really think it's amazing. Technology has been astonishing over the past couple of decades and just amazing. It's just amazing. And you know, I, I use an example in my upcoming book where I said, you don't wanna be the person at Kitty Hawk. Like they take off, they fly whatever amount of feet they fly and it's correct in the book, but they fly a certain amount and they land and you go, well, they were supposed to do 15 feet and they did 13. Like that's not the person they flew. But Roxanne's mother would've done that. They said Accurate. They said 20 and they did 13. It's a failure. It, they flew. Like that's the, I do, I do have that great regard for tech in that, like the things it could do.


And so I have a great hopefulness about tech as a, as a tool and, and, and, and in good ways. And I am very aware of it as a weapon too. And so I think I did that and that's, I kept pointing out the weapon part and especially when it got more weapon, I was like, just a second misinformation and things like that. And I would, I would say it to them because I didn't, I did have a lot of access, but I didn't do access journalism. I, it's sometimes I did, but I, I tried not to, I tried to always sort of say what the problem was very clearly. And I think the confident people like Steve Jobs, actually, he talked to me 8, 10, 12 times on stage.


Never did that with anyone else. Along with Walt Mossberg. I think the smart people were able to, or adults I say, were able to handle criticism. Not always. He could be super thin skinned and the, the children, the, the toddlers were not, they threw fits when you didn't lick them up and down all day. Do you think They like that? I'm sure they Do. Not that there's anything wrong with that. I'm from San Francisco. It's fine. Do you think that the kinds of people who are succeeding in tech are changing Yes. From that sort of man child or woman? Child to a lesser extent, almost zero extent into like smarter people, people who are perhaps genuinely more socially aware and understanding No.


Of the dangers of The weapon? No, I think we're in a very bad period. I mean, look who's the hero right now. Yeah, I know. And Bill and Elon Musk. So someone I've interviewed more than anyone on the planet actually. Someone I liked quite a bit actually. And thought, God, at least he's doing interesting. You know, most people were doing like digital laundry services. Like you're, they're like, I'm doing a digital lot. I'm like, oh my God, really? Like, I couldn't think of anything less creative. And he was doing some really ama the electric vehicle stuff. The, the space stuff is really interesting and, and really important. I do think even some of his kind of wackier schemes, the hyperloop and the, the boring and the neuro link in.


Interesting. Like really interesting. And then, you know, then there's part of him that has now taken over his brain almost completely. Well, what happened? Why do you think it turned in this way? I, I'm not a psychiatrist. I think he's, he's, he's just turned, I don't know, turned bad rancid. He had that part of his personality, you know, juvenile memes and silliness and I think he had a tough life growing up that said lots of people did. It's not an excuse. Yes. I was gonna say, you know, I think I just had a wrangle with Walter Isaacson about that, you know, he likes to use Shakespearean. Well he is a complex person. I'm like, maybe he's just an asshole. Like now he's like, and you know, well he had a difficult childhood. I'm like, really? This is what we're gonna, oh, he has demons.


So did Oprah. Yeah, exactly. Oprah. Hello. Oprah's lovely. As far as I can tell, I think they've gotten worse. 'cause their money is so vast and the, and the, and the people, their enablers are so obsequious and nobody tells 'em they're wrong. You know, I, I was talking to Elon about Twitter, I thought maybe he could help it. Right. You know, 'cause it had all kinds of business issues. It had all kinds of management issues. And I had hopes that, okay, here's an interesting person who could maybe do something. And then the first thing he, you know, and he actually, and I texted about it and then he, then he tweets the Paul Pelosi thing with, you know, and, and a bunch of things. And I just, this what, what had been a small part of his personality, I would say, which was a little dark, really got all of it.


It just invaded his entire brain, it seems like. And you know, maybe he's being performative. I don't know. It seems like the act is going on for far too long. But my issue with people like that is the power they have. Not like, I'm not gonna get tweaked because he like decides Russell brand needs defense, but okay, sure. Whatever, you know, of course he did. Of course he went to Russell Brand's defense. It's because of the power. And you saw that in the starlink thing that Yes. That he, he, he didn't Wal Walter got it run. In fact, the story, I actually called Walter, I said a Ukrainian defense official just came up to me at an embassy party and asked me to help und geofence Crimea.


And, and I was like, I felt like I was inappropriate for the person to be asking to do this. Right. And, and I, at the same time, I wasn't talking to Elon at that time 'cause we had a falling out over a number of things. He was tweeting and I, but it was the falling out we had was over the starlink thing. 'cause I, I thought it was dangerous. I don't understand. It's dangerous. And he's unaccounted and he's can decide what to do. I do blame our government and the Ukrainian government for not having options. But he was there with what they needed at the moment. Yeah. Which was very generous actually. But now he just gets to decide and you know, and then he started sort of parroting what I felt were Putin talking points, which was, you know, I mean, you could have your opinions about too much war.


Absolutely. But you, this is not a person you wanna put in charge of anything like that. I agree. Now, is there a way to keep these kinds of billionaires in check? No. I mean, you mentioned like the government is at fault, which for many things, but it seems like the more wealth these men mostly accumulate Oh, the less, oh Yeah. Are there any women in that? No. In that group, Mackenzie Bezos has some money 'cause Right? Yes. But she seems to be willing to like, do a little bit of, and A lot of it's done, a lot of philanthropy. She has Indeed. And so, like, what are the consequences of unchecked? It's not the innovation that I'm worried about, but the unchecked access, the unchecked power making these rash decisions. What's the, People are unaccountable.


It's the Robert Barons all over again. You know what I mean? I think it's these people who have unchecked power, unchecked, you know, wealth that's beyond belief. It's crazy amounts of money, influence over government, influence over governments. You saw Benjamin Netanyahu just sort of paid fealty to Elon to try to help him out of the antisemitism issue. Maybe don't say antisemitic things that might work. Like the prime Minister of Israel is helping him out of a jam. Yeah. Like, are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Like, so he will go over there and invest, put a Tesla plant there or whatever they want. And so, you know, I think that's the, that's what scares me is, you know, even, even, and I thought they should have taken Trump off long before I had written columns saying that, you know, I had made a, I was at a party and I said, and I put this to the people there.


And I said, what if after if he loses the election and he says it's the election was fraudulent and he urges, he keeps doing it for weeks on end. And then he urges his followers to attack the capitol. I said that in a column in 2019. It was just a scenario that I built. What would you do? And I, I felt like he had broken rule after rule on these platforms and should be taken off what temporarily or whatever. Just, just everyone else gets kicked off. Shouldn't he be, I didn't love that one or two people made that decision. You know what I mean? Like, that made me super uncomfortable that, you know, it was at the time Jack Dorsey, although he tries to pretend it wasn't his decision, or Mark Zuckerberg.


I, that also makes me deeply uncomfortable. Like, although I don't think these are public platforms, so they're just private squares. They're not public squares. But they certainly aren't important. So where do you see the future of social media going? I think it's sort of starting to crack all. I don't think people are as quite as engaged and interested. I don't think it'll have the same power. AI is really where the action is right now. We're a lot of the, and that will have implications not just on social media, but healthcare, on, on finance, on publishing for sure. On entertainment. So it will have widespread, it's, it's the internet on steroids. I don't know how else to explain it.


Like it's really, is that a good thing or a bad thing? It could be a good thing. It, it could be, you know, healthcare, you could have drug discovery, you could have, you know, drug interactions, drug discovery, gene genome stuff, all kinds of things. Education. You could really bring education all over the place. Healthcare in particular is a particularly promising area. You know, figuring out climate change stuff, patterns, there's all kinds of things it could do. It's also, you know, a copyright thief as usual, which these people are, it's controlled by the same companies. It's Microsoft Meta, apple, Amazon, Elon Musk.


It's the same people. It's the same, same powerful people getting ahold of tools that our government, you know, you can say all you want about the government, but it's called elected officials. They may be incompetent, but they're elected. Yes. So incompetent people put them in office, Right? No, but they're elected like at least there's some governor on it. And in this case there isn't. It's just that these companies are making decisions for the, that will have grave implications on the rest of, I'm not a, I'm not a someone that's like, oh, it's Terminator time. I don't think that's really what the issue is, as some of them are saying. Yeah. But I do think it's, it's, it's enormous power in the hands of a very small group of people.


And I'm not scared of AI and generative ai. I'm scared of people using generative ai, which it's always the humans that fuck things up. I'm curious about that because oddly enough, today I got, and I haven't even told you this yet, but today I got an email from a man who said that he had made an AI chat bot by teaching it all my books. Yep. And interviews and essays, et cetera. Yeah. Scott's doing that now. And He was like, I think you should use it in, it will amuse your followers. And I was like, no, you need to delete this right now because I exist and I don't need a bot to do me. But, But you kind of do actually. Yeah. It could Be ing for you. I cognize this is the way of the future. I Wanna know what Kara s Odoo, we think about that. I think you should actually, you should do it yourself.


Well, interesting. I just did an interview with Martha Stewart who's always up on things. She really is quite an astonishing lady. She's a real entrepreneur. People don't give her credit in that regard, but she's doing Martha ai. Get it. Ha ha. I thought that was funny. Well you could do the same thing Karen ai. Yep. Yeah. Right, right. She, she almost bought Kmart. It was gonna be Martha Art or something like that. Oh, I think she's taking, she's not gonna remember all the things she's done. And she has, she owns a lot of her AP IP s Odoo. You. I, I do. So I do now. And so she's taking all this ip, she doesn't remember every time she figured out how to get a stain out of a cloth.


Right. She doesn't remember every one of them. And she's put out so much content about where to put the plate and this and that. This is in her area. Right. In her area of gardening and home. And, and If you brought it all in one place, it could answer for her. Right. She's just not, she's not gonna be able to do it. Yours is the same way it could be, but it's in, it's based on your thing. So it could be very interesting for a lot of people who have a lot of content. Absolutely. I think's Interesting. That's, yeah, because I, I, after I sent off the email, that was like my gut reaction then, then he was like, can we talk a little bit more about this? Do you Need to this? Yeah, but it should be yours. And I didn't be careful. Why did he put your things in without your permission? Exactly. Didn't even consult me. And I thought he was doing me a favor. And I, that's the problem.


I'm like, you're a white man. Like, I would never choose you to like lead me into the Promise line. One time years ago, I was walking with Larry Page around Google and we ran past a, a room that was full of televisions and they were going, and I was like, what is this crazy fucker doing? And I said, what are you doing? Crazy fucker. And he said, we're you're taping all of television. And I was like, what do you mean? He, he was using close captioning to search it, to search video. And I, it was brilliant. But I was like, do you own the copyright? And he's like, why do I need that? And I was like, because it's copyright. And same thing they did with books. Yes. They had, they were, they learned the hard way. They were just copying them without any kind of rights to them. And so, and they were met with a real problem when they went to visit.


I happened to be with them when they were visiting the book publishers. And they're like, we're going and asking them for all to be able to search to, to put everything in our thing. I'm like, they're going saying no. And they're like, why wouldn't they? It's so great. I was like, 'cause when you do it, you control it and they're fucked. Like I, that was, they, they just were like, we're trying to help people get all the information. I said, but it's their information. And it was, you would have discussions like that constantly. And they were like, well yes, but all information needs to be free. I said, oh, that's a really nice shirt you have. I think I'll just take it. I like your money, your billion dollars in the bank. I think I'll just take it. 'cause money needs to be free to Kara Swisher and just like, they just didn't, they literally don't think like that. Everything is fair game for them.


All the information is for sure. But you should do it anyway. I, you have given me food for thought. I'll give, I'll put you in touch with a few. Okay, That would be great. Because I know nothing about it and I just need, Everyone's gonna have one of these. There's gonna be a plug and play for everybody in that regard. But it's gonna, you have to have Providence and who owns it and this and that. There's just gonna be a lot of lawsuits. Barry Diller and I just did an interesting interview where he's gonna sue everyone. He owns a lot. I love Barry Diller. He's just, well, it's only like fuck going to be possible for people to sue if they have the money to be able to sue for the people that don't have money. Yeah. That's what they look for. No copyright. Our copyright laws are really quite good in this country.


They need to be updated. But that's what happened to YouTube. That's they, and then they had to pay everybody after they stole everything. Right. So that it can be done. Copyright is a very, very good law in this country. So, but still they'll try to take it 'cause that's what


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Picture this somewhere in the world. An Apple Card user is getting 3% daily cash back on the purchase of an iPhone 16 at Apple. That's not all. They also earned 2% back on the new shoes they bought using Apple Pay. Visit apple.co/card calculator to see how much daily cashback you can earn. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Hey, this is Naomi Rigan, co-host of the podcast, couples Therapy. I wanted to Talks Odoo you about Boost Mobile, the newest 5G network in the country. Boost Mobile's new network delivers customers the speed and service they'd expect from the big three plus groundbreaking benefits you'd only get from a true challenger in the industry. Like letting people try the network risk free for 30 days and offering a $25 per month unlimited plan that's guaranteed to never go up in price. So visit your nearest Boost mobile store or find them online@boostmobile.com.


Better help online therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now, wherever you are, to unc unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders, take a deep breath in and out. Feels better. Right? That's 15 seconds of self-care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax. They did.


This is a question that Roxanne was gonna ask you, but it was a little bit further down in the interview. Okay. And I, I think, I think it's a, a appropriate time to ask it. So if you don't mind, Roxanne, I'm gonna Oh yeah, go ahead. Just go for it. Yeah. In many interviews you speak openly about money, which is rare, particularly for women. Yeah. Yeah. And you've said you know your worth. I do. How do you determine what your worth? By knowing what your worth isn't like knowing where your leverage is. I think about leverage a lot. One of the things that I always noticed was especially women as a boss, I noticed this. And as a person of myself trying to get money, they women almost continually undervalued themselves. Like, and men way overvalued themselves.


There was one point where I was firing two different people and one of them, you know, we were gonna give a severance and it was a number, you know, it was the same severance kind of thing. And it was generous. And the guy asked for double the severance. And I was like, I don't even wanna give you this. Like, no. Like, and the woman just took it and could have asked for more. Right. You know what I mean? It was really, I was, I was thinking, huh, that's interesting. This son of a bitch is, you know, anyway. Now do you think it's because historically we've just made less than men? Or is it because we just value ourselves less? I, I, I don't know. I'm not, again, not a, I don't know. I've always thought gimme that. Like I did that, I made that gimme the money kind of thing.


And I was in a discussion with someone I was working for and they were like, I was making a certain amount of money at the, I'll say this, Jim Bankoff, who's great, who I love, by the way, who's really great and entrepreneurial, really great. But at the time he wanted me to take less money. And then, we'll it was, I made a lot of money at the journal 'cause I had a piece of the profits. I always took a piece of the, if I made it, I wanted a piece of the winnings essentially. And we got it. We get that. And If you ask for it, you tend to, you often can get it. And so he wanted me to take less. And at one point, and he, he's never done this again. He goes, he goes, just take more stock and less cash and then and less guaranteed cash.


And then, you know, we'll go out. We'll be pals. I said, I don't need any fucking pals. Like, I like you, but at this time you're not my friend. So no, I would like the money and then I will pay for drinks. Like, you know that. And it was preying on a thing for women who want to, who wanna get along. Right? Like, just be nice, be a nice girl and then everything will be good. And I'm like, I'm not that nice a girl, so I think I'll just take the money and then you'll like me better. I know it. And so it's not money for money's sake. I'm not like, I just, I'm like, why if I make something, if I make a conference that makes say $4 million in profit, I thought it up outta my head. They're not helping me that much.


Why should they get all of it? Why shouldn't I get half of it if they are my partner? Like, I, I, it doesn't, it doesn't occur to me not to take the money. And I always take the money and ask for it. And I think people should, I don't know why I think women don't. That's for sure. I Quite a long time ago, I interviewed a designer and we were talking about money and he said no matter what he's offered, he always asks for more. Yeah. And he always goes back and says no matter what, even if it's a great offer Yeah. Is there any more you can get? Yeah. And he always gets more. Yeah. Always gets more. And I've told that to designers ever since. Like, this is something he does. I'm doing that right now. Yeah. I just got more.


Yeah. Just can, can you get me a little Bit more? Sometimes though I don't, if I feel like it's fair, I don't like to be like, now give me triple. I don't think you have to be a jerk about It. Well, he always says just a little. Yeah. It's not, yeah. Yeah. I just, I just know what I can make. Like if I make this much money, I will take this much. And I think most then you have an incentive, then everyone's incentives are aligned. I like when incentives are aligned. I don't, like, I had someone at one point I was making tons of money for, for this particular entity and you could see it there, it was coming in like I could see it. And at one point they're like, well you're the most highly paid person here. I'm like, I don't give a fuck. I made the most money here.


Like give the money. And so I, and I and I sometimes been in meetings where they're like trying to make me take less and I just keep going. Gimme the money. Gimme the money. I'm not leaving till they gimme the money. So, or else I'll leave, you know, and then I'll get more money somewhere else. Like, and so it's mean I have the ability to do that now. 'cause I'm lucky 'cause I, I have a good career, but I just, I don't know people do. I don't know. I just want the money. So when you money, money's power. That's why, because money is power. That is before You got lucky though. I mean, because everyone starts somewhere. Were you still able to do this? Yes. To just Say I did that, I did that. I want what I, back then, yeah. When I was offered less, although I did make, I just remembered $14,000 at City Paper.


That was a shitty salary, but it was kind of okay for the time I did, what year was it? I made $16,000 a cable view in 1983. Probably in that, no, a little later. Maybe 86, something like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like, it wasn't, it wasn't unfair for the moment. But I do think what I do think is important is If you, if you're an entrepreneur, just like, and this is what I've learned from the tech people, is if I make something, I want a piece of it. Yeah. Right. And I think too many people, people work for salaries. I think that's what it is. If you, people should, all people should be participating in the upside. That's what's happening in the U aaw strike right now. You know, they wanna participate in the upside, same thing in Hollywood.


And If you make things, you should benefit from what you make. And you shouldn't just sit there. And especially If you're creative and entrepreneurial, you deserve that extra. If you create something out of nothing, you should benefit. And I, that's one thing I do like love about the tech people. They, they make things. They take the, take the windfall of it and they take the risk. If things don't work, I'm perfectly willing not to take any, you know, like to not win. One time we were with a very famous, I was with a very famous Hollywood producer who made hit shows and Instagram had just sold for an enormous amount of money. And Kevin Strom was another lovely guy, got $300 million in Facebook stock.


It's a lot more now or something like that. Some enormous amount of money. And he had just started the company like three days before. And so it was great. Good job, Kevin. And so this guy was like, why did he get so much? Why did he get so much? And I go, well, he he owned it. He owned it, that's why. And then he sold it and that's how he got so much like, it's not that hard sir. And he's like, well, I make a lot of money. And I was like, no, I know how much you make. It was, he was making shows for, for one of the networks. And I said, but I bet you don't make as much as they do off the things they make of yours. Like, like you get the a hundred million dollars and they make 3 billion. Like at the time, not anymore. These, these networks don't. I said, so you are really just a, a cheap date.


I said this to him and he's like, I make a lot of money. I said, I bet they sent the plane for you for the Emmys. Was that nice? Why don't you own your own plane? Like, that's the kind of things they did. Or you got the Oscar, congratulations on the Oscar flowers, or they did all this petting stuff of these people and then took most of the value out of it. And I was like, the reason this network is in the place it is, is 'cause of you, because of your creativity. Even though your shows are shitty, but they're still popular. So I don't know what to say. And so that's what I was, you know, I was always urging people to, if they're the entrepreneur, they should take things. I think that's fair. Speaking of creative output, Debbie, I think we should ask about the memoir.


The memoir. I do. But I just wanna ask one more question. Sure. About Money. Money. Like, Have you ever made a bad money decision or money decisions that you've regretted? Probably not taking all, every job that I've been offered from internet, I would be very extraordinarily wealthy right now. Then I, You actually said disturbingly wealthy. I'd be disturbingly wealthy and, but I, you know, I did, my ex-wife is Megan Smith. She became the CTO of America. But I convinced she got it when I was covering, not covering Google, I knew the Google guys and they were very much interested in her working there. I said, you should go there. You're gonna make a lot of money. You're gonna make go there, go there. And she did. And she did make an enormous amount of money.


And not as much if she had gone when I told her to. But nonetheless, she made a lot of money. And, and then when we got divorced, I didn't take anything like an idiot. Like I'm Such a bad gold digger. So I, you know, yes. I don't regret that. No, she should have. She made it. It's her money. But it, I got a nice house out of it. But I did. I just, it was my house. Well, didn't you get the house from the money that you got from your grandfather? Yes, I did. So Then how did you I got, well, I know, but we paid for it together. Oh, whatever. You don't wanna go into the details of my divorce. Thank you. But, but she has a lovely house here in Washington.


I'll say that. I think about what would I have if I had said yes to a OL all those many years ago if I had said yes to. I had offered a job at Amazon. I was offered a job at early Facebook, early, all of them. And I just was like, I just didn't wanna work with them. I know it sounds dumb, but I was like, ugh, do I have to look at you all day again? Same thing. Same thing. Now I could be wrong about this, but it seems, but Sometimes I wish I had all that money so I could do political things and, But that's why I I think you didn't take those jobs because I do think, I mean, I don't want to, I liked what I was doing, that's All. Yeah. I mean, it just seems like there's a lot more it Integrity.


What you were doing wasn't, I liked what I was doing. I liked, and, and, and that's the one thing if say is that whenever you do anything, you should like what you do. And when I don't like something, I quit. I think a lot of people stay in the same place because they think they have to. And most of us, especially in this room, are very lucky. They have a lot of choices. I'm fully aware that I have choices all the time. There's people around the world that have no choices whatsoever, all around the world. And it seems wrong If you have choices not to take them. Especially when you're educated, you live in America, you know, all kinds of things that you have advantages of. So I, I just, I just, I just can't, I just can't, I just can't do it. Just the same reason I had kids at, at, you know, in my late fifties was like, ah, I don't want some more kids.


That's what I want. That's what I want. And plus they'll be taking care of me when I'm super old. That's a good thing. Totally a reason. I'm sorry, I'm just saying. I'll admit it. But, but I, I wanted to have kids. I love kids. Like, everyone was like, really? And some mornings, like this morning when they get up at, you know, four o'clock, I'm like, what the hell did I do that? Like, but otherwise it's really something I wanna do. So I'll do it. Am I Right in thinking that during your interview with the astrologist Channy Nicholas, you said you wanted seven children? I did. I did. I did. I did. I would have. So you have three more to go. Yeah. I'm like Elon Musk in that regard, right? I'm trying to populate the planet.


No, I'm trying to populate the planet with the kind of kids. Like my sons are astonishing. I mean, Les I always joke about this, but lesbians should raise all the men. They're like confident and feminist and at the same time they're kind of like tough and cool and like, you know what I mean? Like, they're just great kids. They're just, you can listen to my son Louis on my podcast this summer. I had him on. He's a fantastic kid. All of them are. Yeah, I did. I I would have, I wanted kids since I was 18, 17, 18 years old. I bought a, a onesie at the, when the Ikea opened here out at wherever the hell it is out in. You just drive in Virginia for a while and you run into it.


Where is it? It's in, Is it Potomac Mills? Potomac Mills. Oh my god. I should know that because I cover the opening mills. What Potomac Mills I bought, I bought, oh, I I guess I, I covered that mall when I was with the post. But yeah, I bought a little onesie that my, all my kids have worn when I was 18 years old, which is incredible. Wow. Yeah. I love kids. I think it's great. I think they're great. I know you're not supposed to have more than whatever I, you know, I'm making up for everybody else 'cause nobody else is having kids. So, and I always, I do think, I joke, I have a stupid gay joke, but I'm like, I'm building the Milia etheridge. So I had an argument, it's that idiot JD Vance, who I'm so glad Mitt Romney also agrees with me about, he started strafing me on Twitter, which I was like, don't you have a Senate campaign to run you dumb ass?


And I knew him before he was this version of this. He was just a tech person with Steve Case seemed, and his book was interesting. You know, the book, his book was interesting and he insulted me about how liberals don't like the future. And so I tweeted back, I go, I have double the kids. You have. And so first, what's the problem with your life and your wife? Two, I believe in the future twice as much as you do. So get on it jd, let's start to have some kids. If you really believe in the future, it's so ridiculous. Let's get busy. Roxanne, are you having Kids? I've been trying weird and somehow I haven't impregnated you yet. Okay. You know, Lord knows I put in the effort.


You You don't need that anymore. No, we don't. I mean we, I think both. I Actually still have sperm left. I got pregnant on the first pregnancy and my ex-wife got pregnant. So I have a lot of sperm left. It's Excellent sperm Apparently. Wow. This is going in places I never expected. I'm just, You neither Would've I, you know, Time ever. I bought it for, we've discussed this on a podcast that I have done. I bought it for cheap and now I could sell it for, it was very inexpensive way back when. 'cause nobody was, no lesbians were having children And now all of them Are, I Could sell it at a great profit, for example. Yeah. I give Especially, I mean, because you have examples would give it to you, like, look what it makes. Yeah. Look what it makes. They're handsome and they're fantastic.


Lesbians. I stood, I sat in the, the sperm clinics. They wouldn't, you can't figure I had a no donor and I shouldn't have done this, but I sat in the lobby there just looking at the men come in and they were all California tens, every one of them. And I thought, of course they're vain and they think they're, they should go on. That's what I thought. Oh yeah, this is what's happening here. And I thought, oh fine, I'll, I'll take that. So Yeah, I mean a California 10 is really high. Yeah. So that's, I have a son that is six four, almost six five. So here I am at five two. So it's fine. It works out. Works out. All right. Let's talk about your memoir Before we, but again, you can have a sperm If you want it. Okay. I mean, we will have a little discussion.


We, you all heard it here first lot. Anything can, will happen in live radio. I have a lot. It's in a cryo whatever the fuck in California. I pay $300 a year and I can't stop paying $300 a year for It. So that's interesting that you're holding onto it. I don't know. I shouldn't She wants seven children, Roxanne. That's true. And so TikTok, Did you just say TikTok? I did. I did. You know, we have one last question. All right. With your memoir coming out, it's called Burn Book, a tech love story. Yes. And so I'm curious because you've also said that you hate the people that you write about. I don't hate all of 'em. So how do you balance hating them and then wanting to write a memoir?


Hate's a strong word. I'm tired of writing about a lot of them and I'm very disappointed. It's a book about a love gone wrong. I guess that's what I would say. You know, when you, you see someone that you love Turn in a way. Some people I have, I do have a whole chapter. There are people I like. Okay. And then I write a whole chapter about people I like a lot. And most of them act like adults and are really trying hard. I happen to like Sam Altman, who's doing a lot, lot of this ai, I think he's a really thoughtful person. I've known him for a long, long time. And I think a lot of him, I like Reid Hoffman, another person very involved in ai. I very much like Tim Cook. I like Satya Nadella. There's all kinds of people I like. I mean, they're not my friends, but you know what I mean. Yeah, definitely. I don't have a problem with their personal lives.


And we disagree, but it's fine. They're, they're adults, but there's, it's a lot of like what happened to these people. They started off with these great hopes and dreams of connecting the world with each other and instead, you know, I can't say what the first line of the book is. When you read it, you'll understand. I, it's a heart, a story of heartbreak is what it is. But it's funny. It's really funny. Good. Yeah. Well I think we're all look forward to it. Yeah. In March 24. March. Yeah. Well, once the book is out, I'd love to Talks Odoo you more about it and Yes, have another conversation. Yeah, It's good. You'll like it. It's really f it's Can't wait. A little bit different than Walter Isaacson's book, so, Oh good. Walter Kara Swisher, Roxanne Gay, Deborah Millman, Kara Swisher, thank you so much for making so much work that matters.


And thank you for joining us tonight on Design Matters. And remember, we can talk about making a difference. We could make a difference or we can do both. I'm Debbie Melman and I look forward to talking with you again soon. This interview was presented by On Air in Washington DC on September 20th, 2023. Design Matters is produced for the TED Audio Collective by Curtis Fox Productions. The interviews are usually recorded at the Masters in branding program at the School of Visual Arts in New York City, the first and longest running branding program in the world. The editor and chief of Design Matters Media is Emily Wand.


This message is brought to you by Apple Pay. If you've ever stood in the middle of a Tokyo convenience store, fumbling for coins while a queue behind you grows dangerously long. You'll understand why I now use Apple Pay for basically everything. It's already on my phone, which is usually in my hand, anywhere. And you just tap with Apple Pay wherever you see the contactless symbol from Bento boxes to bullet trends to booking hotels on the fly. It just works. What surprised me most though, is how genuinely seamless it is. It makes paying feel less like a transaction and more like a tap and go superpower. Security is built in with face id. So your card number is always secured. Even if I somehow lose my phone, my Apple Pay information stays protected, which is great because I can't even keep track of my umbrella, let alone a wallet set up Apple Pay Now and enjoy an easier way to pay whether you're picking up groceries or on the Go Pay. The Apple Ware. Apple Pay is a service provided by Apple Payment Services, LLCA subsidiary of Apple Inc. Any card using Apple Base is offered by the card issuer terms apply.


Hey, it's Mark Marin from WTF here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. And I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it Wealth. Choose Progressives name your price tool and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com. And now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Price and coverage match Limited by state law, not available in all states.


This is Paige, the co-host of Giggly Squad. I use Uber Eats for everything and I feel like people forget that you can truly order anything, especially living in New York City. It's why I love it. You can get Chinese food at any time of night, but it's not just for food. I order from CVS all the time. I'm always ordering from the grocery store. If a friend stops over, I have to order champagne. I also have this thing that whenever I travel, if I'm ever in a hotel room, I never feel like I'm missing something because I'll just Uber eats it. The amount of times I've had to Uber eats hair items like hairspray, deodorant, you name it, I've ordered it on Uber Eats. You can get grocery alcohol, everyday Essentials in addition to restaurants and food you love. So in other words, get almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal Drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.