
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app on your iPhone today, subject to credit approval variable. APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Be fearless in the sun with blue lizard. Australian sunscreen. Whether you're diving into ocean waves or simply chasing your kids around the backyard, blue Lizard has you covered so you can enjoy every moment. Worry free, designed for your whole family and free from fragrances, parabens and phalates. Blue Lizard is your go-to Mineral sunscreen, trusted by dermatologists, pediatricians, and parents. Shop now on amazon.com and beef airless in the sun with blue lizard Australian sunscreen.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I wanna tell you about SimpliSafe, a company that's revolutionizing home security. What's fascinating about SimpliSafe is their approach to protection. Their active guard. Outdoor protection doesn't just react to break-ins, it aims to prevent them. With AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents, they can spot suspicious activity and intervene in real time. It's like having a vigilant security team watching over your home 24 7. Simply save offers peace of mind without the hassle of long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Plus their monitoring plans start at just about a dollar a day, making advanced security accessible to more people. They offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back interested in learning more. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, do you have 2020 Vision? What about augmented reality vision? Sharam? IDI is leading the development of AR and XR. That's extended reality at Google. In his talk, he considers the future of mixed reality and how our lives will be transformed by having AI assistance like Google's Gemini in things like wearable glasses and beyond. For our entire lives, we've been living for a computing revolution with leaps forward in compute, connectivity, mobile technologies, and now ai.


For my part, I've dedicated my entire career to augmented reality, fusing the real world with computing experiences. I started this journey about 25 years ago for my PhD. It might sound groundbreaking. The technology was really primitive back then, but the potential felt limitless when we were experimenting in that university lab. What I didn't know at that time was many of the fundamental innovations for my work would come from AI researchers in a different lab. While I was helping computers see the world, these AI researchers were helping computers reason about the world.


Since then, large language models and multimodal reasoning have enabled richer language and image understanding. These models are now fast enough for live conversations where the AI can act on your behalf. And most importantly, with your permission, an augmented reality and virtual reality has moved computing from the rectangular screen to the 360 immersive display to now even the world itself becoming the display. We now refer to this broad collection of experiences as extended reality or XR. Until now, these innovations have occurred separately and in silos.


Well, here comes act two of the computing revolution. AI and XR are converging unlocking radical new ways to interact with technology on your terms. Computers will become more lightweight and personal. They will share your vantage point, understand your real world context, and have a natural interface that's both simple and conversational. Countless people and companies are innovating in this space. We're excited to contribute to this momentum with Android XR. It's an operating system we are building with Samsung that brings XR hardware together with Gemini, our AI assistant, to augment human intelligence.


It can support a broad range of devices from headsets to glasses to form factors we haven't even dreamed of yet. Okay, let me show you where we are heading by inviting my colleague Nishta to the stage. Welcome, Nishta. Hi. These ordinary looking glasses are packed full of technology, a miniaturized camera and microphones. Give the AI the ability to see and hear the world speakers, let you listen to the AI and play music or even take calls. And these glasses also have a tiny high resolution in lens display that's full color that I'm holding in my hand.


It's very, very small. These glasses work with your phone streaming back and forth, allowing the glasses to be very lightweight and access all your phone apps. And if you're wondering, I'm actually wearing the glasses too. They're actually helping me see all of you in the audience because they have prescription lenses inside them, but they're also displaying my speaker notes for me as well. And this is the very first time we're showing these glasses in public. So this is gonna be a live demo of conceptual hardware, early software. What could go wrong, Mr. Best of luck. No pressure. Amazing. Woo.


Now I'm gonna launch Gemini. Hello there. Hi Gemini. Can you start us off with something fun and creative and write a hy coup for what I'm seeing right now? Sure. Face is all a glow. Eager minds await the words, sparks of thought. Ignite Some anxious but happy faces as well. Yeah, the AI sees what Nishta sees, hears what she hears, and is responding in real time. But that's just table stakes. Let's actually step it up a notch with something we call memory for a rolling contextual window. The AI remembers what you see without having to be told what to keep track of.


So you guys may have noticed I snuck a peek back at the shelf a moment ago. I wasn't paying attention, but let's see if Gemini was, Hey, did you happen to catch the title of the white book that was on the shelf behind me? The white book is Atomic Habits by James Clear. That is absolutely right. So let's try something harder. I keep losing my hotel key card. Do you know where I last left the card? The hotel key card is to the right of the music record. Great. For someone as forgetful as me, that's a killer app.


Okay. This AI is inherently multimodal, so it's using visual data and natural language to digest complex queries in real time while remembering your past context. Nishta, let's see some more. Yeah, let's bring this book back. So I don't really have time to read it right now, but I wonder if Gemini might be able to help me summarize what's going on. Like I don't know, what does this diagram mean? It looks complex. This diagram is labeled the habit line and illustrates the process of habit formation. It shows how automaticity increases with repetitions until a habit is formed.


Okay. Now imagine being able to communicate and understand any language. The AI can shift its output to speak different languages with dialects and accents that feel human and natural. Yeah. Let's go to this sign over here. Can you translate this to English for me? The sign states private property. No trespassing. Okay. Let's prove this is a live demo. Does anyone in the audience have a suggestion for a different language to translate to our seat? Farsi? We tried Farsi. It failed last time, but let's try it again. Do You wanna try Farsi? We could try it T. Okay, because I do speak Farsi, so it's my mother tongue, so thank you, Gemini.


Let's, let's just give this a shot. Can you translate this sign to Farsi for us? I'm Lai S. Great. Awesome. It speaks Farsi. That's amazing. So as Rah mentioned, you all may have seen translation demos like this before, but what's new now is that in addition to just saying things in a different language, I can also speak to Gemini in another language. I know Hindi, so let's give this a shot.


So Gemini said, you all look focused and excited and it has a better accent accent than I do. Alright, now let's see how the AI can connect the physical world with your digital content and take action. Yeah, let's get some music going in here. Okay, Gemini, why don't you play us a track from this record? Sure. Here's Bad Dreams by Teddy swims. Perfect. In a few seconds, the AI recognized the album, looked up the track list and took action using the phone apps. Okay, Nishta does look like the demo Gods are with us.


Maybe with you more than me, let's do one last demo. I know you're keen to give. Yes. This is my first time in Vancouver and I love going on walks. So why don't you navigate me to a park nearby with views of the ocean. Okay, I am starting navigation to Lighthouse Park, which has magnificent views of the Pacific Ocean. Is there anything else I can assist you with? Honestly, with these directions and a 3D map, I should be all set and hopefully I won't look like a tourist. Thank you all.


Thank you, Nishta. That was awesome. Okay, we've seen glasses. Now let's turn our attention to the other side of the spectrum headsets. You've seen these types of devices before, but when we first brought AI to a headset, it completely caught me by surprise. For this demo, we're gonna use the project Wuhan headset that Samsung is launching later this year. Compared to glasses, headsets give you an infinite display for getting work done or immersing yourself in a movie or maybe a TED Talk at some point. Let me bring up my colleague Max to show us even more. Hey, max. Hello. Go for it, max. Let's do it. You'll notice we start grounded in the real world, and I'm gonna control the entire system with my eyes, hands, and voice.


But where things get really interesting is when we invite Gemini in as this conversational companion that can come with us anywhere. Hello? Hey, Gemini, can you bring up my trip planner for me please? Of course. Opening up your trip planner. Cool. But I left these windows really disorganized. Can you help with that? Of course. I can help with that. No clicks, no keyboards. It's just a conversation and the AI is taking action. Okay, so more audience participation. Someone shouts out a name of a place you wanna visit. Cape Town. Cape Town. Let's go to Cape Town.


Okay, sounds fun. Can you please take me to Cape Town? Certainly. Let me help with organizing the windows. Awesome. And can you also take me to Cape Town? I can certainly do that. Let me take you to Cape Town And we're very organized as we go there. Perfect. The AI is taking Max's requests, figuring out how best to answer it, opening up the Maps app, and from there he can actually explore anywhere in the world in this 3D view. Okay. This is pretty incredible viewing the world from this angle. I can even zoom into city levels, but what's really interesting is having an AI here who can see what I see.


Can you tell me more about the significance of this place? I can indeed provide information about Table Mountain. Table Mountain holds a profound significance, deeply rooted in both its natural splendor and its rich cultural history. It has long been a spiritual and cultural symbol for the indigenous coi, coi, and sand people. Okay. It Stands as a very good Gemini. Okay, max, let's bring this closer to home. How about exploring winter sports? Seeing that we're in Vancouver? Okay, let's get some inspiration for Sharam. Can you please show me 360 videos of this? Sure. Here are some 360 degree powder snowboarding videos. Okay. I'm kind of new to snowboarding, so hopefully this video will help me learn.


Although this looks already way more intense, I think I'm ready for, what was the name of that trick? That's a backside 540 with a grab. Okay. The AI knows exactly what Max is looking at, even in rich video content and can answer any question in real time. Max, are you sure this is Whistler? You know Sharam? I actually have no idea. I've never been here before, but let's find out. What run do you think this is? It's probably one of the un groomed runs in Summit Bowl or the top section of West Ridge on Mount Bachelor as they're close to the summit and face North towards three sisters in broken top, the prominent mountains visible in the background.


Okay. Mount Bachelor, Oregon. Got it. Okay. Let's have a little bit of fun now. Let's have AI narrate this video. Somebody in the audience shout out a fun narration style like Nature documentary or something like that. Movie Stickers. Horror movie. Okay, That's gonna be it. It might be gory, but let, let's go For it. Slightly dark, but let's do it. Can you please describe what you're seeing as If you are an overly enthusiastic character in a horror movie? Oh, darling, this is simply marvelous. A desolate mountain scape. How delightfully ominous. Prepare for a chilling dance with the unknown, where every gust of wind whispers tales of icy terror and lurking shadows.


Okay, Gemma, that is great. Return to more positive things. Keep going another day. Yeah. Okay, max, I know there's one last demo and you've been apparently practicing your farming skills. Yes, Siram. I've been excited to get back to my rural roots and also embrace one of my favorite things, which is playing games, but it becomes a whole new next level experience when you have an AI by your side, both to help keep you company as you play, but also to help you learn how to play these kind of games in the first place. So for example, what do you think I should do next here? It looks like this is early in the game in Stardew Valley. You need to earn money, so try planting some seeds. First, use your hoe to till the soil and then plant your seeds.


It looks like you have some parsnips. Since it isn't raining, you'll also need to water them with your watering can. Okay. Seems like a lot, and maybe robots will do this for us one day, but for now, I'm gonna have to return back to my farm later. For one last thing, can you please give a playful two sentence summary of all the ground we covered today? We soared from organizing a digital realm to traversing snowy mountains and even found time to farm some virtual parsnips. Quite the adventure today. Quite the adventure indeed. Thanks, Gemini. Fantastic. Thank you, max.


We're entering an exciting new phase of the computing revolution. Headsets and glasses are just the beginning. All this points to a single vision of the future. A world where helpful AI will converge with lightweight XR XR devices will become increasingly more wearable, giving us instant access to information. While AI is gonna become more contextually aware, more conversational, more personalized, working with us on our terms and in our language, we are no longer augmenting our reality, but rather augmenting our intelligence. Thank you so much.


That was Sharam IDI at TED 2025. And for a special treat, visit TED dot com to watch shara's many demos in action. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar, and Sica SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Here's a wake up call right now. Your liver is filtering everything from fast food to fancy drinks, but there's a game changer that 3.5 million people are talking about. It's called Liver md. 80% of liver MD users saw significant improvements in their liver test results, plus better energy digestion and less bloating. Backed by clinical research and trusted by health professionals. Physician formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level with seven clinically studied ingredients at their clinically effective dosages for real powerful results, from happy hours to heavy meals and everyday environmental toxins. Your liver's keeping score. Time to flip the script with Liver md. Feel the difference in 90 days or it's free. Visit one md.org and use code TED Talks to save 15% on your first order.


This podcast is brought to you by Sony Pictures Classics presenting on Swift horses starring Daisy Edgar Jones, Jacob Alote, will Poulter, Diego Calva and Sasha Caye. Muriel and her husband Lee are beginning a bright new life in California when he returns from the Korean War. But their newfound stability is upended by the arrival of Lee's charismatic brother Julius. A wayward gambler with a secret past, a dangerous love triangle quickly forms. When Julius takes off in search of the young card sheet, he's fallen for Muriel's. Longing for something more, propels her into a secret life of her own gambling on race horses and exploring a love she never dreamed possible on Swift Horses. Opens April 25th only in theaters. Get tickets now@onswifthorses.com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.