
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. What's real in a virtual world? I ask myself this more and more these days as we enter a new way of living that blends with augmented and virtual realities, and there's no place like social media to bring that tension front and center. Scroll through Instagram and you might run across some of virtual human producer Sarah GTO's influencer clients. She works with them to help amplify and pitch brands to followers.


That's normal, right? But her influencers aren't human inside. How virtual influencers work and how they fuse with AI is after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just, ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Bvo Du, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader. Through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters, Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations, and at trial when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com.


Hi, I am Debbie Millman and I host a podcast called Design Matters from the TED Audio Collective. Every episode I have conversations with designers, writers, artists, and other luminaries of contemporary thought people like Roman Mars, IWE Way, Ethan Hawke and Ashley Ford. We not only talk about their crafts, but how they design the arc of their lives, what they've learned, what obstacles they've overcome, and how they've done it, and how they see the world. Join us for an inquiry into the broader world of creative culture. Find and follow design matters with Debbie Millman, wherever you're listening to this, and now our TED talk of the day.


Hi everyone. I'm Sarah and I'm a talent manager. Who do I manage? A girl named Ima. She's a fashionista that lives in Tokyo. She posts about her life and her outfits on social media platforms like Instagram, TikTok, and X. She has a younger brother named Zen that she always gets in a fight with a little dog named Einstein that she takes for walks. Her favorite food is Yaki Tori, and she sits first row of fashion shows and dances to TikTok videos. Yep, just a normal girl online, except she doesn't exist.


She's a virtual human made from CGI Born in 2017. In other words, she's a fictional character made from 3D softwares, a unique blend of softwares like on Maya and an unreal engine and a bit more. She's not a mimic or copy of anyone that's existing in real life. She's a complete original character. Oh, and that brother that she has. Yep. You guessed that he's not real either. I wish he was though. We manage him and dozens other virtual humans around the world and in the near future, we're integrating them with AI so that they become autonomous virtual humans that you can have a conversation with.


Yes, they exist in the virtual world, but these virtual humans have an impact in our real world too. Ima has repeatedly shared her opinions on real world issues, including climate change and Black Lives Matter. She initiated a community get together in the virtual world during COVID for people who are feeling lonely and isolated. She also shares about her Japanese culture and subculture to her global audience for these actions. She was actually chosen as one of a Forbes Woman of the Year right beside the likes of climate change activist Greta Thunberg and former US First Lady, Michelle Obama.


She's also been featured in Tokyo 2020 Paralympics. In the closing ceremony, Anne has been awarded an award from the government of Japan for her actions in going to Cambodia and voicing about its domestic violence issues. She's also in real campaigns. She's worked with brands from Amazon, Porsche, BMW, skincare brand, SK two, Ikea and more. Right now. You can actually see an ad of her all over the world with her campaign with Coach Ripe side CoStar, lna sax. She's also in real magazines on the covers from Harper's Bazaar, VOJ and Wonderland.


Yes, she doesn't technically exist, but the younger generation of Zzi don't care. Gen Zs love her because they feel a real connection to her for them. There's not much of a difference between someone that is real life breathing that's doing Instagram and a virtual human like ema, for example. I know a lot of Gen Z's love Kylie Jenner, and even if they've never met her before, they feel like they know everything about her from where she takes her family to vacation, her aspirations, and to even what she's for breakfast.


Why? Because she posts these things online and people feel a real connection to her. Same thing with ema. She posts about her life online and people feel a real connection. She posts an outfit picture and people would ask, where's that dress from? She gets a lot of questions about her. Perfectly cut Bob hair too. People wanna know who's the famous hairstylist that's keeping it perfectly cut. He or she doesn't exist 'cause the hair is not real like this. People love interacting with her, sharing about their life to her and even giving her real life advice when she needs it.


And I mean, I think we've all cut up by now scrolling through Instagram, TikTok or live what's really real in the virtual world. Anyways, And Now back to the episode. Now there's, does all of this scare any of you? Maybe it does, but I promise I'm not a scary AI evil virtual human scientist. I'm actually quite the opposite. I'm a human lover and I truly believe that this virtual human technology will better our world and make the treasures that we have as humans, our love, our connection, and our self expressions way better.


Before all of this, I used to be an artist. I still am at heart, but like most artists all my life, I've been searching for something beautiful and meaningful. I felt like I found it the beautiful and meaningful in EMA when I first laid eyes on her. Well, actually not gonna lie, when I first first saw her, I was like, what the heck is this? But the more I thought about it and thought about the real connections that people were having with this piece of technology, I was amazed. I thought it was revolutionary because all my life, technology to me, has been something useful, something I use every day, but it was never personal to me.


For example, I would ask Siri, what's the weather like? And it would say, it's 11 yesterday and that was it. I didn't really have a connection or a relationship with it. But humans are innately emotional creatures, and our world moves with what moves our hearts. So what if we can get that same feeling from technology? What If you can create relationships like we do with friends, family, coworkers, and even with our alternative selves through virtual humans. What If? you can have a positive impact in different industries from medical, educational, and entertainment.


All leveraging on the deep connection between humans and technology. Ima is the first example of so much more to come. If there was a book of virtual human history or barely on page one, we shouldn't get caught up in the topic of what's real and what's not real, because I mean what's really real? Anyways, we should get away from the dystopian narrative of the virtual world that we have and seize possibilities for human connection and possibilities for human expression, because human possibility, it's same as technology, it's limitless.


Thank you. Woo. You got this.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge, so remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Sara Giusto at TED 2024 If. You're curious about Ted's curation. Find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing matters, Bino European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible, along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions have changed, and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power. You need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your projects. There is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pocket. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent, we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What are the solutions? Well, basically the key aspect is to put your money at work, and by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy, and now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not so search for it. Ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, How is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way. That's what we offer and is pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store. Maybe you will see us there. What are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think, and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term, two, diversification, and three progressivity dollar cost. Leveraging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank you, mattes. Now let us hear the last word Are the most important one there. You should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you, nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the app Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App Store and we are happy to support you in building wealth across Europe.


PRX.