
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates. As of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member DC.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny Shop now at Walmart.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Along with hosting this podcast, I'm also or mainly a journalist, and these are two jobs where you need to be confident in front of the mic during an interview or at a live event. I'm always looking for ways to hype myself up, but I'm confident you get it that a lot of people can relate. Kat Cole, the CEO of Ag one has some tips in her 2024 talk Kat shares techniques we can use to cut through the fears that hold us back to become the most confident and greatest version of ourselves.


So when I think about confidence, I first ground myself in the definition. Confidence is just the reliance or assurance that we believe in someone's abilities or qualities. But how do we know someone's abilities or qualities? How does anyone believe in mine? It's simply through actions. So the best way to drive and build confidence, whether we're looking to hone it or build a reputation for it or encourage people to have it in us is to drive action. Interestingly, many people think you need a lot of confidence to take bold action. I think the opposite is true. It's action. Just getting comfortable with it over time, doing more and better regularly, it's reps of action that drive confidence and that action and that confidence is what allows us to learn and grow.


I'm someone who wants to continue to learn and grow no matter how old I get, how many successes or challenges, how long I've been in a role or company, I want to get better. And you're here, so I know you do too. So the question is, what techniques or practices can help us cut through the challenges that are in our way to acting our way to confidence and growth? Many people believe some of the best actions are when we show up in tough times, and that's true, but it's almost easier to take bold action when things are hard. There aren't a lot of options. The more special muscle is the ability to coach ourselves, to be greater, to do more, to be better even when times are pretty good. And to recognize that complacency is a very real thing and we are all blinded by our own progress.


So one of the tools in my toolbox to drive action and confidence and growth is the ability to cut through that complacency. And I first learned this lesson from my mom when I was nine years old. My mom came to me and said, that's it. I'm done. We're leaving. And what she meant was we were leaving my father, my father was and is a very good man, but at the time he was an alcoholic and a terrible husband and father. So when my mom came to me at the age of nine, I didn't cry and I didn't get upset. I remember thinking, what took you so long? Finally, it's about time. So often there are people around us just waiting on us to take the action, to do the thing, to do the right thing.


And since then I've been inspired to have practices that drive action over and over little ones every day or bigger ones like what my mom did that day. We did leave my dad. My mom fed us on a meager food budget, worked multiple jobs for many years, and over the course of my young life, I got to see her day-to-day example, someone without resources, without a playbook. She had no coach. She had no one to mentor her through this experience. She just acted her way to growth and improvement over time. As a result of this childhood, I started working at a very young age. At 15, I worked in malls. At 17, I was a restaurant hostess. At 18, oh waitress. At 19, I began my leadership journey opening franchises around the world.


By the age of 26, I was an executive in a very large company, and while I had fantastic supervisors and managers who helped me through my career, I lacked some of that outside in perspective, the mentoring, the things that could help stretch me beyond my day-to-day job. So I started developing some self-coaching practices and one day I heard from a restaurant consultant that you should sometimes imagine someone else in your role to help motivate you to take action. So I started doing that and it helped. So I started thinking about people. I admired someone specific, and there was something about thinking of someone I admired that brought this element of additional capabilities and excellence.


It also made me feel a little accountable to act on whatever came to mind. And these practices evolved into today, what is the hot shot rule? The hot shot rule is simply this. It is the act regularly of thinking about my role, everything I have, the challenges, the opportunities envisioning someone I admire in my role, asking myself what's one thing that person I admire would do differently to make that situation better? Acting on it within 24 hours. And then that's not the last step telling those involved. Once things get put in motion, I say something like, Hey, I could have or should have done this thing, but I didn't and now we are, and so let's practice it.


So I think first of my role as a mother, I think of how I, can I be a better mom? I think of my role as daughter. I think of how can I be a better daughter and I envision someone I admire, but often, and we're here to talk about work. I think about my professional role. So I think about my role as CEO of Ag one, I have this incredible opportunity to be the leader of a phenomenal foundational nutrition company with millions of customers who rely on us to empower their health journeys and so many team members who rely on me to be my best, our customers and my team deserve for me to be the best over time, not comfortable because we've had multiple years of success, but always starting with that day one energy.


Then I envision someone I admire. So I just met all of you. I think of you now. I envision you in my seat tomorrow I'm gone and I'm just watching you in my role. And I ask, what's one thing in the first thing you would do differently to make the business better? And something comes to mind, something actionable. I take action on it within 24 hours. And then once it's in motion, I tell my team, practicing the hot shot rule over time has led to things like flying to meet a business partner, to hold them accountable. When I had made excuses for them or calling someone to apologize or acknowledge a situation I could have handled better or differently. It's led to me thinking about someone who has recently lost a parent or a loved one and envisioning them in my role.


And it's led to me just picking up the phone and calling my mom and saying, I love you and how are you? It's led to me saying thank you to my husband for GR being a great partner. It's also led to me stopping initiatives in the company that I was allowing to perpetuate because they, things were just comfortable, but they were no longer serving the business. So that's what the hot shot rule is, and you can use it as a technique in a time of need anytime, but it's power lies in it being a regular proactive practice. It used to be quarterly and then monthly, but now I practice it weekly. Every Sunday at 1:00 PM when my kids now five and seven used to have naps, RIP naps, I take just a minute for myself.


I envision my role, I envision someone I admire. I ask myself, what's one thing they would do differently in my role, the answer comes to mind. I send the email, I schedule the flight, I put it in motion, and then once it's in motion, I tell my team. And over a year of practicing this weekly, a few things will happen. One, there are 52 things you've done that you otherwise might not have done or done as quickly. It builds a reputation of vulnerability and bias for action. My team brings things to me now because they know I'm constantly calling myself out. This practice has changed my life and I believe it will change yours If you apply it. The idea of having a practice of reflection, intention, and action to drive growth, to show up and do something we otherwise wouldn't have to break through complacency or past patterns is a superpower.


So be like my mom, don't let patterns of the past get in the way of doing something different tomorrow. Ask questions that help motivate action and act your way into growth and confidence. Thank you. That was Kat Cole speaking at TED Next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Sica Song Maron.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Welcome to Peloton where you don't just keep pace with the changes of life. You are running rings around them. Whether you need to dig deep or rise above it, we've got your back, your upper body, your whole body, yeah, and even your mind. Take a deep breath in From home, the gym or the room without Windows at work. This is a workout you literally can't miss. And believe us with a Peloton tread bike and all access membership, you won't want to, whatever change the day brings, bring your best right back@onepeloton.com. Find your push, find your power Peloton.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny Shop now at Walmart.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.