
Instacart is on a mission to have you not leave the couch this basketball season because between the pre-game rituals and the post-game interviews, it can be difficult to find time for everything else. So let Instacart take care of your game day snacks or weekly restocks and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes because we hear it's bad luck to be hungry on game day. So download the Instacart app today and enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That. Hiring partner is LinkedIn jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod to post your job. For free terms and conditions apply


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course, If you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at Mint Mobile dot com slash switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms at Mint Mobile dot com.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. It's the start of the new year, and I'm sure I'm not alone in wanting to start the new year fresh with some new intentions or resolutions. So today we have actionable advice on how to actually follow through on those goals. It's from a 2020 archive talk from sociologist Christine Carter. I don't know about you, but when our family got the stay at home order in March of 2020, I came out of the gates pretty darn hot. Embrace not being so busy. I wrote Take this time at home to get into a new happiness habit.


That seems hilarious to me now. My pre coronavirus routines fell apart hard and fast. Some days I would realize at dinner time that not only had I not showered or gotten dressed that day, but I hadn't even brushed my teeth. Even though I've coached people for a very long time. In an effective science-based method of habit formation, I struggled. Truth be told, for the first few months of the pandemic, I more or less refuse to follow my own best advice. This is because I love to set ambitious goals.


Getting into a good little habit is just so much less exciting to me than embracing a big juicy audacious goal. Take exercise, for example. When the coronavirus hit, I optimistically embraced the idea that I could get back into running outside. I picked a half marathon to train for and spent a week or so meticulously devising a very detailed training plan. But then I actually only stuck to my ambitious training schedule for a few weeks. All that planning and preparation led only to a spectacular failure to exercise.


I skipped my training runs despite feeling like the importance of exercise and the good health that it brings has never been more bracingly clear. The truth is that our ability to follow through on our best intentions to get into a new habit like exercise or to change our behavior in any way really doesn't actually depend on the reasons we might do it or on the depth of our convictions that we should do. So it doesn't depend on our understanding of the benefits of our particular behavior or even on the strength of our willpower. It depends on our willingness to be bad at our desired behavior.


And I hate being bad at stuff. I am a go big or go home kind of a gal. I like being good at things and I quit exercising because I wasn't willing to be bad at it. Here's why we need to be willing to be bad. Being good requires that our effort and our motivation be in proportion to each other. The harder something is for us to do, the more motivation we need to do that thing. And you might have noticed, but motivation isn't something that we can always muster on command, whether we like it or not.


Motivation comes and motivation goes when motivation wanes. Plenty of research shows that we human beings tend to follow the law of the least effort, meaning we just do the easiest thing. New behaviors tend to require a lot of effort because change is really hard. To establish an exercise routine, I needed to let myself be kind of half-assed about it. I needed to stop trying to be an actual athlete. I started exercising again by running for only one minute at a time.


Every morning after I brush my teeth, I change outta my pajamas and walk out the door. My only goal to run for one full minute these days, usually I actually do run for 15 or 20 minutes, but on the days that I'm totally lacking in motivation or I just feel like I have no time, I still do that one minute. And this minimal effort always turns out to be way better than if I did nothing. Maybe you relate. Maybe you've also failed in one of your attempts to change yourself for the better. Perhaps you wanna use less plastic or meditate more or be a better anti-racist.


Maybe you wanna write a book or eat more leafy greens. I have great news for you you can do and be those things starting right now. The only requirement is that you stop trying to be so good. You'll need to abandon your grand plans at least temporarily. You'll need to consider doing something so minuscule that it would be better than not doing anything at all. So right now, ask yourself, how can you strip that thing that you have been meaning to do into something so easy?


You could do it every day with barely a thought. It might be eating one piece of lettuce on your sandwich at lunch or going for a one minute walk outside. Don't worry, you'll get to do more. This better than nothing. Behavior is not your ultimate goal. But for now, what could you do that is ridiculously easy that you can do even when nothing is going as planned, even though you ultimately might want to do more and be more, remember that we humans are often too tired and too stressed and too distracted to do the things that we really do intend to do and to be the people that we most intend to be on those days.


Our wildly ambitious behaviors really are better than nothing. A one minute meditation is relaxing and restful. A single leaf of romaine lettuce happens to have a half a gram of fiber and loads of nutrients. A one minute walk gets us outside and moving around, which our bodies really need. So try doing one better than nothing behavior. See how it goes. The goal, remember, is repetition, not high achievement. So let yourself be mediocre at whatever you're trying to do, but be mediocre every day. Take only one step, but take that step every day.


If you're better than nothing, habit doesn't actually seem better than doing nothing. Consider that you're getting started at something and that initiating a behavior is often the hardest part by getting started. We're establishing the neural pathway in our brain for a new habit, which makes it much more likely that will succeed with something more ambitious down the line. Why is this? Well, it's because once we hardwire habit into our brains, we can do it without thinking and therefore, without needing much willpower or effort, a better than nothing habit turns out to be incredibly easy to repeat again and again until it's on autopilot.


This is because we can do it even if we aren't motivated, even if we're tired, even if we have no time whatsoever. And once we start acting on autopilot, that's the golden moment that our habit can begin to expand organically. After only a few days of running for just one minute, I started feeling a real desire to keep on running. Not because I felt like I should be exercising more or because I felt like I needed to impress my neighbors or something, but because it felt more natural to keep running than it felt to stop.


Now, I of all people know that it can be incredibly tempting, especially for the overachievers among us. You know who you are to encourage ourselves to do more than our designated, better than nothing habit. So I must warn you the moment in which you are no longer willing to do something, unambitious is the moment in which you are risking everything. It's the moment you end up checking your phone instead of whatever it is that you intended to do. It's the moment in which you stay on the couch binge watching TikTok videos or Netflix.


The moment you think you should do more is the moment you introduce difficulty and force and negotiation with yourself. It's the moment you eliminate the possibility that it will be easy and even enjoyable. So that's also the moment that will require a lot more motivation. And if the motivation isn't there, failure will be. Fortunately. The whole idea behind the better Than Nothing Habit is that it doesn't depend on motivation, which we may or may not muster. It's not reliant on having a lot of energy.


You do not have to be good at this. You need only to be willing to do something that is wildly unambitious to do something that is just a smidge better than nothing. But again, don't do more. If you feel any form of resistance. I'm happy to report that after months of struggle, I am now a runner. I became one simply by allowing myself to be bad at it. You definitely could not call me an athlete. There are no half marathons in my future, but I am consistent.


To paraphrase the Dalai Lama, the goal is not to be better than other people, but rather to be better than our previous selves. And that I definitely am. When we abandon our grand plans and great ambitions in favor of taking that first step, we shift. And paradoxically, it's only in that tiny shift that our grand plans and great ambitions are truly born. Thank you. That was Christine Carter from TEDx Marin in 2020.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com's curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Alazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for


listening. Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply


Forever. Change the way you sleep with the softest 100% organic cotton sheets from Boland Branch, you'll fall asleep faster wrapped in the most luxurious comfort. You'll never sleep hot again. With sheets that feel airy and breathable, you'll experience the purest softness on night one and feel your sheets get even softer with every wash. Take 20% off your first set of sheets during Boland Branch's annual spring event@bolandbranch.com with code buttery limited time only exclusions apply Seaside. For details else,


This episode Is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.