
Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley, Smith Barney, LLC Member SIP E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder navigating your first audit or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year-end benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED Audio. That's VANT a.com/ TED audio for $1,000 off.


Hey folks, it's Mark Marin from f. It's Spring. A time of renewal, of rebirth, of reintroducing yourself to your fitness goals, and Peloton has what you need to get started. You can take a variety of on demand and live classes that last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour. There are thousands of Peloton members whose lives were changed by taking charge of their fitness routines. Now you can be one of them. Spring into action right now. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Why are there so many brilliant people across the globe and yet so few job opportunities to go around public policy? Professor Anna, a rude Krishna has spent his career tackling this question. He implores societies to do more to invest in its people regardless of their economic backgrounds. In his talk, he explains why developing talent ladders, as he calls it, may be the right way to give everyone a fair shot. So everything changed for me after I met Chandra about 15 years ago in a village in and Pradesh, India.


I was there with the research team. I went for a walk in the village. Suddenly I heard a shout from behind and turned around to see a young boy pushing himself forward with a big wooden stick. His right leg twisted by childhood polio. Chandra was then about 13 years old, studied in the eight standard in the village school, and his favorite subject he told me was Mathematics. Hmm, mathematics. I thought I know some mathematics. I pulled out my notebook and wrote three math questions for him very quickly and accurately.


He answered them. I wrote three more questions and then another three harder still. Each time he answered them deftly and correctly, and then with an impish grin, he flips the notebook around and writes three questions for me. I struggled with the first of his questions. His second question stumped me. Luckily for me, his father wandered in at that time and rescued me. I commented on the boy's mathematical brilliance and asked the father what he hoped the son would become.


To my surprise, he laughed, ha ha ha. He said he wants to be an engineer. Ha ha ha. Why do you laugh? I cried. No one around here has ever become an engineer. The father told me no one ever will be that shocked me. Over the next few days, I went around the 10 neighboring villages and asked about the positions people had achieved over the last 10 years. It turned out that the father was dead right? Not only had no one never become an engineer, no one had become an architect, an accountant, an airline pilot or anything better.


The highest positions were those of school teacher and local official. What was I doing in that village? I started my career in the Indian Administrative Service implementing development programs for the government. I learned a great deal, but after 15 years realized I needed to study more and went to Cornell University and later became a professor. Over the last 20 some years, I have done grassroots research in many different countries, but with the same basic question, why are people poor and how can they be given a fair deal?


I found many, many people like Chand Ru around the globe, individuals who have boundless talent, but little to no opportunity to discover it and realize their full potential. Bottom line, talent is everywhere, but not opportunity. Thousands, millions of talents routinely go undiscovered and unrewarded to make equality of opportunity a reality. And to achieve world class excellence, societies need to invest in talent ladders.


What is the talent ladder and how did I come upon the idea? It began with a random conversation in class. How could Jamaica, a small country of 3 million people, have produced such an impressive flow of world beating sprinters. How could Usan bolt, whose parents ran a village grocery store rise from there to world class competition? Why did his talents not go unrecognized and unrewarded like those of the thousands of individuals I had met in different countries?


To find out I went to Jamaica. The first thing I noticed was that not everybody is built like Usan bolt. There are tall Jamaicans and short ones, thin ones and fat ones, slow ones and fast ones as there are in other places. It's not about genetics or geography. What is special is the system they have developed which tags a fast Jamaican at a young age and takes her or him up the steps of a talent ladder and easy to access sequence of steps that begins at the grassroots and goes to the highest levels.


Every child can compete. Those who perform better, move higher up the ladder. But Jamaica is hardly alone in this regard. Once you look around, you see many other examples. Wrestlers in Ana, a small state in India, have won more international medals than any other kind of sports person. The talent ladder in this case begins with AKAs and academies at the grassroots. Those who do well in donals and competitions move up to higher level academies to government training centers, and to the pro wrestling league, a newish rung in this talent ladder.


Other examples of world class excellence and talent ladders that I have studied include marathon runners in Kenya, tech entrepreneurs in Estonia, writers in Nigeria, classical musicians from Sistema, which began in Venezuela and has spread around the world. Women, golf players from South Korea, hackers from North Korea. You probably know of other examples. Here's the key. They can support different kinds of endeavors, but at root, all talent ladders are built to the same core design principles.


The seven principles or seven pillars of talent ladders. First and foremost, open access with transparent and objective standards. Everyone has a realistic opportunity to participate. Barriers to entry are systematically removed in systema, for example, the grassroots music rooms or nucleus are set up in the poorest neighborhoods so that these children also can easily participate. Transparent and objective standards are required in parallel to weed out influence and nepotism.


In Jamaica, local athletics meets might be taking place on dirt tracks with many barefoot runners, but the timing equipment will be world class and that's the only thing that matters. Second biller unbroken ladder, all the steps in place. South Korea came from nowhere to capture women's golf by building a hierarchy of golf tours from the amateur to the intermediate to the international levels. It shouldn't be a broken ladder or a dangling ladder. Third pillar, role models.


Ethiopians used to be soccer mad and not a nation of runners until a baby Quila won the Olympic marathon in 1960 and again in 1964 and hundreds of young Ethiopians took to running. If he or she can do it, I can do it too. Role models motivate, inspire, show the way forward. Fourth pillar, soft landings. Not everyone who starts on a talent ladder is going to make it all the way to the top, but if the hundreds of others who plateau at intermediate levels are simply let go, that sends the wrong signal and demotivates new beginners.


In Jamaica, for example, elite runners in training are required to take university classes. Those who don't make it to champion runner have become sports journalists and administrators and therapists, et cetera. Fifth pillar society-wide project with multiple actors. Big role for civil society. Lots of volunteers in Estonia, the country's government, NGOs, tech startups, parents, teachers, ordinary citizens have all played big roles and the mix of roles has changed over time.


The system is protected by having multiple anchors. Sixth pillar mix of motivations. Yes, it's very competitive, but collaboration is equally important in Kenya, in the training groups that run together, one or two runners might be winning prize money at a particular time, but they are required to support the wellbeing of other runners in their group whilst knowing these are their future competitors. Seventh principle adaptation. The world doesn't stay still.


To remain world class, A system has to be adaptive. Building world class excellence requires talent. Ladders. Giving a fair deal to millions requires talent. Ladders forward-looking societies have started investing in building talent ladders. How do we implement the seven pillars? There are a few basic steps. Organize local competitions initially in a small number of grassroots locations, widely advertised. Open to all. Engage with multiple stakeholders.


Commit to at least three to five years. Kids who know the competition will be held year after year will train more seriously. Summer camps, year long mentoring for the high performers. Those who keep doing consistently well move up to higher and higher levels in the ladder. Others who reach only intermediate levels can exit with viable alternative careers. Learn from these pilots, refine and extend the model. It is possible, it is necessary. Imagine if a math ladder had existed in and Pradesh.


Where might Chand be now and how much better would India be performing at the International Math Olympiad? Thank you. That was Anna Rude Krishna at TEDx Gateway in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.


Welcome to Peloton where you don't just keep pace with the changes of life. You are running rings around them. Whether you need to dig deep or rise above it, we've got your back, your upper body, your whole body, yeah, and even your mind. Take a deep breath in From home, the gym or the room without Windows at work. This is a workout you literally can't miss. And believe us with the Peloton tread bike and all access membership, you won't want to, whatever change the day brings, bring your best right back@onepeloton.com. Find your push, find your Power Peloton.


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade for Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to a thousand dollars or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today at E-Trade dot com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley. Smith Barney, LLC Member Civic E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.