
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I think I can safely say that most of us don't want to work in places with poor company cultures, but how do we know what a workplace culture is going to be without experiencing it? First in her talk entrepreneur, Marion Campan offers a few tools to figure out whether a company is going to be the right fit before taking a job or not. after the break,


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Brooks Running. My friends at Brooks sent me the amazing new Ghost sixteens. I don't know about y'all, but having new shoes, especially really lightweight ones that I like, get me out there. It's like enough motivation just to have that soft cushioning. You can take your daily joy ride in these better than ever Ghost sixteens now with nitrogen infused DNA loft V three cushioning, so lightweight, so soft, it'll help you turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Visit Brooks Running dot com to learn more.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/sidedo.


And now our TED talk of the day. Imagine this, you've been applying to a ton of jobs for month and now finally, you're getting not just one but two job offers. Congratulations. It's time to celebrate it's great news, right? But after the celebration comes the time where you can ask yourself, how is it that you're going to choose between those two job offers? Some people are gonna tell you, just go for the salary. The higher the better, right? Others are gonna tell you no. Go for the title, the position, the higher, the better.


And others are gonna tell you, look for the mission, the kind of projects that you're gonna be working on. The more experience the better. Well, I suggest that you look at a completely different criteria. I suggest that you choose your next job based on the company culture. My name is Marian, or Better said, my name is Ion and I am passionate about corporate cultures. When I say my name, people can guess that I am French, and they usually wanna guess further. Where in France is she from? And there is a city that comes to their mind, the capital of love, Paris.


But I have to disappoint you as beautiful as Paris is. I come from an even better place, even more beautiful. So I don't come from Paris, I come from Tahiti. And Tahiti is this island in the middle of nowhere in the Pacific Ocean. And a lot of people dream of retiring there with a coconut in their hand by the beach. Well, I didn't wait for retirement. I actually spend my childhood there. And Tahiti's great, yes for the beaches and the coconuts, but the best thing in Tahiti, it's the diversity. Because you see Tahiti's an island with a bit of a melting pot culture. So if you're thinking about these two job positions that you have, and you're thinking about which one should you choose?


And if you're looking at corporate culture, you might find it hard to know from the outside what it is going to be like to work in that company. Most people think that it is impossible to know beforehand what a company culture is going to be like before you work there, right? How are you gonna know before you go to Japan, what the culture in Japan is really like? Well, I disagree with this, and in my sharing today, I would like to share with you two different ways for you to figure out what a company culture is gonna be like beforehand, because that's gonna avoid you signing a contract that you're gonna regret down the line. I think most people don't follow those two tips that I'm gonna share.


And the numbers show. Gallup has run a study on the state of workplace worldwide, and I've put the number for East Asia, and the numbers are dreadful. Overall. There is only 17% of people who are engaged in their work. That means about 80 are not. When people are not engaged, then they tend to wanna leave and go somewhere else. More than half of them wanna quit. And if they can't quit because maybe the marketplace is not that great, what happens is people are starting to be quiet, quitting. That means they're coming to work, but really they do the bare minimum not to get fired for employees and employers.


This is dreadful numbers, and I like to take those numbers and bring them to reality. What does that look like? Really? And I'll give you an example of a coaching client a couple of years ago who is a lawyer. Let's call her Juita. And Juita is an awesome lawyer. She's really great at what she does, but she didn't wanna end up in a law firm. She find it a bit boring. She wanted something more exciting and fancy. So she ended up in a startup. But after a few months, she just realized this is not the right fit here. You see, Janita really, really likes things done well. She likes to take her time and double check, but she's surrounded with entrepreneurs and starters, people who wanna go fast and break things.


So there were a lot of tensions between her and the rest of the team. So very quickly, after a few months, she just burnt out professionally. She was questioning herself as a lawyer. She was questioning herself as an individual. She was questioning herself, why is it that I can't fit in here? So we worked together and she moved to a more traditional workplace culture where she saw that people were behaving a little bit more like her and shared her work ethics. That's where she really thrived in her job. And this is what I wish to every single one of you, is to experience a place, an environment that brings not the worst but the best out of you.


And now back to the episode. So how are you gonna do that? Know that a place is gonna be good for you. Basically, you're asking me, how can I do to know that a thing is gonna be good before I experience it myself? Well, I think you're doing this on a daily basis. For instance, have you ever checked for a restaurant's rankings and comments before you go, you're checking. You're trying to see what it's gonna be like. Or maybe if you're doing groceries and you're looking for, I dunno, avocados, because you wanna do guacamole, how are you gonna select the right avocado for yourself? It's the same. So I would like to compare company cultures to avocados.


If, you have 10 avocados. How do you know which one is the right one? You're probably gonna take one and put some pressure on the skin, and you might feel that there is resistance maybe too much or too little, and that's how you're gonna judge. So today, what I would like to share with you are two tools. The first one for you to assess if a culture a company is gonna be the right fit for you, the first tool for you is to observe, observe, observe, observe. What do you observe where you observe the entire recruitment process? Because what happens in the recruitment process is companies are trying to show you their best side. They really wanna attract you.


They wanna get you, they're seducing you. So if there is some things that you don't like there, you're probably not gonna like afterwards either. Let me give you an example. If a company takes weeks to answer, answer to your emails or even book an interview with you, well that kind of culture is probably a bit slower than what you would expect. If that dynamicism is what you're looking for and you're like structures and companies that are more process oriented, that's the right culture. But if you're looking for a very entertaining, dynamic energetic workplace, that's probably too slow. You might wanna look for a company that responds in a matter of days or even hours.


Another example would be If. you have three people interviewing you and only one speaks, and the other two are silence. And you figure the one that is speaking is the boss. That culture is very hierarchical, and that's fine because it's not good or bad. It's not right or wrong, it just is. And you need to know whether you like that kind of culture and that fits you. Or If, you want a company culture that really is more flat and allows you to speak up and challenge the status quo. That's probably not the right kind of culture for you. So the first thing you can do is observe, observe, observe.


The second thing you can do is to ask questions. And so asking questions is really cool because that's when you have the avocado in your hand and you're putting pressure there. You know when they're asking you in an interview, Hey, we finished all the questions. Do you have any questions? Hell yeah, you have questions, you should have questions. And I'm gonna give you three questions that are gonna up your game when it comes to interviewing. This question starts with the first question, which focuses on the future potential that you have in that company and submit in your face. But the question is, what kind of people get promoted here that tells you?


If they tell you, well, nobody got promoted in last year. You know, you probably don't have a big future in that company, but if they say, oh, Alexy got promoted last month. Interesting. Alexy sounds like a really cool person. Tell me more about him there. You're asking follow up questions to discover more. Well, why is it that he was selected as the one being promoted? And then you listen to what they're telling you. If they say, well, you know, he was the boss's best friend, so he got promoted. Well, unless you're very close to the boss, you probably don't wanna join that company. But maybe they're gonna say other things like, you know, Alex is technically the best out of us, for instance, the best engineer in the team.


So we promoted him. Great. This company culture is about meritocracy. So if you're really good at your job, you're gonna get promoted. If they say, well, Alex C got promoted because he's been the longest here, he's the longest in the company. Alright, this company values loyalty, longevity, tenure in the company. What is it that you like? So for me, the best answer to this question, if I would apply for a job, would be Alexy got promoted because he's the best at his job. So he has the skill, he also is the best of us. We all look up to him. What that means is that he is a team player probably, and he represents the culture best, and we promote that.


And finally we're promoting him because he has the potential to be a great manager for me. These are red, these are green flags. Alright? So that's the first question to see, If, you have the potential to grow in this company and stay long term. The second question is very simple, but also tells a lot. And that question is, what are your core values? I'm gonna give you the red flags straight away. The red flag would be core values. What are you talking about? What is that? That's a company that has no idea about corporate culture. If they say, ah, yeah, we have core values, but I don't remember what they are, sorry, red flag.


Or if they say, yeah, yeah, we have a core value. Our core value is excellence, then you need to follow up with a question. Again, great excellence is a core value. Tell me about it. When was the last time that you have seen excellence around here? And a red flag is, I don't know, a green flag would be someone telling you, yeah, just last week we, we provided the best project so far for the, with the team, and we are all really proud of what we have produced. Okay, keep asking because then you know what the company culture is like. So that's the second question. And the third question is also tricky, but it's reminding you that there is no company culture that is perfect.


And from time to time, you will have conflicts, discussions that are a bit tough to have. And what you wanna know with this last question is how are the people in this company gonna deal with these challenges? How do people deal with one another? That last question is, tell me, when was the last time that you received feedback? Here again, a red flag would be never, well, that's, that's not good. If the company says, or the interviewer says, well, I received feedback once a year in a performance review, that's probably not enough.


But if they say we're providing and receiving feedback very regularly, almost daily, because we care about the growth of the people here and we trust that our colleagues can take feedback and that we're good enough to deliver it to them. Whoa, that's a green flag right there. Okay, so we've seen the three different questions. The first question is what kind of people get promoted here? The second question is, what are your core values? And the third question is, when was the last time that you got feedback here?


Now these questions are really important because you're kind of grilling your interviewer. And your interviewer could be a very junior interviewer up to the CEO of the company. That will tell you a lot as well of what the company culture is like. But so at some point you will have to realize that yes, the interview is important because it helps them select you as a future employee, but it's also helping you select them as a future employer. So the balance is reversed here. And what you need to bear in mind is the idea that it's not only about them here in you discovering more about what the core value and what the company is like, but also about you as a professional.


And you need to be very clear about what you want and what you expect from a company. So be very clear and define what should work look like, what should work feel like, and what should work? Be like If, you define this for yourself. If, you observe, observe, observe, and If. you ask the three questions that I have shared with you. I trust that you will be able to choose between those two job offers and decide which company you would like to join. And I also believe that you will be able to choose for yourself the most outstanding workplace culture.


Thank you,


TED Talks. Daily is brought to you by Progressive. Progressive helps you compare direct auto rates from a variety of companies so you can find a great one, even if it's not with them. Quote today@progressive.com to find a rate that works with your budget, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was entrepreneur Marion Campan speaking at TEDx NYU Shanghai in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PRX.