(1s):
TED Audio Collective, You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today's talk, well, I'm surprised we don't share more talks on this topic because it's about how to be a better public speaker and we at TED know some things about it. So for today, we're delighted to share a 2024 talk from speech writer Lawrence Bernstein, with tips to sharpen our skills the next time we speak in front of a group, whether it's a wedding, a class, or on stage, it's coming up after the break.

(45s):
Shop Dell Technologies' Cyber Monday event for their lowest prices of the year. The future is on sale today with limited time deals on select PCs like the XPS 16 that accelerate AI with Intel core ultra processors. Cyber Monday is their biggest sale of the year and the best time to upgrade, but it's only here for a limited time. Shop now at dell.com/deals. That's dell.com/deals.

(1m 16s):
Support comes from Zuckerman Spader through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters. Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com,

(1m 42s):
Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent and analytics all in one global people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more

(2m 14s):
Like TED Talks. You should check out the TED Radio hour with NPR. Stay tuned after this Talks, Odoo hear sneak peek of this week's episode And now our TED Talk of the day. I parked the car, I came out the car park and somebody immediately came up to me, asked me what I was up to, said she'd look after everything. And then she said, I hope it goes well. And I thought, I haven't really focused on going well what it actually means here today. And I guess if you're not feeling terribly positive, it means not forgetting what you're gonna say. It should be quite helpful. It means nobody laughing at you unless you're trying to tell a joke.

(2m 57s):
And it means not looking over and seeing people falling asleep looking at their phones or generally ignoring you. So I, and those are by the way, three of the biggest fears of people subconsciously when they're about to speak in public. So I'm gonna set my sights just a tiny bit higher than that and say that I would love it as the only thing you take away from this talk that next time you have to give a speech or a presentation or you're talking in a seminar or whatever it might be that you just remember two cups of coffee. And for the non-coffee drinkers amongst you, peppermint tea, even a beer is absolutely fine.

(3m 38s):
Because the sad truth is that however hard we work at, what we're gonna say, however much we learn the facts and the figures and all these things that a typical member of this audience tomorrow, this time tomorrow, I will be amazed If you remember more than one thing I've said or more than one thing that any of the other amazing speakers with their brilliant stories have said. 'cause we just live in such a phenomenally noisy, busy world. We've got WhatsApps and streams and apps and things to watch and things to do and things to learn. And we've got dates to go on and games to go to by this time tomorrow. These talks will be a distant, distant memory.

(4m 21s):
And it's extraordinary how our brains are relatively selective about what we remember. Now, this doesn't help, and I include myself in amongst this. This doesn't help the nervous public speaker. Now that fear is a real problem because it means that we approach our speeches already worried about how we're going to look and sound. And it's why often we do things that are a bit unlike us. Some people just start talking really, really quickly and they get through the content. They can't, they just can't stop. And other people freeze and they just stand absolutely still. And all the energy drains from them and they start to talk in a monotone isn't so great for being heard.

(5m 3s):
This is the fight or flight response. And it means that when we are under pressure and we feel that spotlight on us, we just start to behave in very unnatural ways. Now this is what comes where I come back to the cup of coffee. 'cause if after this I bump into one or two of you at the kid canteen, we have a chat and you ask me what I'm doing for the rest of the weekend. I hope If you had a football shirt on, I might say, I'm looking forward to watching a game on telly and I might give you the absolute highlight of what I'm up to. See if it connects, see how you react. I might say, God, I'm knackered after all that prep for TED. I'm going to, I'm gonna spend the rest of the weekend watching box sets on tv. What I probably wouldn't say is, thank you so much for asking that question.

(5m 48s):
I'm gonna break the weekend down into 12 points and I'm gonna talk through each 0.1 by one and break the weekend into segments. But before I do that, I'd like to, to introduce the concept of the weekend. And I'd like to talk about the weekend as a post-industrial concept. 'cause it didn't really exist before the industrial Revolution. If I talk like that, would you think of slightly, slightly unusual? And we to laugh about this stuff and I laugh about it a lot, but actually when we are under pressure, particularly in a professional situation or a student having to give a seminar that really matters, we start to talk in that way. Now lemme tell you about two jobs I've done relatively recently.

(6m 29s):
And I will keep the, the names and the places anonymous to protect the innocent. So a few months ago I went to another university campus where the human resources team had asked if I would help six of them develop their communication skills. And it was one of those days, sometimes people in these groups don't really want to go on a course. They're very busy. You can get quite a frosty reception 'cause people don't want any sense of criticism. But on this day, I turned up and the sun was shining and I arrived and the head of human resources came up to me phenomenally friendly. She did everything but hugged me. She offered me a drink, she took me inside. She told me a story about her. One of her kids had dropped ink all over her school uniform before she'd left that morning.

(7m 12s):
She made me feel completely at ease and, and I knew instantly it was gonna be a great day. And she introduced me to her colleagues and we all had a chat about worries and what we had to do when we spoke in public. And then I said, right guys, it's time to, it's time to do it. Let's each of you, you've got a minute or two to prepare, but could you for one minute Talks Odoo me about something important that's going on at work in the MO at the moment. And the other five will be your audience. And I will also pull out a camera and the camera is gonna film you just to put you under that little bit of of pressure. And I said, well call her Jane the head of hr. I said, Jane, would you like to go first? She said, no, not really. So I said, go on, you're the, you are the leader here, Jane.

(7m 54s):
And this is what happened to this charismatic woman. She said, well, there are a number of reasons we're here today and I'd really that the important thing is the LI use and I'm gonna talk about the the needs of L and what what they need. And she went on like this for a minute and at the end everyone gave her a little polite round of applause. And I turned to her colleagues and said, guys, what is an LIU? And I got some blank faces and said, Jane, what is an LIU? And she went, oh, it's a learning receptor unit. It. Now any, anyone know what a learning receptor unit is? Guys, you are all learning receptor units right now a learning receptor unit is somebody on a course or a delegate at a talk in the small print in the HR department of this place.

(8m 42s):
And what had happened is Jane had turned from this incredibly charismatic speaker having coffee with me beforehand, but she had failed a coffee shop test When she was under pressure, she started speaking like some sort of corporate robot. Now I get paid to do some very odd things. And a little before that I was asked by one of the big transport providers in the country if I'd go and sit in their boardroom where 30 very stern looking middle-aged people with laptops and notepads receive presentations of five minutes each from a bunch of very senior engineers. And each engineer is coming in to ask for money for a new project.

(9m 22s):
And this group has to decide, it's like the ams, like the gladiators, gladiators in the amphitheater. That means they get the money and they go on. And that means you have to go and find something else to do. The first guy call him Jim, wasn't his name. Jim walks in and he flusters around and he puts up a slide which has got notes and graphs and numbers and charts and God knows what else. And again, I'll paraphrase, but he stood there and just went, well, I'm gonna talk about the footbridge. We've gotta get through a number of, there's a, there's a number of reasons we need it. I'm gonna talk about the background. I'm gonna give you an introduction to the subject I'm gonna get. And he went on and on and with about four and a half minutes gone, he then said, and what really matters is the type of material we use to build the bridge.

(10m 12s):
And it was to versus beyond me at this point, but it was something steel or aluminum or ba or some, some choice. And then he finished and there was an intense debate for about two minutes amongst two of the team make the, the, the board of this organization about which type of metal would be better. And at the end of the session, they had a vote, poor old Jim, he'd asked for a million pounds to keep his team busy building this footbridge. And after the session had finished, I went down to their canteen. I spent a lot of time in coffee shops and I saw him sitting alone looking a bit miserable. And I said, mate, do you mind if I just have a quick chat about how it went? He said, why did you need the footbridge bill?

(10m 53s):
And he said, because it, there's a junction on a bend near this very, very busy transport system. And it sits between the housing estate and the local school. And every morning our CCTV catches kids sprinting across the junction trying to get to school because they haven't got time to go up the road another half mile to go over the footbridge that's already there. And we reckon in the last couple of months, three kids have almost died. They've been inches away from dying and this footbridge would've saved their lives. And I said, why didn't you tell them that? He said, oh, but you have to be more professional than that. You have to go through all the detail. And this board clearly didn't have a clue that this was the reason.

(11m 37s):
And they turned down something on the base of the material he would've used for a footbridge. And they weren't even engineers rather than the need to save children's lives again, he'd failed the coffee shop test. And ultimately, the more pressure we are under and the higher the stakes are, be they your friend's, 21st birthday party, be their job interview where you're speaking to a panel, be their TED Talk, where you've been planning to get your great idea over to the world for years and years and years. You've got to appeal to people's human side. And what we do in a coffee shop completely, naturally is we think about our audience and we are relevant to them and to their needs.

(12m 20s):
We think entirely about using, we don't even think about using our natural charisma because it happens. We just appeal to their better nature and we tell, we, we tell them things they think they will enjoy. And that starts with stories. Even the most complicated subjects come to life when we tell a story. And I'm sure recently all of you're aware of the post office scandal that's gone on in the uk. Everyone know what I'm talking about? And the horizon software that has ruined the lives of people who were working honestly in post offices, these subpostmasters you think this was news, but actually this has been going on for 20 years.

(12m 60s):
And you know, I like to try and keep up with current affairs, but I couldn't miss this thing as being in private eye. It's been in Sunday newspapers, it's gone through the high courts, it's been inside the papers, but always on a very technical, mathematical, legal basis. All that's happened in the last two months is there was a TV show about it, but the TV show didn't focus on the facts and the figures at the beginning anyway. It focused on people, an emotional connection to those people. And we saw how these lives through storytelling had been completely and utterly transformed. And within weeks, the Prime Minister is promising hundreds of millions of pounds of compensation without even having a vote in parliament.

(13m 41s):
That is the power of storytelling. And now back to the episode. Now I'm not saying the detail doesn't matter, and some of you, I'm sure are doing the most phenomenally complex academic subjects that you're gonna need to talk about as you graduate and go into careers. But still, the way you would describe that subject to a friend over a coffee is a brilliant way to introduce it to a more, an audience who may need you to give them a lot of information, but still need to be hooked in, in this busy world where they are so easily distracted.

(14m 21s):
And the coffee shop thing continues again and again and again. It's a benchmark for everything. When we Talks, Odoo our friends, we look at the benefits of a problem rather than its features. So I went to the GP sometime ago, I'd had a tummy ache, they'd been going on for days and I just began to get a bit worried about it. And the GP does what GPS do, prodded around and ask me questions. He's a little bit mucky and then typed some stuff into his computer and then looked at me and said, Mr. Bernstein, I think you've got a problem with electrolytes and pathogenic bacteria. And I can promise you I I, my sort of mild state of worry turned into complete panic. And the, I can remember the hairs on the back of my neck stood.

(15m 2s):
I thought, oh my God, this is it. I'm, I'm finished. And I said, what does that mean? And he said, well, I think it's food related. And I said, well, I'm not gonna die of food poison. He said, no, no, no, I think you'll be fine by the weekend. Now what he had done is used his technical knowledge to give me the facts before he'd actually explained the context and the benefit to me. And had he gone about it the other way and said, Mr. Bernstein, you can be absolutely fine. I think it's food related. I would've said, well, what is it? And he would've told me all about his electrolytes and I would've been fascinated. But in a coffee shop, the first thing you ask your friend is how they are. And they will either say they're great or they're not so great. They won't go into the technical medical detail. And if they are, you probably wouldn't be having a coffee with them in the first place. The other thing we do when we go into a coffee shop is we talk about our key message.

(15m 46s):
We talk about the subject. We don't leave it until, you know, 10 minutes before we're due to leave. We let them know it that we're gonna talk about the match. Or we ask them if they saw the TV show or we ask how their date went last night before we get into the mu minutia of what they might have worn or you know, what they had for their starter. Again, we get to the key message, and in my case, the key message is simply that we waste too much time worrying about the symptoms of public speaking worry, which are things like shaking and breathing too quickly. And we, we, we try and cure those when in fact they're not the problem. It's a bit like going to the doctor when you've got hay fever and lots of sneezing and saying, can you help me?

(16m 28s):
And he said, yeah, yeah, get a softer tissue. It doesn't really stop you sneezing. What you want is the antihistamine. And for public speaking, the antihistamine is your content. And If you Talks Odoo a group of people the same way you would Talks Odoo a friend, you will find your natural charisma and energy comes to life. You'll start to move your hands without thinking about it. 'cause that's what you do when you're on the telephone to a friend. And you will find that instantly thinking about those cups of coffee will relax you and make you more confident next time you have to go and speak in public. Thank you very much.

(17m 5s):
OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest, evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner or discuss it with friends like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.

(17m 41s):
Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.

(18m 49s):
That was Lawrence Bernstein at TEDx Royal Holloway in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening On the TED Radio hour. Don't you hate it when leftover cilantro rots in your fridge.

(19m 30s):
I Have to tell you, cilantro is like my nemesis. Food waste expert, Dana Gunder says that's just a hint of a massive global problem. Food waste has about five times the greenhouse gas footprint of the entire aviation industry Ideas about wasting less food. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. Listen and subscribe to the TED Radio Hour wherever you get your podcasts. PRX.