
Hey, TED Talks Daily listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you, our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases and that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit apple.co/card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility, savings, and Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC, ger Moore at Apple Card dot com.


This episode is sponsored by monday.com. Let's face it, work today moves fast, but monday.com is here to help with their work management product, which enables you to reach your full potential. It's built for more than just marketing teams. It connects entire organizations to gain full visibility, make better decisions, and bridge the gap between strategy and execution. The platform gives you real time insights into campaigns, content and projects, so you can see what's working, shift gears when needed and make data backed decisions without the guesswork. You'll go from being reactive to strategic plus with built-in AI capabilities. Monday Work management helps your team work smarter, not harder. Maximize your marketing impact with the first work product you and your team will love to use. Visit us@monday.com to learn more.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I'm excited to tell you about a company revolutionizing home security. I am now using SimpliSafe and I'm so impressed by their active guard outdoor protection that uses AI powered cameras and real human agents to monitor what's happening outside my home rather than reacting after something's gone wrong. SimpliSafe steps in. If something looks off it's security that thinks ahead. It's peace of mind that's become part of my daily rhythm. Arming my system each night knowing my home is protected. And you can try it this summer too with a 60 day money back guarantee. No contracts, no cancellation fees, just reliable protection starting at around a dollar a day. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplisafe.com. TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We are on a tight timeline as a planet to reach net zero emissions by 2050. And one aspect of the transition to renewables that doesn't get talked about enough are the raw materials in the supply chain that the transition requires. Climate strategist, Marielle Remillard pushes for planning and business innovation in crucial areas in order to meet our climate goals. Do we have what it takes to reach net zero? I don't mean this in a philosophical way.


Does humanity have sufficient grit and creativity? Do we have the political will? I mean, quite literally, do we have enough stuff, cement, steel, glass nuts, bolts needed to achieve net zero? Because this is no small undertaking. Over the next 30 years, we're going to need to build 42 billion solar panels, 1.3 million wind turbines, 476 nuclear reactors, establish a hydrogen economy, overhaul our electrical grid, and transform our transportation networks. This is a lot of money and a lot of labor. Yes, but it's also just a lot of stuff.


So as governments set increasingly ambitious policy targets and businesses overhaul their operations, whether by carrots or sticks, we can't forget a fundamental question. Is it even feasible? I've been working on climate and sustainability topics my entire career. I started as a policy advocate and activist lobbying for stronger policy interventions and later as a scientist and an engineer, only to come to the conclusion that those industries, while very important move so slowly, I'm not a very patient person and climate change demands urgent action. So I made my switch to the business sector where we have both the resources and the agility to affect climate change on the necessary timescales among the highlights of my career has been working at the BCG Henderson Institute BCGs think tank.


There. Our research team studies how to increase the speed and scale of the energy transition by looking at the transition economy as a system. Underpinning our research is this idea that it's not just one sector that's going to need to transform, but all of them, you know, it's not just wind or automotive industries. These sectors are transforming in parallel and we need to look at this holistically. So let me give you an example. If we wanted to answer this question, can we achieve net zero? Do we have enough stuff for just the winds sector? Classically, you might approach this question by looking at all the materials you need to make a wind turbine and then comparing supply and demand.


And what you would see is that maybe through 2030 you'd see some scarcity in carbon fiber, possibly tur, but it's really unclear once you get to the bottom of the list, once we start factoring in the rest of the economy, the picture looks like this. There are 14 materials that would face scarcity in the wind energy supply chain through 2030 once we account for the full economy. I don't know about you, but I found these results staggering. It's exactly this type of perspective that we need to bring to policymakers to make informed decisions and to bring to investors so that they're investing in clean technologies that will actually have meaningful impact.


Now, you may be wondering, you know, isn't this just one scenario, right? There are many pathways that you could take to reach net zero, and in fact, there are hundreds of design choices that go into each of these individual technologies. So what happens if we start factoring in actual design choices? Our team wanted to do this. So we ran, hmm, a modest 6,000 experiments where we varied not only the amount of solar and wind in our net zero scenario, but individual design choices. So for our solar panels, we looked at whether they made were made from crystalline silicon or thin films, whether they were framed in aluminum, whether they had a glass backing and whether they were mounted on the roof or on the ground.


And we've varied similar parameters for the wind sector. What we found was that 45% of the materials needed to build solar and wind panels could face scarcity through 2030. Under every scenario we tested some of the materials we expected, right? Things like cobalt or rare earth metals have been in the news for a long time, but others were a lot more surprising. No one's talking about aluminum or carbon fiber. For every decarbonization pathway, the mix of technologies down to small design choices can sway our ability to achieve net zero. And for businesses, what this necessarily means is that they're going to look for substitutes as they try and overcome these scarcities, but those substitutes and those transformations can lead to more scarcity.


So okay, we can do a thought experiment. Say we had a scarcity in carbon fiber. It's used to strengthen the wind turbine blades. A logical substitute here is fiberglass. The fiberglass market is quite large. It could easily absorb additional demand coming from the wind sector. But to make fiberglass, you need boron. And boron is becoming increasingly used throughout the energy transition. It goes into rare earth magnets that are used in EVs and wind turbines. It goes into boron steel. In the automotive industry, it goes into boro, silicate glass in certain types of solar applications. So as we increase demand for fiberglass, we may put strain on boron supplies.


So maybe we just increase the supplies. Well, as it would turn out, there's only a few countries that mine boron. 73% of known reserves exist in Turkey. And to open a new mine, that's a 20 year process. So yeah, we could replace carbon fiber with fiberglass, but it could have implications for the entire economy. And this is just one material for all of these technologies. There's hundreds, maybe even thousands of components to consider. So I could give you another example, right?


So if the wind example didn't resonate, we could talk about lithium ion batteries. They're skyrocketing in demand driven by electric vehicles and grid scale storage. The anode material that goes into lithium ion battery is typically graphite. We would pretty much need to double graphite supplies by 2030 to achieve net zero. The graphite anode supply chain is dominated by China. They control a hundred percent of battery grade graphite. So there are a lot of people looking to expand supplies of graphite, but there's also substitutions that are under research. Scientists are exploring the alternative of using silicon as an anode material.


But this not only creates a new opportunity for silicon producers, but could put pressure in semiconductor and solar panel industries. Okay, thrown a lot at you. So just to check that you're following, achieving net zero is going to take a lot of stuff. That stuff is going to increase our demand could lead to scarcity and businesses will respond through substitution. But there's one more thing. I'm not sure you caught. Somebody's going to get rich that somebody could be you. For businesses big and small, the energy transition creates the single largest industrial growth opportunity.


Since the Industrial Revolution, the energy sector that was once dominated by two fuels is now experiencing fierce competition among a broader range of climate technologies. The materials and components that go into these could gain a share in a trillion dollar energy economy. And it's not just rare earth metals and clean tech. We're talking about commodities. I mentioned aluminum a little bit earlier. This is an industry that has been stagnant since the 1980s, but if we take our approach to net zero seriously, they will see a boon in their industry.


It's used in solar panel mounting hardware and frames. It's used in conductors for the electric grid. It's used to lightweight electric vehicles. It can also replace other scarce materials like copper, thereby seeing increased demand through substitution. And it's not just aluminum. We're seeing this trend for certain grades of steel, for silver, for epoxy resin. There's also opportunities that exist by entering new markets. So we could say for an example, perhaps you are a manufacturer of automotive parts. You may think that the electric vehicle industry is gonna be the death of your industry.


But the same skills and labor that go into manufacturing parts for a gas car translate incredibly well to the wind energy sector where wind turbines require thousands of mechanical parts. Getting a foothold in that supply chain could diversify your product portfolio and lead to new revenue opportunities. Or say you make lubricant, there's an opportunity for you too. There's two drive trains that are common in wind turbines. One uses magnets that are becoming increasingly rare, and one is mechanical design. As rare earth magnets become more scarce, the industry will likely shift to mechanical alternatives, which will need more lubricant.


We'll also see an expansion in infrastructure. The offshore wind industry is going to need ports that can store enormous components. It's going to need ships that can erect skyscraper sized wind turbines in the ocean. Those ships are gonna need new engines that can burn alternative fuels like methanol and ammonia. In fact, ammonia demand is expected to double through 2030 and triple by 2050. That extra ammonia is going to need storage. So if you're a chemical storage tank producer, this is an opportunity for you two. And I haven't even touched the surface on the finance sector, the education sector, construction logistics services that are all going to experience increased opportunities as we achieve net zero.


Now, I think it's important to take a pause here to note I'm not advocating for more consumption on our pathway to net zero. And I think it's really important to acknowledge that clean technologies can come with our own environmental and social costs. We're going to need to be really thoughtful about how we do this. But these opportunities can also lead to innovations in new and different ways, right? Better processes, better use, and recycling of materials. The LED light bulb is a really good example here. This is a technology that reduces our energy use, but also saves consumers money and uses a fraction of the materials that go into A CFL or an incandescent bulb.


Achieving net zero is not going to be easy. The timelines are incredibly tight and given the complexity involved, it's going to require collaboration from both the public and the private sectors. But this also provides an opportunity for innovation and for growth. I mentioned at the beginning of my talk that I am interested in the business sector. I really do believe that this is where we are going to see solutions to climate change happen. I want you to get rich and to innovate and to grow because this is how we reach the speed and scale we need to achieve the energy transition.


After all, someone has to make the stuff needed for net zero. So I'll leave you with one final question. What opportunities lie ahead? Thank you. That was Marielle Remillard speaking at TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Support for the show comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsy, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.


Hi guys, it's Hannah from Giggly Squad with somewhere around the corner. I wanted to tell you guys how I'm staying comfy and stylish. Lululemon is my secret weapon. There are plenty of copycats out there, but nothing compares to the Lululemon fabrics and fit. I've literally had my pair of Lululemon leggings since college and I'm outta college. I know I don't look it, but I am. The quality is next level. I especially love the Lululemon Align collection. It's made with this weightless, buttery, soft, lulu fabric that feels like next to nothing. It's so soft. Whether you're in a line pants, shorts, a bra tank, skirt, a dress, you get nonstop flexibility in every direction so you can stretch the summer limits, align even wick sweat. And as a sweaty girl, I love this. You know it's gonna be my best friend when I play tennis this summer. Shop the Align collection online@lululemon.com or your nearest Lululemon store. I.