
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host Elise Hugh. Just last month we experienced the hottest day ever on earth, the latest point in a warming trend that scientists have been sounding the alarm on for years. Brace yourselves because climate impact scholar Johan Stroms talk lays out how these hotter and hotter days fit into a larger pattern of climate change and its costs, but he's still optimistic about the situation and explains why after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time and instead I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner and so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit


and now our TED Talk of the day. We earth system scientists and climate scientists are getting seriously nervous. The planet is changing faster than we have expected. We are despite years of raising the alarm now seeing that the planet is actually in a situation where we underestimated risks, abrupt changes are occurring in a way that is way beyond the realistic expectations in science. 15 years back, I introduced the planetary boundary framework, the scientific framework with the nine earth system processes that determines the stability, the resilience, and the life support on planet Earth. 10 years back, the world signed the Paris Climate Agreement.


Almost five years back we entered the decisive decade where our choices will determine the future for all generations on planet earth. Where are we on this journey? Halfway into this decade, I will give you a scientific state of the Planet report, the most objective assessment that science can give today, and it starts here. We've reached 1.2 degrees Celsius of global mean surface temperature rise, the warmest temperature on earth over the past 100,000 years. We have just scratched on 1.5 degrees Celsius as an annual mean in 2023, but what worries us most is this. We are starting to see an acceleration of warming over the past 50 years, zero point 18 degrees Celsius per decade from 1970 to 2010, but then from 2014 onwards, it abruptly jumps up to zero point 26 per decade, and if we follow this path, we will crash through two degrees Celsius within 20 years and hit three degrees Celsius by the year 2100.


A disastrous outcome caused by US humans, but it's not only carbon dioxide, any parameter that matters for human wellbeing and our economies look the same linear change up until the 1950s. We go into the great acceleration and this is what we're seeing across over consumption of fresh water, the six max distinc of species over unifying our freshwater assistance with nitrogen and phosphorus, all of it undermining the stability of the planet as if this was not enough. We are seeing that this is now causing impacts across the entire economy.


We're seeing bigger and bigger invoices being sent by the earth system onto societies across the entire world in droughts, floods, heat waves, disease patterns, human reinforced storms scientifically attributed to human cause, climate change, 40 degrees Celsius of life-threatening heat across all continents occurring in 20 23 52 degrees Celsius hitting the over thousand who lost their lives at the Hodge pilgrimage in June in Mecca. Three times higher climate change risks now attributed to our cause of climate change, 2023 up to 12,000 deaths, 200 billion US dollars of costs just in the US up to a hundred billion US dollars.


This is seriously causing economic costs. We have scientifically in the past shown that this could cost a few percent of global GDP of the climate impacts caused by us. I can tell you that the latest scientific assessment is an 18% loss of GDP by 2050. If we now follow the current path, this is equivalent to 38 trillion US dollars of loss per year in 2050. It's starting to hurt both in human social costs and in economic costs, and this is happening at 1.2 degrees Celsius of global surface temperature rise, and we're following a pathway that takes us to 2.7 degrees Celsius in only 70 years and we've had a 10,000 year period where our civilizations have developed, where we've had an enormous privilege of a planet at 14 degrees Celsius plus minus 0.5 degrees Celsius.


That's the Holocene. Since we left the last Ice Age and If, you look 3 million years back, we never exceeded two degrees Celsius. That's the warmest temperature on earth during the entire quaternary, the coldest point minus five degrees Celsius ice age. I call this the corridor of life. Is it surprising that we, scientists are getting really, really nervous, but it's more, it's so much more than this. The first issue is buffering capacity. The second is the risk of crossing tipping points and both are moving in the wrong direction. Buffering capacity is the earth's system's ability to dampen shocks and stress, like for example, soaking up greenhouse gases in intact nature on land and in the ocean and so far Mother earth has been so forgiving.


53% of the carbon dioxide from fossil fuel burning and land system change have been soaked up by intact nature on land and in the ocean. The problem is we have more and more scientific evidence of cracks in this system. Let's start on land. Land absorbs 31% of the carbon dioxide from our greenhouse gas emissions. We have more and more scientific evidence across so much research that the Borough Forest and the Canada or the tempered mixed forest in Germany and Russia are starting to lose their carbon uptake capacity. Did you know that the latest science shows that the part of the Amazon rainforest planet Earth's richest biome on terrestrial land has already tipped over and is no longer carbon sink?


It is today a carbon source. It's no longer helping us, but as if that was not enough, what really worries us today is the ocean. The ocean absorbs 90% of the heat caused by human induced climate change. This is well understood, but what really worries us is the latest data on sea surface temperature across the ocean from 1980 until today. How gradually the ocean surface does get warmer and warmer, it's actually warming all the way down to 2000 meters depth. This is well understood in science. It's a deep concern. It's well represented in the climate models. We understand it. Then suddenly in 2023 something happens, temperatures just go completely off the charts, 0.4 degrees Celsius outside of the warmest temperature in previous years.


What's happening? We admittedly must be honest here, we do not know. El Nino is certainly partly to blame but cannot explain at all. 2024, it just continues. What is happening? We do not know, but the candidate number one is the energy imbalance caused by us humans. In one year alone, the heat equivalent to 300 times global electricity use is absorbed in the Earth's system, an ocean that is starting to lose resilience, an ocean that is at risk of releasing heat to the atmosphere and self amplifying. Warming, we do not know, but one thing is for certain the ocean is sounding the alarm reasons for concern.


Yes, And now back to the episode. We are now at a point where we are forced to ask the following question, are we at risk of pushing the planet out of the basin of attraction, the stability of the planet where we've been since we left the last ice age, the extraordinarily stable holocene state, and if we push ourselves outside, drifting away unstoppably towards a hot house earth where we get self amplified warming and losing life support on earth, what could take us there? Well, we know it. It is if we cross tipping points, big systems like the green and ice sheet, the overturning of heat in the North Atlantic, the coral reef reef systems, the Amazon rainforest are tipping element systems.


Push them too far and they will flip over from a desired state that helps us to a state that will self amplify in the wrong direction, going from cooling and dampening to self amplifying and warming a rainforest tips over to a savanna state. Now we have now mapped the 16 tipping element systems with a now scientifically catalog that regulates the climate system. These 16 and the five in the ground zero on planet earth in the Arctic are connected via cascades through the ocean, particularly via the Amoc, the Atlantic overturning of heat in the ocean all the way down to Antarctica. These are big biophysical systems that we all depend on, global commons for the stability of the planet.


The question is at what temperatures are they at risk of tipping from helping us to becoming self amplifying foes? Well, for the first time we have an attempt to answer that question. The following five of these 16 are likely to cross their tipping points already at 1.5 degrees Celsius, the green ice sheet, the Western Antarctic ice sheet, abrupt thawing of permafrost losing all tropical coral reef systems and collapse of the barren sea ice adjusted to ice sheets hold 10 meter sea level rise, which would be unstoppable on the long term. Now sure there's scientific uncertainty here, but there's one red thread in science for humanity and the scientific message and it's this.


The more we understand of the earth system, the higher is the risk, and here is the proof five IPCC assessments. Then the governmental panel on climate change, 30 years of scientific advancements, 30 years back, the risk was put at five degrees Celsius of tipping and coming down to current state of science. The risk is set at 1.5 to two degrees Celsius. We are in the midst of a danger zone today, but it can be even worse than that. Let's go to the Amazon basin again, the richest terrestrial ecosystem on land climate science estimates the risk of the Amazon rainforest tipping over irreversibly to a savanna at three to five degrees of global means.


Surface temperature rise a really high temperature, you know, unlikely even to be met over the next 70 years, but if we lose forest cover, the risk is that the system can tip already at 1.5 to two degrees Celsius if we lose more than 20 to 25% of forest cover, so that's a very dangerous combination. Where are we today? We are at 1.2 degrees Celsius, global bean surface temperature rise and 17% of deforestation. We are very close to a tipping point in the Amazon rainforest. Very close. What shall we do to avoid these unmanageable outcomes? Well, the IPCC is clear on the pathway to stay under 1.5 degrees Celsius to avoid crossing tipping points we need to operate to navigate within the global carbon budget.


That gives us a chance of holding 1.5. What remains for us is only 200 billion tons of carbon dioxide that we can continue knitting to have a 50% chance of holding 1.5. We emit today 40 billion tons of carbon dioxide per year, giving us five years at current rate of admission before we've consumed the budget. We are seriously running out of time and the pathway for a safe landing is also well studied and understood, bend the curve of emissions immediately and follow a path where we reduce emissions by at least 7% per year for a safe landing and a net zero world economy by 2050, but it's more than that.


We also know that even if we succeed with this, we have already loaded the atmosphere with so much greenhouse gases, with so much climate forcing that we inevitably face a period of overshoot, we must now be prepared for a very likely breaching of the 1.5 degrees Celsius planetary boundary on climate somewhere between 2030 and 2035 in five to 10 years time and then have at best a 30 40 year period of overshoot before we can come back to 1.5. By the end of this century, we would exceed with 0.1 to 0.3 degrees Celsius, the 1.5 limit meaning up to 1.8 degrees Celsius. What does this tell us?


Well, I can tell you there are two main messages. Message one, buckle up. We know for certain a hundred percent certainty that this means more droughts, more floods, more heat waves, more human reinforced storms, more disease during one generation's time, 2023, the warmest year on record will be looked back upon as a mild year. Message two. Why would the planet come back to 1.5 after overshoot? Well, the answer is very simple. The health of the planet must be kept intact.


We must continue having a planet that can absorb 50% of the carbon dioxide. We must have a planet that crosses no tipping points. We must have a planet that remains healthy and keeping heat intact in the ocean. That is why we need planetary boundaries. The planetary boundary framework that defines the nine earth system processes that regulates the stability and resilience of the entire planet. Climate, biodiversity, nitrogen, phosphorus, land, fresh water, air, pollutants, and chemicals. That is the challenge to summarize that there is no 1.5 degree Celsius delivery on the Paris Agreement by only phasing out fossil fuels.


We also need to come back into the safe operating space of the nature-based biodiversity, all the planetary boundaries of nature. This means the science is clear, the window is rapidly closing, but there is still some light in the window. We actually have evidence that we've reached a pivotal point, not only in terms of risk, but also in terms of opportunity to transform the world towards a safe and just future for humanity. Linear change is no longer an option. The only option is exponential change. We know that the only currency that matters is speed and scale. We also need to become stewards of the entire planet. We need to now recognize from local to global level that we're all so intertwined that we must govern the entire planet.


I know that is very daunting, but what choice do we have when on the line is the future of our children on planet earth and we have the solutions? We know that solving the planet crisis is not utopia, it's not fantasy. We have the solutions for a secure, stable future for humanity. What are those transformations? Well, we know them. It's a rapid transition away from fossil fuels. It is a transition towards circular business models. It is transitioning towards healthy diets from sustainable food systems, and it's not only halting loss of nature, it's also scaling the regeneration and restoration and marine systems, soils, forests, and wetlands.


We have solutions for all of these. Just take green energy, which today is cheaper than fossil fuel based energy. It's our choice that we're facing today. Now, I was nervous already in 2020 when we entered this decisive decade and had to cut global emissions by half by 2030. Halfway into this decade, the road is steeper than ever. It's steeper than ever. This is what really, really concerns us that we have a situation where we now need to move so fast, and I've been standing on stages like this so many times, sharing the dire scientific diagnostic, but still, I just told you that I do conclude that there is still some window open.


There is a light in the tunnel, and you may ask, what is it that makes me able to continue to be a realistic optimist in this situation? The most dire situation I must admit in my whole professional life. Well, actually, I promise this is an honest statement. There are so many positive items as well. The most important one in my mind is that we have ample evidence that citizens across the world, a majority of them care about nature and climate. They trust climate science, they're concerned about climate change and they want solutions. And the second key factor is that we have so much evidence today that the solutions are not only available, but if we implement them, we get a more healthy, stable, secure future with the jobs and the economies that can compete and provide livelihoods into the future.


This means, dear friends, that solving the planetary crisis is not only necessary, it is possible and we all win if we succeed. Thank you very much.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Progressive where drivers who saved by switching save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average 12 month savings with $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


That was Johann Strom speaking at Ted's Countdown, Bloomberg Green Festival in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines and that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PRX.