
Trust isn't just earned, it's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder, navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per yearend benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's vata.com/ TED audio for $1,000 off.


The sun is calling. Are you ready? From beach days to soccer plays, blue lizard Australian sunscreen helps protect your family skin so you can focus on the fun, not the sun with no fragrances, parabens, or phthalates. Our mineral sunscreen is designed for your sensitive skin and trusted by dermatologists, pediatricians and parents alike. Be fearless in the sun with blue Lizard, Australian Sunscreen. Shop now on amazon.com.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I wanna tell you about SimpliSafe, a company that's revolutionizing home security. What's fascinating about SimpliSafe is their approach to protection. Their active guard. Outdoor protection doesn't just react to break-ins, it aims to prevent them. With AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents, they can spot suspicious activity and intervene in real time. It's like having a vigilant security team watching over your home 24 7. SimpliSafe offers peace of mind without the hassle of long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Plus their monitoring plans start at just about a dollar a day, making advanced security accessible to more people. They offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back interested in learning more. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe, like simply safe.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise. Hugh. Minerals like nickel, copper and lithium are in increasing demand around the world. They are transition minerals, meaning they're necessary for environmentally friendly technologies like electric cars as we push to move away from oil and gas. But there is a dark side to this transition economy in HER 2024 talk. Indigenous innovator, Galina Angarova reminds us that indigenous communities around the world are at risk of being wiped out and presses governments and corporations to center justice and work with indigenous communities who know the land best.


A trusted elder once told me, pay your attention to your intention or other people's intentions. They may come in shiny packages and they can be reinventions of the same old. The same old is the century's old paradigm of take and extract. They do come in shiny packages, but the core of them stays the same extractive. So when we are paying attention to the intention, we ask ourselves a question, is it to take or is it to give?


Is it to extract or is it to regenerate? I come from the Abai clan of the Hirt nation of the Burred peoples where indigenous peoples in Siberia, on both sides of lake, which is the largest freshwater lake in the world. In many indigenous cultures, including mine, we're taught from very early childhood. Take only what you need. Leave something behind so it can regenerate itself and think seven generations ahead. That's what I learned from my grandmother today. Leading a global coalition to secure indigenous people's rights in the green economy, I'm led by these values.


They are core tenets of harmonious and truly sustainable living. So the idea of paying attention to the intention became all too real for me. In May, 2020, in Tamer Peninsula, in the Russian Arctic, a large fuel tank owned by the subsidiary of Nor Nickel, the largest producer of nickel raptured, it spilled 21,000 tons of diesel into the local waterways. It has become the worst environmental disaster in the history of the Arctic.


It also decimated the fishing and hunting grounds of many indigenous communities who call that place home. So a few months later, we heard the news that Elon Musk and Tesla are looking for new supply chains for nickel, and that was an opening for us to urge Tesla not to purchase nickel from nor nickel. Through a global campaign, we were able to establish a direct dialogue with a company and we quickly learned that they're not involved and do not plan to be involved in this new supply chain.


But through our efforts, Tesla now has an indigenous people's policy that requires all of their suppliers to respect indigenous people's rights. We're continue to work with Tesla to make sure that their new shiny indigenous people's rights policy is implemented throughout their supply chains. One lesson that came out of this experience is that we learned that end user companies like Tesla are more susceptible to indigenous people's rights, risk to the reputational risk, and that in turn can manifest in substantial financial losses.


But this one supply chain at just the tip of the iceberg nickel, along with other minerals, copper, cobalt, lithium or in increasing demand, and are categorized as transition minerals. They're used in variety of technologies including electric vehicles, batteries. They're touted as the ultimate climate change solution and are a huge part of this green energy transition. We quickly learned the scope of the problem. The newly released study by the University of Queensland states, 54% of all transition minerals are located either on or near indigenous people's lands and territories.


And this fact poses an existential threat to 467 million people, indigenous peoples who are the best stewards of their ecosystems and environments, but whose lives and livelihoods are completely dependent on their territories and lands. So since May, 2020, we encountered multiple stories of many communities currently impacted by mining for transition minerals, Russia, us, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, Indonesia, democratic Republic of Congo, and the list just goes on.


For example, in January, 2023, there was news that the largest deposit of rare earth minerals was found in Kiruna Village on Saami territories in Sweden. The Saami communities are already feeling the impacts of the existing iron ore mine on their reindeer herding grounds, but the proposition of new mines for the green technologies are going to completely wipe them out on the other side of the planet, the lithium triangle, Argentina, Bolivia, Chile, especially in the Atacama Desert, perhaps the driest place on earth, koya indigenous communities are competing for supplies of clean drinking water with the lithium mining industry, which is extremely water intensive.


So knowing what we know today, my question is are we going to center justice and achieve justice for all or are we going to replicate the same mistakes of the past? And I think we don't have to replicate the same mistakes. Indigenous peoples have long moved the landscape from victimhood to becoming the protagonists, the decision makers, the actors are of our own lives, of our own self-determined development. At the heart of this is our fundamental right to self-determination, which is expressed through the right to free, prior and informed consent at the heart of it.


Is that right to free prior and informed consent? It is. There are four principles of this, right? And those principles bring this right to life. They're all in the name free meaning without coercion and manipulation. Prior meaning before any decision about the development on indigenous people's lands and territories. Informed means full disclosure, investor reports, briefings, results of environmental, social and cultural impacts, assessment, reviews.


And when it comes to consent, it means that indigenous peoples have the right to say yes or no or maybe or yes with conditions. And it's not just a legal requirement, It's a way for all stakeholders to engage in a meaningful way. Policy, corporations, civil society, indigenous peoples, it's not about jumping to a yes, but it's not about being anti-development. The process is as important as the end result.


It's about treating people as equals. It's about approaching indigenous people's traditional governance systems and approaching them on equal footing. So we've worked with companies like Tesla and Ford to establish and adopt their indigenous people's policies that respect that, right? Important right to free prior and informed consent. But what it looks like in practice. And when a company like Ford, for example, works with a battery supplier and that battery supplier has to buy cobalt from a mining company, a mining company has to document and show that is has complied with all the standards, but also has meaningfully engaged with the community from whose lands and territories that cobalt is coming from.


And we want to do that with every auto maker around the world. But our ultimate goal is to fundamentally change the way governments and corporations engage with indigenous peoples. But technological fixes like electric vehicles are not a silver bullet. In fact, there are no silver bullet or solutions. They could be part of the solution, but they're not the solution. In fact, I think we have to question whether extraction is even needed. Whether you reuse and recycling could play a powerful role.


I do believe that we need a stack of many, many, many solutions. And even indigenous peoples don't offer every solution, but they offer the ones that center justice, equity, indigenous people's rights and wellbeing. I think most important solutions, however, come from communities. People who live in the land they know best. They are equipped with millennial, old traditional knowledge that they have inherited from their ancestors, from the times immemorial.


That's what they've been doing. That's what they're good at and that's what they're offering as an alternative solution to the extractive mindset of take, take and take, be part of the ecosystem, be a good neighbor, be a good relative to each other and other than human kin. I think that with all of the solutions in place, we can make a difference from communities in Nigeria, Columbia and Mexico, planting and restoring mango forests to communities in Ecuador, managing agroecological farms to communities in Alaska, experimenting with kilt production, all supporting indigenous livelihoods, but also massively absorbing CO2.


Again, with all of the solutions in place, we can have that cumulative impact that will determine the future of our species and the climate. But we have to be very careful with one-sided approaches. For example, solely and exclusively focusing on CO2 emissions or as we call the carbon tunnel approach. We have to look at the solutions in a holistic way, in, in a way that does not sacrifice indigenous peoples. So when I go back to my conversation with a trusted elder, the the question keeps coming up in my head, what is the intention?


Are we creating new, shiny things to give, to share, to love, and be of service to others? Or are we creating them to take extract and be of service to ourselves with the right intention? I think with the right intention rooted in reciprocity and care, I think we have a chance, but it's the mindset that will determine whether we survive or find ourselves on the brink of extinction.


Thank you. That was Galena Rova at TED Countdown's dilemma event in Brussels in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika Song Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Hey guys, it's Corey from Surviving Reality. Don't Miss Hulu's new original series. Got to Get Out. It's a reality competition series hosted by SMU Liu, where nine celebrities are locked in a mansion with 11 reality TV rookies all scheming on how to escape the estate and take home a million bucks. Got to get out, is stacked with reality royalty, including Spencer Pratt from the Hills, Kim zk Beerman, and Cynthia Bailey from Real Housewives Alma Rosa from The Apprentice, Susan Knowles and Demi Burnett from The Bachelor and More. All episodes of Got To Get Out are now streaming on Hulu.


Hey everyone, this is Corey and Carly, the host of the Surviving Sister Wives podcast. Sister Wives returns at last. And while the Browns have gone their own separate ways, that doesn't mean they're done with each other. Mary and Janelle form an unlikely alliance. Christine is off living in newly married bliss, and Cody and Robin are left wondering, can they be happy in a monogamous relationship? And after all the joy and drama, they hit the hot seat and answer the questions we've been begging to know. Sister Wives return Sunday at 10 on TLC.


Hey, it's Mark Marin from WTF here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. And I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it. Well choose Progressive's name your price tool, and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com. And now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Not available in all states.