
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. The effort to reach net zero emissions by 2050 is failing to acknowledge one key premise that one in every three individuals on the globe doesn't have access to any form of modern energy. To begin with, energy equity expert Sheila and Zi OCHA says, this blind spot is a failure of diversity and inclusion. A call for an energy transition where no one is left behind after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso, Justin wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for the show comes from Omaha. Welcome to Omaha where work and play meet where productivity meets the after party, where downtown convention space and hotels are within. Walking distance of 90 restaurants, pubs, and unique shops where locally made morning lattes. Meet five o'clock craft cocktails and where colleagues meet to explore the waterfront views in our 72 acre downtown urban Oasis, and where in 2027, a modern streetcar will take you to even more entertainment, restaurant and hotel options. Go to visit omaha.com/meetings to learn more.


AI is shaking things up and it's fascinating, confusing, and sometimes scary. Our new podcast, the TED AI Show, helps you understand what you need to know about AI and how it's changing our world. I'm your host, Bala sdu, a creative technologist and AI innovator, and I ask experts, artists, journalists, and beyond to guide us through the thrilling world of tech and how it's gonna affect the future of our health, art everyday lives, and so much more. Each episode will leave you more informed and with tools to help you understand how AI will change your future. Check out the TED AI show wherever you get your podcasts, and now our TED talk Of the day.


Today I'm honored to introduce you to Rhonda. Rhonda is a remarkable woman that I have had the privilege of getting to know. Rhonda is from Tamba Knda, which is a rural town in Senegal. Like me. Rhonda is a mother and has also been raised on a farm unlike me, and I suspect unlike all of you, Rhonda does not take her energy supply for granted. When Rhonda comes home after a hard day's work, she does not have the luxury of flipping a switch to turn the lights on in our house. The stove that Rhonda uses to cook meals for her family has not been seamlessly integrated into the design of her kitchen.


Instead, Rhonda spends up to 10 hours every week collecting firewood just to meet the basic needs of her family. When Rhonda and I were sharing stories about our children, I was disheartened to hear from her that the clinic at which she delivered her four daughters and her two sons had no electricity, and the midwife that attended to her had to use a kerosene lamp during her deliveries. Now, sadly, Rhonda's story is not unique. Rhonda's story mirrors the struggles of 2.4 billion people worldwide that are deprived of access to electricity and to clean cooking fuels.


This is what we refer to as energy poverty. Energy poverty results in the deaths of 3.2 million people every single year due to diseases caused by exposure to indoor air pollution that disproportionately impacts women and children. Now, what is also tragic is that after my 23 years of engagement in intergovernmental processes at the United Nations, I continue to battle with the fact that when we are not in the room, the harsh realities of women's energy poverty are simply not prioritized to the extent that they should be in the global political dialogue on sustainable development and on climate change, the mainstream narrative and visions a transition to net zero carbon emissions by 2050, largely driven by the deployment of large scale renewable energy.


This assumes that people already have access to energy and simply need to shift to cleaner and more sustainable alternatives. What it fails to acknowledge is that one in every three individuals on our planet do not have access to any form of modern energy. So the key challenge that we have, and the key question is why is it that we fail to prioritize women's energy poverty in developing countries and fail to recognize it for the global crisis that it is? This is a question, and this is an issue that I have been grappling with for a long time, and I've come to the realization that one of the key reasons is that the energy sector is male dominated and marginally representative of diverse and inclusive perspectives.


Now, why do I say this? Research from the International Energy Agency shows us that women account for only 15%, only 15% of the workforce in the energy sector. And when it comes to leadership positions, women such as myself that is women of color are few and far between. We also know that gender blind energy policies also contribute to the failure of the prevailing narrative to recognize that it's women like Rhonda that are the cornerstones and the agents of change to abolishing energy poverty.


And now back to the episode. But here's the good news. A revolution is already underway, and this is a revolution that has been spearheaded by women grassroots organizations. These are women grassroots organizations that are being disruptive and are stepping up to lead the way from the current crisis to a sustainable energy future that is more possible and even closer than many of us realize. These women grassroots organizations embrace an approach that is referred to as leaving no one behind that prioritizes universal access to reliable, affordable, sustainable energy as essential for livelihoods, for adaptation to climate change and for building resilience.


Now, what does this mean In practice? These initiatives are empowering women smallholder farmers like Rhonda, with decentralized renewable energy technologies. These are technologies such as solar water pumps, mini grids, clean cooking technologies that are equipping millions of women that, by the way, produce 80% of the food in developing countries with clean energy to irrigate their crops, to process their farm produce to power agriculture equipment, while at the same time enabling them to adapt to climate change crisises, such as water shortages, and also reduce their reliance on expensive diesel generators.


Now, I'm immensely proud to say and to share with you that only in less than 10 years, an example of three women led organizations. That is energy. In my organizations solicitor Frontier Markets have supported a cohort of 42,000 women entrepreneurs that are operating in underserved markets where commercial distribution networks are inadequate. These women entrepreneurs have already fueled their local economies in their communities by providing renewable energy services to over 21 million consumers.


Now, this is testament to the real time impact and the tangible results that are achievable when women organizations take the lead For us at energy addressing this crisis and this challenge goes beyond providing energy services. A game changer for us has been convening the grassroots women that we collaborate with inter associations. One rural woman standing alone has limited opportunity to change policies, but forming a group of 200 women, who, by the way are voters, leverages the collective agency to engage in the former economy, but also to be present in energy decision making spaces that were previously close to them.


Together, this group of women can articulate their own issues, they can articulate their own demands, they can advocate for themselves, and they can even influence the political landscape, fostering national policies and regulations that champion gender equality. Now, in order to scale up these transformative impacts, new pathways of financial support, that direct intentional investments, intentional investments to grassroots women's organizations are absolutely necessary. It is a scandal that currently only 6% of climate finance for energy goes to address energy poverty.


I'm going to pause there and let that sink in. Only 6% of climate finance goes to address this global crisis of energy poverty and a mere 9% of climate sector development finance is tagged for gender equality. Is this really the best that we can do to engage women in the energy sector? My response is a clear no. Now, I'd like to ask you to join me and imagine with me a transformative energy transition that measures success not only by the supply of energy units, but rather by the significant strides that we make on gender equality and social justice.


The energy future that we should all be moving towards is one that calls us to be collectively responsible for ending energy poverty. It is about providing women from developing countries with the opportunities to claim their power as leaders, as drivers of a just and inclusive energy transition. For me, the call to action is clear. Let us all be the architects of change, shaping a future where no one is left in the dark, and where women are in the forefront of a brighter, more sustainable world.


Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Beloved sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge, so remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Sheila Ngozi OCHA from TED Women in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PRX.