
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you fresh ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host Elise Hugh Indonesia with its some 17,000 islands is one of the luscious and most fertile places in the world. And yet all the healthy, nutritious food that has grown there doesn't get to the people who can consume it or even benefit the farmers that grow it. In her 2024 talk, edible entrepreneur, he Hillman explains how prioritizing food biodiversity is healthier for people and the planet, and not just for Indonesians, but all around the world after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDI C.


Hi, I'm Sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now the from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it The most


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters. Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial, when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com,


A random influencer, a friend who read something somewhere, your doctor, it can be hard to know where to get trusted health information. TED Health is a podcast that will help you focus on the stuff that you actually need to know to live your healthiest life. I'm Dr. Shoshana Ungerer, a practicing internist, and I share weekly TED Talks from certified health experts that break down the questions. You're always getting different answers to get the science backed ideas for a healthier you with TED Health, wherever you get your podcasts. And now our TED talk of the day, Indonesia does not have a food crisis.


What we have is actually a food policy crisis. We have the answer actually in our food biodiversity. We have over 1,200 grains, over 600 edible roots, not to mention more than 550 fruits and 1600 seafood and many more. And we can find all these food sources in different landscape. So Indonesia has a very diverse landscape. We have over 17,000 islands across the archipelago from sea to the mountain, including rainforest, mangrove area, Piland area, Eland area. You know, everything is there. So actually there is no need for one fits all diet because each of these landscape have their own food sources for a lot of indigenous community.


This landscape, our supermarket without bills. So I started Java 15 years ago with the mission of bringing back forgotten food biodiversity to help indigenous and small holder food bombers to improve their lives while also providing consumers with healthier diets with products that are also ecological. So of course I got to travel across Indonesia spending time with indigenous community and to my surprise, places that are so remote and not even touched by the government policy. Food policy programs are well fed and healthy. Yes, they may not have much gas, but they are no lacking of healthy, nutritious food as long as the natural environment is not being destroyed.


So let's look into the carb diversity that we have. We have grains, we have edible roots, we have fruit base. We even have three trunk. So, and know all of this are gluten free. So another example is on our sugar diversity. We have at least four native food trees, including coconut for the lowland and coastal area, Oranga tree. In the forest area, we have Eland with the lon and PA or palmilla sugar. And then we have NPA in the wetland. But by the way, NIPA also produce salt, how bizarre it is.


The same plant produce sugar and salt, and every single of these sugar are low gmic providing slow release energy, and they are very sustainable. They can easily be productive at least for another 50 years. Yet the government decided to come up with massive food estate on sugar king plantation. So let's deep dive into an example of OI or gr yum. OI can be fine in the wild easily. Domesticate can grow under the shed of the tree and it can easily, you get over 40 kilos each harvest.


So this is the type of staple food, which you don't need to destroy the forest. You don't need to poison our soil. And basically you don't even need to introduce new type of crop. Unfortunately, the government, the policy for over 40 kids choose to ignore our food biodiversity. And instead, monoculture of rice prevails. Over 98% of Indonesians are consuming rice right now. Let's compare with 1954, where actually it was only 53%. The rest was based on cafa, corn, sgu, and other edible roots. So I have to say this is embarrassing.


And the same time very frustrating that a country like Indonesia where the food are abundant, we have such high rate on stunting and malnutrition, not to mention the affect, the impact of our food policy towards deforestation, land degradation, climate change, natural assessor, impoverishment of our, of our farmers, and also poor diet among the population. And now back to the episode, We do have a vision actually on how the policy should be. We need to shift from monoculture to food biodiversity.


We need to revive back the heritage food that actually can provide good nutrition for all, while also keeping intact the nature. It is time for us to give a center stage for the food biodiversity to be able to find the solutions that we needed. This is an example of a small village in Central Jaffa, which decided to embark on a journey to notify its community, making sure that every household have a food garden, cultivating chicken, fish, vegetables, fruits, herbs. And this is interesting because once they did that, they can reduce their grocery cost by 30%, improving their household income by 20%, increased class attendance, and also improving the student grades.


So nutrition matters. Feeding the nation is one thing, but notifying the community goes a very long way. So children is our future. It is also time for the food policy to also include food culture, education into our curriculum, teaching our children about where their food comes from, what are the food bio available around them to embrace their food culture identity, to understand the nutrition that they have and how our food relates with the sustainability. So, so basically, if we can shift the policy to include the food biodiversity, we can provide nutrition, good nutrition for all.


Without jeopardizing our nature, it is time for us to invest more on food biodiversity, on the mainstreaming of food biodiversity as one of a practical, inclusive solutions for the fu, for the future of our food. Not only that, we have a food policy crisis, we also have a food identity crisis. For decades, we have been ripped off from our relationship to culture and nature. We have to help the people to go through this crisis of identity, allowing them to understand the importance of heritage food to become the answer, and also to understand that it is the foot of the future, rebranding it, making it sexy and hype so that it is no longer perceived as a poor man diet.


Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever find yourself playing the budgeting game? Well with the name your price tool. From Progressive, you can find options that fit your budget and potentially lower your bills. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law, not available in all states.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones, or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Hele Hillman recorded for Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.