
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates. As of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Here's a wake up call right now. Your liver is filtering everything from fast food to fancy drinks, but there's a game changer that 3.5 million people are talking about. It's called Liver md. 80% of Liver MD users saw significant improvements in their liver test results, plus better energy digestion and less bloating backed by clinical research and trusted by health professionals. Physician Formulated Liver MD takes liver care to the next level with seven clinically studied ingredients at their clinically effective dosages for real powerful results from happy hours to heavy meals and everyday environmental toxins. Your liver's keeping score. Time to flip the script with Liver md. Feel the difference in 90 days or it's free. Visit one md.org and use code TED Talks to save 15% on your first order.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


You're Listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hume. People living across the South Pacific in island nations like Polynesia and Micronesia make up less than 1% of global greenhouse gas emissions, and yet they are among the most vulnerable to the threat of climate change. But climate justice advocate, Fenton Lutah doesn't want to feed into the narrative that they are only victims of the climate crisis waiting to be saved In his 2024 talk. Fenton, a Fiji native himself shares the importance of using community-led storytelling to break stereotypes of victimhood.


Long ago when I was maybe 10 or 11 years old, I remember my grandfather took me out fishing. We were standing out by the ocean on some rocks and my PA had a spear In his hand and a smile In his eyes waiting for dinner to swim by. To pass the time my P would tell me stories about his old people that day, he told me that we come from a long line of boat builders and fisher folk and that the ocean would always be kind to us. This is my past's truth. His story and his story was what put food on the table for my mother and her siblings growing up.


The stories that I was surrounded by taught me that I was linked to the ocean and that the ocean was linked to me. Over the years as I've come to learn about a warming ocean, sea level rise and runaway climate impacts, I've realized that the very same thing that had nourished my family for generations could now potentially destroy us. This realization has shaped my dedication to building out a truly Pacifica led climate movement, aka. My name is Fenton UA and I'm from the Fiji Islands.


Today I have the absolute privilege to be able to Talks Odoo you about the Pacific Climate Warriors. The Pacific Climate Warriors are an incredible network of young Pacifica people from across the Pacific region and in diaspora communities in Australia out there and New Zealand and the United States. The Pacific Climate Warriors and the communities that they represent contribute less than 1% to global greenhouse gas emissions. Yet they are among the most vulnerable to the threats of the climate crisis. Our story as a Pacific Climate Warriors began over a decade ago at the Youth Climate Conference, the global power shift in bull techie.


It was there that we realized that the only stories folks from outside the Pacific knew about our people was that we were mere victims to this climate crisis waiting to be saved from our drowning islands. This was of course untrue. Collectively. Right then and there, we decided to break this trend in climate storytelling and instead of only focusing on climate impacts in the Pacific, also show the world what we were doing to fight. We are not drowning, We are fighting, became our slogan, our mantra.


The shared identity of the Pacific Climate Warriors was born and less than a year later at the largest coal production port in the world in Newcastle Australia. We paddled out in our traditionally built handmade canoes and blockaded that coal port for a day. In a first of its kind demonstration of that magnitude, we were able to break this victim narrative and build one that reflected the full dignity of our people in the face of this climate crisis. We refused to just be the canary in the coal mines ready to be sacrificed for the valuable lessons.


We knew that we had to be the heroes our communities deserved, and we also knew that we had to retell the world our stories and build our climate narratives. So many of us are being defined by narratives that do not serve us. So many of us. Let these stories take away our power, rob us of our agency, and strip us of our fullest most authentic selves. That has to change. We are who we are because of the stories we tell ourselves and each other, and we need to get better at telling stories and driving strategies that are bold enough to build a new vision of the futures that we can procreate.


In order to do that, we need two things, climate leadership and narrative leadership. Climate leadership is specific communities continuing to say no to fossil fuels and yes to climate solutions in whatever spaces we find ourselves. From village town halls all the way up to the United Nations. Climate talks, climate leadership are partners, allies, and collaborators across the majority world, creating the conditions necessary for us to voyage towards a Pacific beyond fossil fuels climate leadership are our friends in the Philippines teaching us over Zoom, how to build backpack size portable solar modules, so we have the option to be able to charge our mobile devices medical supplies, as well as turn on a light after a category five cyclone has made landfall on one of our islands.


Climate leadership is about our communities, learning about keyhole gardens. Gardens built above the ground to mitigate salt toward intrusion so our people can grow, consume, and redistribute our local and traditional foods. Narrative leadership, on the other hand is this. It's a community organizer from the Pacific standing here telling you stories about our people at the front lines of this climate crisis. It's a willingness to articulate an alternative way forward that puts people and communities before anything else.


Narrative leadership is about telling Fuller, more nuanced stories that enable us to become the future ancestors that our children can be proud of. Climate leadership and narrative leadership built and shaped by the most vulnerable communities can and will unlock the futures We all deserve a future where climate solutions support and empower us indigenous communities to be our most dignified selves. A future where our communities can own and have access to renewable sources of energy and a future that is ultimately fossil free.


It takes all of us doing what we can to be able to co-create these futures and in order to co-create these futures that we deserve, we need to break the stories and the strategies that don't serve us anymore and build the ones that do beyond just being stewards of our stories. We can also be stewards of our solutions. Vu and thank you very much. That was Fenton Lutunatabua at TED Countdown's Dilemma event in Brussels in 2024.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Neon. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Lincoln Park from Zero World Tour 2025. You ready? Live across North America. Get tickets now@livenation.com.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member D.


Every idea starts with a problem. Morby Parker's was simple. Glasses are too expensive, so they set out to change that. By designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate, and they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff. Stop by a Warby Parker store near you.