
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today, a talk about Lasers and a lot of math and what they can do together to generate a tremendous amount of energy. Fusion physicist Tammy Ma takes us through the power of fusion and its many potential benefits after a short break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwee.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money cy@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual life insurance company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


AI is shaking things up and it's fascinating, confusing, and sometimes scary. Our new podcast that TED AI show helps you understand what you need to know about AI and how it's changing our world. I'm your host, Bala sdu, a creative technologist and AI innovator, and I ask experts, artists, journalists, and beyond to guide us through the thrilling world of tech and how it's gonna affect the future of our health, art everyday lives, and so much more. Each episode will leave you more informed and with tools to help you understand how AI will change your future. Check out the TED AI show wherever you get your podcasts.


And now our TED talk of the day. What would you do with the largest laser in the world? Send a beam into space, strap the laser to the head of a shark or maybe just use it to amuse your cat. Well, the laser that I'm talking about is nothing like your typical laser pointer. Note this laser is a thousand times more powerful than the entire US electrical grid. It's the most energetic laser in the world. I guarantee you. You're gonna wanna keep your cat far, far away from this laser.


Now I'm a physicist, so what I would wanna do with this laser is something a little bit different. I take that laser and split it into almost 200 beams and shine them from every angle onto a little pellet of hydrogen. Hydrogen, that very first element on the periodic table. I choose a laser to squeeze and compress that hydrogen until the atoms themselves fuse. That's called fusion, and it's the same reaction that powers the sun. So with our giant laser, we could actually create miniature stars right here on Earth.


Pretty cool, right? Okay, that's the goal. But why? Why do we care To do this? Fusion means unlocking a different kind of nuclear power instead of splitting big heavy atoms like we do with fission. In today's nuclear power plants, fusion means bringing together the atoms of a light element until they merge. In our case, we're gonna use deuterium and tritium. They're isotopes of hydrogen, heavy hydrogen, and if we can use our Lasers to get them close enough together at hot enough temperatures and hold them there long enough until they fuse, what we create on the other side is a helium nucleus and a neutron.


And it just so happens that that helium and neutron weigh just a little bit less than our deuterium and tritium originally did. So we're gonna take that differential en mass and put it into an equation that everybody knows really well. Einstein's e equals E equals mc squared, where that M is that differential. In mass, we're gonna multiply by C, the speed of light, a huge, huge number squared. And with that, get a tremendous amount of energy out how tremendous. Well, one single pound of fusion fuel has the same amount of energy as 5,000 barrels of oil, or three and a half million pounds of coal.


So fusion is the ultimate energy source, not least because the field that we need for fusion is also very abundant due. Deuterium is naturally occurring in seawater. About one in every 7,000 particles is D two O. Instead of H2O and Tritium, we know how to breed from lithium. So conceivably, we actually have enough fusion fuel on earth to last us 30 billion years of human consumption. At today's levels. If, you ask me, I'd call that energy security fusion is also clean energy in our equation.


It was a teum plus, a tritium gave us a helium. Carbon is nowhere in that equation. Fusion is also inherently safe. In order to start a fusion reaction, we first have to put energy into the system to make the atoms fuse So. if you ever wanna stop a fusion reaction, you just cut off that initial energy source. Fusion will create waste, but it's not the kind of waste that will last for tens or hundreds of thousands of years. Instead, the low level nuclear waste of fusion can decay away in just decades. And that means we can place fusion power plants almost anywhere near large population centers and big cities and fusion power plants would be compatible with our current grid infrastructure or the smart grids of the future.


And finally, fusion energy is also flexible. Energy. Energy when you need it and can come in different forms, electricity to power our homes, but also high temperature heat for industrial use. Now to be fair, there are some downsides to fusion. Two. Fusion is incredibly complex and incredibly difficult. The development of fusion has been and will be expensive, but the potential benefits of fusion are so great that it is worth it. Alright, so how do we actually make fusion work here on earth?


Well, that's the problem that we've been working on for nearly 60 years now. Let's go back to that ginormous laser. It's called the National Ignition Facility or nif at the Lawrence Livermore National Lab. The NIF is the world's largest, most energetic laser housed in a building the size of three American football fields side by side and 10 stories tall. It's not just one laser, it's actually 192 separate Lasers. And each one alone is one of the most energetic in the world. And we're gonna combine all 192 of those Lasers and shine them on a little fuel pellet about the size of a peppercorn.


The laser starts as a little pulse of light, the fraction of the energy of a typical laser pointer. We're gonna split that beam into 192 ways, and those beams are now going to bounce back and forth across this giant facility. Each beam passing through hundreds of slabs of laser glass getting boosted up in energy. In total, each beam is going to travel nearly a mile and get amplified up a million billion times in energy and expanded in size from a little pinprick to over a square foot. And then all 192 laser beams are gonna get directed towards the fusion chamber.


Half the laser beams go up and half come down, and they're gonna direct and concentrate their light on a tiny cylinder that sits right in the middle about the size of a pencil eraser. The Lasers go into that cylinder and create a bath of X-rays that then envelop the little fuel pellet that sits right in the middle. Those X-rays are so intense that they start blowing off the shell of that pellet like a rocket. And then by conservation and momentum, the rest of the capsule squeezes inward equal and opposite reaction. We're going to reach temperatures of over 180 million degrees Fahrenheit hotter than the center of the sun.


And pressures that would feel like a hundred billion earth atmospheres pressing down on you. And then we start a little spark right in the center, which then propagates through more of that feel creating a miniature star. And with it a huge burst of energy. And if we do it right, we can actually get a whole lot more energy out than the energy that went in to start all of this. I know it sounds really easy, right? Well, obviously this is a story that bridges enormous scales, the temperature and density of a star focused in on the atomic level.


Remember how I set that laser as a thousand times the power of the US electrical grid? Well, power is defined as energy per unit time. So what we're doing is taking a huge amount of energy and compressing it down into just nanoseconds. And that's why every time we fire the Lasers, the lights don't flicker across the globe, but we are able to create conditions that are the hottest in the entire solar system. And now back to the episode. All right. So I know what you guys are all thinking, like how could this actually possibly work? Right?


And who would be crazy enough to try? Well, tens of thousands of scientists and engineers around the world, including me and scientists, are trying all different approaches to fusion. Not just giant Lasers, but sometimes giant magnets. Things that have cool names like tomax or accelerators that can help shape and contain the fusion. And right now we're actually seeing a whole bunch of new private startup fusion companies pop up all across the globe, each one trying a unique and different approach to fusion. It's a whole host of brave and brilliant individuals working hard to make this dream a reality.


And our team at Lawrence Livermore National Lab are the stewards of work that started in 1960 because of national security. We need to understand fusion, to understand how to ensure that our US nuclear arsenal stays safe and effective. And that is what has provided the steady funding to pursue this very difficult physics challenge over decades. So yeah, it took us 12 years to build the nif, and we've been doing experiments using it for nearly 15 years more now. And in that time, we've improved our physics understanding and computational simulation models.


We've designed new diagnostic instruments capable of taking better, clearer, faster pictures of the experiment. We've continuously pushed up the laser energy and found ways to build better targets. And guess what? In December of 2022, we finally did it. Yes. Our team at Lawrence Livermore National Lab demonstrated fusion ignition for the very first time in human history. We generated a controlled thermonuclear fusion reaction in the laboratory that generated more energy out than went in with the Lasers to start it.


That's right. We were able to light a match and turn that into a bonfire. And in the process released a new form of energy that is a million times more energetic than a chemical reaction. And now, now we've actually been able to repeat ignition four more times in just the last 15 months with our most successful experiment giving us over twice as much energy out as we put in with the Lasers. So are we done? Well, not quite. In order to move towards that fusion energy future, we'll have to figure out how to harness this energy in a working fusion power plant.


And to be clear, there's still a long scientific and engineering road ahead. Just to build on our successes at nif, we'll have to build more efficient Lasers, mass manufacture targets and figure out robotics for automated operations and more. The depth and breadth of this challenge will require sustained investment from government and private industry and all of us working together. We're all racing to make this a reality, but there's still a lot more work to be done. I don't know exactly how long this will all take, but I do know that we can do it.


And when we do it, when we make fusion energy, a reality energy will become so plentiful that it will no longer be a limited resource. This will change the world as we know it. When energy becomes essentially unlimited. There are unlimited ways to use this energy. Every country will be energy. Independent standards of living will rise around the world, and we'll be able to use energy in creative new ways as well, like carbon capture at scale, to combat climate change, vertical farming for delicious, sustainable food for all, and desalination of sea water so that everybody has access to clean water.


We can do all this and more with fusion. Fusion can ignite that fusion.


Thank you, TED. Talks. Daily is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who saved by switching save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average 12 month savings with $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Tammy Ma at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner. Daniella Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.