
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh entrepreneur. Farhad Moit, like so many of us in America, is multicultural and that reality means something to our identities and our psyches. He reflects on being both Iranian and American, and ultimately the many dualities that make us human In his 2024 talk after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso, Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead, I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/side door.


And now our TED Talk of the day. I am so honored to be on stage representing Ted's growing recognition of the importance of its immigrant diaspora community. I'm an Iranian American, a kind of free range Iranian lucky to be here with all you and free to embrace all my native cultures positive elements, the poetry, the music philosophy and hospitality every day in ways that many Iranians inside Iran cannot. But I also love having the bow of my identity stretched between two seemingly opposed poles of Iranian and American because that gives the arrow of my life a unique PERS perspective on things.


I wanna share a couple of American ideals that explicate this multicultural dichotomy in me. The first is independence. In America, independence is foundational, the bedrock of our freedom that makes us all, all us Americans feel exceptional. Unlike my Iranian side where everyone is in everyone's business, I'm free, maybe even driven to be pursue my own happiness, and that feels so liberating. The other is continuous improvement. The idea that you can always do better. America is a democracy that is always inventing, reinventing herself. We make mistakes that and keep on growing and growing. That's why it's so exciting to be an entrepreneur in America. We're free to try to build anything our heart's desire.


For me these days, it's taking on our corrupt political duopoly and working to democratize democracy itself. Isn't it amazing that as an American, I just get to do that without fear or permission, but I'm Iranian too and my, and have the ancient wisdom of Iranian mystics, FOSI, Hafe, and Rumi running through my veins. So each of these Iran American traits give my Iranian psyche cause for pause and reflection, for instance, independence is great, but if I'm truly independent, then I don't need anything or anyone that's kind of lonely. Iranians are congenitally hospitable in tribal. In fact, the word Iran itself is a port monto of the word ear and on where ear comes from.


The word yaar, literally friendship or love. And on comes from Stan or land of shout out to our cultural cousins from ear land, another land of love. Anyway, where does this love and friendship fit into my Statue of Liberty esque? Freedom Loving American psyche and love requires connection and interdependence, as we found out earlier. And interdependence is well kind of un-American. After all, Americans never had a declaration of interdependence. And now back to the episode.


So my Iranian side begs for me to differ here as my beloved Sufi uncle who used to say, love is the ether. The universe swims in. So without love, we literally have nothing. So to be independent or to be in love, that is the cross-cultural question for me. And what about the American ideal of continuous improvement that seems downright productive? If. you ask my American side, but again, my Iranian side disagrees. I remember a magnet on my mom's fridge. If you're ever gonna be happy, you must be happy. Now hinting at a tiny existential problem. It's always now. And of course, we have the Iranian mystic poet Rumi imploring us in old after road to get drunk and out of our minds so we can become blissfully present in the wow of now.


So should I work to create a better future or be drunk and happy? Now, another multicultural paradox, or is it maybe I've been setting up a false dichotomy all along. There's no real Iranian or American on the stage here and me, after all, I'm not some LLM trained in a lab on a discreet set of cultural memes. I am that still magical, mystical, fractal of universal consciousness known as human being. I am a a point. Thank you. A point at the center and Circumference of the Infinite Sphere as my favorite author, the Argentinian Jorge Luis Boez once wrote, and as a magical, mystical life and M ml, we humans are uniquely free to embody whatever useful paradoxes we find whenever it suits us.


We can choose to be culturally American or Iranian, or both, no matter where we are from, and can even have a favorite author who is neither. And as an MML, we can simultaneously be both independent and free while deeply connected by love to everyone and everything, always striving for a better future while also happy together here Now. Wow.


So Tux Daily is brought to you by Progressive. Progressive helps you compare direct auto rates from a variety of companies so you can find a great one, even if it's not with them. Quote today@progressive.com to find a rate that works with your budget, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Farhad Moit at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Este, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PR.