
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh Singapore is one of my favorite cities in the world, and while it is super modern with skyscrapers climbing high into the clouds, it's also home to wild parakeets, pangolins, and all sorts of lizards and snakes. In his 2023 talk animal behavior export Philip Johns Zeros in on one prominent creature that is everywhere in Singapore.


It's otters. And what otters have to teach us about interacting with the natural world that's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital one Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn. Where are my B2B marketers out there? If, you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ads base can be, which means if your message isn't targeted to a specific audience and the right audience that you're looking for, it can just easily disappear into the noise. But with LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the pros who are more likely to find your ad relevant. LinkedIn has targeting capabilities so that you can reach the folks you're looking for by job title, industry, company, and more filters. So you can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads. Today. LinkedIn ads will let you build the right relationships, drive results, and reach your customers in an environment where a lot of your customers are hanging out. Because you will have direct access to and network with decision makers, a billion members, 130 million decision makers and 10 million C-level executives, you can start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions apply LinkedIn. The place to be to be


Support For this show comes from Mint Mobile. Oh, my daughter is actually on a Mint Mobile plan. And you know when you discover a new binge-worthy TV show or a song that just becomes an earworm that you play on repeat and you have to share it with your friends. Well, that's what it feels like when I talk about Mint Mobile because we discovered as a family that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for wait for it $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan, which is exactly what I did. Friends, don't let friends overpay for wireless. You can say goodbye to your overpriced wireless plan and switch to Mint Mobile as our family did to get this new customer offer and your new three month premium wireless plan for just $15 a month. Go to mint mobile.com/talks. That's mint mobile.com/talks. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month@mintmobile.com slash talks. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply cement. Submit mobile for details


Like TED Talks. You should check out the TED radio hour with NPR. Stay tuned after this Talks Odoo hear sneak peek of this week's episode And now our TED talk of the day. Hi, I'm Philip and I wanna talk about what we can learn from urban wildlife. When I first moved to Singapore, I thought it was magical. Here's this clean, bright, pretty well-run city with twisted tall skyscrapers made of steel glass that's rising out of what's left of a tropical rainforest. And it wasn't just tropical rainforests, it was animals walk around and you see sunbirds flitting amongst the flowers. You see hornbills hopping from branch to branch on campus.


You see colugos and sumatran flying dragons and paradise tree snakes, gliding from tree to tree. All of this was just so amazing to me. The first week I came to Singapore, there was a fight during the day out in the open between a king cobra and a reticulated python on the campus of NTU. That same first week, there was video of a Pangolin walking down the stairway between Yale and us and RC four. I started to look for a place to live and I went to a flat that I wanted to rent, and I walked out on the balcony and a parakeet flew.


A wild parakeet flew and landed on my shoulder. And the property manager asked me, are you gonna take the flat? And I said, of course I am. A little bird told me to. You know, this was just amazing to me. Everything about about Singapore was just incredible to me. When I, when I first moved here, I kept wondering to myself, you know, what is this place with these tall, twisted skyscrapers? And at the same time, we have brightly colored birds flying hornbills that are eyeing people on campus, gliding lizards and colugos and snakes. It was just amazing to me. To me it was utterly fantastical. And everything everywhere was otters. So the otters started to blow up on social media just before I came to Singapore in 2015.


And one family in particular started to get a lot of attention, the Be Sean family because it lived downtown near all the famous landmarks of Singapore. And so they were getting a lot of attention. And this was really exciting to me. And part of the reason it was incredible and to everybody is that the otters were returning after a long absence. So we know that there were otters in Singapore in sometime before the mid 20th century. And we know partly because of individual accounts, but partly because of things like this. This is haw pa villa, and these are statues of otters in haw pa villa. But this installation was moved in 1937. So before 1937, we know that otters weren't just present in Singapore, but they were prominent in Singapore and prominent enough that their statues were put with Chinese legends.


But then Singapore started to change, it modernized, it started to industrialize, and all of a sudden the waterways got filthy. What happened was they started to fill with sludge, industrial pollution and dead animals to the point where they stak and otters live in water. They eat fish in water and they couldn't eat and live in waterways that were that dirty. So they left, but things changed. Again, Singapore enacted policies to clean up their waterways, and they were really, really successful. So all of a sudden, instead of having waterways that were filled with filth, we had waterways that were filled with fish. And from the otters points of view, they were feeding troughs.


So they came back and now we have lots of otters all over Singapore. We have about 12 families. These are smooth coated otters. There are pretty large otter. The adults get up to about 10 kg, which is larger than the European common Otter. They're a little bit unusual as mammals go because the adult offspring stay with the family as helpers. So a family group might have two dominant breeding individuals and one or two sets of adult offspring that are staying as helpers and then a brood of pups, which is pretty typical. The family sizes are quite large. In Singapore, we have families that are over 20 individuals and we have more than a dozen families in Singapore.


And those families are watched by Otter Watchers, some of whom go out and watch the otters every day. My students worked closely with some of the Otter Watchers and we got to find out all sorts of interesting things. Otters have a really tough life. They wake up in the morning, they fish, they roll around in the grass, they play, they go to sleep, and then a few hours later they do it again. And now back to the episode. So my students wanted to know whether adults and pups played differently.


And what they did to look at this is found literally dozens of interactions like this and looked at the frequencies of roles switching among the individuals who are playing If. you If, you watch them long enough, they do something where one pup will chase the other and then it'll switch roles. So the second pup chases the first. It's very much like tag your it. It turns out that pups do this a lot and adults don't do this much at all. If an adult is in a dominant position, it stays in a dominant position. But this tells us something. It tells us something about how play has different functions for pups versus adults. For pups plays a way that they're figuring things out and they're learning. But for adults, they're jockeying for a position in the social group, and that's why they don't give up their position of of dominance.


Monitor lizards and otters live in the same environments. They both eat fish and they bump into each other all the time. And otters sometimes attack the monitor lizards, and sometimes they kill the monitor lizards, but not all the time. So my students wanted to know when the otters attack what conditions lead to the otters attacking sometimes, but not other times. This is a pair of otters that are approaching a monitor, lizard and If. you notice the monitor lizard's, frill is open, its throat, frill is open. It's in an aggressive posture right here. And in fact, just seconds after this picture was taken, the monitor lizard whipped its tail at the otters. So monitored lizards can also be aggressive, but most of the time they're reacting to the otters.


What my students found after looking at dozens of these kinds of interactions was that otters were more likely to be aggressive if there were pups around, and they were most likely to be aggressive if there were more pups in a group than there were adults. So the otters are only aggressive to defend the pups. The otters are big and they're fast and they're smart, and they don't really have to worry about the monitored lizards very much. But the pups do because they're small and they're kind of dumb. It turns out that pups drive a lot of the things that otters do. What they're doing here is catching fish. But what's interesting is they're catching really small fish. This is called herding or corralling depending on the medium in which they're doing it. And it turns out that otters do this only when they have pups, and when they do it, they typically catch very small fish.


So this isn't a way for them to catch more fish, and it isn't a way for them to catch larger fish. What it is, is a way for them to teach their pups how to hunt. And it's not just that the pups are learning how to hunt by being with the adults, it's that the adults are actively changing their behavior so that they can teach the pups what to do. So all of these discoveries, and there are a few more of them, we couldn't have done without the Otter Watchers and the Otter Watchers are incredibly dedicated to watching otters. We really owe them a lot. And I really want to kind of voice that, that gratitude towards them. And a lot of things motivate Otter Watchers. So Otter Watchers might be curious about the otters.


They might like the otters, but a lot of the Otter Watchers are photographers, and that's their primary hobby. And for them, this is a chance to get really excellent pho photographs. The same thing in Singapore is true with birders. If you've ever gone birding in Singapore, it's a little bit surreal because rather than go out and look for people with big binoculars, you look for people with big cameras. But Otter watching and birdwatching are gateways. They're gateways for people to interact with nature. And so people who might start Otter watching because they want to get photographs of cute pups might continue to do other things because they've formed a connection with nature. And we see this all the time that people care about nature when they form some connection to nature, whether that connection is to otters or to a pair of horn bills on campus or to a bird that visits them on their balcony.


We need these personal connections and we see them all over the place. So that's one thing to emphasize, but I'm not the only one who's thinking about this. Singapore has enacted a lot of policies that make these kinds of connections a lot easier. So we talked about Singapore cleaning up its waterways in the seventies and eighties. They've done a lot of other things too, including plant over a million trees. There are over 300 parks in nature reserves. Singapore has a plan that no one should be more than 10 minutes away from some kind of park. Now, there are a lot of reasons to do this, and some of these are public health reasons, but one of the effects of this is that people will have more chances to interact with nature and they'll have more chances to care.


So I'm really excited about these possibilities, especially in Singapore, especially because Singapore is one of the most densely populated countries in the world. Recently, n Parks changed its motto, and parks had the mar motto that Singapore is a city in a garden and they changed it to Singapore is a city in nature, and I think this is a real effort on Singapore's part to shift how they view their relationship to nature. I think we're trying to get away from something where nature is over there on the other side of a fence or a wall or something like that. Nature is something that's around us and above us and beside us. And Singapore is acknowledging that, and that's true in lots of places, including in cities.


So I think this also raises other questions such as, can cities be wildlife refuges? Is the biodiversity we see in Singapore, is this the last hot ember of the biodiversity that was here before? Or is this something that we can protect and maybe foster and grow? Lots of cities have wildlife. It's not just Singapore. Most North American cities have wildlife like raccoons and coyotes, and some have bears and bobcats, but sometimes they're even more impressive things. For example, Los Angeles has mountain lions and Mumbai has leopards, and there's still one Jaguar kicking around Tucson. So there, there's still these big cats, not just you know, predators, but big cats that are in other cities.


And Singapore, unlike some of those cities, is just incredibly, incredibly dense in terms of human population, and yet we're ripe with wildlife. So I think it's a real question. Can we make cities that are wildlife refuges? Can we make cities that foster some kind of productive relationship between wildlife and humans? Can we make cities where we exist in close proximity side by side? I think we can. The founder of Singapore famously, or at least as legend has it, saw a large creature moving along and he thought it was a lion. And so he named Singapore after it, Singapore Lion City, and much later, Singapore adopted its mascot of a mer lion, which is supposed to celebrate Singapore's history as a sea city and this legacy of it being a Lion City.


Obviously there are no lions in Singapore outside of the zoo, and there never were. But we do have a ferocious mammalian predator that hunts in groups that fights giant lizards, that protects and teaches its offspring. And that's frequent in the waterways or around Singapore. Isn't that predator sort of half fish and half lion? Singapore is magic.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer to compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


omg, yes is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMGs Solo with your partner or discuss it with friends like a book club. See it for yourself at OMGs dot com.


That was Philip Johns speaking at TED X, Yale n, US College in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


On the TED Radio Hour, Jim Ewing had to get his foot amputated after a climbing accident, but thanks to a new procedure, his prosthetic feels like it's his real foot. Your brain recognizes this piece of equipment as being part of you. It just adopts it and starts using it as if it belongs there. How technology is augmenting humans. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. Subscribe or listen to the TED Radio Hour, wherever you get your podcasts.