
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I remember growing up and seeing commercials with the tagline, beef. It's what's for dinner. I even saw one for pork on the side of a truck one time that went. I scream. You scream. We all scream for pork. That's right. These are advertising campaigns that successfully shifted the way Americans eat. And in her 2024 talk dietary guide Sarah Lake reminds us that what we put on our plates is thanks to government and company campaigns and incentives.


And those incentives can also shift things in the other direction to more plant-based diets coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital one. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC


Form or function with the BMW seven series and all electric I seven. You don't have to decide between stunning design and effortless power, you get both completely. Customize your ride with a vibe changing mode for every mood. Immerse yourself in four D surround sound, then make a strong first impression with an illuminated kidney grill made For those who appreciate detail by those who are obsessed with it, learn more about the innovative BMW seven series and available as a 100% electric i7@bmwusa.com.


Teams with big ideas start in Jira, the only project management tool you need to plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping us in sync to deliver the big ideas our listeners love. And there's a lot more that teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key so that we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need to make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea today in Jira.


Like TED Talks, you should check out the TED radio hour with NPR. Stay tuned. After this Talks Odoo hear a sneak peek of this week's episode And now our TED talk of the day. When I was a kid, we'd go visit my grandparents and my grandma. Toots was a classic 1950s American housewife. She though was a terrible cook. She cooked everything in the microwave, even meat, and she had meat at every meal, even in her cottage cheese. One time my brother brought his girlfriend to visit and she was a vegetarian.


And so my brother reminded Grandma ts of this and she said, oh, okay, what does she want for dinner then? Chicken or fish and gravitates could not imagine that you would have a meal that didn't revolve around meat. And I can see why. I mean, she grew up in a time where she was inundated by government promotions that meat was key to supporting your country and company ads that talked about it being essential for being strong and manly. And it was cheap too. It was subsidized by the government and partially explained as a way of bulking up malnourished men so that they could fight in World War ii. But what my grandma witnessed in the first half of her life was unprecedented.


She saw the fastest and widest shift in diets that had ever occurred within just a few decades. She saw the norm go from eating meat as a rare treat to having it three times a day to having meat named after our meals. So we had breakfast meats, we had lunch meats, and well, beef is what's for dinner. And that didn't happen because people just suddenly realized they really liked the taste of meat. What we eat is less about what we choose and more about what's offered to us. And companies and governments today still make it really hard for us to choose anything other than meat. I mean, it's offered everywhere.


It's often the only choice and it's cheaper than other options. So much So. if you took away all government support and subsidies for meat, a pound of ground beef would cost $30. So now we eat more meat than ever before and it's continuing to grow. And we got to this point, thanks to the extensive and far reaching efforts of governments and companies to push our diets towards meat. What we need now is the same fundamental shift in what we eat, but in the opposite direction back towards plants. I'm here today as a food and climate expert because diet shifts are critical for the planet.


The only way that we can reach climate targets and feed 10 billion people is by reducing the production and consumption of industrial meat. We need other solutions. We need regenerative agriculture and we need to address food loss and waste. But those alone are insufficient to reach climate goals. And diet shifts are also essential for food security and health. We need to grow more food on less land by 2050. And to do that, we need to shift from land intensive animal protein to land efficient vegetable protein. And that also helps with our health. Grams continue to put meat in pretty much every meal.


And by the time I was about 11, that diet caught up with my dad, her son, and he had a massive heart attack. I don't remember a lot about it, but I remember sitting in this hospital waiting for him to get out of six way bypass surgery. And my mom took me and my siblings to get dinner in the hospital while we waited and she took us to the only restaurant that was available at McDonald's. So we sat there eating greasy cheeseburgers while my dad was on the floor above having open heart surgery due to years of eating unhealthy food. And we ate there 'cause it was really all that was available.


And now back to the episode After my dad's surgery, our household went largely plant-based thanks to my mom and my dad, he's still alive. So I know firsthand how plant rich diets can be lifesaving. And now we know that overconsumption of meat is a leading cause of preventable disease, including heart disease, but also obesity and diabetes. We also know that meat is a leading cause of climate change. Meat alone can account for as much as 20% of global emissions. We also know that we're misusing nearly half of our farmland to grow feed for animals rather than food for humans.


But no one really wants to talk about this proverbial cow in the room. The fundamental need to shift our food system away from industrial meat. And maybe it's because we know people really care about what they eat or maybe it's because we know we're not gonna get there by pleading with people to eat differently, especially when most consumers have to go out of their way and pay more for alternative products. What we need is for companies and governments to offer and incentivize plant rich diets the same way they did for meat decades ago. I need to walk into a McDonald's and see a menu full of plant rich options and have them be just as cheap or cheaper than the Big Mac.


And we need our schools and hospitals to offer plant-based foods as the default where you can get meat, but you have to ask for it as the exception. And we need just as much money to flow into the plant-based industry as currently makes meat wildly and artificially cheap. Whether that's making better black bean burgers or novel alternative proteins. We know that this can work because it has before and we know it's working again in the places where we've dared to try it. Just last month I was in Germany. I walked into a Burger King, bam. It was bombarded with ads for their plant-based whopper. It was all over the store and the plant-based whopper was center of the menu and it was the same price as the regular whopper.


Today in Burger Kings in Germany, one in five of all Whopper sold are plant-based. One in five in the country that invented the Frank Fetter or take Lidle. It's one of the largest supermarkets in Europe. They decided to put their plant-based meat next to the conventional meat in the meat section and make it the same price. So when you went to grab a package of ground beef, you had a healthier, sustainable plant-based option right next to it that cost the same. Within six months of making this change, the sale of their plant-based products went up by 30% and shows no sign of flagging. Even in New York City public schools, the largest school district in the country, they now have plant-based lunches for students.


So over a million children are eating plant-based lunches at least once a week. Now, scaling from here, it's not easy politically or personally, but we're not talking about never eating meat. We're talking about less meat and more plants. We're talking about over consumption of meat. The average American right now eats six times the recommended amount of red meat six times. If we were to just half that, it would have massive benefits for the climate, for food security and for health. And companies and governments have been telling us for decades what to eat. They have the power to help us choose differently. And yes, there's progress to be made. We need products that are plant-based to be healthier and cheaper.


But without a doubt, eating more plants is better for the planet, better for animals, and better for us. And when companies and governments make it easier for us to choose differently, we do. People want healthy and sustainable options, but it's simply not that easy to make that choice. Today. The momentum, it's growing. That McDonald's in the hospital, it got kicked out and my dad gets to play and share not dogs and the occasional hot dog at family barbecues. And that's the world I envision for all of us where we're able to improve public health.


We have avoided the worst of the climate crisis and we've improved global food security. That world is possible because we've shifted diets before and we can do it again. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If? you could save some cash. Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


That was Sarah Lake speaking at Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. On the TED Radio hour, Jim Ewing had to get his foot amputated after a climbing accident, but thanks to a new procedure, his prosthetic feels like it's his real foot.


Your brain recognizes this piece of equipment as being part of you. It just adopts it and starts using it as if it belongs there. How technology is augmenting humans. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. Subscribe or listen to the TED Radio Hour wherever you get your podcasts. PRX.