
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better. Head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help. The show Change starts with listening.


If you Have a heart, activism is just a natural step into the next part of who you are gonna be as a person. But how do you turn that feeling into meaningful action? Don't Try to fight bad legislation. Write your own legislation On all about change. We Talks Odoo inspiring people about their purpose, what gives them hope and drives them to create change. So join us. Find stories that fuel your own journey. Listen to all about change wherever you get your podcasts.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents. Keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking simply safe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new Simply Safe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simplisafe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Picture this somewhere in the world. An Apple Card user is getting 3% daily cash back on the purchase of an iPhone 16 at Apple. That's not all. They also earned 2% back on the new shoes they bought using Apple Pay. Visit apple.co/card calculator to see how much daily cash back you can earn subject to credit approval. Apple Card is issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh Manufacturing is a sixth of the global economy and is the cause of one third of all greenhouse gas emissions. These are huge numbers to comprehend, and yet in her talk entrepreneur Lauren Dunford reminds us that almost everything in our world today is manufactured and manufacturing and industry aren't going anywhere. So it's time for us to think differently about how we do it.


As we get started, I wanted to first ask everyone to set aside any thoughts on current events for the moment, and let's take five seconds to Look around this big room. We are all in right now to try to find even one thing that was not manufactured. Other humans don't count. Ready go. One thing that's not manufactured, not actually that easy, is it manufacturing is a sixth of our global economy, one third of all greenhouse gas emissions about, and for context, that's huge. That is three times all the emissions of the United States.


Somehow though it starts to actually feel even bigger than that when you try to think of what in our daily lives isn't manufactured, the trees, the ocean, fluffy clouds, of course, but everything we humans make, which is more and more every single day is manufactured. So how that manufacturing happens is so important. I wanna share how we can all think differently about manufacturing. Why the greatest opportunity of our generation is manufacturing and why the heroes of our time with the coolest, most absolutely cutting edge careers are gonna be in manufacturing.


And here's the great news. 57% of Gen Z wants to go into manufacturing. Just kidding, 57% of Gen Z wants to be social media influencers, and that's the problem. Manufacturing has an outdated reputation as 3D, dull, dirty, and dangerous. So I grew up in the San Francisco Bay area. Friends went into tech saying code was the future, but I was a wide-eyed 23-year-old on the hunt for purpose. I joined a company on a mission to bring millions, millions of students, fresh and healthy food. And I showed up my first day ready and inspired first thing, my new boss handed me a hair net.


Let me tell you, nothing brings you down to earth faster than realizing your actual first job is not to get hair in someone's food. But then I stepped onto the production floor, conveyors, moving machine ceiling meals, and I realized I had always thought of food as cooking, but everything at scale becomes manufacturing. I spent five years there and I can never see the world the same way. Manufacturing is everything, not just food, but cardboard boxes, pipes, bringing clean water, asphalt roads are trucks, drove on. Manufacturing is everything, but we don't give it a second thought or in most cases, even a first we should.


Where and how we manufacture has never been as important as it is today. We got a tiny taste of it in COVID trapped at home. At first it was kind of a joke. Stores are sold out a toilet paper, but then it cuts deeper. Groceries. Baby formula N95 masks when it actually felt terrifying not to have one. And then I realize if someone I love has to go to the hospital, they may not have gloves or masks either because we don't have the factories for critical things.


If we can't make, we break even ai, we all talk about the cloud like it's some magic fluff in the sky. Nope. Every conversation I have with AI leaders, they're trying to figure out how the heck to build and power. Massive data centers stacked full of metal servers wrapped in steel and cement with fans and cooling towers all using more power than this entire city. That's all made in factories. The future isn't just coated, it's built. If we can't build, we can't lead.


If we can't build, we are handing the keys to our future to those who can. We're at a turning point. And as humans, we've actually had a moment like this before in World War ii, people rolled up their sleeves. Rosy, the Riveters powering manufacturing that saved the world. The choice we humans face today is actually even bigger than that. It's not just about which countries are gonna run our planet. It's about whether we humans are gonna have a planet that we can live on at all.


I'm seeing people everywhere stepping up. Jacob Malawa, efficient solar powered manufacturing of HIV meds locally in East Africa. Olivia Weatherly optimizing massive spinning machines, making water tanks in Indiana. Lisa transforming bottling across Latin America. Paul Boudreaux making coffee pods compostable Cesar Bermudas making igloo coolers. Beth Espin 3D weaving jeans, medicine, water tanks, jeans, satellites, sutures, speedboats, underwater drones, animal crackers. This can be fun, it can be entrepreneurial, it can be sexy, and it can be sustainable from food manufacturing.


I headed to Stanford for my MBA and I saw incredible technology to decarbonize, manufacturing, win-win, win, lower cost, lower emissions, and a sales advantage. First it felt like we, we got this and I thought, I don't know if they even need me. But since then, I've spent time in more factories than I can count everywhere from Minneapolis to Mexico City to Mombasa, and I've seen the same thing everywhere. Energy is a big cost and 99% of the world's factories don't even have the foundation yet for those awesome Stanford solutions. The light bulb went off and I started a company called Guide Wheel to close that gap.


At first, we got started with energy efficiency, clipped sensors like little smart watches on the power going into each machine and launched. Excited to see those energy savings start rolling in and nothing happened. Oh my gosh, I remember staring so sadly at those usage stats. Energy was a big cost. The team seemed to care, but they were not using it except for two guys, Willie and Pav. They were logging in all day, every day, like energy super fans. So we went out to their factory and their production team showed us what all the energy teams had missed, which is that the power going into their machines wasn't just power, it was the heartbeat of their machines, which was the heartbeat of their production, which was the heartbeat of their entire business.


Energy was a big cost, but production was the priority. It's all about production. And production had been a nightmare to measure and track across. Patchworks of different ages makes and models of equipment across the factories. But every machine uses power. And just like you don't have to tell your smartwatch if you're running or resting from that electrical heartbeat of the machine, we can know exactly how much it's producing, how fast and predict problems before they happen. It's the first ever universal translator for any machine anywhere on the planet, energy to production and the foundation for real-time intelligence.


So any factory team on earth can reach peak productivity and decarbonize. For a very simple example, If you have a big machine idling in between production runs, it's wasting energy and it's wasting production time. That's just one tiny part of why the hundreds of manufacturers using this technology are already seeing energy efficiency improve up to 45% and productivity up 1.4 x. That is a huge impact and the impact just grows with more scale. And as the power of AI improves, these are not dull, dirty and dangerous jobs anymore.


These are clean, cutting edge and really dang cool careers. But unless we bring manufacturing from devalued to uplifted, millions of jobs in manufacturing are currently on track to go unfilled by 2030. That's innovation. That's not gonna happen. Critical infrastructure that won't be built. Edison said opportunity is missed by most people because it's dressed in overalls and looks like work. These awesome teams need talent excited for hard work to join them. If they come, we can build it.


Imagine if 57% of the next generation actually was excited to make real things instead of Instagram reels. Each of us, whether we care about our countries or our climate, can help make manufacturing the biggest comeback story of our time. So here's my ask. If you're a parent, talk about this with your kids. If you're a kid or a kid at heart, talk about it with your friends and everyone let's thank the makers because our future isn't just coated, it's built.


Let's roll up our sleeves and build it. Thank you. That was Lauren Dunford speaking at TED 2025. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fey Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation Funding? Shadowy. Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.


Hey, it's Paige from Giggly Squad. Real Talk. If there's one store that I absolutely love walking around, it's Sephora. It's my total guilty pleasure. They have amazing brands that other people don't have, and I find something great every time I walk in and there's literally one down the street from me. So I do that a lot. It's so fun to shop in the store and online and the products are just too good. No regrets ever. For example, one of my favorite beauty brands is Makeup by Mario, who just launched his new lip gloss that I absolutely love. So the next time you're in the market for Great Beauty shop all the hottest products and brands only at Sephora


When it comes to your business. Every second counts from mega factories to mom and pop shops. Ericsson helps tens of thousands of companies around the world build powerful connections every day. Power your business with our connectivity and communication solutions. The invisible advantage driving your growth. Visit us at erickson.com/power. That's E-R-I-C-S-S-O n.com/power.