
Hey folks, it's Mark Marin from WTF. It's spring a time of renewal, of rebirth, of reintroducing yourself to your fitness goals, and Peloton has what you need to get started. You can take a variety of on demand and live classes that last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour. There are thousands of Peloton members whose lives were changed by taking charge of their fitness routines. Now you can be one of them. Spring into action right now. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon Music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Business in China is booming and it's partially because the leaders of today and tomorrow are going beyond their parents' old playbook. In his 2024 talk, consumer expert Roger Hugh shares why competition is growing in China. Thanks to young entrepreneurs who have trained in a much more connected world with access to education both within and beyond their home country. He shares how they're competing on a global scale like never before and why the lessons learned from this shift to younger leadership should matter to everyone. That's up. Next Picture Ballroom in China.


What do you see? Well, big changes are coming in the next decade. You will start to see much younger faces filling up these spaces. I'm not just talking about China's international giants. I'm talking about China's small and medium sized local businesses with a hundred to 500 million US dollars in revenue there. Local giants in beverage, snacks or fashion as we speak. There are 50, 60 and 70-year-old founders are getting ready for a boardroom transition and a whole new generation will rise to power. Why does this matter? You might ask because competition is only about to get fierce in China and the new masterminds behind these businesses are also eager to take their family businesses onto the global stage.


I live in China. I spent the last 10 years consulting with Chinese companies and I've worked with over 50 chairpersons from my conversation with them and the broader data, I can tell you that those local players are gradually gaining market share across many industries. So why are these local companies suddenly more competitive? One big reason is that these new leaders look nothing like their parents. They grew up with greater access to the internet. They left China to study business in the us, the uk, Australia, Canada and Singapore. They're multilingual. They have advanced degrees. They can tap into their vast networks of professional services, private equity and venture capital, and now they're coming home to take over their family businesses.


Canada putt them onto the world stage and a change the face of business in China forever. Here is what you can expect. Number one, fewer copycats and more innovation. In the 1970s and eighties, many entrepreneurs were cash strapped to succeed fast. Let's just say imitation was the sincerest form of flattery. If you saw someone's best selling energy drink, you'd launch your own energy drink. However, this new generation knows that copycatting is a dead end model. They're figuring out how to kickstart innovation in-house through competition. For example, I worked with a snack company who was struggling with sluggish sales.


Their research and development process was just not working. They developed a lot of new flavors, but nothing truly innovative until the second generation came up with a surprising idea. He split this large r and d team into two smaller teams to compete against each other. The team with the winning product would get a share of profits. When one of the team talked with their consumers, they realized there is an unmanned need. Their beef jerkys packaging was difficult to open, and the beef was too long and too tough. The consumer felt self-conscious eating it in public or at work. So the team redesigned the packaging and made the jerky smaller and softer.


This design won the blind test and was launched to the market where they enjoyed great sales, especially in a company's original flavor jerky, and the winning team got 5% of all the profits that exceeded our original target. Since the new generation launched this new system, new products have generated over 40% of the company's annual sales revenue. Number two, smart investments in bold ideas. Many first generation entrepreneurs in China succeeded through grit, through experience, and through keen market intuition. They didn't have an MBA or professional team to fall back on when it came to make big decisions.


They often went with their gut. Of course, failure wasn't a bad teacher either, but this new generation can think like an objective investor. I worked with a plant-based beverage company whose founder had always sold their drinks to restaurants, never direct to consumer, but when Covid hit the restaurants, their sales plummeted. The second generation knew they needed a change, even if change was hard. So she first founded an investment committee and then announced open audition to find new business ideas. The winning idea would get funding, but financial performance would be quarterly reviewed by the investment committee.


One sales manager suggested switching from large glass bottles to smaller paper cotton packaging did market them to mothers as a nutritious breakfast drink with kit friendly flavors like sesame, like Jasmine. When it launched. Within three months, the new drink ranked into the top three plant-based milk on major e-commerce platforms. With this investor mindset, the new generation is helping team members become the CEO of their own ideas, and number three, businesses will expand into the entire ecosystem. In an age of scarcity, first generation entrepreneurs focus on doing one thing and doing it right, but new generation grew up with internet giants who have built massive digital ecosystem, vast interconnected networks of e-commerce logistics, social media payment, et cetera, et cetera.


They don't just do one thing. They do nearly everything. I worked with a livestock producer whose founder focused on rearing highest quality pork and poultry, and they were very successful. But the second generation is thinking way bigger than raising livestock. It's only the first step in the very long value chain. What if they expanded downstream? They could get into meat processing and develop their own line of sliced ham sausage and jerky. They could even invest in companies that buy their meat products like dumpling breads by thinking about the entire ecosystem from farming to food and even to retail. They can simplify the supply chains, spend less, earn more, and expand faster.


All three of these examples show what's possible when the future second generation leaders take over Chinese businesses. They're not just looking to imitate, but to create and lead their own ecosystems and be bullish on every growth opportunities. These new leaders don't shy away from competition. In fact, they embrace it and push change vertically and laterally, and they don't take no for an answer to compete internationally. We might even see a new wave of major multinational companies emerge from China, so don't be surprised when China's boardroom have a lot less gray here in the coming years. China's future has never looked more colorful.


Thank you. That was Roger Hugh recorded for TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Sica Song Maron. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed.


Thanks for listening.


If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, you know prevention is the best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Grainger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them. From disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment so you can help deliver a clean bill of health, call 1-800-GRAINGER click granger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member DC.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft Sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.