
Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This is a PSA or Public sock announcement. Experts have declared Bombas socks as the best way to warm up chili feet. These pairs are super cushy, soft, and designed for maximum coziness. Plus, for every pair purchased, another pair will be donated. So someone in need of essential clothing can stay warm this winter. Go to bombas.com/acast and use code acast for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/acast And use code acast at checkout.


Better help online therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now wherever you are, to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders. Take a deep breath in and out. Feels better. Right? That's 15 seconds of self care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. One thing we don't wanna lose no matter what political climate we're in, is the value of different voices and diverse perspectives in our democracy. In a 2024 conversation between Anathea Chino, who is the co-founder of Advanced Native Political Leadership and comedian Nain Farsad, the two women discuss the value of Native Voices in our local, state and federal systems and what it means to both honor our identities and lead our communities at the same time.


So you founded this organization, tell us how you got here. Sure. Azi Hapa. I am Anthea. My pronouns are she her. I am from Acoma Pueblo, New Mexico. There are 19 Pueblos in New Mexico. Ours is one. We are known as the oldest continuously inhabited community in the United States. There are about 5,000 enrolled tribal members at my community and we've inhabited our lands for over 2000 years. I grew up between my indigenous homelands and college station, Texas where my mom was getting her PhD and I spent hours staring at the stars from the back of our hatchback, a little yellow Toyota Tercel named Banana.


It was a different time not wearing a seatbelt in the back of the hatchback, staring at the stars going between New Mexico and Texas while my mom drove us home to ensure that I was deeply connected to our cultural traditions. And early on I learned that my indigenous identity was, was threatening to a lot of people. Our existence is an act of resistance and just a reminder that we are not a nation of immigrants is that we have thriving indigenous cultures all across the United States. And people are reminded when they meet me, the history of the United States and when engaging with indigenous people.


It is empowering now, but when I was a kid it was othering and it was, it was a reminder that our education systems treat us as historical relics and we often don't get education about indigenous communities or peoples after the 18 hundreds. But I discovered my purpose in 2004 during a presidential campaign mentioning that it's not all presidential campaigns. And what I recognized was that there wasn't the infrastructure in New Mexico and I organized the 10 Southern Pueblos in the state. But what struck me was even in a state where we make up over 10% of the population that very little people knew about our communities, engaged with our communities, asked us what mattered to our communities.


And nationally we make up about 3% of the population. And in places like Arizona, New Mexico, Montana, we are a very powerful voice. So with an organization like ours, we're creating space for native leaders to thrive in systems that were not created for us. And to be clear, the native leaders are not representing only native communities, we are representing all communities. And one aspect of that is voting for sure. But we're building space for native visionary leaders to be able to step into our power. And there are a few things more incredible than watching somebody come into one of our leadership training programs, really timid and shy about how they got there.


They had been nominated, they self-selected, but once they are leaving our programs, they're saying, I am going to be the next governor of my state. And watching that transformation is something that is just so incredible that I have the deep honor and our team has a deep honor of being able to help shepherd. But engaging in systems of democracy is, is acceptable, accessible to everyone. And we're building pathways. It's not perfect by any means, but it's progress. And my encouragement to everybody here is to be what you're fighting for. I am fighting for our existence of indigenous peoples to continue. I'm also fighting for queer people. I am proudly queer.


I am fighting for women, I am fighting for joy and I am fighting for our ability to be able to dream. So that's a little bit about my story. It's really incredible to be here. I Yes, I love that. And and I, and I love, I love the purpose of this organization. And I wonder, let's say you have to kind of make the case for why, I mean it makes sense that anyone who's native would buy in to the purpose of this organization. But can you make the case for why, let's say your average white guy would care about this organization?


Yeah, you know, I mean I feel like research shows us that people want a more reflective democracy. An average white guy has a vested interest in understanding the demographic shift of the country and being able to be a part of that shift and recognizing what it means to be able to have more voices in the value of having different voices, different perspectives in our democracy benefits all consistently over time, over decades, over generations. And so we have many white allies in our community and a part of our organization that are working side by side with native leaders, with leaders of color, with women, queer people, trans people, beautiful, smart, qualified, capable, viable leaders.


And we are witnessing that shift of being able to like see what systems power shift looks like and it is important that they recognize and that they are starting to recognize the value in being participatory in that. Yeah, I mean as an Iranian American, I've been fed basically like white stories my whole life. I feel like I totally get it and I could be a great leader to just white families all over the place. If I had, I mean if I had to for office, if I was asked, I mean I could really, I could really hold it down. Okay. And then so here's and and just to it, I know it is something about the current race and, and whatever side you're on, Kamala does not really address her own race in the election.


She kind of famously deflects questions about it. What do you think about that when you are talking to people who you are training to run for office? It's a really good question. When I started actually in 2013, I left, I was a, an investment advisor for an organization where my portfolio was a little over $14 million and I had access to national organizations and leaders and understanding the highest political net wealth funders in the country. And what, and when I left that organization, I went to cosmetology school and I started my own political styling business to help women of color run for office.


And the reason I did it, the world was different then. This is about 2013. But the reason I did it is because the message that we were getting and that what what was attempted to being be fed to us was that we needed to assimilate in order to run. And, and so what I wanted was to be able to remove aesthetics as a barrier to running. I'm so glad that the world is different now and you proudly see people wearing traditional regalia in the halls of congress, in the halls of like government systems all across the country. So my answer to that is that like we are in also a shift and like taking back of our identities. It is like we are in the middle of what that looks like for indigenous women running for office.


We are in part of our training program is helping them to identify what that story looks like to be able to like go to the doors of white neighbors and non-native neighbors and find a connection and to be able to tell them how you are going to work to make the communities better and different and how you are going to fight for them. And to be able to hold that indigenous identity in that process. That has been a long track of us being able to get there and identify what it means to be able to hold white supremacy in this model of like this shift of like how we are moving outside of that and how we are able to be representative and how we are moving forward, how that relates to Kamala's journey. I have no clue, but how that, what that looks like for native leaders and native women in particular is something that we are very proudly and very visibly shifting every single day.


Thank you so Much for sharing your civic story. Ladies and gentlemen, Anathea Chino. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. That was Anathea Chino and Nain Farsad at TED next 2024. This conversation was made in partnership with Pivotal Ventures. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Sica SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Race the Runner Race, the sales race, the sales captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


And now two pigeons. Be moaning. The fact you can choose the TV you want with Direct Tv. So now they can pick out their favorite entertainment when they sign up and save money. Well, la da you mean If you like sports, you can get a sports pack. What about entertainment? Entertainment Pack? It's like finding an old pizza with only your favorite toppings, which for me would be Pineapple and toenails. Ew, pineapple Pay for the TV you want. Not the TV you don't. Visit DirecTV stream.com. Service renews monthly at then prevailing rate unless you cancel online. New eligible customers only restrictions apply.


Hi, I'm Maya from Girls At Invest Tax season is all about preparation. And if you're like most people managing your financial logins and documents, securely can feel overwhelming. One password can help bring order to the tax prep chaos all in one place. Right now you get 25% off your first year of one password individual or 50% off your first year of one Password families at one password.com/girls that invest. That's 25 or 50% off your first year at one P-A-S-S-W-O d.com/girls that invest or lowercase one password.com/girls that invest.