
TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. cy@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


How will humans and machines work together in the future? We spend so much time discussing how the world's changing. It would be absolutely absurd to believe the role of the CEO is not. This is Imagine this, a podcast from BCG that helps CEOs consider possible futures for our world and their businesses. Listen wherever you get your podcast,


Being a changemaker is tireless work. BMW knows that better than anyone constantly pushing innovation. The BMW seven series and all electric I seven removes all distraction for a rejuvenating driving experience. Enjoy the luxurious cabin with rear executive lounge seating. Transform your ride with massaging seats and enhance your atmosphere with the panoramic Sky Lounge, LED roof. All details have been tailored for you, so you can experience the BMW seven series fully made. For those who appreciate detail by those who are obsessed with it. Learn more about the innovative BMW seven Series and available as a 100% electric i7@bmwusa.com.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. How do we build tomorrow's workforce for the climate transition? Climate advocate? Joshua m Ponem says it won't work if young people in the global South aren't leaders of this transition. In his 2024 talk, he points out the need for a mindset shift to secure and support global south leadership In the crucial transition to clean fuels At the Africa Climate Summit, I met with a group of young climate leaders from across the continent as the strategy director for the Youth Climate Justice Fund.


They were very eager to Talks, Odoo me about funding opportunities for their projects. And I was even more keen to Talks Odoo them as about 80% of all the applications we receive for grants come from Africa. And I've been struck by the difference in the applications when compared to the ones who receive from North America or from Europe. So I asked them, why did the majority of you apply to the fund to plant trees or to collect waste in order to generate income? Why not become forest data analyst or carbon market experts to support the existing initiatives that are already planting trees? I've been wondering about this. How do we build tomorrow's workforce and talent for this transition?


If some group of young people have the mindset of doing the hard work and others making opportunities from it? I believe this is deeply rooted in the trenches of colonialism, and sadly, we still need global North partners to fundraise for our work or even to be trusted. A very depressing reality, and this has affected most of our workforce in Africa, to believe that their role in this transition is doing the labor intensive work like planting trees or artisanal mining for critical minerals, yet very low income while others look at the lucrative facets. As we think about this massive transition that we need to move our world away from fossil fuels and extraction, I think we have two options in how we get there.


Option one, global health institutions and industries deploying solutions in global south countries and we in the global south are expected to be grateful, but our lives are not truly changed and our capacity suppressed. This is what we've currently invested in mentally and financially. So I want to propose a new vision. A vision where the young people from the global south who will be most impacted by this transition are the leaders of the transition. And in regions like Africa, where 70% of our population are below the age of 30, there is an need to rethink, refocus, and reinvest in their talent.


I want you to join me in challenging the narrative that we don't have time to engage local communities or to build local talent because of the urgency to meet global climate targets. As a matter of fact, we might not meet any of those targets on the time skills that we need for this transition to happen. If we do not change this mindset, this is what stands in between us and an opportunity for a transition that secures global south leadership. So I'll give you three examples from academia, finance and policy that are changing and must continue to change. For the second vision to be a reality, first we need to build a pipeline of talents that are focusing on solutions in our academic institutions.


Between 2016 and 2020, 70% of the most cited climate research papers were altered in global north institutions. Even worse, 78% of all climate funding dedicated for climate research in Africa ended up in global health institutions. A very absurd science inequality. In 2013, when I was being as an undergraduate student, that was the first time I came across the word climate change. Much of the conversation focused on the problems because my university did not have the tools, equipment to allow us and equip us on the solutions.


So we learn about independent impacts, which are today's reality, and I still see the same challenge today. Young people across the global around frontline communities are in institutions that do not have this capacity. So earlier this year, I went back to my alma mater and refurbished the Environmental Science Laboratory with Green Africa Youth Organization, the same organization I founded in the university. We are scaling this effort across four universities in Africa, introducing new programs, courses, and providing resources so that our students, tomorrow's workforce can be leaders in current and emerging climate solutions, whether that being reduction carbon markets or climate intervention.


But the huge science inequality and the gap in Africa cannot be solved by this alone. We will need initiatives like this to scale all across the continent. Our researchers need to be the lead author. Our universities need to hold the research funding finance. We need to finance the just transition. Life is serious about it. You've probably heard this statement before. Local communities and indigenous communities have a lot of wisdom to solve the climate crisis or today's generation is the last generation to solve the climate crisis. You've probably said that one before, but how much resources are going to these?


These groups out of the recent $1.7 billion committed to land rights, only 2.4% as of today have gone to indigenous groups. Our research shows that less than 1% of climate philanthropy goes to young people. The world of business is no different. Majority of investors are so risk averse that they wouldn't invest in local communities, meaning no local leadership, no, just credit. We can't achieve this transition, and it's not gonna be possible if we can't trust resources in the hands of local communities and in the hands of young people who are out the workforce for this transition.


This is why we set up the Youth Climate Justice Fund. In less than two years, we've committed $2.1 million to about 90 groups across 40 countries, all from historically underfunded communities. We are seeding these groups so they can work with other generations to understand the instances that put their communities where they find themselves today, but also to learn from that and ensure that the changes they're implementing today can be lasting and sustained. Third policies, policies are the fuels that drive transitions, and the transition can lead to a drastic collapse or a beautiful opportunity, knowing very well that transitions that lack justice and inequality will lack durability and it's gonna be a missed opportunity.


For instance, in the next five years, the transition to renewable energy is expected to generate 2 million jobs across Africa. Most of those jobs are going to be scaled and they will differ by location. While solar will lead in Kenya and South Africa, hydro will be the job creating opportunity for Ethiopia and DRC. Now, what policies are going to be in place to take advantage of this moment that is ahead of us to transfer our informal economy, which makes up 83% of employment on the continent to take these skills jobs. Unfortunately, they don't exist yet, so I can share that with you. What I'll do is to tell you one example of emerging initiatives that are showing hope for such policies in the future.


And for that, let's look at the transition to circular economy in Africa. In cities like Accra, Durban, Dala, the transition has led informal waste. Workers who are most impacted by this transition put them in policymaking situations with young people through zero waste initiative. And in Accra, this project have created numerous jobs, have reduced as much emission in a single municipality compared to a round free flight from Acrow to London and have been shortlisted for the headshot price. By doing this, the informal waste workers who be most affected have secured themselves their local leadership and ownership better and more sustainable income, social protection, and their inclusion in the formal economy.


These cannot be isolated examples. This is what we need to take advantage of the opportunities for this transition. So when I look back at my conversation with the young people at the summit, I didn't leave that room with despair or a sense of hopelessness. Rather, I had a new resolve. I saw their desire to lead and the ambition to become more than the hands that plant trees. They wanted to be leaders of this transition. And in that moment, I realized that we actually know how to do this. Africa is a leader in this transition. We have the workforce, we have the talent, and we have the knowledge, and we know what is at stake, that if we do not engage our young people, we've already failed.


So as you are in this dilemma, this transition is our opportunity to make sure that the young people in Africa and across the global south are not workers in the field, but rather they can be forest data analysts, they can be engineers and innovators, they can be executive leaders in boardrooms, and they can be leaders on a global stage. Thank you. That was Joshua and Panum at TED Countdown's Dilemma event in Brussels.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com's slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Support for the show comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member. FDIC.


Support for the show comes from omg. Yes, omg yes. Dot com is the binge watch for more intimacy. It is a site with hundreds of short videos sharing new findings from the largest ever research study into sexual pleasure Done in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such open evidence-based, honest portrayals of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious that's how it should be. I love what OMG Yes is about what it stands for. The techniques that are beautifully organized and presented. It includes women of all sorts of age groups and various experiences. No shame around sex. And it delights me. It made me want to learn more. There's so much about the site that I think can be meaningful to so many of our listeners. It's a one-time payment for permanent access, not a subscription, like an intimacy treasure map that couples can explore forever. So treat yourself or give it as a gift@omgyes.com. That's omg yes.com.


Support for the show comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One. NA member. FDIC.