
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. As we watch the world's best athletes represent their countries at the Olympic Games, we thought it would be fun to look back at how this all got started so many thousands of years ago. Educator Armand, Dan Gore takes us back in time to ancient olympiads and connects it to the modern games we're all enjoying. It's coming up after a break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso, Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury Cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. An independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space. The Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright brothers and why leeches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/side door.


Thousands of years in the making. What began as part of a religious festival honoring the Greek god Zeus in the rural Greek town of Olympia has today become the greatest show of sporting excellence on earth. The inception date in 7 76 BC became the basis for the Greek's earliest calendar where time was marked in four year increments called Olympiads. What could it be? Why It's the Olympic Games. Of course, competition fosters excellence or so thought the ancient Greeks. In addition to sporting events, contests were held for music, singing, and poetry. You can read about them all yourself.


In classical literary works like Homer's I and Virgil's in idiot, even mythical heroes appreciate a good contest every now and then. Wouldn't you say? For the first 13 games, the ancient Greek Olympics featured just one event, the 200 yard dash. But over time, new exciting contests like boxing chariot and mule racing, and even a foot race where the competitors wore A full suit of armor enticed many hopeful champions into the Olympic stadium. The combined running, jumping, wrestling, javelin, throwing, and hurling the discus event known as the pentathlon inspired world class competition.


And the Pancreat, A no holds bar fight where only biting and eye gouging for prohibited ensured the toughest men were victorious and victorious. They were nobody tops the local baker Khorus, who in 7 76 BC became the very first Olympic champion and will never forget or sip of Neite, the seven 20 BC Olympic victor who tore away his loincloth so he could race unimpeded, inaugurating the ancient Greek tradition of competing in the nude. Now, there's a winning streak, if ever we've seen one. But all good things must end.


In 3 91 ad the Christian Roman Emperor Theodosius banned pagan practices. So the world soon bid a fond farewell to the Olympic Games And now back to the episode. But just like those early Panion athletes, you can't keep a good one down. And 1500 years later in 1896, the modern Olympic Games kicked off in Athens, Greece. Today, the summer and Winter Olympics bring international world class athletes together by the thousands uniting fans by the billions for the world's foremost sporting competition.


CTUs Altius Forus three, cheers for the Olympics.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


That was educator Armand Dan Gore for TED Ed. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PRX.