
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show. You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day.


I'm your host, Elise Hu. We all tell little white lies sometimes. Is that okay? This comedic talk is all about well lying, comedian, writer, and podcaster. Athena Kugblenu lays it all out for us. The good lies, the honest lies, the silly lies, the important lies, and of course the bad ones are thrown in there too. I won't give anything else away. I'll just say, honestly, this isn't one to miss.


This episode is sponsored by Dayforce. Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics, all in a single AI powered people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


If You're anything like us, you love attention, and my favorite way to get all eyes on me is with next level shiny, glossy hair, which Is why we're so excited to tell y'all about the new Lameer Gloss collection from the Girlies at Tresme And Gigglers. We've got you too because Tresme partnered with us to bring you one 800 Gloss. A special bonus episode of Giggly Squad where Hannah and I give advice on all things hair and giving gloss. Check out the episode and grab the Lamellar Gloss collection today because I'm officially declaring this spring gloss season.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend simply safe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking, simply, safe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new Simply Safe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simply safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


I could not live without lying. I'm British. If you ask me how I am, I will always say I'm fine. I could have just stubbed my toe. I could have lost all my money on cryptocurrency, but don't worry, I'm fine. It's not just us. Absolutely. No one on this planet could live without lying. Imagine telling the truth when your doctor asks you how much alcohol you drink in a week on average.


I'll give you a figure, but it'll be my weekend average. I told you I'm British. We drink our alcohol in pint glasses. If you dunno what a pint glass is, it's a glass you can fit your fist into. Lying is useful. It can keep us in denial of our responsibilities. It can help us avoid protracted conversations we don't want to have. Sometimes lying is the right thing to do. God forbid you should ever find me underneath the wheels of a bus for goodness sake, do not tell me the truth.


Tell me for a fact you know that I'm going to be okay. Okay? Don't accurately list all the bones in my body that are broken. Tell me that I am going to make it to watch the next Avatar movie. Give me hope. We tend to think of lying as something bad people do to manipulate us when they want us to believe something that isn't true. When most of the time for the day-to-day lies, it's just nice ordinary people lying because in that moment it's easier than telling the truth. For example, oh, I'll be there in five minutes.


When you haven't left the house yet, have you or this is a good one. I've read the terms and conditions. No one reads the terms and conditions. Now I've got a 3-year-old and a 5-year-old. Okay? Kids that age, I dunno why they don't like to brush their teeth. So to get my kids to brush their teeth, I say, do you want me to throw your iPad in the bin? Do you want me to put it in the bin? It's a lie. I'm not gonna put their iPad in the bin. But there's two stereotypes about British people. One about the state of our teeth and one about the state of our drinking.


Okay? I only want them to fall into one of those stereotypes. So I lie to get them to brush their teeth and it works. And of course it's a lie like I'm not gonna put the iPad in the bin. No warranty will give me my money back 'cause my kids are naughty And it's my iPad. I think the trick is, is to ask this question, am I lying for my good or for someone else's good? I wrote a children's book about lies. I combed history for lies that are well established as untrue 'cause I want to find that line between the kind of lie we tell every day and the kind of lie we'd like to distance ourself from.


The kind of lie that you might tell a bride when you say, I love the bride made dress. You chose, It's Just my color. It's hideous. But that's a good lie. It's not about you, it's about the bride. It's her day should have the dresses she wants Or The kind of lie you tell to the elderly billionaire you're about to marry. When you say you love them, that's a bad lie. You should not get married for money, right? You should get married for a Netflix password. I think it's the selfish lies we need to deal with, okay?


The kind of lies that might make people money, the kind of lies that might harm others, the kind of lies that might win people votes. We need to get better at distinguishing between the acceptable lies and the unacceptable lies. And the way to do this is to get fib literate. Want to be qualified in fibs? Ask yourself this question. When you're given the opportunity to lie or when you've been given information and you're not sure it's true, ask yourself Who Will benefit? Some examples, you get home late, you're tired, your partner was supposed to put the bins out.


They have not worse. They're gonna go out and you are gonna have to do the job yourself. And before they leave, they ask you, are you mad? You're Furious, you're incensed, but you say, I'm not mad. That could be a good lie. Okay? They can take the bins out and next week it's not a big deal. You're furious 'cause you're tired. It's not a big deal. That's a good lie. Who benefits from that lie? Both of you in that relationship. Another example, you've gone out with your friend, you've gone to the club, your friend has driven whilst in the club, they've drunk five pints of wine On the way out the club.


They say, I'm good to drive. It's okay. It's a short drive. We barely have to do two right turns. It's not a problem. I'll get you home. That is a bad lie. Okay? Who's gonna benefit from that lie? Nobody that could harm others. The key to literacy is to apply the question. Who will benefit to any scenario? Take the mortgage crisis. Who benefited when lenders believed what the borrowers were telling them? Who benefited when everyone believed the lenders, when they acted British and said, oh, we are fine. Nothing to see here. The lies were building up like dirty laundry and thought a stench became too bad to ignore or take smoking.


Who benefited when they lied about our ill health? They made smoking look so cool with their lies. Imagine that picture of Audrey Hepburn in that iconic picture from breakfast at Tiffany's with a vape. We wouldn't change that cigarette through anything, but it's still a bad lie. The act of lying is necessity that we need to use and it's an act of social grace. Oh, I love that present. You bought me. Thank you. You're cook and taste delicious. We're actually very skillful in the seat. What we need to get more skillful in is determining the difference between the acceptable and unacceptable lie.


We cannot vaccinate ourself from lies, but by asking the question who will benefit? We can build resilience to deception. I feel very bad to tell you all that we're all on the lion train, but the question is, are you going to get off on the good stop are the bad stop. You're right. Not to lie, that was a terrible analogy. It was terrible. I'm sorry, but you get what I mean. And I'd like to take this moment to say, this is an absolute honor. Thank you TED, for giving me the greatest moment of my life.


No, no. Sit down. Sit down. Love, sit down, love. That was a lie. I'm sorry it wasn't the greatest moment of my life. Do you wanna know what the greatest moment of my life was or still is? Do you wanna know what the smoke of my life is? Yeah. Once I got given a hotel breakfast for free, it was a pretty good moment. Pretty good moment, but this comes close. Thank you. That was Athena Kugblenu at TED Next in 2024.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


This episode is sponsored by Dayforce. Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics, all in a single AI powered people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy. Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes. If there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you still think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.