
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, a thoughtful and humorous reflection today on what a grownup leader learned from the young people who are part of his team, the CEO and founder of our turn, Mohan Siva Logan, and shares at the 2024 TED Ed Educator Talks event. How following the model of Leadership set by young people presents a hopeful and promising path forward. And we can do it all without trying to drop in Gen Z slang. That would be cringe after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC. Support for the show comes from Brooks Running. My friends at Brooks sent me the amazing new Ghost sixteens. I don't know about y'all, but having new shoes, especially really lightweight ones that I like, get me out there.


It's like enough motivation just to have that soft cushioning. You can take your daily joy ride in these better than ever Ghost sixteens now with nitrogen infused DNA loft V three cushioning, so lightweight, so soft, it'll help you turn your everyday miles into everyday endorphins. Let's run there. Visit Brooks Running dot com to learn more. TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are.


And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and now our TED talk of the day. My first job outta school was at Procter and Gamble. Shortly after launching my career, I sat down at a restaurant with my parents, Sri Lankan immigrants who came to the country, poor, nothing in their pockets, but became immensely successful through careers in public service. My mom is a teacher, my dad with the US government, and it gave me this opportunity to be able to lean across the table and tell them that my vision for my career was to become the CEO of Procter and Gamble.


And just like y'all, we all took it in, took a deep breath, but I knew I could do it. I had the skills, I had the ambition. I'd even taken the Myers-Briggs personality test, right? I was assessed as an ENTJ, which meant that I was extroverted, intuitive thinking, judging, or some might call it The commander. Studies have shown that TJs are the most common personality types among CEOs. So I had it in me and I researched what is it that CEOs do?


And I found a certain blueprint. I found that they're assertive directive. There's a real command and control to how they show up. So I tried to apply that blueprint to my first job at Procter and Gamble, and I was surprised by the results Because I was magnificently, spectacularly failing. The response to my quote unquote Leadership was so toxic that I was placed on a performance improvement plan. You can't make this stuff up.


So for y'all who don't know, you're on a performance improvement plan. You are closer to being fired than being CEO. All right, first job outta school. Clearly I had to make some changes. Of course, I'm still gonna be the commander. Don't get me wrong. I had to make some adjustments along the way. Had to make some tweaks. And ultimately, I became CEO, not of Procter and Gamble, granted, because I, I would've flown in here on a private jet today instead of taking the subway like y'all, you know? But CEO of an organization called our Turn a movement that uplifts the voices and change-making ability of young people to be able to create a thriving education system. There are two things I discovered upon becoming A CEO.


First one does not simply walk into more door. Everything you've heard, in other words about the less glamorous side of being a CEO, it's true. You lose your cover. So whenever something goes well, it's everybody else. It's because of them. Whenever something goes wrong, it's on you. The second thing I learned was that in order to be an effective CEO, I needed to follow the lead of young people. You think about the past few years, just how much our minds or culture, schools, politics have been absorbed by the idea of critical race theory. And what's ironic is, is not just that adults have dominated the argument, but that adults have basically been throwing the same argument back and forth at each other.


One side says you're bringing politics and indoctrination into the classroom. And then the other side says, you are bringing politics and indoctrination into the classroom. I'm a parent. I know what's right in education. No, I'm a parent. I know what's right in education. You're making my kid hate themself, and my culture is under attack. No, no, no, no. You are making my kid hate themself and my culture under attack. You basically had the equivalent of the Spider-Man pointing meme is everybody pointing back and forth at each other, right? But young people were having a very different conversation. They were talking about the need for accurate history in their education, the need to be seen as full, well-rounded individuals to be able to build community with one another.


There was a conference that took place with 300 plus education leaders, and the person who stole the show was a student named Jalen Adams. On a panel discussion, she shared an experience from the fifth grade where her teacher made everybody in the class go on the carpet in the middle line up in rows and pretend to be on a slave ship. Some of the kids were appointed to be overseers, which meant that if anybody said something or did something that was outta line, they could be thrown off the ship. Jalen told us about how she came back home that night, crying profusely, feeling traumatized, wondering why did she have to go through that dehumanizing experience?


There was another gathering, 2,500 people participating in a virtual press conference talking about the need for culturally inclusive curriculum in schools. Once again, the person who stole the show was a student named Sidney Griffin. She illustrated why it's so critical for young children of color to learn about their own history and how when you expose children to new cultures and new experiences, ultimately they all feel more seen, more accepted. It forges a new generation of pioneers towards equity. And now back to the episode, That vision of a new generation of pioneers towards equity is what inspired young leaders to create a campaign.


At our return called Truth ed. They created toolkit so that young people from coast to coast that could elevate their stories, organize, speak outta school board meetings, they fostered spaces for young folks to be able to collaborate, not divide and antagonize adult leaders like superintendents, school board members, philanthropists, where they could forge that new future together. So while you had adults who were out there arguing with one another, trying to suppress access to knowledge and history through book bands, young people were able to successfully stop book bands in places like Texas and Pennsylvania and beyond by organizing petitions, making sure their school boards heard what they had to say.


They even went on offense, creating band, book clubs and libraries, spaces where community members could be able to come together, learn from one another, engage in constructive conversation, and build bridges. We're in this time where there is a rampant negativity around public education, but young people are leading a transcendent movement. It's a movement that people want to be a part of. I've been on the front row to examples of Youth Leadership time and time again, and I've been able to discover four critical lessons to up my game as a CEO first. Sure. We've all seen CEOs, people like myself, who step on stages like this and say, I have a grand vision for how we're gonna change the world, and it's gonna happen through a strategic plan.


No, you know, this might be a first TED history 'cause I intentionally gave you the opposite of an applause line. You can replace strategic plan with logic model or anything else you learn in your MBAs, and that stuff is valuable, don't get me wrong, but it doesn't inspire. I recall something I learned from Tati Martinez, a high school senior when I asked them to describe the Leadership of young people. They said, we as young people have been through so much seeing the world burn in front of our eyes, being locked in our homes from the outside in. And all of that has made us emotionally intelligent.


It has made us want to foster empathy and community building the breakthrough power of youth. Leadership leans heavily on emotional intelligence. Number two, I've been forced to confront just how trapped I've been by frameworks, assessments, personality tests that tell me the right way to lead. But young people have boundless ingenuity. I've seen young people drive positive change and results through everything from policy resolutions to poetry competitions. And that has motivated me to expand my own toolbox to understand. Number three, I want you to picture yourself at a campfire. It's been a long journey to get to this point.


You're, you're tired. Your clothes are maybe cake with dirt, with sweat surrounded by loved ones. Now, can you picture someone leaning forward across that campfire glows in their face and they say, Hey, can you tell me about your Google Sheets metrics dashboard? Anyone? I got shade for days. Y'all equal opportunity shade distributor. That's me. No, that doesn't happen. People want stories. Strategies come and go, but stories are forever. And young people are storytellers.


They're truthtellers. Even a few months ago, I never could have imagined publicly sharing that I was on a performance improvement plan. But you needed to know my story. You needed to know my truth to go on this journey with me. And number four, just think about how often we've been boxed in by false choices. You could be financially successful or you can pursue purpose. You can have wellbeing, or you can have academic achievement. Your team Taylor, or your team Beyonce. But young people reject false choices. They lean into the power of, and that breeds inclusivity, which unlocks possibility.


I've been fortunate to be able to apply these lessons in multiple contexts over the past few years during a time of massive environmental change like the Great Resignation. And what I'm most proud of is that in our recent staff surveyed our return, 100% of people said they would strongly recommend our return as a place to work. I believe that happens when you have a work environment where people feel seen, where they're in true community with one another, where they can pursue bold ideas without fear. So what can you do? Well, I have three tips. One, get proximate. Hire young people to your team, attend their events.


Learn about their insights, learn about their experiences, and their recommendations for the future. Number two, change your language. And to be clear, to be clear, I'm not telling you to pick up Gen Z slang. I don't want you going around saying, you watched this talk by Mohan, and he said like, start saying lit, no cap and drip. Do not put that on me. Change the way you describe Leadership isn. Number three, hold yourself accountable. Train yourself up on these skills. Rethink your hiring criteria. Rethink your admissions criteria. I was at a convening with other social justice leaders recently, and at the end, someone pulled me to the side, they said, Hey, you know, it looks like everybody else here, they're doing jobs, but you look like you're having fun.


I said, you're absolutely right. Like I am having fun. And it's because I have proximity to the Leadership of young people, and it fills me with hope. And young people also remind me day in and day out, that Leadership, it's not a title. Just being a CEO doesn't make me a leader. Leadership is a verb, and it requires action. So if we wanna stand on the right side of history and fulfill our responsibilities as leaders, then we need to stand with and follow the model of Leadership demonstrated by young people right now. And that's no cap. Thank you, Support for TED.


Talks Daily is from progressive home of the name your price tool. You can say how much you wanna pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. It's easy to start a quote. Visit progressive.com to get started. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, price and coverage match limited by state law. Hi, I'm Bala sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right?


You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


That was Mohan Siva, Logan Nhan at the TED Ed Educator Talks event in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening. PR.