
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. The transition to clean energy has to happen, but it comes with a cost In certain parts of the world where minerals needed for renewables are sometimes violently fought over Ugandan peace and reconciliation advocate, Victor ochin reminds us of this reality and the need to remember the global south as we confront our climate future after our short break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


TED Talks Daily is sponsored by adt. ADT knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on adt, visit adt.com today.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/side door.


And now our TED talk of the day, The world Today, it's no longer news that we are grappling with the devastating effects of climate change. Communities are searching for solutions, try to turn the tide onto the future that at times really looks so depressing and there is no place this is more real than in the continent of Africa. But of course, conversations about climate change often miss out on accounting for the most critical barrier to climate solution, which is conflict. I got to know about this through my personal experience as a survivor of war, but also working with a population that has been living through conflicts for eagles.


If, you may, I would love to share with you a story based on my personal encounter with the communities that I work with. And we're going through today, difficult times of climate change. I'm from Uganda recently in my home district of Lira. A woman was arrested because she had cut the sheer trees and burned the charcoal into fuel and it's a crime in Uganda. I saw her being walked to the police station and I decided to ask her. I said, my sister, I see you are being taken and you'll be charged for this crime. But I have a question for you. If, you were forgiven for this crime today. Do you promise that you'll never do it again?


The frustrated woman looked at me and told me and said, you know what? Even if they release me right now, I would do it again. I would do it again because only through burning charcoal that I can raise money to pay for my children's education. And it's only through burning charcoal that I can raise money to meet the medical bills for my children who are always falling sick of malaria. So the truth is, I will do it again. This is the story for many in Uganda, beautiful country with so much potential, but always undermined by a near constant state of violent conflict. And you know, in a community where poverty and unemployment is so high, fight against climate change is a almost a, a losing battle.


But when you look through across Africa, you find that most of the countries most vulnerable to climate crisis are going through some sort of conflict. When you look through Sahel region, you find there's always constant attack classes between the herding, the farming, and the fishing communities over diminishing land and water resources. Of course, with not so much option, humanity will always do anything possible to for survival. I remember this first hand when I was growing up as a child in war zone in Northern Uganda, I myself had to cut the trees to ban charcoal, to raise money to meet the basic needs, but most importantly, pay for my education and education that has enabled me to be able to stand before you to give this speech today.


Now the big question is how can we make it? What can we do to create an alternative to environmental destruction and provide economic means that will support conditions necessary for peace? That's the biggest question we should be asking ourselves today. I remember, I think about this a lot through my work at African Youth Initiative Network in it where for decades we have been supporting war survivors from Uganda, from Congo, from Sudan and South Sudan, and we have been able to mobilize young people to make them game changers for peace and development. We mediate in community conflict and supported agricultural activities as a mechanism provide youth economic alternative to violence.


And we have been successful. So the success of this work we have done is a clear manifestation of how a local initiative can greatly impact on economic empowerment, on conflict resolutions, and on climate change. And every time I think about this, I do believe this an opportunity for Africa to also impact on the world peace. And I sincerely know for sure that for us to achieve this goal, the following three points have always come very strongly in my heart. And first is we need to change the way we are talking about climate change. It is time that we take the climate dialogue beyond just mere weather patterns and allow people understand what they're fighting for, who they're protecting, what will they win or lose based on their action or in actions.


This has always helped us. I remember early last year, I went to my village with my twin brother, Jack. We were welcome with by one of the community elders, Charles. He was so happy to see us, to welcome us home. And he was sad that he couldn't give us some sugar cane, which used to be traditional gift to us, simply because to wetland that used to grow sugar cane and dried up. And he was really sad about it. My twin brother comforted him and told him whether it's changing. What I would encourage is let community do our part by planting trees so that we can attract more rain. When he heard this, he asked my brother, said, Mr. Opi, are you saying as you're saying, trees is good to bring rain now that you're planted so many trees in your in your community?


Is it raining in your garden? To me, this was sincerely the most basic, important organic question that could come from this community, but also made me reflected if at all our global discussions about climate changes is actually responding to the needs at the grassroots. So today in Northern Uganda, sheer trees are no longer producing enough fruits because there's local knowledge that sheer trees do need bush burning in order to stimulate flowering. But also we know bush burning's bad for environment, creating a lot of confusion. And this brings in the issue that contradictory account from experts, from activists, from the government, which it leaves the local communities, has collateral victims of global disagreement.


And this has kept every one of us in the merry-go-round of climate confusion. And now back to the episode, Creating a lot of confusion. Secondly, we need to engage the population that is most affected in this case, the young people, the youth with 70% of Africa below the age of 30 youth represent the largest demographic opportunity for the continent. We have to engage, including youth would be an opportunity to uplift the continent from the devastating poverty. And excluding young people in all the climate activities will benefit conflict.


So we must engage young people. This is because we do know youth are the legitimate honor of the future. So there inclusion is mandatory. And finally, as we seek to mitigate effects of climate change and conflict, it is time to all corporations, government and individuals accountable for committing climate crimes home and abroad. This should be done by establishing international climate court. Today the world is celebrating the transition to clean energy. We are celebrating the progress, but we cannot celebrate the transition to clean energy while being silent about the death and suffering of millions of people in democratic republic.


F for instance, populations have been displaced, millions have been killed, lost properties just because companies or corporations are exploiting their natural resources. And we have seen also rebel groups fighting to take on the far lands, lands rich with minerals in the demographic republic of Congo. The truth is the suffering, the death, the inhumanity we are seeing. Congo is a proof that the road to clean energy is so far the darkest road on the planet. Of course, I'm also worried, I'm worried that the climate crisis will leave the world more divided, especially between the global north and the global south.


I'm also worried that the rich and the poor will be divided, the rural and urban. Why? Because 10% of the world welfare are discussing on reduction of global emission by flying less. And yet greater poorer majority are dreaming for only one time opportunity to fly. And to them, all these climate regulations being proposed appears is an effort to reinforce the preexisting inequality, which has always been meant to keep them poor. This is going to create the division. Lastly, there is an African proverb by legendary South African musician, lucky Dube, who sang the song that says, the night's long for a angry child.


The night is long for angry child. What an image that child could have been your child. Think about that mom, that dad who are powerlessly waiting for the morning to try to get something for the child who can't sleep because he went to bed with empty stomach. If we have opportunity, we should have leadership that are willing to create conditions that will help build the community tomorrow that our children can count on. And lastly, may we realize that the birth of new era would mean we must all understand that climate change and war are intertwined global long-term challenges.


It'll require all of us to work together, and most importantly, mobilize a generation that is so willing to defy violence and work for the good of all of us. Aek, thank you very much.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMG. Yes, solo with your partner. Or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Victor Ochen at the TED Salon Big Bets event in 2024, supported by the Rockefeller Foundation. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.