
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. To solve the lack of land problem in agriculture. One of the solutions is to grow vertically with vertical farming. But the idea hasn't quite taken off. In his 2024 talk entrepreneur Heroi Coga shares why? Thanks to AI powered robots, vertical farming is no longer a futuristic idea, and he shares the promise it is already showing after a break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just, ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks, Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Bala sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead, I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free breakfast for Life, you can go to HelloFresh dot com slash free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's free Breakfast for Life just by going to HelloFresh dot com slash free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit, and now our TED talk of the day.


So here's a strawberry, but not just any strawberry. This one can be up to three times sweeter than a regular one, just like the ones I grew up eating in Japan as a child. When I came home and I saw strawberries in the table, it meant we were celebrating something special. Holidays, birthdays, anniversaries, strawberries are considered the king of fruits in my culture, and they're never sold just as strawberries. They always have their varietal names, A be toto, me, any Japanese person can name a few. Up until now, these strawberries could only be grown under very specific Japanese climate conditions, but today you can grow them anywhere around the world using our vertical farming technology.


So today I'm gonna try to give it a shot and try to convince everyone here that this technology is no longer some futuristic idea, but something that is going to mainstream very quickly, much, much sooner than you'd imagine by sharing some of our secrets. So how did I get here? I grew up in Japan. I came to the US in 2015 to pursue my MBA. On the second day of my arrival, I went to the local grocery store in California. I was amazed by the beautiful produce aisle, green, red, yellow, paprika, side by side. Everything was huge and shiny. The color was incredible, but the taste, I was especially disappointed with strawberries.


I thought I was eating a cucumber, right? I'm sorry. I later learned that this is because the US agriculture system had optimized everything towards mass production as opposed to quality and flavor. But this was the moment that I immediately realized that there's a huge opportunity here if I could grow Japanese quality fruits and vegetables on US soil using vertical farming technology. But back then, experts told me that vertical farms were expensive and they could only grow leafy greens. So your lettuces, your kale's, your spinach, 'cause anything beyond that requires bee pollination. But bees were known not to operate well in a sunless vertical farm environment.


But regardless, my partner, Brendan and I, we decided to tackle this problem and started building our first farm in 2017 with our own hands as two non-engineer MBAs. We nearly lost a few fingers just trying to cut PVC pipes almost electrocuted ourselves a few times, but we were really determined to solve one of the world's largest problems that mankind is facing this century. The failing agriculture system, extreme weather, lack of water, lack of airable, land, heavy use of pesticides, and just not enough workers to keep up with a growing population. All of these things have contributed in the global agriculture production cost.


Vertical farms can actually solve all of these problems. We don't use any pesticides. We can recycle most of the water that we use. We don't even need arable land. In fact, one of our farms used to be a Budweiser factory. Imagine If. you could turn all beer factories around the world into Strawberry Farms. We'd be much healthier, right? Yes, no. Some people think beer is healthy, that's okay. But despite all of these benefits, skeptics still say, well, vertical farms are too costly of a solution. It's not a viable business model. I get it. They're not entirely wrong, right? We are still sort of expensive today, but think about where computers or mobile phones started, right?


The real question is, can vertical farms get there and can we get there quickly enough? What I can tell you is that a pack of our strawberries, they used to go for $50 per pack five years ago. Now they're $10 available and more than a hundred grocery stores on the east coast. So we came here in five years. So you can probably imagine at this pace where we could get to in another five years. We might even be cheaper than conventional products. But how? Right? How is that even possible? Vertical farms look expensive. I hear you.


And now back to the episode. The short answer to that question is that we can innovate so much faster in a vertical farm, and we can also do things traditional farm simply can't do structurally. For example, in a traditional farm, you can only experiment once a year during the season. Under climate, you have no control over. At oi, we have dozens of grow rooms where we can control every aspect of the environment from things like temperature, humidity, CO2 levels, all the way down to even light spectrums and wind speed. So we can conduct experiments so much more efficiently in a controlled manner. And on top of that, we can start these experiments anytime during the year because we're not impacted by the outdoor seasonality at all.


And using this approach, we were able to go from just a few berries on a plant to five times of that in just a matter of five years. If, you try to accomplish something like this in a traditional farm where you can only experiment once a year. It could have taken us nearly 500 years to get to the same outcome. And using this hyper speed experiments, we were also able to accomplish three major breakthroughs, be pollination, AI and robots. Let's start with bees. I know this is everyone's favorite topic. You need bees to grow. Most produce strawberries, tomatoes, melons, peppers, you name it. Because the bees will pollinate the flowers that then become the product.


But bees, they need the sun and the natural environment to navigate. So in a vertical farm, they won't even come out of the hive. Even if they did, they will drunk fly and can't find the flowers. Just like how drunk humans are completely useless, so are drunk bees, they just can't get the job done. On top of that, you need summer between six to 15 visits by a bee to fully pollinate a strawberry flower. Anything less or more will result in mis pollination, meaning you won't have product. So for these reasons, an average Japanese farm, a traditional farm, is set to have a pollination success rate of of somewhere between 60 to 70%, meaning three to four flowers don't even become products in order to solve all of these bee problems.


Brendan and I, we interviewed many, many apologists experts. We spent so much time in the farm observing the bees, ourselves, getting stung at times. Or ultimately, we mapped out every environmental parameter of outdoor farms versus our indoor farms and went one by one and after two years, finally figured out the bee recipe. So today we have bees, we sober bees in our farms doing all the pollination for us. And what's more, with the help of data science and ai, our pollination success rate is above 95%, meaning more than nine flowers out of 10 become berries.


So we're much more efficient than conventional methods. We have these self-driving camera cards that's taking real time visual data of every single plant in the farm, which helps us not only to determine yield and plant health information, but also how much B activity is needed that day to help with a b pollination. These AI powered robots can automatically detect only the ripe berries, pick them automatically, and they can work 24 7. So when data is coupled with AI and robots, you can do so many things you simply can't. In a traditional farm setup, we even figured out how to extend our plant's lifespan.


So our strawberry plants can keep on producing berries 365 days a year as opposed to just a couple months. In a traditional farm, this means we're generating four to five times more revenue per plant per year. So here again, we're significantly more efficient. So these are all of the reasons why even though outdoor farming may seem cheaper, because we can innovate so much faster and because we can do things and achieve efficiencies, you possibly can't in a traditional farm. Vertical farms can actually become cheaper than conventional farming, especially considering how conventional agriculture cost is only to go up from here.


And guess what? We are already doing this at a massive, massive scale. This building, which used to be a plastic factory, is now refurbished, is solar powered. We're recycling majority of the water that we use. This farm is already producing strawberries every single day as we speak. And this technology can be used to grow so many more things beyond strawberries. Vertical farming is no longer some fluffy, futuristic concept, but it's already here as we speak today to change our lives and our planet for the better. Imagine if these delicious, pesticide free, sustainable strawberries were available at your local supermarket every single day just for a few bucks.


Isn't that a sweeter future? Thank you.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the Most. Most.


That was Hiroki Koga speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.