
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I'm also a big fan of pop music songs that are melodic bops. Even if the lyrics seem cheesy or silly, there's a kind of alchemy that happens in pop music that speaks to us because it gets at a kind of truth. At TED 2024 Pop star Kesha shares an appreciation of the depth and the excitement of connecting through this music. She also debuts a brand new song from the TED stage.


Please note there is some mature language in this episode, all that after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso, Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead, I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three, I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/side door.


And now our TED Talk of the day. Welcome ladies and gentlemen, to The alchemy of pop. What else in the world can change your mind? Can change your mood, can change your entire energetic frequency in three and a half minutes. For me, that's pop music and for me, that's alchemy. I'm Kesha and I am a pop star. I am a singer, I'm a songwriter, I'm an activist, and I'm a surprisingly good scuba diver amongst many other things.


But the thing that drives me the most in this life is to write pop songs. And lemme tell you why. For me, songwriting and scuba diving are actually very similar. When I go diving, I like to go deep. I just jump right in that bitch, and I am a cave diver. So I go in and I see this looming darkness and I swim right into it, and I look behind every corner. I leave no stone unturned. That's where the exciting shit happens. When I'm writing a song, I also like to go deep. I like to explore my deepest, darkest thoughts.


This is also where the exciting shit happens. This is where I find my truth. Songwriting is a direct line of communication with the truth. In song, you can say things you can't say out loud to anybody else, not your friends, not your therapist, not your mom. When I'm feeling anything intensely, I know it's time for me to write a song. I don't hide from my emotions. I dive into them. You can write a song and you can not tell the truth, but your song will suck. So, if you would like to write a good song, you have to be honest. You have to sit with yourself and let your truth come.


Whatever it is. This sounds simple, but where it can lead is profound. Songwriting teaches you that all emotions are valid, deserving of curiosity and deserving of a voice. This song called TikTok, I wrote that when I was 21. Yeah, it was way before the app. Don't blame me. I was feeling very playful. I was a young nihilist. I didn't have too many problems at the time. That was so fucking nice. And the dumber the lyrics got, the better the song got. I thought these feelings, they were kind of frivolous.


They were just a guilty pleasure. But those exact emotions, that youthful, playful, pure stupidity made TikTok connect globally in ways I could have never imagined. Now, let me take you to a very different point in my life is 2017, and I had to make a boundary that affected every corner of my life. I found myself in a very ugly litigation with the same person who I had signed the rights to, my recorded voice to. I had lost the rights to my voice, and in that, I felt as if I had lost the rights to myself.


It was very public, it was very painful. I was very angry. So I did what I do with all my emotions, and I wrote my way through it, and that led me to a song called Praying. But so I Thank you.


Thank you. So after TikTok, I wondered if anybody would connect to these uglier emotions coming from me. I'm like, I'm the girl who brushes her teeth with the bottle of Jack, you know? And also who wants to listen to an angry woman? Turns out a lot of fucking people do. That was the first time I was nominated for a Grammy. It's the first time I performed at the Grammys, and I've heard from many people going through their own struggles that this song helped them in some way.


I dove deep into the pain. I didn't hide from it. I alchemized it into something healing not only for me, but inadvertently for other people. I'm now probably gonna cry. I'm now in a drastically different point in my life. On March 6th, 2024, I've gained back legal rights over my own voice, And with it, a newly found freedom for the first time in nearly 20 years.


It's funny how you can lose the rights to your own voice, but you can never lose the rights to your truth. Throughout this journey, songwriting has been my therapist, my best friend, my lover, my drinking buddy, and my higher power. It's where I can be truly honest and I don't claim to be an expert on much, but I've experienced over and over and over how you can create art out of emotion. And through that process, not only heal yourself, but help heal others. And I believe there's an artist in every single one of us. Creation is just exploring.


It's becoming childlike. It's not judging yourself. So I encourage all of you to not be afraid of the intensity inside of you, the stupidity, the rage, the anger, the darkness, all of it. Dive into it, explore it. And I wanna remind you that whether or not you are free, you are entitled to your truth. Find your medium, whatever speaks to you, and let your truth come. You never know who else will need to hear it. You never know who else can heal from it. Please don't take this for granted.


I'd like to share a song I wrote recently. No one has heard this. This is the first time I have shared a new song since I have owned my voice as an adult woman. So this song is called Cathedral. And now back to the episode, Baptized in the So take your time.


I'm summoning mighty. Try it out to be, to look what you find when there's nothing left to lose. I kept on running justing for breath, nothing to trusting because nothing was left. I pray when I'm desperate, I'm down on my knees. Oh my God, I'm the Cathedral. Finally come in home.


Life was so, I'm the Savior. I'm the altar. I'm the Holy Ghost. Pain. Was I Sunlight? It feels good. That's all right. Touch my skin, love my pain away, and God forgive all my mistakes.


Maybe redemption lies in the dark. My ending hides in my mind. Oh my God, the C I'm the Savior I the altar on the Holy Ghost. Pain was who I once was.


She seems so far, I've had to sacrifice her from the star. I'm born again with every scar. I can't control what's written in the Stars being on my knees begging for God. She's there inside. She was just on my mind. The cath, finally, calm home.


Oh God, it feels good. I'm the Savior. I'm the altar. I'm the Holy Ghost. The cath


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner. Or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Kesha at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.