
Race. The Rudder Race. The Sails race. The Sails Captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply


Better. Help Online Therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now wherever you are, to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders, take a deep breath in and out. Feels better, right? That's 15 seconds of self-care. Imagine what you could do with more Visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax,


Raise your hand If you want your nails to look perfect all the time. Me too. I'm Sarah Gibson Tuttle from Olive June. And this is exactly why we created the Manny system. We wanted to make it possible for everyone everywhere to give themselves a beautiful manicure at home with our tools and our long lasting polish. Each manicure with our Manny system comes out to just $2. That's right, $2 no more. 30, 40, $50 Manny's that you get at a salon and they take hours. Now you can paint your nails on your time and love them more than ever. And by the way, when people ask who did your nails, where did you get them done, you're gonna proudly say, I did them myself. Get 20% off your first Manny system with code perfect Manny 20 at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20. That's code perfect. Manny, 20 for 20% off at olive june.com/perfect. Manny 20.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We can all make our stories or conversations better by being brief in her 2024 talk Queen of YouTube shorts. Jenny Hoyos shares some lessons on how to communicate in an engaging way all within 60 seconds. She won't take very long for this talk either. Have you ever wondered how much ice cream you can get for a dollar? Or what's the cheapest thing in an airport? Or if it's faster to go inside or a drive through?


Probably not. But somehow answering these weird questions and sharing those experiences have become my life's work. Now, even though I only have five minutes to share my viral storytelling framework, great stories should be told in less than 60 seconds. And it's not just about becoming a viral social media star, it's about making your conversations better, whether you're with friends, family, or trying to convince your boss for a raise. So here's how to make every second count. Many great stories start with a question because it'll make people stick until the end to find out the answer. And remember, you wanna get your audience attention immediately. So you wanna start by asking something shocking.


And one of the things I've always wondered was that fast food was really as fast as they say. So I answered just this in a video and got over 45 million views. And after you've hooked your audience, you wanna take them on a journey building up to your answer where you want there to feel constant progression. So we're moving closer and closer to our answer. So we feel like we can't stop listening. And in my case, I did just this by saying that I'll be adding tomatoes, lettuce, and cheese to the burger. So now we know how close I am to finishing the competition, thus the video. But if everything is smooth sailing, then nobody cares, which is why we need to add conflict before getting to our answer.


Without conflict, the audience just isn't as invested, which is why I used my mom as the B plot. So you're now not only invested in the competition, but also curious to see what's gonna happen between my mom and I. And after enough buildup, we finally need our answers. Will I cook the burger faster? Will I accidentally set my mom's car on fire? The key here is to build tension by making the answer feel uncertain to make a satisfying ending. And that's it. We cooked faster than the drive-thru. Does it matter that my burger was basically raw?


Absolutely not because the viewers wanted an answer. So I gave it to them quickly and concisely in engaging way, which led our video to getting over 45 million views. And you might be impressed to know that instead of telling this talk in five minutes, I actually did it in four. So you now have an extra minute to practice your 62nd story because if it takes longer to tell your story than it does to make a burger, then you're probably overcooking both. Thank you. That was Jenny Hoyos at TED Next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines.


And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. Race the rudder. Raise the sails. Raise the sails. Captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over.


Roger, wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This podcast is brought to you by wise, the app for doing things in other currencies, sending or spending money abroad. Hidden fees may be taking a cut. That's why you should use wise, get the currency you need where you need it for less. Tap to pay in. Pesos and Cancun, easily move pounds to London from paying overseas bills to sending money to family back home, you have up to 40 currencies in the palm of your hand wise always gives you the real exchange rate like the one you usually see on Google, which means you'll spend less on fees and more of your money gets where you need it to be. Join millions of customers managing their money with Wise. Download the Wise app today or visit wise.com. Terms and conditions apply.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory. You know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRAINGER click granger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.