
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh opportunity exists on the continent of Africa. 60% of its population is under the age of 25, and this is a condition for young entrepreneurs to thrive. says business storyteller Peace Itimi. And in her talk she tells us of a tech revolution that's about to lead a herd of unicorn companies from a Africa coming up after a short sponsor. Message.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual life insurance company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin,


AI is shaking things up and it's fascinating, confusing, and sometimes scary. Our new podcast, the TED AI Show, helps you understand what you need to know about AI and how it's changing our world. I'm your host, BVO sdu, a creative technologist and AI innovator, and I ask experts, artists, journalists, and beyond to guide us through the thrilling world of tech and how it's gonna affect the future of our health, art everyday lives, and so much more. Each episode will leave you more informed and with tools to help you understand how AI will change your future. Check out the TED AI show wherever you get your podcasts, And now our TED talk of the day.


So we all have a great startup story, right? Right, yes. Good. I too. And we particularly love the underdog ones. You know, where a small idea makes it big despite all the odds where many giants are slid before a resounding success. Well, I'm convinced that there's nowhere where this narrative is more captivating or where it echoes more profoundly than in the countries and communities of Africa. Africa has been portrayed over and over again through the lens of outdated myth. The world only sees us as a continent that's clicked by poverty, insecurity, and siled innovation.


You know, a line of endless potential that forever remains unrealized. But yet underneath these tired stereotypes, A new reality has emerged. One where ambitious Africans are writing their own stories as builders and as innovators. We have the youngest population in the world with over 60%, under 25, and this youthful energy combined with increasing access to technology as we seed today has become the perfect recipe for a tech revolution.


We are no longer waiting for the future. We are actively constructing it. See how great as resource is, not the gold, the oil, the damn ones, the platinum. It has always been the people. How do I know this? I spent the last couple of years bringing African tech talent founders and founders together to events, organize and also hosting a series on YouTube called Founders Connect. True Founders Connect. I have interviewed over 80 African tech entrepreneurs who shared their stories with me, their lessons, their challenges, their ies. So I'll tell you some of those stories. One of that is one of Nigeria's tech Matrix.


Her name is Funke. We call her Auntie Funke. She's the founder of Main One, and in 2008, she decided to tackle the issue of internet connectivity in Nigeria, and she ended up laying with them the first privately owned under sea cable in West Africa stretching 7,000 kilometers all the way from Portugal in Europe to West Africa. This board move resulted in a surge of internet speeds in the country. For context, the earlier cables had 800 gigabytes in capacity, but one lead by mean one came with 10 terabytes.


That was over a thousand percent increasing capacity. The results and explosion of tech startups in Nigeria that have now become the lifeblood of our economy. This initial trickle that started at the time of Andon Care kept going into a massive current of new startups by mid to late 2010s. An example is another of my favorite stories. Pig is the first online service and investment app in Nigeria, and it was founded in 2016 by Sum Toi or Winnie and Joshi and they're serial entrepreneurs. Piggy Vest has helped over 4.5 million Nigerians to save well over $1.4 billion.


That's a lot of money. Imagine the impact they have made in lives of people and the momentum kept going and going and going even further. In 2020 when Pay Stack a company that helps businesses get paid easily online became one of Africa's biggest startup stores. The founders, Israel Luby and Sheila Kade were the first Nigerians to get into Y Combinator. And in 2020 when they sold their company to Stripe for $200 million, I mean, they made a lot of money for themselves obviously, but also they returned 1400% ROI to their any backers, many of whom were local investors in the country, thus giving money back to the ecosystem that has allowed them invest in more companies.


And they respect You believe in just how big Nja commun could go. I think even the earlier pioneers, like anti phone care lit Spark. What Pace Stack did was that the set raging fire across the entire n Nigeria ecosystem, because their acquisition did not just raise headlines, it also resulted in the pay stock mafia similar with the PayPal Mafia, right? Very similar as they've gone to create iconic companies, there are now at least 10 former pay stock staffers that have spawn out their own ventures, the beauty and fantastic solutions in open banking, tech talent outsourcing. They're building FinTech neobanks.


They're building on demand food and grocery solutions. They're basically pushing the boundaries of what is innovation in Africa. And now, back to the episode 15 years ago, the text in Nigeria was so nascent that people say it was practically non-existent. But I kid you not If, you walk through the streets of Lagos today, you see tone of young people who are attending 10 conferences, who are collaborating coworking spaces, who are brainstorming ideas in cafes. And let me be clear, right? Let's not make a mistake.


I'm not this entrepreneur, I'm awakening. I'm talking about is not a localized event. It's a Pan-African revolution because what is happening in Lagos today, it's happening across the entire continent in East Africa. There are companies like Tegu Foods that's connecting consumers, vendors, and suppliers to high quality product, food and retail services. There are FinTech businesses like Cobo Copo that's helping other businesses accept digital payments easily, while also providing access to credit. In South Africa, companies like Stage are pushing the frontiers in areas like open banking. The world views Africa from a place where our struggles are amplified, but then our rituals are minimized.


The result is everyone is missing this reality of a continent, of duals, of creators, of builders. And I'm not just talking about local players who are only building regional solutions because the builders of my generation, we have the boundless ambition, but also the ability to give you technological powerhouses that will put Africa on the global stage just like our music Afrobeat is doing. So raise yourselves. I don't think it'll be long anymore before we stop comparing African startups to their Western counterparts. But our Western companies will begin to benchmark themselves against the wave of unicorns that's coming out of the African soy.


Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Beloved Sadhu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was pi e speaking at TED 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Estefani, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.