
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, Brazil based waste picker. Alene Soza is part of the majority of women who do the world's trash and recycling work. In her talk, she lays out the opportunity for sustainable impact that could be seen across the waste management system. If we rethink the value of waste pickers work, she gives her talk in her native Portuguese, and we've dubbed it for you in English. It's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso, Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED, the Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin,


and now our TED talk of the day. Hello, I'm a Soza. I'm 34 years old and I am a waste picker. I'm also the third generation of pickers in my family and have seven children. I've been helping my grandmother with recycling works since I was 14, picking the waste or sorting it at the cooperative. I know that recycling is a life-changing tool, not only for my family, but for every picker who works with me at the cooperative. The. improper handling of waste is the third largest source of methane in the world and the second largest in Brazil.


Historically, trash is a huge problem in global south countries, and we are always there regardless of service assistance collecting and selecting where there's not an efficient and formal service. We are leading the effort to reduce methane emissions in our sector. I represent Brazil's pickers in the National Movement of Pickers or NMP. I am also the president of Cent Co-op, which is the second largest cooperative central for waste pickers. In Brazil, we have approximately 20 cooperatives and about 1000 members associated with them. And here in Brasilia, 72% are women.


The national movement of pickers estimates that there are between 300,000 and 1 million workers, and from that number, 72% are black like me, and 56% are women. And those women are also in leadership and decision-making positions in their cooperatives Globally. We estimate about 20 million workers recycling throughout the world. Although the development process of waste management and society tries to marginalize us, we are the ones who make the difference in recycling. Without Us, this system would collapse. In Brazil, only about 30% of the cities have selective collection.


To show you the work and competence of the pickers, we are responsible for 35% of the total mass collected. Also, 40% of the cities exclusively rely on the work of waste pickers to carry out this activity. And now back To the episode, Global means globally We are responsible for recycling 58% of plastic and Brazil claims to lead aluminum cans recycling. How is that possible? If only 30% of Brazilian cities implemented selective collection, I'll tell you why.


It's because of the waste pickers who are on the streets doing this work. The world is not doing its part in waste management and in the climatic emergency at the speed that we need. As pickers, we are working intertwined in a socio environmental system, developing solutions to optimize the impact in our society. Solely relying on selling recyclables is not sustainable for the cooperatives. It doesn't support our families and does not maintain our waste management structures. So we should be paid for the services we provide to society. Organic waste in Brazilian cities accounts for half of the total waste, but only 0.5% of it is recycled in composting.


Note that the majority of it is edible food, which is still good for consumption, but ends up in landfills and dumps releasing about two megatons of methane in the environment that can be extrapolated to other countries in the global south where organic waste equals half the waste generated by the population. For decades, we considered organic waste as a contaminant, which is not true because what we need is an organic waste collection system to properly treat this fraction, this will minimize the contamination of dry recyclables and prevent them from going to landfills and generating greenhouse gases, essentially working against international agreements to reduce and neutralize emissions.


This way, we can help the world fulfill the global methane pledge to reduce at least 30% emissions by 2030. We are very good at it. We know how to involve society. We know how to convince people to separate waste correctly. When it comes to environmental education, you need to involve waste pickers. In Brasilia, we have a wonderful piece of data to elevate the credibility of our sector. The selective collection made by our cooperatives has a quality and efficiency index of over 80%. While through companies, we managed to utilize less than 40%.


Beyond That, this would be a truly fair transition for our sector. US waste pickers leading the fight against climate change, composting generates three times more jobs in comparison to landfills and dumps. When this service is made by pickers, the impact can reach 11 times more. So channeling climatic funds promotes the socioeconomic development of an entire sector and the people who suffer the most from climate impact and environmental racism. In fact, we're already doing this here at the cooperative. We are initiating fundamental work with the organic fraction.


We're implementing the organic collecting system in the farmer's market and bringing the waste to the cooperative for composting that can be accelerated to match our urgent fight against climate change. We are part of the solution, but to do it, we need the cities and the financial system to see us as key players in this process and as protagonists, not only as beneficiaries, we need to be paid for the service that we provide for decades, benefiting society's health and the planet's health. With that, I'm sure we can do a lot more. Thank you very much.


So UX Daily is brought to you by Progressive. Progressive helps you compare direct auto rates from a variety of companies so you can find a great one, even if it's not with them. Quote today@progressive.com to find a rate that works with your budget, progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Comparison rates not available in all states or situations.


Hi, I'm Bvo Du, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value among those surveyed, one in three companies, pause and AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


That was Waste Picker Leader Alene Soza recorded for Ted's countdown dilemma series on the future of food in 2024 with an English voiceover by Juliette Monira. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


PRX.