
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card today and start earning up to 3% daily cash back on everyday purchases. And that daily cash can even grow automatically when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. What are you waiting for? Visit Apple co slash card calculator today to see how much daily cash you can earn. Subject to credit approval savings available to Apple Card owners, subject to eligibility, savings, and Apple Card by Goldman Sachs. Bank, USA member FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


This episode is sponsored by monday.com. Let's face it. Work today moves fast. But monday.com is here to help with their work management product, which enables you to reach your full potential. It's built for more than just marketing teams. It connects entire organizations to gain full visibility, make better decisions, and bridge the gap between strategy and execution. The platform gives you real time insights into campaigns, content and projects, so you can see what's working. Shift gears when needed and make data backed decisions without the guesswork. You'll go from being reactive to strategic plus with built-in AI capabilities. Monday Work Management helps your team work smarter, not harder. Maximize your marketing impact with the first work product you and your team will love to use. Visit us@monday.com to learn more.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I'm excited to tell you about a company revolutionizing home security. I am now using SimpliSafe and I'm so impressed by their active guard outdoor protection that uses AI powered cameras and real human agents to monitor what's happening outside my home rather than reacting after something's gone wrong. SimpliSafe steps in. If something looks off it's security that thinks ahead. It's peace of mind that's become part of my daily rhythm. Arming my system each night knowing my home is protected. And you can try it this summer too, with a 60 day money back guarantee. No contracts, no cancellation fees, just reliable protection starting at around a dollar a day. Listeners can get 50% off their new Simply Safe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we ring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Here's a wild stat. 30 to 40% of food that is produced in the US ends up in the landfills. It's especially upsetting that this much food is tossed, knowing how many people are experiencing hunger and food insecurity. In a 2024 conversation, Social entrepreneur, Jasmine Crowe Houston shares why hunger actually isn't an issue of scarcity, but rather an issue of logistics. She speaks with journalist and TED Radio Hour host minutia Zomorodi about helping people get access to food in a way that's a major step in the fight against both hunger and climate change.


Enjoy. Okay, so I have been following Jasmine's career. She gave a TED talk at TED Women five years Ago ago in December. Yeah. Which is crazy. Yeah. And I interviewed you three years ago and now here you are. And so much has happened. Yes. You are more of a behind the scenes person. Yeah. For people who don't know gooder, explain your story. How you came to be so aware of food waste and what you are doing with it. I started gooder here in Atlanta. I had created for people experiencing homelessness, a pop-up restaurant.


And the concept really came to me after feeding and working with a volunteer group and making all these peanut butter and jelly sandwiches going out to the streets and handing them out. And a man telling me, oh, I'm allergic to nuts. And I thought, we just made a thousand peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and nuts are one of the number one allergies. And it made me think that dignity was lost and how we are serving our unhoused and how we're serving people in need. And that too often we think, well, they're homeless or they're hungry. Take this and be happy. Forgetting the fact that they could have religious convictions, dietary restrictions, or they could plain out be allergic. And so I created this pop-up restaurant where I would rent tables and chairs and linens and print out menus and let people feel like they were dining at a restaurant.


And a video went viral. And it was a 15 second clip. I'll never forget it because it was before Instagram allowed you to have, you know, minute videos, longer videos. So I woke up one morning really afraid because I had never, I mean obviously gone viral. And I was like, what's going on on Facebook? I need to get off this app. It was like one of those things. And so I'm reading through millions of views and comments and what people kept asking me was, who donated the food? And the truth was, nobody. I was couponing price matching. Wow. I would start cooking on Friday, Saturday, go out and feed about three to 500 people every Sunday. And so I was like, I need to get this food donated. I went to Google fully expecting to get a list of all the businesses that are gonna donate food to me, to help me keep feeding people.


And, and I would, you know, live happily ever after. And instead, I found about food waste. And I read an 86 page report by the Harvard Food Law Policy Group. And as I'm reading through this, at this point now into the wee hours in the morning, I'm getting upset because I'm thinking about the people that are lined up at 9:00 AM for my 3:00 PM free feeding every Sunday, because they know that there's not a lot of people that come out to feed during the week. They were living at the former metro Atlanta Peachtree Homeless Task Force. It was the only shelter in the city that would allow families to come. And that's so important. A lot of you all don't know, but If you are a homeless mother, you have a 15-year-old son, you guys gotta go to two different shelters.


Oh, right. And so I was feeding all these people. I learned about food waste and I became upset and I was like, I'm gonna solve this. I'm gonna do something. To your point, better and gooder. And that's what got me started. So explain what Gooder does now, because from going to peanut butter sandwiches Yes. It's impressive. Yeah. So now we have a two-sided business model as it relates to food waste. We can help a business keep all of their food outta landfill. If it's edible, we're getting it to people in need that are people like me, feeding people shelters, safe houses, domestic violence centers, churches. We, one of our largest partners is Communities in Schools. We feed thousands of kids every week.


So we keep edible food from going to a landfill. And we are delivering it directly to people in need while giving all of our clients back a lot of data, how many pounds they're keeping out of the landfill, what does this mean for their CO2 emissions and their carbon footprint. And then we have a hunger side of our business, which was birthed during the pandemic that really focuses on creating sustainable solutions to solve hunger. We build free grocery stores inside of schools. We have 28 right now around the country. We have grocery and meal delivery during the height of the pandemic. Good. Or delivered all the meals to Atlanta Public Schools students that got free breakfast and lunch, but we're learning virtually. So we made sure that they got food at home. So we really are solving hunger and food waste.


So can you just explain, can we give her Yeah. The part of me is like 40%. That's such a crazy statistic. It's a crazy number. It's Like why when you Talks Odoo, the companies, nonprofits, like what is happening that there is so much food available, but going nowhere. It's a, I mean, it's a startling number. If food Waste itself was a country, it would be the third largest country in the world. So it's a lot of food. So you think about that, I mean, between the production, the transportation and the disposal, nearly 2% of all us GDP, we spend on food that, you know, we never even eat. And I think what it is, is that the old guard is, we've always done it this way.


Oh, we've always thrown it away and, and this is how we do it. And of course, when I was first starting, people were like, oh, well if someone gets sick and we'll get sued. And so gooder said, Hey, we'll take on all of that onus. We provide the packaging materials, we provide the labels. When nonprofits receive the food, it comes from gooder. They sign hold, harmless agreements. I have a multimillion dollar liability insurance because the airport was my first customer and we were driving on Tarmax and I ended up having to get insurance that I wasn't quite ready for. But it definitely helped the business. And even with all of that, people will still say, well, we're just afraid, or our lawyers just can't wrap their heads around it. Or you know, we're just, we're gonna compost everything, even if it's edible.


Which I'm still happier that it's not going into landfill if it gets composted. You know, of course gooder, we deliver to hog farms. We turn, we have anaerobic digesters, we'll take food too. So we wanna keep it outta landfill. But feeding hungry people is not a priority for too many people in this country. And that's a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Tomorrow I am coming to see one of your facilities Too. I'm so excited about that. You're gonna love it. I, I, From what I understand, it's bread day. So bread is gonna be coming in from all different places and then you are going to be sorting it. Some of it goes, as you said, to compost if it's not for human consumption or to a hog farm or to a hog farm, which is amazing.


Or A cattle farm. I think we have cattle farms now and cattle farm. Yes, you do. I've seen that. And, and then some will go of course to people, to schools, to hospitals or wherever else, but Talks Odoo me more from the, the corporate side. Yeah. How did you get people to come on board with this? Like, did something have to change when it comes to laws and forcing companies to do this? Is it because they wanna be able to say to their customers like, we are a sustainable company? Like, so what I used to do is I would go to the websites of the big hotel groups, the big food groups, and I would look at their sustainability reports. This is how I got the airport as a customer. And I went to them and I said, Hey, you know, 27% of I'm looking at your waste tonnage.


And 27% of this according to the EPA is, is food. So you guys wasted 25 million meals. Now, I have no idea if that was true, but I looked at their sustainability report, I used the EPAs calculation that food was the number one thing in landfill. And I was able to go back to the Atlanta Airport and say, listen, you guys are sitting in College Park. The children in this city are living in poverty and all this food is going to waste. And this doesn't make any sense. And so the airport became one of our first large scale customers. And you think of all of the grab and go food items that goes to waste every single night if it's not for gooder. And now that's why I need to be in more airports. But getting that before it goes to waste and getting it to gateway center before Georgia Workforce, their third shift is coming out and building half of this city.


Wow. A lot of men that are trying to transition outta homelessness, them getting that meal, putting this food in our grocery stores and families taking it home for free. This is what, this is what it does. So I think so much, it was really about making people keep their promises. You know, like, hey, I, I won't say the hotel group, but they had on their website, and this is someone I'm trying to pitch now. And I was like, Hey, you guys said you're gonna cut food waste in half by 2025. This is in two months. Like, why have you guys not started? Like, what are, what's the process? So a lot of times it's trying to hold their foot, Jasmine, I want holding all these companies accountable. It's about keeping the, I mean, people need to keep, I think we, we live for the announcement.


Yeah. And we as people don't follow up. Yeah, yeah. On the delivery. Right. Because for someone to invest millions, I mean, I don't even know how much a Super Bowl commercial costs, but I'm, I've heard it's like a million dollars per 30 seconds. I could be wrong. But to invest two to $3 million and not follow up on your promise, that's Called greenwashing. Yes. And that's a lot of That. That's a lot. So how you're not just in Atlanta though now you've grown a lot. Yes. So we are in 15 states, 26 markets. So this is where we have food moving and being donated. And then we have grocery stores in about five states, maybe six or seven now. But we are doing our food waste business, obviously in more locations.


So someone was asking me, they're like, but how does, how do these companies keep track? 'cause it must be so random what they can get rid of. Yeah. And I said, well actually there's an app for that. There is. Which at first, when I first heard about your App, I was like, That seems weird, but actually it is really the linchpin in making this new system work logistic issue. Right. Right. Tell about it. It's, that's really what I saw. So when, and, and shout out to Jackie Chu, she runs TED Atlanta. Oh yeah. TEDx Atlanta. And she convinced me to do my first TEDx talk. And when I was talking to her about it, she was like, oh, I get it. It's a logistics problem. And I was like, you get it. And that's, that's really what it is. Hunger is not an issue of scarcity. And we hear about that right there. We need to produce more food.


We need to grow more food. We are wasting 40% of it. It's really about logistics. How do we connect this excess food with the millions of people that need it? Seniors, their, their income doesn't change. Yeah. You know, we're gonna be seniors, all of us, some of us probably already are, but all of us, God willing. And once you get to that point, it doesn't matter then if toilet paper goes up, if bread is more expensive, eggs are more expensive, this is all you have to work with. So it's really about how quickly can we match it. So we inventory everything it is that they sell. We create a very easy user experience where they click on the items, tell us how many requests to pick up. We leverage the shared economy that's already out there, meaning, and that's how we've been able to grow to a lot of different locations.


We don't have to hire our own drivers. We don't have to, you know, purchase trucks and vehicles. Now we do have a couple, but what we, what we leverage is a driver that's already out there and drivers love it. They're like, oh my God. Like I'm feeding people, I'm getting paid to do it. And they make it happen. So wait, So literally like the person, let's say I'm working at a big company and I work, you know, in, in the cafeteria area. What do I, I take out my phone and what do I do? Or It could go on your point of sale system and you click on the gooder app, your menu is already there and you're just clicking on the items that you have saying, I've got 10 chicken breasts, I've got this. Our platform is calculating the approximate weight of those items. So we pull a lot of that data from us, food, Cisco, whoever they're ordering their food from.


And then it's calculating the tax value or those items at the time of donation, which is a critical offering to our clients. And once that food gets picked up, a nonprofit receives it, they sign for it. Like they would a UPS package and a donation letter with a picture of that donation from that nonprofit automatically goes to our client's portal. So now they see everything that they've donated, the nonprofit it went to, and a tax deduction receipt for what they donated. Wow. And the carbon that they've saved. And yeah, we, we have a corporate social responsibility impact report as well as a sustainability. And it's actually, I remember one of my angel investors, she sits on the board of IHG, who's one of gooder's customers.


And she messaged me last year at their board meeting in London and she was like, gooder is on the board report. Like they're literally talking about how we're cutting food waste with this company. So they're Starting to show off, buddy. They're starting here, They're starting to show, I mean, as they should. I mean it's like such a good thing. Yeah. Growth. What, what's, I mean we should be clear. You're not a nonprofit. I'm not. You are A B Corp. Why is that important to you? Why did you decide to go for a for-profit company? Is it because that is something that you hope to scale? Where are the pros and cons with that? There was a couple things. One, I think the nonprofit was gonna be a much harder old guard to get past. 'cause everybody always donates to the food bank.


It's all we ever know. We've been doing canned food drives since we were eight. Our kids are still doing and the school now. And I felt like I was gonna be spending a lot of time trying to gain respect in, in the nonprofit space. Huh. The biggest piece that I saw though was that businesses were already paying to throw this food away. So this was not newfound spend. They're already paying Waste Management Republic Services, whoever their waste company is. Mind you, the waste industry is a trillion dollar industry. None of us ever say, let's just keep our trash. No. Right? Like we were like, is trash day missing? Oh my God is a hurricane. They didn't run today. Like what's happening? Like we are paying for this on a daily basis. So when I realized that, I realized that this was not gonna be newfound spend for these businesses, it was gonna be a better spin.


Mm. So dollar for dollar were a little bit more expensive, but the, the outcome, the return on the investment for our clients is far much greater than they would ever get from a traditional waste company. And so I do look at us as a triple bottom line. We're for people, we're for planet, and we are for profit. Woo. That was Jasmine Crowe Houston in conversation with Minu Zomorodi at TED Next in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Support for the show comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


Now at Verizon we have some big news for your peace of mind. For all our customers existing and new. We are locking in low prices for three years guaranteed on my plan and my home. That's future you. Peace of mind. And everyone can save on a brand new phone on my plan. When you trade in any phone from one of our top brands, that's new phone. Peace of mind. Because at Verizon, whether you're already a customer or you're just joining us, we got you. Visit Verizon today. Price guarantee applies to then Current base, monthly rate, additional terms and conditions apply for all offers.


Your business is digital. Why is in your mail Meet stable? A virtual address in mailbox that digitizes your physical mail so you can read it, act on it, and manage everything from forwarding packages to depositing checks. All from stable, secure Online dashboard. Whether your team is remote or just inundated with envelopes, stable makes it easy for operations, admin teams and founders to manage mail at scale. Try it at use stable.com/pod to unlock 50% off your first three months of a grow or scale plan. That's use stable.com/pod. Your business moves fast, your mail should too.