
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is sponsored by monday.com. Let's face it, work today moves fast. But monday.com is here to help with their work management product, which enables you to reach your full potential. It's built for more than just marketing teams. It connects entire organizations to gain full visibility, make better decisions, and bridge the gap between strategy and execution. The platform gives you real time insights into campaigns, content and projects, so you can see what's working, shift gears when needed and make data backed decisions without the guesswork. You'll go from being reactive to strategic Plus with built-in AI capabilities, Monday Work Management helps your team work smarter, not harder. Maximize your marketing impact with the first work product you and your team will love to use. Visit us@monday.com to learn more.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I'm excited to tell you about a company revolutionizing home security. I am now using SimpliSafe and I'm so impressed by their active guard outdoor protection that uses AI powered cameras and real human agents to monitor what's happening outside my home rather than reacting after something's gone wrong. SimpliSafe steps in. If something looks off it's security that thinks ahead. It's peace of mind that's become part of my daily rhythm. Arming my system each night knowing my home is protected. And you can try it this summer too with a 60 day money back guarantee. No contracts, no cancellation fees, just reliable protection starting at around a dollar a day. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe, like simply Safe.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. The journalism business has been imploding for my entire adult life. Collapsing business models, shuttering publications, fewer and fewer jobs for the important work of informing the public. Hamish McKenzie, one of the founders of Substack, goes so far as to say that we're in an age of chaos media. There's a cacophony of voices online driven by algorithmic whims and viral trends, but the rewards go primarily to the platforms. In his talk, he shares a vision for a new media ecosystem where relationships are valued over quote, flimsy validation and his hope for a world where journalists and creators can own and live off their work.


Coming up. We are living through the most significant media disruption since the printing press. It's a transformation that explains everything from political polarization to why algorithms now do the jobs of editors and it's creating a hell of a mess. But I secretly think that we're on our way to something greater than we've ever seen in human history. This is a massive deal, of course, because media systems don't just convey information, they shape how we think and how we behave, and they shape our culture.


I've spent my career navigating these shifts as one of the founders of Substack. I helped writers and creators make money directly from their audiences. Before Substack, I was the lead writer for Tesla. I wrote a book about the electric car revolution, and I covered media startups as a reporter. So I've witnessed firsthand how media systems evolve and how they collapse. The arrival of the internet promised to democratize media, but so far I think it has broken more than it's fixed. Yes, social media has given everyone a voice, but it has still concentrated power in the hands of a few.


But I see a new system starting to flourish, and I call it the Garden. This garden includes a new generation of media platforms that give more power to creators and consumers. It's coming from places like Patreon, Twitch Super cast, and then the company I started with Chris Best and Dage Set Substack. It's an ecosystem that gives economic autonomy to independent voices, and it fosters direct relationships that are built on trust instead of just putting everyone at the mercy of algorithms that maximize engagements and advertising revenue.


For decades, we all lived in a media world that was kind of like a temple. It was top down, centralized and controlled by gatekeepers. We had the city newspaper over breakfast, radio for the morning, commutes, TV news just before dinner, and it was a relatively stable system, but it was also rigid. It could represent only a few perspectives, and new voices had to be led in by favor. Well, the internet companies came along and they sacked this temple. Craigslist took the classified Google and Facebook captured the ad markets. Streaming services are dismantling television, and now with the rise of social networks, we're in the age of chaos media where anyone can have a voice, but the power still flows primarily to the platforms.


We've gone from catechism to cacophony, and our political culture mirrors this. Chaos. Opponents are to be humiliated. Followers are expected to show fealty to specific doctrines and attention of any kind, whether it's positive or negative, wins the day. So we've gone from ask not what your country can do for you to what you can do for your country to dunk tweets. Goading, salutes not gonna do one of those, But when you look closely, it is possible to see something new emerging.


And when I look closely, I see the green CHS of a garden. This garden, to put it in somewhat inorganic terms, is a distributed system of independent voices who enjoy economic autonomy. Unlike Instagram or TikTok where the power mostly goes to Mark Zuckerberg or the Chinese Communist Party, the garden model connects creators directly with their communities. We've seen in history how revolutions like this can take quite a long time to fully unfold. Thomas Edison demonstrated the first practical light bulb in 1879, but it wasn't until the 1920s when electricity started to become common in people's homes.


The missing piece was the electric grid. And if we look today at our current media revolution, we can see that the missing piece has been a different kind of power. Economic power economic autonomy gives creators freedom. Instead of answering to bosses or an advertiser or an algorithm, they can focus on deeply serving their communities. Instead of chasing virality, they can spend all their energy on doing their best work. And in this way, the garden can bring a sense of order to social media's bedlam, distributing the power among the many instead of the few.


Let's take a look at some examples of how the garden is already starting to flourish. Take crystal Ball and saga and jetty. They're the hosts of a nonpartisan news show called Breaking Points. It used to be produced by the Hill and it had the name rising. But then Crystal is from the left saga, who's from the right decided to go independent. They moved it to Super Cast and YouTube and then to Rumble, and now they make more money from subscriptions and cover a broader range of political viewpoints for an audience of more than a million viewers, we take Caroline Chambers. When publishers spurned her proposal for a cookbook deal, she took matters into her own hands.


She set up a substack because she's a genius. She called it What to Cook when you Don't feel like cooking. And she grew a community there to about half a million people that were all based around practical, accessible recipes. So when she did eventually publish that cookbook, it became an instant New York Times bestseller, not because a publisher anointed her, but 'cause of the genuine relationships she had cultivated with her readers. Consider Matt Igl. In 2020, Matt left Vox, the company he co-founded to start a newsletter, which he called Slow Boring.


Matt had been a blogger since the early two thousands. He went on and wrote for The Atlantic, and then he started Vox during the social media boom. But it's worth slow, boring that he's found true independence. And today he writes about what he wants to write for an audience of more than 200,000 subscribers, and he makes more than a million dollars a year. What these creators share in common is independence from traditional gatekeepers and aggregators. They succeed by cultivating trust, not by gaming algorithms or knowing the right people. So when you subscribe to breaking points or you support Caroline's substack, you're not just paying for content, you're entering into a relationship.


The creator knows you're there. There, they value your support and they can often engage with you directly in ways that just weren't possible in the old systems. This garden is about ownership and sustainability and resilience. When the creators own their relationships with their audiences directly, no platform or algorithm can suddenly cut them off from their community. That sense of ownership translates into a sustainable income that doesn't depend on algorithmic whims or viral trends. And the whole system is more resilient because it's not vulnerable to a single point of failure.


If TikTok or Facebook changed their policies overnight, the independent creator can continue to live off the value of their relationships with subscribers. This shift has profound implications and the garden. The media can become less about capturing attention and more about nurturing relationships. There can be more space for nuance and complexity in a world that increasingly resists both. And in the garden, biodiversity can flourish. There can be many more winners, there can be much better coverage of a vast multitude of niches, and everyone can play a role in shaping the culture they live in.


Of course, there're gonna be some people who will say, well, this is all just gonna lead to more echo chambers. But I think the opposite can be true because when you network cultural connections, people can move freely between communities and be exposed to new ways of thinking. In more moderate environments, the chaos of our current media moment cannot last. But then no one's quite sure what the new landscape's gonna ultimately bring. And that's why our choices today matter so much. Every subscription, every share, and every minute of our attention is a vote for the culture we want to flourish.


And now we can invest in a system that values deep relationships. We can reclaim our attention from the doom scroll feeds, and pour it like water onto the seedlings of a better future. And when we do this, it's not just about getting better content, it's about cultivating a richer and more thoughtful culture, A culture that can face up to the complex challenges of our time, a culture worth subscribing to. Thank you.


That was Hamish McKenzie at TED 2025. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Optimize your nutrition this year with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved. Ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. Eat smarter@factormeals.com slash listen. 50 and use code. Listen 50 for 50% off plus free shipping on your first box factor meals.com/listen. 50 code, listen 50.


Your business is digital. Why isn't your mail meet stable? A virtual address in mailbox that digitizes your physical mail so you can read it, act on it, and manage everything from forwarding packages to depositing checks. All from stable, secure online dashboard. Whether your team is remote or just inundated with envelopes, stable makes it easy for operations, admin teams and founders to manage mail at scale. Try it at use stable.com/pod to unlock 50% off your first three months of a grow or scale plan. That's use stable.com/pod. Your business moves fast, your mail should too.


Hey, It's Mark Marin from WTF here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. And I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it. Well choose Progressive's name your price tool, and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com. And now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law. Not available in all states.