
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. How do we preserve our cultures, our family histories, and our larger histories? With each progressive generation? New Yorker cartoonist, Amy Kurzwell confronted this question by engaging in a sweeping AI art project. She discusses how she used AI to help her travel through time. And after the talk sits down with me to expand on her ideas, I really enjoyed our conversation, so stick around.


It's all coming up after a break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just, ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDC.


Hi, I'm Bala sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader Through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters, Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations. And at trial when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com.


When 60 Minutes premiered in September, 1968, there was nothing like it. This Is 60 Minutes. It's a kind of a magazine for television. Very few have been given access to the treasures in our archives. You rolling? But that's all about to change Like none of this stuff gets looked at. That's what's incredible. I'm Seth Do of CBS news. Listen to 60 minutes a second. Look wherever you get your podcasts


And now our TED talk of the day. I love being a cartoonist because I can travel anywhere. I can visit historical artifacts and make improvements. I can voyage to mystical lands and solve problems. I can bring objects to life and I can make those objects think and talk, and I can send those objects wherever I want them to go. I became a cartoonist to travel through space and time, and I became a graphic memoirist because the place I wanted to go was the past.


I come from a legacy of dramatic stories and lost characters. My grandmother, Lily, on my mother's side was born in Warsaw, Poland, the oldest of four sisters. She was 13 in 1939 when Nazi bombs raised her home and her family was sealed to starve inside the Wara ghetto. Eventually, her father encouraged her to slip through a hole in the wall and she survived the Holocaust on her own, hiding her Jewish identity. This is a subject of my first book. I wondered what did my grandmother's lost home and lost family look like? Her parents, her grandmother and her sisters, they are all gone without a trace.


My father's parents were luckier. They were also Jewish, and they both fled Austria at the start of the war. My father's father Fred, was a pianist and conductor. In 1937, the year before the Nazis marched into Austria. He was 26 and he conducted a magnificent choral concert at a music hall in Vienna. A wealthy American woman in the audience was so impressed with his performance that she later agreed to sponsor his visa to the us So music saved his life. But three decades later, Fred died of heart disease.


I never met him. While alive, Fred meticulously preserved the documents of his life, a response to the threat of erasure. He fled in Europe and for decades after his father's death, my father continued this preservation project. This is a subject of my second book. You might know my father Ray Kurzweil as an inventor and futurist. You should also know that he's a person with an extraordinary sense of humor. And although he's dedicated his mind to the future, his life is full of the past. My father has worked for decades on natural language processing, and several years ago he realized that if we married AI with my grandfather's writing, we could build a chat bot that writes in my grandfather's voice.


Back in 2018, this seemed very sci-fi, but rather than ushering in our demise, this project helped me realize that AI could actually help us ward off annihilation by animating the legacies of our families and our cultures. I wanted to Talks Odoo my grandfather because he like me, was an artist. I wondered could I get to know him? Could I even come to love him even though our lifespans didn't overlap? So I got involved. This chat bot needed language from my grandfather as much as could be found.


So I, with some assistance said about finding his words and transcribing them. This was a selective chat bot, meaning it responded to questions with answers from the pool of sentences that Fred actually wrote at some point In his life. The more examples of Fred's writing we could find the more dynamic the experience of chatting the bot would feel. Sometimes this transcription task proved challenging, but the more time I spent with the symbols of my grandfather's life, the more easily I could decode them. Finally, after much anticipation, I sat down to chat with this new intelligence and algorithm commanding over 600 typed pages of letters, lectures, notes, essays, and other written documents from the grandfather I never met.


When I asked about Fred's dreams, he told me about the challenge of keeping his new orchestra afloat. When I asked about Fred's anxieties, I learned about the stress of being a new father while working so hard. When I asked about the meaning of life, Fred wrote about the joy of working with other musicians in pursuit of beauty, and he wrote about the highest aims of art. I asked again about the meaning of life because isn't that really the best question for a robot? And Fred's second answer was much simpler, but even better. Some of these answers felt familiar to me.


I remembered seeing them in the archive, but the words gained impact through surprise and the role play of conversation. I could identify patterns in my grandfather's life and patterns across generations because I was also an artist trying to make it in New York City. And I also believe the meaning of life is art and connection and love. I had wondered if this project would feel like a resurrection, but rather than bringing my grandfather from the past into the present, it felt like I was the one time traveling visiting him for a moment, moment at different points, In his life. And this kind of time travel didn't feel like sci-fi.


It felt like the kind of imaginative travel I do when I'm cartooning. When I'm cartooning, I'm always thinking about how I could possibly represent a person fully. And the answer is I can't. Similarly, I know how many aspects of my grandfather can't be captured by digital text alone. There's all those quivers In, his handwriting and what they denote about the sensations In his body, there's his body, how it moved and how it felt. There's his music and all the ineffable aspects of his performance. And of course there's everything he thought but didn't write down.


What would we have to do to be able to capture all of this? I may fail as an artist to fully represent a person's constantly evolving complexity, but I can ask what features of a person are essential to who they are across a lifetime. The puzzle of personal identity is one of our oldest philosophical questions, so I'm not here to solve that one for you. I'm just a cartoonist. After all, I do believe that we are more than our bodies, that the projects and impressions we leave behind are a part of our essential selves. And I think AI has a special role to play in the mission of memory.


I did not come to see the chatbot of my grandfather as replacing my grandfather. I came to see it as one way to interact with his legacy. As somebody who has spent their whole life trying to document people, I can assure you that people are much bigger and weirder than any one depiction or one moment in time can possibly evoke. And I can also assure you that people don't just disappear when they die. AI swirls our conception of time and space. It can remix and extend our identities. Our own digital archives are growing beyond belief and we need a framework for understanding technologies of representation.


So I offer you mine, just like the comics I've drawn about the characters in my life, these technologies are animated portraits. They are one part of our true immortal selves. Seen this way AI like cartooning and all good artistic endeavors could help us appreciate the vastness of humanity if we let it. Thank you. That was Amy Kurzwell speaking at TED 2024, and I'm so thrilled I got to speak with Amy not long after she got off stage at the conference. So here's my conversation with Amy recorded on site at TED 2024.


How is this AI driven chatbot project different than the other work that you've done? I guess It's safe to say I've never been a part of a project, anything like that before. I'm a cartoonist, so I document people and my own life and my family has been a big part of both my books. And this AI chatbot is sort of another character that I'm writing about. So I mean, I didn't pro, I'm not an engineer, I didn't program this chatbot of my grandfather, but I did collect the data that went into this chatbot. So we have this ginormous archive of all of my grandfather's writing, and I played a role in collecting and transcribing his words and those were fed into this algorithm that became the chat bot of my grandfather.


But what I came to realize is that this chat bot that animates my grandfather's voice is very similar to the work that I do as a creative artist because the chatbot is all about making choices. What can we fit into this algorithm? And as an artist, you're, you're always making those kinds of choices, like what aspect of my memory is relevant to this scene and how is that gonna build this character? And so the journey for me in documenting the process of building the chat bot was coming to see the chat bot itself as a work of art. And so that analogy has been really meaningful for me because I think in the future we're gonna need those kinds of frameworks for understanding technologies of representation. What do You think that AI can do for the future of just archival work in general?


I think that's an amazing place for AI to go. I mean, I always talk about the future of the past. So archives are overwhelming. They're full of documents. We don't always know how to understand those documents. For example, in the archive of my grandfather's things, there's his passport, which has a bunch of stamps on it. And I needed to Talks Odoo a historian to actually understand what all those stamps meant. And the story of those stamps is the story of how my grandfather fled the Nazis. It's where he went, it's what he couldn't bring with him. And there's all this information that I need other information in order to understand. And so I feel like the future of AI helping us navigate archives is giving us access to contextualization so that we have a helper in translating the past and and making it relevant to the present.


Did you Have any misgivings about this project along the way? And if so, what concerns did you have? Yeah, I think that a lot of the misgivings, parallel misgivings I have about documenting life and memoir in general, this question about public and private, what information is mine alone? What information is mine to share with a small community and what information is mine to share with a larger community? And as a memoirist, the choices that you make are often, I'm gonna share the things that feel appropriate to share publicly, but I'm gonna share them in a way so that there's some blank space in the story so that people can bring themselves to it. Mm. And that's a principle in storytelling and a principle in comics called closure where you give people something relatively simple and they fill in the gaps with their own experience or their own identity.


I think in a chat bot, you have to think about what the parallel might be. So what information is appropriate to include in a publicly available chatbot of a historical figure that's gonna be really different than what you might include in a chatbot of a beloved family member that's only for the family. And these are all questions that people are gonna have to think about. And they're not new questions, actually. They're just in a new format. Have other people been replicating what you've done? There are other people who have been working on these kinds of projects. One of the earliest cases is this company that then became replica, created this chatbot that was called Roman Bot. This young man named Roman passed away tragically. He was quite young and his text messages were collected and fed into an algorithm.


This was around the same time that we were working on our chat bot and people could Talks Odoo it and it was made publicly available and it was this kind of public memorial to this, this young man. So there's people doing very similar things. Yeah. It reminds me of a Black Mirror episode, a very famous one. Somebody loses their loved one, they lose their boyfriend, and they're able to recreate him through the vast troves of his text messages and photos And all those things. Yes. I know that episode very well. I'm sure you do. It's called Be Right Back. It's an amazing episode. It's a vision of this kind of technology that is very different than the direction I think it will actually go in. But I think the episode is meant as all sci-Fi is meant to do, is meant to caution us away from ways of formulating technology that lead us into mistakes.


And I think the mistake that's being made in that Be Right Back episode is that the character is creating something in a kind Frankenstein way to recreate him and have him play the the role in her life that he used to play. And I think one of the reasons why thinking about these kinds of technologies as art is that it puts a frame around the experience and labels it as virtual. And we engage with the virtual world all the time in life. We're always thinking about memory. Our dreams are meaningful to us. The past is memorable to us and we access the past through technology and through the imaginative exercises we do when we look at a photograph or we look at a video. And so Martha, in that episode makes the mistake is giving it a Frankenstein body.


Right. Though AI we have seen here at TED AI is now moving into synthetic and physical forms. They've put it into fish, for example. Exactly. So I don't mean to suggest that we can't give AI a body or give it a physical form, but I think we still need to have a conceptual frame around it as this is a virtual character and this is a virtual experience and that doesn't make it less important. I actually, as an artist, think virtual experiences are in sometimes more meaningful than real experiences. Yeah. So I Have to ask then, If, you could describe your initial feelings of engaging with the chatbot version of your grandfather's data. Yes. This is documented in my book Artificial.


It was a mixed experience, which people can read about, mixed in the sense that I was very aware of the boundaries of this technology because the technology was so rudimentary at the time. People need to remember this was 2018 and it's like a totally different world now, but when I first chatted with this character, it was like I was aware of all the seams and so I was thinking a lot about the AI and how it was working. But then I would have these certain moments where a hand would reach out of that messy AI experience and just draw my attention to something that my grandfather actually said.


Because the way our chatbot worked is it was comprised of sentences that my grandfather had actually written down, right? I'd ask a question and it would offer me up something in a really unexpected way that was my grandfather's voice and it would prompt this insight into his character and I'd make some connection with my own life. And In his case, a lot of the archive was full of him either looking for a job explaining, you know, in letters to friends, the stress of his life as an artist. And there were other things in there too. But it, it was really meaningful for me to see how often that came up. This theme of this is who I am, I'm looking for work. Even when I would ask a question that wasn't quite getting at that, you know, and that's part of the limitations of the technology and I actually think the limitations are as interesting as what this technology allows you to do.


So again, it's like all art just serves as a spark for our own intuitions and our own realizations. And it was meaningful for me to notice that in my grandfather, because I'm an artist and I've had a lot of the same struggles as him applying to a lot of the same schools that he was applying to as a professor. The balance between love and work and the way that you might articulate that to a colleague that you're stressed and you know you wanna work on your creative work, but really you have to do this other thing for money or or you have to take care of some family member. And it was just meaningful for me to be like served up those kinds of answers all in a row that helped my connection to him sink in. I think As we've spent so much of this moment in society talking about AI and its potential, it seems like art and artists are the last area where AI will do better than humans.


The idea of AI doing better, I think is a framework. I wanna complicate because I feel something AI might help us appreciate is that art is not a competition. Like these sort of values of better or worse actually don't make that much sense in art. Yeah. And I think art is really meaningful because it's about process and it's about connection. And I think that ais can excel at craft, but that's not a replacement for human artists because we're interested in human connection. Yeah. And art is a vehicle for human connection. And we also might be interested in virtual connection with virtual characters, but I don't think we're gonna stop wanting to have human connection through artistic practice.


I do think the crisis of AI artists is a market crisis. It's a crisis of work for money being taken by machines. And often that's a way that human artists make a living. How are we going to have artists continue to make money if they don't have that kind of work to do? It feels like it's possible that AI could create such a market crisis for people in media and people in the commercial arts that it would explode the system and something else could be born from it. Where we actually are directing more philanthropic energy towards what we might all call real art Disruption can so often lead to innovation. Yeah. And ingenuity and creativity. So that Would be a cool utopia.


I don't know how likely that is to pass, but I think it's possible that AI could mess up these marketplaces so much that we really do need to sit and think about a different model for these things. Alright, Amy Kurzwell, thank you so much. Thank You. Pleasure to Talks Odoo you.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now the path from gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With watsonx, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


If, you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual life Insurance company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing Matino European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions have changed and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power, you need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your projects. There is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pockets. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What are the solutions? Well, basically the key aspect is to put your money at work. And by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy and now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not. So search for it, ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, How is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror, is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way, that's what we offer. And this pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store. Maybe you will see us there. What are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term. Two, diversification and three progressivity dollar cost averaging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank You, mattess. Now let us hear the last word, The most important one. Dare. You should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you. Nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the app Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App Store and we are happy to support you in building wealth across Europe.