
Why get all your holiday decorations delivered through Instacart, because maybe you'll only bought two wreaths, but you have 12 windows. Or maybe your toddler got very eager with the advent calendar, or maybe the inflatable snowman didn't make it through the snowstorm, or maybe the twinkle lights aren't twinkling. Whatever the reason this season, Instacart's here for hosts and their whole holiday hall. Get decorations from the Home Depot, CVS and more through Instacart and enjoy free delivery on your first three orders. Service fees and terms apply.


Oh My God, it's the coolest thing ever. Hey guys, have you heard of GoldBelly? Well check this out. It's this amazing site where they ship the most iconic, famous foods from restaurants across the country, anywhere nationwide. I've never found a more perfect gift than food. They ship Chicago deep dish pizza, New York Bagels, Maine lobster rolls, and even Ina Garden's famous cakes. Seriously. So if you're looking for a gift for the food lover in your life, head to goldbelly.com and get 20% off your first order with promo code gift.


Wow, what is this place? Welcome to Cloud nine. How Exactly did I get here? You are a Toyota Crown driver, and only crown drivers ever reach this level of pure bliss. The refined but elegant design makes you sit up a little straighter. It gives you a rush of confidence as soon as you're behind the wheel and a feeling of all eyes on you. That's the crown transports you here. It's pretty awesome, right? The captivating Toyota Crown Family Toyota, let's go places.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Unions have been standing up for workers' rights in highly visible ways over the last couple of years. I can think of auto workers, writers, and actors off the top of my head, and today's speaker says, unions have a powerful voice in the climate transition too. In his 2023 Archive Talk, environmental justice advocate, Payton M Wilkins, lays out how American workers can make a concerted push for a green energy economy.


Fossil fuels have got to go. We must put an end to these climate destructive, loosely regulated, dirty businesses that are destroying the earth. We've done the math, we have the data, and we know that these dirty businesses are making it increasingly more uninhabitable on this planet. But when those jobs go away, they'll be green jobs, right? Again, we've run the numbers, we have the data, and we know that the more we invest in a green economy, the more jobs they'll be healthier, higher paying jobs in the future than there are today. But here's the thing. People eat bread, not data.


And when a corporation shuts down a coal mine, as happy as some of us may be about cleaner air, the reality is, is that people lose paychecks. They lose pensions. They lose jobs that they thought were gonna be there for their children. Schools close, small businesses, shutter and homes are lost. Poverty sets in. There are no green jobs waiting for those folks shutting down a coal mine. A coal refinery, or multiple polluting facilities can devastate a community and a family at the end of the day. I'm not so much a tree hugger as I am a people hugger, and I don't really believe in this dichotomy of jobs versus the environment.


We can protect both, but we're not gonna get it right if we just helicopter in and tell people what's right. That's where unions come in. Unions for generations have been fighting to protect workers' rights and justice. I grew up hearing people speak about justice all the time. My mom started the first environmental justice organization here in Detroit, and yet I still didn't truly understand the intricacies of workers and the environmental movement until I was sitting off stage listening to a heated back and forth between a high ranking member of the United Mayor, United Mine, workers of America, excuse me, and a panel of climate experts that I had assembled for the Coalition of Black Trade Unionists annual convention.


On this panel, I had Cecil Corbin, mark, the late Cecil Corbin Mark, deputy Director of We Act, an environmental justice organization based outta Harlem, Jackie Patterson, the founder and director of the Shirley Chisholm Legacy Project, climate Justice Resource Hub, and Donelle Wilkins, CEO of Green Door Initiative, who also happens to be my mother. I thought everything was going well. I thought that regardless of politics, we all kind of agreed that climate change was a problem for human health, for our families, for our homes. So there I was sitting in the first row, Cecil was moderating, and then this high ranking leader from the United Mind Workers of America comes to the mic And shit got heated, like really bad.


I'm talking at this point, I'm flush. Red sweat is beating down my face, and I'm thinking how best to update my resume because they're not gonna let me keep my job after this shit. I look to my boss and he has this look on his face that says, get your ass on stage. That's a lot to say in the look, but I promise you this look said a lot. When the panel ended, my boss pulled me aside and he said, you need to fix this. So I quickly secured a room to have a private conversation with the mine workers and the panelists, and we listened. We heard the coal miners talk about their desires, their fears, their legacies, this dignity in their work, and we talked about the real reason why the coal industry was dying, which had more to do with profitability than it did with activists or policy.


Coal is becoming more expensive while the cost of renewable energy is falling. Investors are divesting from coal because of its impact on the climate and the risk associated with climate change. We all felt heard. We felt understood. The coal miners had an opportunity to separate the person from the problem. We talked about the history of environmental justice and its roots in the labor movement since that day. In the months and years following, I've started to see change in the coal miners. They, for a long time have been actively opposition to any types of common policy, but now they're open to exploring taxes and emission standards to regulate their industry.


And while they aren't exactly where I would like them to meet, they have come a long way. They've made progress. Unions have a long history of keeping the needs and priorities of workers in their mind, protecting workers' rights, and fighting for justice. In Memphis 1968, a union of sanitation workers had win on strike. After two African Americans have been crushed in the mal malfunctioning garbage truck. That strike ended in April of 1968 when the city of Memphis agreed to recognize their union and to meet the workers' demands in South Africa. In 1985, the Congress of South African trade Unionists quickly became the strongest and most powerful union in South Africa by putting pressure on the apartheid government through protests, boycotts, and strikes.


That led to negotiations in 1990 and the end of apartheid in 1994 and in Denmark, when the country was transitioning away from fossil fuels to wind energy, the Union three F negotiated with the government and win energy companies to secure jobs, retraining programs, and fair wages. Those workers were equipped to get employed in this new and growing wind energy sector. Those workers were equipped. You know, the union movement is the only multi-generational, multi-ethnic, multiracial, multi-gender movement in the world.


We're talking about tens of millions of people united around a singular set of ideas. So it makes so much sense that they're a part of this fight for a just transition. So how can we, those of us that are in the climate fight properly work with unions? It starts with deep listening conversations like the ones we had at cbts, annual Convention and Workers and those who are pushing for a green energy transition need to hear each other out. We need to hear each other's fears, each other's desires, each other's ideas for the future. There needs to be an education on both sides. One that allows us to learn about the livelihood of workers and for all of us to learn about the impact of the climate crisis.


Since that conversation that I had at CBTU, I've started to actively invite the coal miners to meetings and to the conferences that I attend, discussing just transition. My desire is for them to articulate a path towards green jobs before negative profitability and policies, decide the fate for them. I want unions to secure federal dollars to aid in this transition to retrain their members. I want them to realize they don't have to choose between making a living and living in a safe and healthy environment. They can have both. Hell, they deserve both.


I want them to realize that they can live in a community that generates renewable energy, that they can live in a community where they don't have to speculate what's in their water and their air. A community where people are valued over pollution. I want them to realize that this isn't some distant utopic future, but a reality that can be had in a few short years. If the US government can bail out banks and the auto industry like they did in the financial crisis of 2008, surely they can bail out the American worker. But I have a feeling that this isn't going to happen without a concerted push from the unions to transition to a green energy economy to protect our planet.


We're gonna have to make some tough changes, but I'm a serial optimist and I believe we can make this change without too much pain. Thank you. That was Peyton m Wilkins at the TED Countdown Summit in 2023. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


You know, as a busy mom, there are a few ways you can build strong muscles. You could get a gym membership, which you'll never use. Buy all sorts of expensive equipment for your garage that you'll forget you have. Pay for a personal trainer that you'll never have time to meet with, and buy a fitness watch that only makes you sad every time you look at it. Or you could go for an easy run and try some milk, which helps build strong muscles. Visit gonna need milk.com for more info, and please don't make yourself sad. You know, as a busy mom, there are lots of ways you can help yourself fall asleep. You could stare blankly at the ceiling and replay every conversation you've ever had. Count sheep, have a debate with your pillow. Give up caffeine. Try acupuncture and buy a weighted blanket that will make you sweat profusely. Or you could try some milk, which has nutrients that support healthy sleep visit. Gonna need milk.com for more info. And for everyone's sake, please don't give up caffeine.


Oh my God, it's the coolest thing ever. Hey guys, have you heard of GoldBelly? Well check this out. It's this amazing site where they ship the most iconic, famous foods from restaurants across the country, anywhere nationwide. I've never found a more perfect gift than food. They ship Chicago deep dish pizza, New York Bagels, Maine lobster rolls, and even Ina Garden's famous cakes. Seriously. So if you're looking for a gift for the food lover in your life, head to goldbelly.com and get 20% off your first order with promo code gift.