
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show


Race, the Rudder Race, the Sales Race, the sales captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is sponsored by monday.com. Let's face it, work today moves fast. But monday.com is here to help with their work management product, which enables you to reach your full potential. It's built for more than just marketing teams. It connects entire organizations to gain full visibility, make better decisions, and bridge the gap between strategy and execution. The platform gives you real time insights into campaigns, content and projects. So you can see what's working, shift gears when needed and make data backed decisions without the guesswork. You'll go from being reactive to strategic plus with built-in AI capabilities, Monday Work Management helps your team work smarter, not harder. Maximize your marketing impact with the first work product you and your team will love to use. Visit us@monday.com to learn more.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I'm excited to tell you about a company revolutionizing home security. I am now using SimpliSafe and I'm so impressed by their active guard outdoor protection that uses AI powered cameras and real human agents to monitor what's happening outside my home rather than reacting after something's gone wrong. SimpliSafe steps in. If something looks off it's security that thinks ahead. It's peace of mind that's become part of my daily rhythm. Arming my system each night knowing my home is protected. And you can try it this summer too with a 60 day money back guarantee. No contracts, no cancellation fees, just reliable protection starting at around a dollar a day. Listeners can get 50% off their new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe, like simply safe.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. When it comes to climate change, everyone has an opinion. There are the realists, the optimists, the climate deniers, and finding common ground can feel almost impossible. But for movement builder Matthew Phillips, the only way forward is to create a space where everyone can participate without pointing fingers. In his 2024 talk, he shares why it's important to bring different beliefs together to both clash and collaborate, and why artists are uniquely qualified to help bring people together in an entirely new and necessary way.


When you see the ideal climate movement, what do you imagine? When I imagine the ideal climate movement, I see a house of many rooms. Each one of us can have a room inside that house, and while each of the rooms can be a different shape and size, all the rooms are essential to making up the overall edifice of the house of the movement. This is how I've been thinking about the climate movement ever since I joined the United Nations. In a lead up to the Paris Agreement, my boss, Christiana Figaris, used to describe the Paris Agreement as like a house of many rooms.


The governments, the businesses, civil society, they all had a room in the Paris house. That's what made Paris succeed in the moment. But recently, it's like our movement has started to live in separate houses, and this is leading to a fragmentation when we can afford it. Least. Remember 2019 when 4 million people took to the streets across 4,000 cities to march on climate in a single day last year, the figure was 70,000. We are forgetting our own potential for mass collective action on climate.


I think we need to rebuild the house of many rooms, but what kind of a house do we actually need to truly take on the climate crisis? Well, we're gonna need a much bigger house. We're gonna need a house that builds trust, and we're gonna need a house that actually brings inside the artist to inspire us to spice things up a little bit. So when I imagine this house, I like to imagine a vast 100 room structure like the Alhambra Palace in Spain, where different beliefs clashed and cooperated throughout the ages. Because actually the primary challenge our movement faces is in allowing different beliefs, different mindsets to coexist under the same roof.


We've got the realists and realists say we are rapidly hurtling towards negative planetary tipping points with every year hotter than the last with rising sea surface temperatures making the hurricanes we're experiencing right now twice as likely, and with a crazy surge in oil and gas exploration that is leading to another 12 billion tons of emissions. But then there's the optimists and they say, hang on a second. We're actually hurtling towards positive climate tipping points in energy. We added 50% more renewables capacity last year than the year before in electric vehicles.


One in five car sales was electric last year, four years ago it was one in 25. In batteries, sales are doubling every two to three years, which is wiping out half of fossil fuel demand. The realists and the optimists are obviously both correct. It's when we start embracing and housing both of them simultaneously, that we root ourselves in the reality, the realism of where we're at, but leave ourselves defiantly optimistic. In our ability to unleash change, we stop being able to take head on oil and gases, attempt to gaslight us what I call oil and gas lighting.


We start renewing our agency to act. So I saw this happen at the UN Climate negotiations in Dubai. By this time I've left the un, I'm climate campaigning and in Dubai, the world expected governments to signal the end of the fossil fuel era. But as we got into the second week, the outlook was not looking great. We decided to convene a group of realist scientists, optimistic businesses and activists in a movement that wasn't ready to give up. We did media advertisements, social content, we sent countless emails, made a lot of phone calls. We ended up crafting a letter to the president of the negotiations, clamoring for a phase out on fossil fuels, which in under 48 hours got 800, then 1000, then 2000 signatures.


And as all of this was happening, I was called into a private office only to find the cop president himself. And he said, hello, Matthew, I know what you're doing. And I thought, shit, he knows what I'm doing. I'm in such trouble. But he said, I know what you and your partners are doing and I want you to know we support it. And I realize that when you start creating the places, the spaces where everyone can participate without finger pointing, you start to connect and collaborate on an entirely new dimension. After that, we were getting spoken about by the negotiators, they would text us and say, Hey, please keep the pressure up.


When the hammer finally came down on the last day of the negotiations, governments agreed to transition away from fossil fuels. Not perfect sure, but the first time fossil fuels had ever been mentioned in a UN climate text. And while we knew our effort was only ever a small part of the overall success, we also felt like we were tapping into this collective energy that was greater than the sum of the individual parts. But before I get completely carried away, this house that we're building for our climate movement obviously needs to stretch way beyond these formal climate negotiations. There'd be nearly 30 of them after all, and it needs to be a house where we build trust, where those inside it are honest, and we particularly need trust from those big organizations that make up the global economy.


So before Dubai, I helped to create the world's largest climate coalition in a campaign called Race to Zero. It's got 15,000 organizations now covering two thirds of the global economy, and they've all set their sights on halving emissions by 2030 and getting to zero by 2050. And that's promising. But simply having a bigger house is not enough on its own. Some of these organizations are struggling to meet that goal. Some of them are pulling back, going quiet or being unable to ask for help. And this is leading to a breakdown in trust which threatens to pull our movement down from the inside.


If we don't have trust, if we don't have truth, our movement is nothing. And I would say exactly the same about art. Without art, we're nothing. So I want to return to that image of the Alhambra up on the hill because the Alhambra is all about the art. It's design owes as much to poets and philosophers as it does architects and like the Alhambra, our movement needs to bring inside the artists. Artists have inspired paradigm shifts on issues like race and sexuality. Think of David Hockney painting Queer Life when it was Still Illegal, or Billy Holiday singing a song like Strange Fruit, a quarter of a century before the US Civil Rights Act, or less profoundly.


Just think of Harry Styles getting photographed on an electric bike viral. The point is, artists have the power to awaken the public consciousness for mass climate action. That's how we build the climate movement of the future. A house of many rooms where each one of you is welcome to have a room inside the realists and the optimists among you, where we build trust with one another, including on the laws we need to meet our goals. And when we also start inviting inside the artist to inspire us all in a movement of possibility for the best house party of all time.


The thing is, we know that four and five of us globally all want climate action. We are already the 80%. We just don't know we know it yet. Thank you so much. That was Matthew Phillips at TED Countdown's Dilemma event in Brussels in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Support for the show comes from Capital One. Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart


Struggling with hot flashes, brain fog, or midlife weight gain. You're not alone, but why wait years for relief? Nearly half of women suffer for as much as three years before seeking help for menopause symptoms often because they don't know where to turn. Alloy Women's Health offers signs backed physician guided treatment plans for your hormonal symptoms as well as skin, hair, and sexual wellness treatments. And Alloy now offers access to competitively price GLP one Prescription Medication to help manage midlife weight gain. Join the 95% of women who tried Alloy and saw relief in the first two weeks. Visit my alloy.com/alloy 20 today and use Code Alloy 20 to get $20 off your first order. Start feeling like yourself again.