(1s):
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show. You're Listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day.

(46s):
I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We could all use a bit more humor in our lives, right? So today we're bringing you just that. In her 2024 set, comedian Shalewa Sharpe brings her unique blend of self-deprecation and social observation to the TED stage and asks some of life's burning questions, including but not limited to. Did capitalism break my ankle? Enjoy.

(1m 15s):
This episode is sponsored by Lumen. Your metabolism is like your body's engine. It powers everything you do from how you move to how you feel, and when it's running smoothly, you feel the difference. More energy, better sleep. Improved recovery. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach that helps you understand what your body is burning, that's or carbs just by breathing into it each morning. Then the app gives you daily nutrition guidance personalized to your body's needs. This summer, stay in sync with your metabolism and feel your best, whether you're active, resting, or anything in between. The warmer months are coming spring back into your health and fitness. Go to lumen.me/ TED to get 10% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/ TED for 10% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.

(2m 6s):
Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy. Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.

(3m 11s):
This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking simply, safe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new Simply Safe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simplisafe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.

(4m 12s):
I am very excited to be here. I mean, unfortunately, this is how I do excitement. I don't wanna give you guys too much. I I gotta, I gotta tell you, you, you all are lucky to have me. I'm, I'm very busy. I'm a busy person. I got a lot going on, you know what I mean?

(4m 53s):
I'm working on so many project. I'm working on a project right now. I am currently breaking in this boot. I, let's just adjust. Let's, let's just talk about it. Okay? I know you're staring. Overpopulation broke my ankle. Now I don't mean, I don't mean that. I was like in a big crowd and I fell. I mean, I, I was by myself in my sister's apartment and I slipped on a cardboard box that I was going to use to send some items that I found in her town to my place in Brooklyn because the New York City thrift stores in Brooklyn are terrible because too many people live there and they're picked.

(5m 42s):
It's just, there's nothing in there. Also, everything in there's horrible. Quick question. Why do you only donate horrible things to the thrift store? Why don't you give us your good stuff? Give us your good stuff. You can't live with it forever. Let me have a crack at it. You know? Anyway, actually, now that I'm thinking about it, maybe capitalism broke my ankle. Look, young people are in a very anti-capitalism bag right now, right? They're very anti and I wanna be there with them. I really do. They're the future and I wanna be there with 'em, but I just got money.

(6m 31s):
Just Got it. So, because you develop a moral core, I have to stop spending. Mm, that's not fair. They just started putting extended sizes in the stores. But I'm supposed to stop. I don't know. Sounds fat phobic to me. That's all I'm saying a little bit. But look, we're on the healing end. We're, we're on the back end, you know, we're doing fine. I'm going to physical therapy, which, how come no one told me about physical therapy? It's great. It's like diet gym. I love it so much. First of all, no dress code. Everyone in there was working out in jeans and desert boots.

(7m 12s):
It's fantastic. Also, instead of weights on the machines, there just seem to be different color hair ties that you could just pull on for like 25 to 30 minutes while Frank Ocean plays in the background. Man, that's great. I highly recommend it. You know, I do. But that's, that's not why I'm out here. I know that we've been discussing the concept of play and I'm coming out here looking like the concept of consequences. But That's not, That's not why I am here. I'm, I'm here actually to represent for all of my fellow introverts where my introverts at.

(7m 55s):
Okay? I don't believe the ones who clapped, but many people raised their hands and I see you. The last time I did an all call for introverts, three tumbleweeds left the room. So I'm glad, I'm glad that you're owning yourself, but really my message is actually more for the extroverts. Basically what I wanna tell you extroverts is to stop being weird. What I mean by that is when we are turning up at the function, right, we're all there together and you see someone quietly just on the wall or in a corner or just watching things, chilling, having a drink.

(8m 49s):
I understand you're all empaths. I understand you feel discomfort or you're, you know, the life of the party and you rush over and the first thing you do is get in this person's face and you yell, are you okay? Are you having fun? And they tell you, I'm fine. I'm good. I'm having a good time. My message to you is believe them. Please believe them. We're having fun. You know what you've got there is an active introvert. I know it seems odd 'cause usually we're in our heads. It's a lot of fun in here. You know, we decorated it how we liked, but, But we do occasionally wanna go out.

(9m 34s):
We wanna do the things, you know, we wanna run and jump and climb and drunkenly, paint, pottery, or eat a messy taco in the street. Whatever it is that you guys are doing right now, we wanna do it, but we wanna do it quietly. We don't need to be all loud about it. You know, we just don't want someone running up to us like, are you gonna nurse that all night? Or you didn't even scream when we jumped out the plane. Like, let us, let us live. Let us live. Like respect the comfort levels. There are many different comfort levels in the room, in the space.

(10m 16s):
Let them all breathe. You know, we're just there observing and you need us to observe Who will tell the tale? You no, you need credible witnesses. We're seeing things you guys didn't even notice. Like, here's the thing. I noticed recently, clubs and dive bars are doing a weird thing with their bathroom lighting. You didn't even notice that, did you?

(10m 57s):
No, they, it's usually, it's got like one light bulb and it's like some whimsical color, like teal or magenta. And so you can't see in your squinting. And I guess it's supposed to be fun, but it's not fun for me because I need to see the color of my pee at all times. I, it just, it determines how the rest of the night goes. You know? So I'm in there with my phone flashlight, like making decisions. How are we doing? What's going on? No. If it's relatively clear, great, let's keep going. If it's got a tent, I'll take a bottle of water to go please. Something's wrong.

(11m 37s):
You know, I just, I was, in fact, I was in a club bathroom recently that had a sign on all club bathrooms on my third space I was in, I was in a club bathroom recently and there was a sign on the wall and the sign had a lot of information. It said, Hey, If you have drugs on you just know that we have testing strips behind the bar and If you or someone in your party does all of your drugs know that we have Narcan to pull you back. And if you're a person who has a menstrual cycle, we've got diva cups, tampons, and pads under the sink. And If you are planning on having sex tonight, we have a container by the sink that has all of the ACC mall that you may need. And I thought, wow, that's a lot of information.

(12m 22s):
Quick question, where is your toilet paper? Where is that? You've got me reading a lot while I'm sitting here drip drying. So I actually, I went looking around to see if they actually had all of this stuff. 'cause I am nosy. And it turns out they did. They had everything. They had snacks for, emotional support, animals, they had it all. And I was like, you know what? I kind of appreciate the measures that you've taken. I really do. Here's one measure. I wish you had taken a hook on the back of the door. What are we doing?

(13m 2s):
Do you think I'm going to put my tote bag down on this floor? Ew, that's nasty. You heard me correctly. I take a tote bag to the club. Oh, I do, I do because I am next level active introvert. So I go to the club to relax. I post up by the DJ booth. That's where you'll find me knitting. That's what's in the tote bag. Do you understand? I'm playing large font Sudoku. I'm drinking chamomile tea. I, so I guess basically, I guess basically my message for you all is just respect the boundaries while we're out here having a good time.

(13m 45s):
Get rid of your good stuff and bring a mug. Everybody bring a mug. If you wanna have a lot of fun at the club. You've been lovely. I've been Shalewa Sharpe, thank you very much. That was Shalewa Sharpe speaking at TED Next in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Es Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo.

(14m 28s):
It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.

(14m 50s):
Did you know that Foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation Funding? Shadowy Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court. And American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth. Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.

(15m 52s):
This is Jonathan Fields from Good Life Project and I'm here to tell you about Blue Lizards. So I live at altitude in the mountains where the sun is really intense and when I head outdoors, I trust blue lizards mineral sunscreens with their smart cap technology that turns blue under UV rays. And I love blue lizard's. Mineral sunscreen sticks perfect for sensitive skin. Be fearless in the sun. Go to blue lizard sunscreen.com to find out more information, which sunscreens are right for your family and where you can buy in store or visit Blue Lizard Australian Sunscreen Store on Amazon.

(16m 22s):
This Is Paige, the co-host of Giggly Squad. I use Uber Eats for everything and I feel like people forget that you can truly order anything, especially living in New York City. It's why I love it. You can get Chinese food at any time of night, but it's not just for food. I order from CVS all the time. I'm always ordering from the grocery store. If a friend stops over, I have to order champagne. I also have this thing that whenever I travel, if I'm ever in a hotel room, I never feel like I'm missing something because I'll just Uber eats it. The amount of times I've had to Uber eats hair items like hairspray, deodorant, you name it, I've ordered it on Uber Eats. You can get grocery alcohol, everyday Essentials in addition to restaurants and food you love. So in other words, get almost anything with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.