
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh Today, something special. A new original series called TED Intersections, featuring speakers taking on subjects At the intersection of their expertise. Chef John Kung sits down with cardiologist Uba vei to talk through their culinary journeys, how they found food to be healing and the way thinking more deeply about food has helped them find purpose. That's after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital. One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-Prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at IBM dot com slash watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it. The most


Support for the show comes from Omaha. Welcome to Omaha, where work and play meet where productivity meets the after party, where downtown convention space and hotels are within. Walking distance of 90 restaurants, pubs, and unique shops where locally made morning lattes. Meet five o'clock craft cocktails and where colleagues meet to explore the waterfront views in our 72 acre downtown urban Oasis. And where in 2027 a modern streetcar will take you to even more entertainment, restaurant and hotel options. Go to visit omaha.com/meetings to learn more.


Hi, I'm Debbie Millman and I host a podcast called Design Matters from the TED Audio Collective. Every episode I have conversations with designers, writers, artists, and other luminaries of contemporary thought people like Roman Mars, IWE Wei, Ethan Hawke, and Ashley Ford. We not only talk about their crafts, but how they design the arc of their lives, what they've learned, what obstacles they've overcome and how they've done it, and how they see the world Join us for an inquiry into the broader world of creative culture. Find and follow design matters with Debbie Millman, wherever you're listening to this And now our TED talk of the day.


The connection with food is, it always goes back to childhood for me and I, I grew up in the kitchen, so to speak, with my mom trying to cook everything she did. I used to watch her try to, you know, help her chop vegetables or go to the, the Sunday market with my dad and bring back meat and slice meat and kind of wanted to cook from day one. But I realized some of my skills weren't great. So I went to school in India and there was this hawker who was right outside our school. Yeah. And I was fascinated with his work because he used to sell the fast foods of India called Bji and, and you know, things like that.


But the way he chopped onions, just, I was hooked onto it because he would slice them up like he'll take onion and in 10 seconds the whole thing will be sliced and diced. Like finally. Yeah. I'm like, I'm gonna master that. So I became the master slice or er of onions in my house and, and later on in food, obviously look, it's the most creative expression of anything you can do in a daily life. And I love to cook with my wife and kids and it's just become part of my life. And I feel like it's also a way to fiercely express your creativity or independence and what you want the creation to be. So yeah, it's just deeply, deeply connected to food.


Wonderful. What about yours? What's your personal connection to food? My personal connection to food, as you had said, it is an expression of my creativity, but it is also a way that we express our culture and the way that we pass down our cultures. So growing up in Hong Kong as well as Toronto food was very much a way that I was attached to the things that my parents loved as well as my grandparents. My own grasp on Cantonese language is, is very, very weak because of all the traveling that we did when I was younger. So I felt like relearning cultural dishes was a way that I would easily get in contact with my roots without a thing to learn a Language.


But yeah. Yeah. What, what did, what did food mean to you when you were growing up in Hong Kong? I mean, food, I was very, very blessed. Hong Kong as is India is a very, has a very rich culinary history. And actually it shares a little similar ones in terms of, I would guess, is it the spices or imperial imperialism? Yes, There is, yes. But yeah, our appreciation for spices and flavor, there's an internationally internationality that was brought into there. So I was very spoiled for choice. Mm. In terms of what good food is. And I used that memory to kind of like craft my entire, like skill sets.


'cause I'm self-taught and I had nothing to go off of except my earlier experiences with food. So luckily like Hong Kong taught me how to eat and by there, by that I taught myself how to cook. So, so was that experience one of those formative ones that made you say, I want to cook in America? Yeah, that was the biggest reason was because where I was living, where I do live now, Detroit at the time didn't have a lot of options for traditional Cantonese food that I missed. Mm. So out of necessity, which as I think like is a very common thread among a lot of students from Asia, is like they teach themselves how to cook because where they end up for school doesn't offer the food that they miss from home.


Yes, that's right. And yeah, that, that was pretty much the basis of it. It just so happened that it turned into my career as opposed to just a hobby. What made you wanna be a cardiologist then? Oh, look, I, I grew up watching my grandfather who, who had been taking care of patients all his life. He was a, so He was a doctor as Well, he was a physician and I loved it when he would take care of people and there would be this expression of I think gratitude and, and my grandfather would not expect anything in return. He never charged a dollar for anyone. He was in the gandian movement and the freedom movement for India.


And I just grew up adoring him. I'm like, ah, that would be cool. And then as I started learning more about medicine, I went to one of the medical schools in India and realized very quickly that cardiology is one thing where you would get to save patients' lives, literally resuscitate patients who were dead in the field, resuscitate them and bring them back to life. And I found nothing more gratifying than being able to save someone's life. Yeah. And then that relationship continues afterwards because then there's a bond between you and the patient who now is not a patient anymore, back to living his own life or her own life and, and then this bond with that person and their family kind of continues on.


So I was really like, this is what I want to be in my life. Would you say like that intersectionality of like being able to tend and care for people is like what crossed you over into this food space then? I, you know, I didn't know back in 20 15, 16 when I was thinking of quitting cardiology and starting off on this crazy journey that I'm on right now. But looking back and reflecting on it, there is a lot of common threads where both are bound by a deep sense of purpose and a deep sense of building relationships and, and defying some of the things where people keep telling you it's impossible to do this.


It's impossible to save someone's life. They're already dead in the field. You can't necessitate them back. And here we are looking at a impending food crises, climate crisis of such large proportions and people keep saying, it's impossible to do this. We cannot do this. We'll not do this. People will not change, countries won't change. And I think this is a much bigger fight Yeah. Than saving an individual patient's life. But I think those common threads of saying, yes, these are possible by putting one foot in front of the other and starting to slowly make these things go away and you climb one mountain, celebrate the victory for a moment, and then the next mountain is in front of you. So that was your kind of inspiration to start upside.


Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Upside Foods is a company that I had started in late 2015 and the idea is, you know, the most delicious product in the world that we've known as as humans is meat. Yeah. I will agree with you. No, No disrespect to salads or greens or beans, but meat is the center of plate for almost every tradition in the world. And a lot of our memories growing up and also with our families now are tied to cooking meat. And while it's the most beloved food, there's also this incredible challenge where we ignore how it comes to the plate.


And we all know there's a troubling story of how meat comes to the plate, but we love it so much. We love the product so much, not the process so much and there hasn't been a real solution for it until now. So we've continued our journey as being conflicted convo, let's say. Yeah. And, and I thought it would be really cool if we can actually try to work on a solution where we can bring meat grown from animal cells directly to the plate. So we are not asking people to give up animal-based products, but incorporate that right in the future so the traditions can continue, the can continue.


It's a big tent solution where nearly people from all stripes can come together and have thought it'll be a win-win. But this was at the time of an idea stage. It is really, really hard to do it. And now back to the episode, What's been the biggest challenge so far in getting people to like accept this kind of like new way ofs? Not even like a product in a way, but it's like a new way of accepting what meat is and what meat could be like. Yeah, there have been challenges along the way, but this is unfolding in multiple chapters. Okay. So the, the challenges in the first chapter were people loved the idea but did not believe that the science would work.


So the first chapter was all about proof of science to showing that the science can work and that we can take cells from a, from an egg or a chicken or a cow and grow meat directly from those cells. And once we started doing it, we started showing these products and cooking it in front of people and having hardcore meat eaters and chefs come and cook it. Yeah. And it just melt the disbelief melts into like, wow, this is possible. And then when they taste it, it just demystifies a lot of things because all the neurons we've been programmed to kind of recognize as meat will start firing in your brain. Which I think is so interesting because like a lot of people that would probably be like your greatest distractors are like the same type of person that would be uncomfortable eating chicken wings with bones in it.


Still our perceptions of like from animal to meat have been so far removed That's Yeah. From what it actually is or where it actually comes from that this does not seem like that much of a leap considering how much we process the meat that we eat already. Like it is unrecognizable once it comes to your grocery store anyway compared to what it was when it was on the farm. So like what's the difference here? Or like why is this such a stretch? Well, yeah, I mean I think I'd say this, I think nearly all major or transformative innovations that have happened in the world eventually triumphed despite formable opposition and the opposition here is I think the fear of the unknown is actually higher than all the risks we are taking right now.


Yeah. With amount of animals we are raising in intense, confined places that can increase the risk of pandemics or zoonotics or things just like food poisoning or draining ecosystems to feed the crops with animals. Or even simply just like, what about animal welfare? Things of that nature. So that's the part that has been really interesting for us to learn that the fear of the unknown is more than the fear of what we're actually living with every second in our lives. And part of this is communicating better, demystifying it. And I think demystification should be very simple tasting the product, magical experience touring the place where it's made in clean production facilities where you can just go around and walk around and say, Hey, here's animal cells growing.


And then the last thing is just meeting the people that are making it. You know, they're just like people in your neighborhood working, farming, the people that are working behind it. Like there's Gen Zs and millennials and people of all generations that are part of our team just talking to them like these are real people working on making real pro, you know, products. Yeah. And solutions. I feel like If, you demystify the traditional way of processing meat. They would help clocking to, to this as well. I think so much of like people's acceptance of traditional meat is like rooted in what they don't know about the process of like, like not just the the the cost of cruelty to animals or the environmental cost, but like the human cost Yes. Of it as well.


Like these processing facilities are, are extremely harsh on like the body and I guess the wages are probably not very good as well. Yeah. But look, coming back to you, I mean you have been known to be creating a revolution in Detroit as a third culture cook. And my gosh, I would Love to Hear about your philosophy. You, what is that, what's your philosophy? So when it comes like third culture cooking or being a person of third culture is actually you have the exact lived experience is having, it's growing up with a predominant culture in your household, but your household tend just happens to be in a completely different culture altogether.


So in my case, growing up Chinese in a North American household crossing the cultural threshold every time you like step out the door, I, I've been pushing this idea that like, that access to daily nuance in two different cultures gives you kind of like an in-depth knowledge on both in a way that somebody who just studies one or just like is lived in one doesn't really have. And you see examples of this like all over the country. There's like Koreatown and Los Angeles or Queens out here in New York, just places where people are used to like complete immersion in more than one culture on their day-to-day life.


And that produces creatively speaking like a completely different kind of output. In my case it's food and it is like people will say, well isn't that just fusion? Which I don't believe should be considered a dirty word in culinary anymore. But yes, I think If, you look back far enough all food and all S right is fusion. It is the melding of cultures as the communities grow and yes. More diverse. And so it's a beautiful expression. Yes. And I was like, it's, it's very much, it's either rooted in creativity or cultural exchange or even just adaptation necessity.


One of the biggest things that I'm tackling right now is trying to, to get people to accept electricity into their home kitchens in the of like gas ranges. And I've been having a lot of pushback from a lot of Chinese community because of the way that we cook with walks. I see They want that high BTU high powered thing, high powered output to come up through through the walk cooking. And I've been trying to explain, it's like it's just energy. Like you can get that in a way without having all these toxic fumes and using all this fuel. You can get that with induction now and it's just a focused energy into the same pen that you've always been using.


And in that, I do believe like that's the adaptation element where it's like we have to do better for not just, you know, the planet but ourselves and our own personal health. And I think that's like where a lot of our missions intersect. Yeah. I mean, I'm curious, what's your favorite food to cook using? Oh me, this type of, oh, Chefy chef answers like, I like to cook eggs in it because like eggs give you such an immediate response. Mm. And a visual cue in like their level of doneness. And that kind of allows you to match. 'cause with, with with flame you can, you have a visual cue with induction it's just numbers.


I see. And it's hard to quantify that. So an egg can give, give you that like immediate visual feedback on like, I see what that energy is doing. And by that it is pretty much how I learned to cook traditional Chinese food in a walk without the help of a flame. I see. Okay. What's your take or what's your take on how our cooking can evolve and our choice of food can evolve to meet the crisis of climate? I mean, if your project goes off the ground and gets into everyone's homes, I feel like that would be a big one. But I think ultimately we have to meet humans at where their desires are.


We've tried very hard since our generations were very young to appeal to like, this is what we have to do. We have to be stewards of the planet and stuff. And yes, that is, that is very much true. But on an individual level, humans are beings of desire for better or for worse. And I think that is one of the problems that you are tackling is meeting them at their desires and at their wants and at their comforts. We've tried with alternatives already and I think like this is probably the best way to do it if we're going to tackle the climate crisis together, is just like meet them where their wants are.


Yeah. Yeah. I keep describing this as a catch 22 where we would want to have the solutions that preserve our choice. And we also do not want to have downsides to the choices we make, but there is a fair amount of wishful or magical thinking on our part as just humanity that if we ignore the downsides they'll go away. But the debt is building up enormously. Yeah. And it is striking at unexpected, you know, in, in unexpected ways. And I mean, look at how we're coming out of the pandemic Yeah. A hundred year pandemic.


And we still do not know exactly how that took off. Like it and millions of people died. Yeah. Millions of people. My father died a healthy man running around happy veterinarian in two weeks. And I think all of us are having more and more of this experiences. I think that is part of the debt that we're building up and I'm hoping that the catch 22 will get resolved by a lot more innovators and the incumbent industry coming together. A lot more people crossing party lines, lots of businesses saying this is relevant for us. And just letting these conversations like this happen and, and showing people what's possible.


And I'm really, you know, I'm an optimist and I think in order for us to be able to solve this immense challenges ahead of us, it it's going to require the world view of optimism, but a very pragmatic view of solutions. Yes. And go and add it over and over again because what might not have worked a month ago or a week or or even a, a year ago, a decade ago would work now. And I think that optimism is, is very, very important because it seems like with the younger generations, at least like what I see on, on TikTok and and shorts and all and reels is that the, the fatalistic doom and gloom messaging has been very, very effective to the point where young people almost feel not almost, they do feel helpless.


Yeah. And there was not enough of a focus to like the good things that we were doing. Not in a sense that we need to like pat ourselves on the back, but like, you know, progress is happening. Yeah. Technology is advancing and people are doing work to prevent disaster or further disaster from happening. And we need to focus on those stories just so that we can encourage people to like continue like doing what they can voting in the way that benefits the, the the planet and humanity. Yeah. And yeah, a focus on the optimism is I think what we need for like younger generations. And I do think like your work is one of those examples of good things.


Yeah. We are in the intersection of enormous amount of support Mm. But also enormous amount of resistance. Yeah. Places like Florida and Alabama and Italy have banned and criminalized making cultivated meat and it's all fresh in the last few weeks once. Yeah. But I do think cultivated meat offers a really big win for people and businesses and communities in these places and also across the world because it is the one single thing that can bring people of multiple stripes under the big tent. Yeah. You know, people who prize innovation, people who prize tradition, people who love eating meat and those who object to animal slaughter and, and basically to simplify people who love choice and people who love life.


Yeah. I think it's one of those things where we can bring people together and hopefully eventually I think we'll overcome this mass. Yeah. I but to say like hopefully through like acceptance in other states and like through examples and popularity that other places will show that this is a good product, this is a delicious product, that those bands would ultimately be lifted. 'cause they do seem like they were enacted out of ignorance and fear and let's face it, protectionism. Yeah. There is a fair amount of that and I think part of our work is to reach out as opposed to, you know, picking up and trying to just create more polarization. Yeah. Our goal is to reach out and let those communities and the people who wanted us to own our right.


See how we are gonna own our right by bringing people together. So that's part of my personal goal. So we'll be doing more work in Florida, Alabama and if needed to be in Italy. Yeah. Well if I can help in any way, I'd be happy to. Well, thank you John. I really appreciate it. Well John, it's really been fun to Talks Odoo you and cool Fact was, I got my start in Detroit and I think of the motor city as the one that got my motor going on innovation and, and I'm so glad that, you know, we intersect on, on, on, on the, on the fact that we both have connections to Detroit. So yeah, I'd love to come and visit your restaurant. I Would love for you to come. Detroit really has always been a city of innovation when it, whether it comes to like entrepreneurship or creativity, I think it's been an underdog for far too long and really deserve this flowers.


But the fact that it managed to produce both of us, we ended up here. It, I mean Look, Detroit has been the heart of the automotive transformation. It was, and I keep telling there's a food transformation happening and I'm happy to draw my roots from having an experience in Detroit that kind of influenced me to keep going on in search of cardiology and then going on in search of trying to say, can we make meat better and bring cultivated meat to the world. So I love Detroit so I'm gonna come and visit your restaurant. We will Be happy to have you back. Thank you John. Thank you. Alright, great to Talks, Odoo you. Yeah.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at IBM dot com slash consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level


You are listening to. Chef John Kong and cardiologist Uma ti in conversation for TED Intersections. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is supported by Trade Republic. Today I have the pleasure of interviewing Matino European Markets lead at Trade Republic. Together we are going to give you some tips in order to manage your money in the best way possible along with a few solutions thanks to Trade Republic. Why is it important to invest? Well, basically it's more than important because European people do not have a choice anymore. The macroeconomic conditions have changed and in the future, If, you want to preserve your purchasing power, you need to put your money at work, making your money work with aging population and crashing pension system all over. Europe is mandatory If. you want to be able as a future grandparent to be able to support your kids, your grandchildren, and invest in your projects. There is no no choice anymore. 85% of the European people money is sleeping on accounts and being destroyed year after year by inflation. That's several hundred of billions of euros every year added to it. All the interest from the central bank that people are not getting this year only, it's 170 billion euros out of the people's pocket. So think about, think about it, focus a bit on your money and start realizing that as a continent we can't afford to waste money as we do anymore. What are the solutions? Well, basically the key aspect is to put your money at work. And by that I mean make your money generating interest. So when you have a mortgage, for example, is the rates have increased a lot in the past two or three years due to the change in economic policy and now the revenue you get out of interest is not there. So search for interest is your first advice. Getting the European Central Bank interest rates, it's a 3.5% at the moment, should be a given for every citizen. It's not so search for it, ask your banker for more interest because you deserve it. Actually, How is it different from a regular bank? At Trade Republic, we make a simple choice to make good financial products accessible to everybody in a cheap way because we know that compound interest is your friend and compound fees is your enemy. So we offer savings plans without any brokerage fees. We are the only bank in Europe to give to everybody without condition. The European Central Bank interest rates, it's 3.5% growth at the moment. You get free savings plans, as I said, fractional bond investing. It's the only bank in Europe where you can do that. And a card, which on top of being a unique mirror is giving you back 1% into your savings plan. So earning savings while you spend receiving the interest on your cash and investing in a smart and sound way, that's what we offer. And this pretty unique at the moment because we have a European reach already there in 17 European countries. So go check in your country's app store, maybe you will see us there. What are your tips to invest money in the best way possible? The only investing tip I will give you is train yourself If. you do so. You will realize that it's actually way easier than you think and you only need to know three rules. Investing is about one long term. Two diversification and three progressivity dollar cost averaging as an investment methodology is something you should look into. Thank You, mattess. Now let us hear the last word. The most important one. Dare. You should dare take back control over your money. Nobody will help you, nobody will do it for you. So just do it and start taking control. Go download the app Trade Republic. You'll find us in the App store and we are happy to support you in building wealth across Europe.