
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. We have just started something special, a new original series called TED Intersections. It features speakers and experts taking on subjects at the intersection of their expertise on this episode, conservationist Christine McDivitt Tompkins and theater director Amir Nazar Zubi. The two of them come from divergent disciplines, but overlap when it comes to the ways they think about the changing planet and living creatures. The possibility of systems level change and how to start a movement after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


TED Talks. Daily is sponsored by A-D-T-A-D-T knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single. And the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe. Because when every second counts count on AD T. Visit adt.com today.


Support for the show comes from LinkedIn If. you are a B2B marketer. You know how noisy the ad space can be a lot of noise. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it'll just disappear. But with LinkedIn ads, you can be a lot more precise. You can reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant because LinkedIn has targeting capabilities to help you reach folks by job title, industry, company, and more. You can stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads right away. I've learned so much about the vastness of LinkedIn because it does seem like everybody is on there. So it's helping me find some leads or think of connections that I wouldn't have otherwise thought of without the technology. It's helping me stay informed and stay educated. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. We will even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/ TED audio to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ TED. Audio terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be, to be.


And now our TED talk of the day. Amal, which is my first project, was a refugee child that traveled, she was a puppet, but she was a refugee child. One of the most beautiful moments from my point of view was recently on the border of Mexico and the United States. There was a big line of immigrants, asylum seekers, refugees. I am, I don't want to get into the political titles, but people that are leaving a country in order to find a better lives. They were standing in the sun in the Sonora desert, and Amal arrived out of nowhere 'cause we were almighty walking there.


And there was a beautiful moment where the border police, the American border police and the children of the immigrants and the immigrants themself all had the same look on their face. And the look was full of love. Yeah. And, and I think that moment suddenly they all became one thing for a brief second. It, it lasts a second. But I wouldn't, I wouldn't have actually understood that, except I've seen Amal. And this really had a tremendous impact on me because you're taking, you're taking all the feelings and expressions that we have standing on the ground and we all know what they are.


But then you elevate this, even though she's a puppet, she's, she transcends everything that we really, the only languages we have on the ground and transcends that and walks straight over the top of how we behave day to day. That moment was a huge, a huge moment of optimism for me. That's Really storm. Yeah. Well, I can see that. Will you talk a little bit about the herd? Do you, do you Mind The herds? Herds? We are creating a big migration of life-sized puppet animals made from recycled materials, mainly cardboard.


And we are gonna start in Central Africa in the Congo Basin, which is in many ways the cradle of civilization. And we're gonna journey from Congo, from Kinshasa all the way to Tmsa and the north of Norway. In a long, long, slow journey of migration, the animals are leaving because the world is becoming too hot. So they're going to, the animals leave because they are early warning signs of a systematic collapse. Yeah.


And the animals leave and walk through our cities to remind us, remind us of beauty. I think beauty is a big word, an important word. They remind us of what happens when we work together. 'cause this project is obviously a, about a huge network of collaborations between people and that we can achieve impossible things, even ridiculously impossible things. But you know, a lot about ridiculously impossible. Right. So that, that's the idea behind the herds. And we're starting in the spring of 25. So it's it's quite close. Yeah. And yeah, me come and walk with me, I'm going to with lots of puppet animals.


No, I'm going to, I'm going to take one of the gazelle's and I'm gonna, I wanna walk, I wanna do the, the, the stint where they get far enough into the Sahara that they can't go any farther. And then they appear on the northern side. I can't, that's my, I can't Waits. My thumb is out. I'm gonna hitchhike On hitchhike on a, on a paper camera. That's right. Wow. Am Amal was very, very powerful. Not just because she was beautiful and very big. I think the, the pure genius of the people of who created a male handspring puppet company was to create a, a perfect storm of vulnerability and fierceness.


She's completely vulnerable as a structure. She's a yeah. A stilt walker hanging above and can collapse at any second. And that's visible. Yeah. People see that she's not stable, but she's also huge and fierce. Fierce. Yeah. Which leads me to my next question to you in a way. 'cause you are in many ways of mixture of vulnerability and fierceness. Right? You, I think you took your personal pain and flipped it into this huge power to change things. And I think that that's, that opens up so many interesting points for me in, in, in questions I want to ask you of how do you do that?


How do you take loss and pain and grief and turn it into this all consuming p positive power to change the world? 'cause you are changing the world. You know, I grew up in a family where our father was super clear. All of his kids, he didn't care what we did, but make sure you're great at it. So I had that kind of firepower drilled into me when I was little. And then Patagonia Chenard, who wanted to start making clothes, he just said, oh, here, invent this company. So I like, I like starting things at zero.


I like things that are difficult. I like, I don't, I don't know if that's a personality trait or something, but the work that Tompkins Conservation does today is essentially supporting our legacy groups, rewilding Chile in, in, in, in that country. And Rewilding Argentina and expanding our, the work we've done for the last 30 years out into the rest of the continent in terms of rewilding and land and sea conservation. Doug and I worked in all these projects for 25 years. And then when he died, suddenly, it's no secret, I just wanted to go with him.


Not kill myself, but just walk into the same lake and vanish. And yet we have all of these people, these team members, they're, they're like family. You have been through wars with them. You have, you have, you're living in these very isolated places and you're building schools so the kids of the team members can go to school locally. And, you know, you're creating these villages. And the power of a village, as I'm sure you know, is I think perhaps one of the, the great strengths of human bonding.


And so, well, I finally thought, what, what am I doing? I, I have to turn this into something else. And then it was just like that, just get up and You just don't stop. I don't know, I think there are elements of our character and personality that only when they're at their, the, that your skin is so burned that you are, you are in communication with a part of yourself that is almost never called upon, but you have it.


And in many ways you're on autopilot at first. You just start doing, and pretty soon the doing becomes a form in itself. And the loss, it doesn't retract itself, but somehow it starts to add in to the doing. And so that, you know, grief is like learning to speak a second, third, fourth language and eventually acting on things that You believe in. And, and, and you're relentless about that begins to take the same power that this grief had had at one point.


Something like that. And now back to the episode, How do you deal with no, because I'm sure Not. Well, I'm sure in, in creating these huge parks, there were many nos, there's many walls to bash your head against. And they don't always crack. You know, we haven't had so many nos. We've worked with 12 different presidents and I think we've created a national park with every one of them. But we have had, you know, very difficult times when people thought we were creating new Jewish states, even though we were raised as Anglicans or new military base for Argentina or a nuclear waste dump for, for the United States.


So we had years when it was quite dangerous and a lot of death threats. Phones were tapped for years and years and things like that. But I think you just keep your shoulder to the ground and keep doing exactly what you said you're doing. And eventually, eventually people begin to understand that, ah, maybe what they've been talking about is what they're actually doing. And you have to earn people's trust. You have to, I think, I think that's the, that's a huge part of the job is showing up and doing exactly what you say you're gonna do.


And you do it year after year, after year after year. And pretty soon you're starting to change culture. You're starting to change how society looks at their own jewels of their country and goes something like that. Are you an optimist now after, you know, Yeah. I, I'm not an optimist for this century because I think what's already begun is in terms of climate impacts, the great extinction crisis. I get asked this a lot and it's usually couched in a, do you think climate?


The, the, the fear of climate chaos is real. And I, and I am so in shock by that question because if people really understand that hundreds of millions of people today are affected by the change in their climate, whether it's drought, it's monsoon, it's all these swinging extremes going back and forth. And if you're on an island in the Southern Pacific or if you're in the Sudan, the South Sudan, Northern Kenya, these things are happening. And it's very hard to slow this train down.


And I, so in the short term, I'm very concerned, as David Attenborough says, the vast majority of people who are in influenced and in and affected by climate change are the very people who have no say in it. And they're the very people who can't get out of the way. And, and so yeah, I, I already have this sense of tremendous pain that these things are underway. And I think this, this is going to be a very difficult next 50 years, 80 years.


And I think somehow I'm more optimistic about the next century because we will have gone through this calamity as a world people. And, and I hope that humans finally figure out that they have no choice. They have to live within the confines and boundaries of natural systems's. How I see it, I'm actually very hopeful. I know this kind coming from, I'm an optimist, I'm an optimistic pessimist. I, I obviously, coming from where I come, there's no reason to be optimistic.


But I am, I do believe in mankind. I think we, we will come to our senses. We usually do it too late, a bit too late, but somehow we do it on the brink and we pay a price. And I think we, we are paying a price. It's not theoretical, walking with a mouth through Europe. You see people that have left because of climate change. This is not theoretical. And it will also, and I think that's part of the reason why I am, I dunno if optimistic is the right word, but, but we don't know what the effects are. We That's right. There is, there is a bit of, that's right.


There is a bit of, we are protected. It will happen to the global south, which is not necessarily true. It's happening now in the global south because these are weaker communities. The infrastructure is weaker. The and weather pattern, there's not enough fat on the body. Yeah, that's right. But water, you know, who knows, who knows what will Yeah. How it will hit. I agree with you. You know, I'm, I study economics and, and petroleum futures and all kind of strange things. Trying to understand like at what point are we going to really understand the real impacts of things.


And you know what black swans are, they are these unanticipated consequences that have no, there's, there's no, there's no warning. Like for instance, If, you look at the fall of the Berlin wall and If, you take yourself to early mid-September to 1989, nobody thought the Berlin wall would come down. And early October it's, it's finished. And so these black swans exist. They're unanticipated consequences.


So I agree with you. We don't, we can't know today how this is all going to unfold. And therefore, I think you and I work on things regardless of how we see the immediate mid-range and long-term outcomes. It's not gonna change what you do when you get up at night because you don't actually know how it's going to unfold. I, but, but, but, and and I think and that's true too. War and nature. Yeah. The minute it's over, life starts in all its vivacity and all its beauty.


You know, you see a fire and a second later the forest starts again, kicks in again in the midst of the terrible devastation that's happening in my homeland. Yeah. There's children playing. And even in the rubble, I saw a beautiful video of children sliding down a slab of concrete, of a demolished house. And the laughter and the joy was incredible inside all this misery. And I think life is very powerful. And that's what keeps me optimistic in these very, very frightening times. And I'm not talking only about my homeland, I'm talking about our No, I understand. Our, our faith as mankind, as humankind.


What keeps you awake at night? What are you thinking about? A lot of things keep me awake at night. I, I come from Palestine, so here was especially tormenting. I've lost friends. The situation back home is very, very dire and very, that keeps me awake at night. But I think, I think the, our lack of compassion is what drives me.


And in many ways drove me to become a theater practitioner when I was a, a young kid in Palestine. And I, I chose the tool I know best, which is storytelling to create compassion. But, and I think there's a lot of connection between the lack of compassion to, to our fellow man, but also to our climate, to our environment, to our spaces, to, to the other creatures that live with us on this ever rotating planet. And I think they're very connected. All these issues are connected for me. I can't separate the violence that is ensued now in my home from the violence that is ensued on climate.


And, and of course they're also connected 'cause the engine is very similar. Yeah, I completely agree. I think that the devastation of human communities through war are all sorts of injustice and inequity is exactly the same phenomenon that's happening with the non-human world as well. There's so few people who really pull the levers and run kind of the globalized economy and so on and so forth. But if, if we believe that all life has intrinsic value, which I think we do believe that, then it's very painful, as you say, in human societies.


And it's extremely painful in the non-human world as these species blink out and some of them millions and millions of years on this planet, and in the blink of an eye in geologic time, they're gone. And of course, If, you pull way back. Species are rising and falling. But I, I have a lot of trouble staying So quite, so understanding when we know what's taking place in the human and non-human world and the number of decisions within boardrooms around the world don't reflect the price that that life is having to pay for this lifestyle.


Who very few enjoy. What is the solution? Good question. Or is it a mix of solutions? Yeah, And I think it's always a mix of solutions. I think I, I, I study collapse of civilization, human civilizations as a hobby, not as a, my life's work. And I think, I think we really change under crisis. I think humans tend to not do what's absolutely necessary until they have no choice but to act.


And I'm talking about people who really have an impact, whether it's on the economic side, really any area. And I think that we're not there yet, but I think that we'll be forced to change the way that we're behaving. And that I think it will be swift as these things often are. And I'm, I'm, that's just what I think. I think we won't change until we're forced to. I I agree completely. And I think that both on the political level and on the, I think that all my work from my point of view is prepping, right.


Is prepping us to that. Prepping us. Yeah. Prepping myself, my immediate community, my, my audience that is preparing us to change, is preparing us to the expansion of the heart that has to come when change happens. Amir, thank you for talking to me. Chris, thank you very much. You're, you're true inspiration. I, I am saying this with lots of friendship and love to what you do and who you are. I feel the same way. And I'm grateful. This is one of, this is the first of what will be a thousand conversations In In Shala


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Progressive, where drivers who saved by switching save nearly $750 on average. Quote now@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. National average 12 month savings with $744 by new customers surveyed who saved with Progressive between June, 2022 and May, 2023. Potential savings will vary.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With watsonx, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


You were listening to Amir Nazar Zubi in conversation with Christine McDivitt Tompkins for TED Intersections. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


PRX.