
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I got to see almost all of the incredible talks at TED 2024, but there was one I missed and the FOMO is real. Y'all. I was obsessed with Lear Dene. Okay, Set it up because I missed it. So if, if, Oh my God. Yeah. Okay. Well, thankfully, I think that quantum computing guy is gonna invent time travel, and then you can go because you really missed something. It was very special. Since we haven't quite cracked time travel yet, we're lucky enough to live in the era of video and podcasts, so you and I can still check out theater director Lear de Benets talk, taking the stage.


She made a case for the arts as a force for community and got rave reviews. That Is what happens when you bring people together, when you gather and you show them that they can get outside of themselves and be transformed in a collective experience, and you realize like this is the magic. Also, you'll wanna stick around till the end of this talk for a special surprise from Lear and some friends all coming up after a break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank Capital One na member FDIC.


Support for the show comes from Justin Wine. Whether you're a first time wine drinker or a wine aficionado, Justin has a wine for every celebration and occasion. As the pioneer of Paso Justin Wines are what put Paso Robles, California on the wine making map with a rich history of accolades. Justin produces exceptional wines and is proud to be America's number one luxury cabernet. Visit justin wine.com and enter daily 20 for 20% off your order. Justin offers the perfect holiday gifts for clients, colleagues, friends, or family. Be sure to check them out@justinwine.com to receive 20% off your order for a limited time.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three, I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for Sidedo, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/sidedo.


And now our TED talk of the day. Let me tell you, as a little girl, growing up in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, everyday life was full of spectacle. In the months leading up to Mardi Gras, people from all over our community knit beads into dresses, stirred steaming pots of gumbo shaped chicken wire into grand majestic carriages stuffed with brightly colored tissue paper. On the day of the parades, grownups would walk out of their homes as mermaids and alligators and kings and queens. You could see your second grade teacher suddenly a peacock with beautiful sparkly feathers.


We would paint our faces and flow into the street where all day long the city sang and danced together regular people of all ages, races, and classes who stepped outside of their daily life and into a collective radiance. In my world, pageantry was not just reserved for Mardi Gras. Every Sunday a church voice is lifted together, inviting the holy down into daily life. Our church staged epic annual Christmas pageants complete with real smelly sheep, and down the road at LSU football games. On Saturdays, the stomp of the roaring crowd led by the marching band and the color guard registered as an official earthquake on the Richter scale.


When I was eight years old, big surprise I became a theater director. I did so with the belief that these spectacles were more than just fun, that something profound was happening when our community came together in the realm of the imagination. Pageantry and spectacle are in fact ancient universal aspects of human experience. Going back as far as we can trace the presence of humans on this planet. Religious ritual and celebration or carnival provided our ancestors much needed joy and the unique kind of group bonding necessary for facing their daily challenge of survival.


The question is, what do these spectacles mean in our day when the interconnectedness of our survival is less immediately visible and technology offers the constant opportunity for isolation. As a theater director, I search for what a communal gathering in the realm of the imagination can mean in our time. And that quest led me to wonder, inspired by the Mardi Gras of my childhood, would it be possible to create the feeling of a whole city on stage together? Well, what better way to try than the stage of production of the Odyssey?


With 181 people in the cast drawn from all over San Diego, I chose the Odyssey because as an epic story of the journey towards home, it felt large enough for us to all find ourselves inside of it. As I wandered around San Diego, I started to wonder, what if that amazing gospel choir played the Goddess Athena and those salsa dancers? What if they created CSI's lair and that amazing high school drumline? What if they took care of the big archery contest that saves Odysseus at the end? Sort of like medieval passion plays when it was like baker's. You take the last supper butchers, you do the crucifixion.


When the Odyssey opened in 2011 at the Old Globe, even I was not prepared for the wave of joy. It unleashed. Look, I'm not a social worker, I'm an artist, but the show surprised me. I did the show thinking it would be beautiful, but it was so much more than that. People were overcoming the challenges of fear and self-doubt in the imaginary process, and somehow it was making them feel equipped to face the challenges in their real life. After the show, we stayed in touch and I started hearing anecdotally what I would later learn scientifically, students who have been part of the show were doing better in school.


Some of our elders experienced noticeable health benefits, like better blood flow and increased mobility. A remarkable man In, his early fifties who had come to us through a homeless shelter, got a job, a steady job for the first time, In his adult life after the show, and 10 years later he was still employed. He traced it back to performing in The Odyssey. Why? I asked him and his answer was simple. He said, being part of the show reminded him that he had value and he knew that if other people were counting on him, he could show up.


Well, the public theater in New York was willing to give me a home for this work. And in 2012, I started Public Works, a program that brings together community members from all over New York City, including children and senior citizens, domestic workers, military veterans, men and women rebuilding their lives after prison and Broadway stars all to create 200 person pageants annually at the LAC Court Theater in Central Park. I wanna share with you for fun the quick math of how we put a city on stage through public works.


In, for example, our production of The Winter's Tale, we had 107 community ensemble members, ages two to 92, 34, choir singers, 16 bonger dancers, 12 ballerinas, seven Sesame Street characters, six stilt walkers, five Broadway actors, four capital baristas, three park rangers, two Chinese lions, one bear puppet, and one big bird. And that's how we made a city. But why stop there? This July 18, cities and towns across America will simultaneously premiere their own large scale public artwork, responding to the theme, no place like home, local artists partnering with their municipality and their local community health centers to manifest what is possible when the arts belong to everybody.


The beauty of this type of art making is that people who might not encounter each other in any other aspect of life except jury duty, gather together around life's deepest questions. This collaboration reinforces that we all deal with the same emotions. We have all known love, fear, frustration, joy, and because we meet as equals in the realm of the imagination, something is possible. That's often not when we're separated and boxed into our social roles.


And now back to the episode. Whereas in San Diego, my observations about transformation were anecdotal with public works. We brought on a linguistic anthropologist from the very beginning to trace the impact of the work over many years, and the results were the same. In my now 20 years of directing theater everywhere from prisons and shelters to Broadway, I have seen seniors recover from strokes and surgery more quickly than their doctors said was possible. I've seen children diagnosed with autism who had been told higher education was not an option. Go on to thrive in college and graduate.


I've seen a homeless man in Philadelphia suffering from severe AIDS related complications show up at our rehearsal immediately after leaving his hospital bed because he wanted to dance in our production of Don CTE that night. So after all of this, I am not surprised to learn that the World Health Organization pooled 3000 studies on the relationship between arts and health, and found that arts interventions have a significant role to play in the reduction of ill health, the promotion of good health, and the management and treatment of disease. The good news is that this type of health benefit comes from things as simple as joining a choir, going to a museum, being part of a weekly drawing class.


Loneliness is now an epidemic in our world, and the growing belief that we have nothing in common with people who believe differently from us politically or religiously, is tearing our social fabric apart, participating in something much bigger than yourself, working hard towards a shared good. This restores our sense of connection. And in the realm of the imagination, perhaps even behind feathers and sequins, what becomes visible is the divine spark in every human being and in our one collective elective of humanity. Friends, the sociologist Emil Durkheim says something I love and believe in, they find a remedy because they seek it together.


Thank you. Thank you. It was so fun to Talks Odoo y'all about that. But now I want to give you a little taste of it. I wanna bring to the stage now my good friends, Broadway legend, Brian Stokes Mitchell and Todd Almonds, my frequent collaborator on many of the things you saw on that screen To dream The Impossible Dream, to fight the unbeatable fo to bear with unbearable sorrow To run where the brave dare not go to right, The unrightable wrong, to love pure, and chaste from afar to try.


When your arms are too weak To reach the unreachable star. This is my quest to follow that star, no matter how hopeless, no matter how far to fight for the right without question nor pause to be wailing to Martin, to hell for heavenly because. And I know if I Be true to this glorious quest that my heart will I peaceful and calm when I'm laid to my rest and the world will be better for this.


That one man Scorned And covered with scars Still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars. This is my quest. This is my quest To follow that no matter how, no matter how far to fight for the right Fight, for the Right, without question, or to, to, to, to this glorious heart, peaceful when I rest will be better for this.


That one with with last


Support for TED, Talks. Daily is from progressive home of the name your price tool. You can say how much you wanna pay for car insurance, and they'll show you coverage options that fit your budget. It's easy to start a quote. Visit progressive.com to get started. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates, price and coverage match limited by state law.


Hi, I'm Bala sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business, that's the next level.


That was Lear de Bessonet at TED 2024. Joined on stage by Broadway legend Brian Stokes, Mitchell pianist, Todd Almond, the MEI, screaming Eagles Marching Band, and participation from TED attendees turn singers throughout the TED Theater, all singing The, Impossible, Dream, The Quest. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo And Will Hennessy.


I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.