
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm m your host Elise Hugh. The world is made of data as I'm sure you're reminded every time you're on a smartphone, but information designer Georgia Luby makes a case for choosing more intentionally What kind of data to pay attention to. And as she shares in her 2024 talk, her attention to data actually helped solve a medical mystery in her own life. After short break,


support for TED Talks. Daily comes from Aons Health Solutions. A thriving organization starts with a thriving workforce, but providing quality health and benefits today requires bold action. Aon is your ally in challenging the status quo with predictive analytics to forecast your health risks, expertise to transform insights into innovative and financially sustainable solutions and tailored strategies to meet the unique needs of your people and organization. The time for convention is over the time for better benefits decisions is now. Visit aon.com to learn more


Teams with big ideas. Start in Jira, the only project management tool. You need to plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping us in sync to deliver the big ideas our listeners love. And there's a lot more That teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key. So That, we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need to make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea. Today in Jira,


being a change maker is tireless work. BMW knows That better than anyone constantly pushing innovation. The BMW seven series and all electric I seven removes all distraction for a rejuvenating driving experience. Enjoy the luxurious cabin with rear executive lounge seating. Transform your ride with massaging seats and enhance your atmosphere with the panoramic sky lounge. LED roof. All details have been tailored for You so You can experience the BMW seven series fully made. For those who appreciate detail by those who are obsessed with it. Learn more about the innovative BMW seven series and available as a 100% electric I seven@bmwusa.com.


And now our TED talk of the day. I know this sounds weird, but the thing That I'm the most passionate about in the entire world is data really fun, right? Well I believe so in my practice as a designer, I use data to tell stories. Stories That are anchored in numbers, but actually That are mostly defined by small and qualitative data, which are the one That can add all of the context and human nuances. But What does That mean Well. For example, when Google wanted to help people understand the threat of plastic pollution, we designed a microsite where You can drop objects, That, You use every day such as a disposable plastic bottle and see how they break apart into microplastic.


That pollute the sky in the ocean, making this invisible layer, tangible and visceral. Or when the clothing company and other stories wanted to communicate about inspiring women. I designed a fashion collection where I showed the achievement of three amazing women scientists into data patterns. That are woven and embroidered into the textiles. From a personal level, data is the lens. That. I used to make sense of the world. I leave and breathe data and I love data so much That. One time I used It as a writing language to get to know a new friend across the Atlantic. For one entire year, we've been writing to each other every week, but We didn't use a word of English.


We spoke data sharing the most intimate details of our days and our personalities such as all of the time. That we complained and What It was about and was It even necessary or the thank yous That We said, and What they were for. And even the time That We argued with our partners. And right now the full set of 52 and 52 postcards happily leaves in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art, which is quite nice. Thank You With this mission to con a new meaning. When I became sick with a chronic illness, I have been living with long covid for the past four years. Long Covid, if you're not familiar, is an umbrella term That.


I used to describe the various health consequences. That some of us have after an acute covid infection or a covid reinfection and an infection associated illness like long covid can be mild and passed just in a few months, but it can actually be extremely disabling and leave You unable to attend to the basic tasks of your life for years or possibly indefinitely. Since my first covid infection in 2020, and especially so after my reinfection in 2022, I started to develop constant debilitating symptoms at my worst. I was completely house bound and at times fully bed bound. And for a while, I even had to stop working, which has been the hardest for me.


As I started to develop these constant undiagnosed symptoms. I, of course, torn to data tracking these symptoms every day, such as extreme fatigue, dizziness, heart palpitations, tinnitus, head pressure, nerve pain, and more tracking them together with the treatments That I was trying and then biometrics for my smartwatch. What I was eating and I was I was doing for the day, such as walking or commuting, and even my level of stress. And I did That to hopefully understand possible correlations and help me and my doctors crack this mystery, but also to keep me sane. You know moments of deep suffering and uncertainty.


At a certain point in my journey, I decided That I needed to share the data. That I collected with people. In fact, when You read about long covid, You usually read a list of symptoms. That might make a healthy person think Well. I'm tired too. After work or Well I have headaches as Well or, yeah, after my last Covid infection, I coughed for a couple of weeks, but I had never seen a thorough account of What. It means to live with a debilitating condition like this one on a daily basis. I had the opportunity to share my story with the New York Times in form of a visual oped. When I used the language of painted data visualization to share my journey day after day, the piece starts with warm color brush strokes.


That surround the title 1,374 days, my life with long covid as You. Start reading my essay in words. You. See That the brush strokes interact with the text, understanding without a legend That every different colors. Brush stroke represent a different symptoms. And seeing That the symptom aggregate by days as You. Keep reading a stack of different blood work and health tests. Just a sample of the many I've had pile up on screen and then a body figure appears and gets overwhelmed with all the different type of symptoms That I've experienced over the past four years.


Here is where my spreadsheet, my data, diary of sorts shows up. And as You keep reading. You encounter additional symbols for the hundreds of doctors appointments, the dozens of medications I've tried, my hospitalizations, and ultimately the tens of thousands of dollars. That I spent for my care. And finally, You piece it all together. When You encounter a visual calendar of my year, the calendar gets filled with all these brush strokes in the additional symptoms. And then you'll see an addition of handwritten annotation. That can help You understand What was happening, my vaccinations and my re infections. Ultimately seeing That, the calendar of our lives changed drastically and dramatically after we got Covid.


And now back to the episode. Now this is a detailed story of my journey, but I always wanted to include other people's experiences. And so I asked members of the long covid community, That I connected with online to respond to one prompt. I Hope That I will be able to blank again. And at the end of the piece, You read hundreds of heart wrenching hopes from people That, hopefully be able to walk their dogs again, to play with their children, to get back to work, and simply to live a life. That is free and independent, ultimately concluding with a collective hope That, we can all start living with a blank canvas full of possibility.


Once again, the response to the piece has been incredible. I received thousands of messages from people sick with different chronic illnesses and caregivers That in different ways told me That, they finally feel seen That. They now have a visible, striking and emotional evidence to send their loved ones, to make them understand What. They're really going through data. If we look at them and represent them for What, they are, which are human and nuanced representations of our lives. data can move us profoundly. data can shape human narratives. That can open conversations, convey empathy, and even connect people.


As for me, You might be asking 10 months after the publication of the essay, I am doing much better. I am not cured. I still have limitations. A few setbacks and I still take a fair amount of daily medication and prescribe supplements. But I am starting to paint a different picture for myself. Now this is my own story. I am no medical expert. And I don't aim to speak for the long covid community at large. But here's What I have done earlier this year, I decided to shift focus completely. I started a new data collection. One That is only about progress, where the categories in my spreadsheets are only What. I have been able to Odoo such as walking to the subway or trying a few minutes of physical activity without any consequence of What.


I've been grateful for for the day, such as a dinner out with my partner. In the few moments, That I felt really good in my body. I have retired my smart torch, which truthfully it was giving me more bad than good news every day. And I have stopped logging and therefore paying constant attention and giving meaning to my symptoms. In the beginning it felt scary. I felt almost naked a drop in this build habit of monitoring my body so closely, something That gave me a semblance of control and also something That made me who I have been for the past four years. But I realized something That changing how I look at things also changes how things look.


Dropping the need to observe my symptoms and shifted my focus has reshaped the way That I see my journey. Now I wanna make clear That. The last thing That I want is for people to think That. These illnesses are all in our heads or That. Positive thinking alone can fix them. That is simply not true. This new approach is part of a program based on solid neuroscience called brain retraining. Every day. Like thousands of other people, I've been putting in hours to retrain my brain to react differently to symptoms and trigger. And this approach followed the principle of neuroplasticity, which is our brain's amazing ability to rewire itself.


Something That can help reduce symptoms and improve the life of people with chronic illnesses. This new approach and this new data collection have been giving me hope something That I have missed for a long, long time. Almost a year ago at the end of my essay, I also shared my hope at the time it reads I hope. That I will be able to take walks again to snowboard, to sit at a restaurant and eat with my friends. To travel to my home country to be pain free and simply enjoy a day in the sun without symptoms or fear I hope That. One day I will get back to the person That I used to be. And I am happy to report That.


I am on track for most of That. The snowboarding part is still a bit out there, but we'll, I will be taking a plane to go to Italy, my home country, for the first time in years, in two days after this talk, which I'm really excited about. Thank You Thanks. I believe there is a bigger message here. The world is made of data, but not the data That we produce with our smartphones or credit cards. It's made of the data That we decide to give our attention to at any given time. Because What You choose to see shapes who You will become, and ultimately your entire world.


I believe in my recovery. Now, It might be far away in time. It might have bumps in the road, but firmly believing That It can happen and choosing to look at It over and over despite the obstacles is the first step in That direction. I know That for sure. Now thank You.


This episode is brought to You by Progressive Insurance. Odoo You. Ever think about switching insurance companies to see If? you could save some cash. Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When You bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


If. you make decks at work, You should make the switch to Canva Presentations. Canva presentations might be the most visually impressive presentations you'll ever use. Start with a designer made template and add images, videos, and graphics from Canva's. Massive media library. You can even add smooth slide transitions and data animations to really set your presentation apart. You'll love the presentations. You can quickly and easily design with Canva and your audience will too. Love your work with Canva. presentations@canva.com.


That was Giorgia Lupi speaking at TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. PR.