
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show. You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day.


I'm your host, Elise Hugh. For more than a decade, journalist Lei Chang built a successful career reporting on China's economic growth for outlets such as CNBC Asia and the China Global Television Network. But in 2020, her career came to a sudden halt when the Chinese government jailed her under false accusations and kept her detained. For three years, LEI took the TED stage to share lessons learned from her imprisonment, namely that only through losing freedom do we learn to truly appreciate it.


Ready to order? Yes, we're earning unlimited 3% cash back on dining and entertainment with a Capital One saver card. So let's just get one of everything, everything. Fire, everything. The Capital One saver card is at table 27 and they're earning unlimited 3% cash back. Yes, Chef, this is so nice. Had a feeling you'd want 3% cash back on dessert. Ooh, Tara Masu Earn unlimited 3% cash back on dining and Entertainment with the Capital One Saver Card, Capital One. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com for details.


This episode is sponsored by Lumen. Your metabolism is like your body's engine. It powers everything you do from how you move to how you feel, and when it's running smoothly, you feel the difference. More energy, better sleep. Improved recovery Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach that helps you understand what your body is, burning fats or carbs just by breathing into it each morning. Then the app gives you daily nutrition guidance personalized to your body's needs. This summer, stay in sync with your metabolism and feel your best, whether you're active, resting, or anything in between. The warmer months are coming spring back into your health and fitness. Go to lumen.me/ TED to get 10% off your lumen. That's LUME n.me/ TED for 10% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking simply safe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simplisafe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


My talk is about what I didn't have for a long time. I received free accommodation from the Chinese government for over three years for so-called leaking state secrets overseas at the worst time for Australia China relations. And the first phase was called RSDL, Chinese spelling for hell. Then in detention, the sort that makes jail seem like Ibiza, and it was through that ordeal. Call it the Wonder Diet that I realized Freedom is wasted on the free.


Let me explain. When you only have a few dollars, you know how to spend it. When you win the lottery, it's easy to squander and hard to get your priorities right. Same with freedom. You can be paralyzed by choice. You can't comprehend the vastness or the preciousness. So how do you make freedom count when you're lucky enough to have it to start what it felt like to be not free. In RSDL, I had two guards glued to me front and side at all times.


I was made to sit for 13 hours straight each day. I had to request permission to make the smallest movement and you know what? I want it to do the most. I wanted to run and usually I hate running. I couldn't talk, which to me is major torture. I wanted to Talks Odoo anyone, but in real life I have sometimes wor ear pods to shut people out and I would've done anything to learn except when I was outside, I wasted the chance. I was too busy.


Then I moved to detention. I had three cellmates and that already felt like freedom, paradise. Nobody in the cell regrets things like money or assets, but we were kicking ourselves over the travel. We didn't do the love. We didn't show the risks. We didn't take. Imprisonment is like a mini death. It's a taste of the real thing. It hit us that one day we'll lose the chance to do everything, even the stuff we hate now. So now I do things I want immediately.


Another way to value freedom is to be super aware of the forms of prison. My son asked me if a kid goes to the same nursery, elementary high school, is that a 13 year sentence? It got me thinking about life as a death sentence and the prisons we put ourselves in property objects can tie us down. Relationships can be shackles too, and we sometimes give up our civil liberties in exchange for a neat society.


But the maximum security prison is our mind, our fears and conventions and biases. And that's why the officers in detention who are so bound by doctrine couldn't understand that we could learn with delight and make fun behind bars. I talk about imprisonment, but in fact everyone here, we've all had some loss of physical freedom. COVID, lockdowns, we've all been sick in bed. But when we lose physical freedom, it's an opportunity to find freedom within.


And that's how I could when I was blindfolded and handcuffed, think myself to infinity through imagination, knowledge and A-B-T-F-I, serenity beyond the fuck it. It means no matter how bad things get riding out the worst part, which for me had been wanting to bash my head open against the tiles to shut off the mental anguish. It had been been stripped naked in a cage. So the ultimate state of being is to be serene.


But you can't get there until you've exhausted the other extreme. Anxiety, pain, despair, and now I'm giving a TED talk. Thank you. And when we ask Serene, we can choose kindness. When those guards watched me at all times, I would still say good morning to them. I didn't hold it against them. When they enforced the strict rules, because I saw that they suffered too during the shifts. They couldn't talk, drink water or even go to the toilet. They had to watch me shit, shower and sleep.


Later in detention, I would still show courtesy to the officers even when they were rude. Even when they encouraged us to snitch, I still chose to forgive my cellmates and empathize. If I become vengeful and petty, then they've taken away more from me. I was in a cell for a while with a terrible bully. She made my life hell. But once called for a midnight interrogation, she was so scared. She asked if she could hold my hand.


I hugged her and comforted her. Once you realize that pain is the ultimate commonality, it can also give kindness as the universal gift. Some of the most precious gifts I've received we're in detention even though we had close to nothing. Music, a cellmate wrote a song in her head in solitary and sang it for me on my birthday, no Spotify or chat, GPT or even notepad from her head to our ears, poetry and acrostic poem, knocked via the adjacent cells walls through an alphabetical code.


It took over 400 knocks and precise counting to receive that message. But you know what? With each knock I could feel the power of friendship transcend those thick walls. Of course, we were punished, but it was worth it. Crafts that we made in secrecy that were destroyed one scene because he was against the rules, but the objects were nothing compared to how we felt in making and giving those gifts. So you see, there can be endless creativity even within a world of constraints, and maybe by having so much we lose the ability to create something out of nothing.


I'm not promoting detention, but like athletes training at high altitude setting, some constraints may expand our minds. We can also expand our appreciation of life through some deprivation because that recalibrates your Richter scale for joy. One summer night in detention, there was a blackout, the only darkness we'd experienced in all those years. The hateful fluorescent lights were off and nobody could see us on the monitors.


Five minutes of joy that we talked about for months. Then recently in my hometown of Melbourne, there was a storm blackout and instead of smiling in the lotus position, guess what? I was worried about food in the freezer, charging the electronics, some other first world problems we complain about. Oh, the weather, the Vancouver rain. Well in there. I have been in tears because I could finally smell the rain, the traffic well in there. The only traffic was bumping into my cellmate along the one meter wide corridor along which to walk five meters.


Too many emails. I went for months without a letter. I had one phone call in all those years, annoying kids. I used to have to imagine my kids' faces because I couldn't keep a photo of them in the cell. So you see, when our canvas is so full, we look at that little smudge and we magnify it. But when our canvas was bare, we could celebrate even one drop of color. And that's what I hope I will continue to do and I hope you will join me.


Remind ourselves of the blindness so we can see life fully like a newborn. Thank you. That was Lei Cheng at TED 2025. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Sica Song Maron.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Ready To order? Yes, we're earning unlimited 3% cash back on dining and entertainment with a Capital One saver card. So let's just get one of everything, everything. Fire, everything. The Capital One saver card is at table 27 and they're earning unlimited. 3% cash back. Yes, chef, This is so nice. Had a feeling you'd want 3% cash back on dessert. Ooh Tara Masu. Earn unlimited 3% cash back on dining and entertainment with the Capital One Saver Card, Capital One. What's in your wallet terms? Apply see Capital One dot com For details.


What makes a great pair of glasses At Warby Parker, it's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95 including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


Hi, it's Danny Pellegrino from Everything Iconic and I couldn't help but wonder when is the official and just like that podcast coming back. Well, it's Back Baby. And just like that is back on Max and so is the official podcast each week on and just like that, the writer's room, join a writer, director and executive producer Michael Patrick King as he unpacks every episode after it airs on Max. Listen to and just like that, the writer's room on Max or wherever you get your podcasts. I.