
Hey Prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ ad-free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads


Ever. Wonder what your lashes are destined for. The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with lash, sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsies lash lift, or natural looking volume from great lash, your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart,


Worried about what ingredients are hiding in your groceries. Let us take the guesswork out. We're Thrive Market the online grocery store with the highest quality standards in the industry. We restrict 1000 plus ingredients so you can trust that you'll only find the best high quality, organic, and sustainable brands all free of the junk. With savings up to 30% off and fast carbon neutral shipping, you get top trusted groceries at your door and you can stop worrying about what your kids get their hands on. Start shopping at Thrive Market dot com slash podcast for 30% off your first order and a free gift.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, change agent Sharon Zuckerman's. Cancer diagnosis led him to question whether survival averages and using averages as a metric generally is even a useful metric to begin with. His 2024 talk illuminates a few questions to ask ourselves before we focus on averages and how to learn from them if we do. In March, 2022, I was diagnosed with colorectal cancer. Within days, I had learned that the cancer had already penetrated the walls of my colon and spread to multiple lymph nodes.


My doctor explained that this was categorized as stage three C. I immediately sought to educate myself about the disease and its treatment. I found a study that said the chances of me surviving more than five years was about 50%. I was 39 years old at the time. I wasn't a health nut, but I was active. I didn't always make the best food choices, but I didn't consider myself unhealthy either. How could it be that the odds of me surviving to my 44th birthday were no better than a coin flip? Initially, I was paralyzed by that number, but then I realized that I wasn't just a number and neither were the other people. In that statistic, the average survival rate included people much older than me, people with different lifestyles and histories, some with genetic preconditions and others who may have been heavy smokers for decades.


This realization prompted a fundamental shift in my thinking, so I started to deeply question how we use averages, especially in moments that shape our lives. I'm a management consultant and my job is often to deconstruct data into its finer granularities, what is commonly called de averaging. I look beyond surface level averages to help my clients understand their customer's needs and take the right decisions on things such as pricing or service. As I navigated my own diagnosis, three key questions emerged about averages. One is the average, the right metric. Two, am I focusing on the right average? And three, what am I missing by focusing on the average? First is the average the right metric.


When designing a car or cooking a meal, it's common to aim for broad appeal. People often target the average person, but there are instances where the average is the wrong metric altogether, especially when managing risk. Take the Burge Khalifa, for example. While Dubai is not situated on a tectonic fault line, it does experience earthquakes. On average, there are 52 earthquakes in the UAE per year, most of a magnitude four on the Richter scale, yet the tallest building in the world, the Birge Khalifa was designed to withstand a 7.0 magnitude earthquake because the developers decided to look beyond the averages in their planning. Can you imagine the implication if they had planned for the average intensity of earthquakes in the region? Designing a safe structure requires planning for more than just the average risk, and this applies to our everyday decisions too.


One family movie night, I chose a scary movie that was age appropriate based on the average age in my household, 23. Needless to say, my 6-year-old got very little sleep that night. The average was simply not the right metric. Second question, if the average is the right metric, ask yourself if you're considering the right average. For instance, I've never witnessed someone using an automated external defibrillator or an A ED. I know where they are in my office and I've noticed them in restaurants, but I've never seen one in action, have you? The reason is that on average, there are about 200 cardiac arrests in public spaces in the US daily and in only 10% of these cases. There's a bystander use in a ED.


The average usage of an A ED must be very low, but the value of having an a ED accessible isn't based on the average likelihood of witnessing a cardiac arrest or using an A ED. It's about the impact. When one is used every minute after a cardiac arrest, your chance of survival decreases by seven to 10%. If you receive an a ED shock within the first minute, your chance of survival can jump to nine and 10. In this case, focusing on the right metric, the potential impact of having an a ED makes all the difference in rationalizing why we invest so much. This was the case with my cancer diagnosis as well. The survival statistic that I encountered was based on broad data covering many ages in geographies. What I didn't know initially was that over 80% of colorectal cancers occur in people over the age of 49, 10 years older than I was.


Plus, this data was outdated and didn't consider my specific treatment plan, which had only been developed in recent years. If you've decided to rely on an average to make decisions, make sure it's the right one. Ask yourself, what does this average include that may not be relevant in my situation, and is there a more relevant average that applies based on my context? Anyone who's driven in LA knows the difference between planning for the average commute versus the rush hour commute. Finally, if the average is the right metric to look at for your objective and you are looking at the most relevant average, you still need to ask yourself the third question, what am I leaving out by focusing on the average? My first job was at a real estate investment firm before the subprime mortgage crisis.


We all know how that worked out for many of the players, but firms that survived relatively unscathed did so because they didn't just focus on the average default rates. When analyzing investments, they examined the worst case scenarios, the outliers that had the potential to tank investments. Tire value learning from the averages often means ignoring the outliers, but there's a lot that we can learn. In his book, cured Dr. Jeffrey Reder, explore spontaneous remissions in terminally ill patients. These so-called miracle cases often defy scientific understanding and are typically dismissed as statistical flukes. Surely some of these are, but what if we study these outliers more closely? They could hold valuable insights even if they don't fit the average mold. What may not be statistically significant for the average patient could make all the difference for an individual patient.


It's critical that when we decide to use the average and are looking at the right one, we also consider outliers. Otherwise, we could find ourselves getting an average medical treatment instead of one tailored to our specific needs. I was fortunate enough not to be a terminal case like those that Dr. Redigr studied, but after reconsidering the average, I realized that 50 50 odds wouldn't be relevant. In my case, I set a different metric for my own survivorship and I'm targeting a hundred percent. Thank you. That was Sharon Zicherman recorded for TED at BCG in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines, and that's it for today's show.


TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Es Stefanos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft sleep number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? Sleep number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you, C Store or sleep number.com for details.


At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low cost and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


Hey, This is Paige from Giggly Squad and this episode is brought to you by Nordstrom. Nordstrom is here to help you dress in a way that feels totally you. With the best spring styles from boho dresses and matching sets to must have bags and sneakers. Discover thousands of items from lots of your favorite brands like Mango Reformation, Veronica Beard, and Farm Rio. It's easy too with free shipping and returns in-store. Order pickup and more. Shop today in stores and@nordstrom.com.