
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today something special, A new original series called TED Intersections, featuring speakers taking on subjects At the intersection of their expertise, we've paired up Social psychologist Brian S Lowery with AI technologist Kylin Gibbs to talk through technology in the near future, whether we're too worked up about AI and what differentiates humans from other creatures, including artificial ones after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks. Daily is sponsored by a DT. adt knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on adt, visit adt.com today.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead, I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. D HelloFresh America's number one meal kit.


AI is shaking things up and it's fascinating, confusing, and sometimes scary. Our new podcast, the TED AI Show, helps you understand what you need to know about AI and how it's changing our world. I'm your host, BVO sdu, a creative technologist and AI innovator, and I ask experts, artists, journalists, and beyond to guide us through the thrilling world of tech and how it's gonna affect the future of our health, art everyday lives, and so much more. Each episode will leave you more informed and with tools to help you understand how AI will change your future. Check out the TED AI show wherever you get your podcasts.


And now our TED talk of the day. What makes a human a human total precious, isn't it? I mean, there's like two ways I would look at it. Like, one is for my personal life and one is for my work life. Like one thing that's interesting is like, there's been points when I've been spending like four to five hours a day in tracking with ai. And the interesting thing that happens in that is the things that you notice, like when you first start interact, like, oh, this is really realistic. Similar to like when people start first at like black and white tv. Yeah. And you're like, wow, this is like real life. But then as you get used to it, you start to kind of realize like the things that make it less authentic. And I think something that I've realized AI is like, there's certain ways that we interact that are just more spontaneous.


Like there's something about the predictability of AI that teaches you about like the spontaneity of being human, the ways they communicate, the naturalness, the contextual awareness. Like these little things that all add up. That's on the technical side. On the other side, I mean, I think there's something of just like the shared experience of being human that actually I think like differentiates it even from like other animals experience. Like, you know, you, you have a traumatic moment in your life and then you start to resonate with other people's. Like, I feel like every time I've had something that nearly catastrophic, it like opened up like a new door of empathy and then you start to be like, oh man, that really hurt. You know? Or like when you cry about something, you're like, wow. And then you start to remember like, this is what usually happens to me. It's like I start crying about something and then I think about all the things that like I did for my mom or my grandma and like all these kinds of things and the things that they felt.


And I feel like that there's something in that kind of like shared experience where we have these things that like differentiate us. We're all different people, but there's something about like those common feelings that it all kind of arises from. But anyway, that's one thought. I love that answer. And I wanna say that you, you're not normal in that way. Here's why I don't think you're normal people anthropomorphize anything. It doesn't have to even be that good, right? It doesn't have to be anywhere near as good as like AI for people to treat it. Like it has some like human characters. People treat their cars like they're people. So I'm surprised that when you interact with it a lot, it feels less real to you. There's, there's something about, like, I think about like resolution, it's like the way of seeing the world and like, you kind of increased this, right?


It's like the same reason you can't look a TV that's not 4K now. And it's someone I think who worked on like early VR was saying, you know, the interesting thing about it was like when you stepped out of it, you're like, oh, the real world is actually amazing. And it's actually really hard to recreate that in technology. And I think the same is true for ai, is like, maybe for some people when they interact with it, the thing that they see is some commonality. But the thing that I always notice is like, well, this is very different from the conversations I have with my parents, even though it's, it's like something similar, there's something off. And I, it's, it's those little things that it's like, that's like, I think what over time will add up as people use AI more is they'll start to recognize, and I can't even point at them like, what are those nuances though that, you know, make us human?


You just, You just know it when you see it and you're like, and it's missing an ai. Yeah. So I mean that, that's, that's also interesting because what you just suggested is that the more people use ai, the less real it's gonna feel to people. You think that's what's gonna happen? Hmm. I mean, there's probably another case, like, you know, it's the same way as like, you know, your Instagram and Facebook feed isn't a real conversation. There are certainly kids especially who would look at those kinds of feeds and feel like, oh, that's a real representation of my friends or my, you know, my favorite celebrities or whatever. Actually think when it's like completely, well, I shouldn't say completely, largely false. And I do think something similar will hap will happen with ai, where some people for sure will like almost be in like Encaptured and they will believe that like, that's the most realistic thing that exists.


And then start, compare people to that. But I, I think that, you know, If, you have that degree of empathy, you'll be like, oh, there's something off here. It's the same way as like, even If, you use a Zoom call. Yeah. There's something off. Yeah. It's like, I can't know. You can't, you can't, it's hard to pick it up, but like, I'm not picking up all the signals and it's, it's the very little like, nuances that you probably just subtly pick up as well. So you don't think that the technology's gonna advance quickly enough where to overcome those little things fast enough to capture all of us? You're not worried about that? I am definitely worried about that. Mainly because, because I think, I think for most people it's easy, right? So the thing about AI is it's, is it's so beholden, at least If, you think about like the chat bot styles. It's so beholden to what we want.


And that's kind of like what people I think want in their, a lot of people want in their life or they need is like the sense of control. And this, the AI gives you this sense that like, I can control this anthropomorphic thing. And that's honestly one of my fears is that people get used to that. And what does it mean when like, I get used to interacting with something that is beholden to only my views and interest, and then I go interact with a human who has their own interests. Ah, and you think people, you think people want control? I think people want to be controlled. Ooh, Maybe it's this form of control though, to be controlled as a predictability, I guess. Yeah. People want the world to make sense, don't you think? Yes. Yes. I think they also want the world to be, like, there's something about like preferring predictability over optimality.


So like, I've even felt it like when you have like, you know, a mental health moment, you have friends who have mental health moments, things that I've always seen is interesting is like your brain and your mind prefer to stay in a state that's that's familiar even if it's worse. So if you're in like a depressed state, you almost would rather like stick in that than break side of it, right? So there's something about like, things that are familiar rather than actually like better. And that, I don't know, there's like a, a bias towards, you know, you you almost identifying then with those kinds of states. Yeah, There's, there's, there's research on this one. It's called the status quo bias. People like things that are already there. And two, people like to have what they believe about themselves, affirmed if they really believe them, even if they're not positive.


So that, that is true. So I, they're like, what does that look like in ai? Yeah, I mean it's, it's definitely interesting to me that people seem to love, like, you know, you Talks Odoo a lot of these things and they, they sound like computers and they sound like ai, but people love it because it's kind of like, it's, it's familiar, it's controllable, you know, If, you start to add lots of personalities and these kinds of things. It makes sense in context. But I found it interesting that like, as we started developing these AI systems that people interact with, they all have this kind of like similar voice. It's a very, it's a very AI voice. You can kind of tell that you're talking to an ai, maybe that's intentional, but there's, there is something there where like, I think people have a preference to getting what they went from humans, from humans and from ai, from ai.


But that could blend. Like I think that there's, you know, there's already lots of, you know, people in certain demographics who spend a lot of time on the internet and they start to identify like that's their favorite form of interacting with people. And so I do think that there's a reality where like as we move into the future, there will be people who bias towards that for whatever reasons. You know, whether it's the comfort of knowing that someone's not judging them, whether it's like the format that it speaks to you with that will kind of bias towards, you know, preferring those types of interactions. But on the other hand, I always think that there will just be like, you know, there'll be a distribution of people. Mm. And you'll have some people who really don't like it. And you know, like, like I was saying, the more that I interact with now, I, I find almost painful. Mm.


Because I just pick up on so many of these issues that you're like, I can't even, I can't even use it at a certain point. And, you know, my, you'd think that like, you know, I'm in the AI space. Any, I, I write like 20 page docs. I don't use AI for a single bit of it. Yeah. Because it, it does remove that voice. And I do also wonder though is as people interact with it more, will they either identify the differences or start to conform to the things that they're trained? With ai, it's the same as like, you know, If you interact with the same, you know, your partner for example, right? Yeah. You start to be biased by the communication. 'cause you're talking So much. You mean they're training you, they're training you a degree, right? You're like, you know, you're, you a partner's Probably like, you know, they, they have a preferred way of communicating. You get used to it, these kinds of things.


So I do wonder if as people interact with AI more that they'll kind of all converge. That's probably one of my biggest fears actually, of ai, is that cause this convergence of, you know, I'm Concerned about the exact opposite. Okay. Here, so there's, I'm gonna, I'm gonna shift a little bit. So when we talk about ai, what you're way, you're describing, it's usually like diadic interactions. Like I'm interacting with one ai, one agent. Yeah, that's true. But really what people do is interact with multiple people, right? You interact in some community or some small group setting. And I'm surprised that there's not more of that in ai. So you, you're also in gaming, like, my understanding, I don't, I don't really game, but my understanding is a lot of the gaming is about connecting with the people. Yeah. And it's a community Yeah. Kind of experience. I'm, I'm, so there's two things. One, I'm really surprised that AI seems so focused on these, like one-on-one interactions as opposed to like multiple AI agents creating a more immersive social experience.


I, I love If you brought up. That's really what we do. So, okay, good. So, so that's one other thing. Like the reason I worry more less about convergence and more about divergence is If, you could produce a more immersive social experience. Now everybody's having their individual social experiences. Like now what I worry about with ai, with vr, with all these kind of technologies that are expanding, what we can control about our social environment, about our physical perceptions in the environment, is that we all inhabit our own singular world. Like that is more frightening to me than like Yeah. You know, that we all converge to the same experience.


And now back to the episode. Well, my, my mom's a a grade seven teacher, and the one thing that she said is really interesting is, If, you went by like 20 years, everybody was watching like the same TV shows and they come to class and they'd all be talking about, you know, Pokemon or whatever it was. And now everybody watches their own favorite YouTube channel. Yes. And it's the siloing of, of reality. So Yeah, like what we do is, when we work with games, for example, one of the interesting things is like, as people play through games, it's basically the same thing. You can have a million people go through a game and it's, it's some differences, but you're largely gonna hit the same points. And so one of the things that we think about is, you know, what does that mean for agency? So, you know, the way we interact with media changes the way that we feel agency in the world. So if we see inert media that we can't change, it also gives you the sense that like, you can't change the world.


And so, to your point, one of the things that we do with, we want to do with games is how do you make it so that each person can actually influence that outcome? And as you add more agents into that, that you see, okay, I interact with this one and it has a cascade effect. Yes. Right? And that's like, I, I love it. I mean, even in some of the stuff we've done here, it's the magic actually happens when you do have those agents interacting. Because then you're also not just seeing like that one-to-one interaction, but the emergent effect of basically that interaction. And, and another thing is, if your main controls that you have in a computer is like point and click or, you know, into games jump and shoot, we're trying to see like, what does it mean if social skills like interaction, like this are the ways that you actually interact with the games or technology and the agents.


Like that's, that's a very different way of conversing of dialogue than like button presses. Right. And I think that changes the way that you sense agents in the world. Because I think the way that most people change the world is by speaking, interacting, interacting with other humans, not by pressing buttons. I mean, arguably it's the case in some world. Yeah. You know, I don't, the other thing that's interesting to me is I don't think people have an understanding of the systems they exist in. Mm. Right. People think about themselves as existing in like individual relationships. Yeah. And they have a harder time understanding system effects. Like, I affect you, which affects your partner, which affects your partner's parents. Right? Yes. That, that is a harder thing Yes. To grasp. But I think there's something that's fundamentally human about that.


Like, you are also impacted by all these different things going on. Like, we had the person come and put on our makeup and now I'm looking beautiful and it's affecting everybody else around me. Slowly, slowly. But you know what I mean. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So, but I don't, I mean, how do you, how does that fit in? I just haven't heard people talk about it in that way, which is surprising to me. 'cause that Yeah. I think is what fundamentally makes humans human is interaction and complex social Situations. And these like nested systems. Yeah. Yeah. And like they all affect each other, right? Like you Yeah. You think that your like small activity doesn't affect whatever higher level political stuff, but it's all aggregate. Yes. And it's all interlinking as well. Yeah. I mean it's, it's like the, the AI thing is interesting too.


'cause I often hear people talk about it as like this evolution, right? You have like, you know, singular cells to monkeys, to humans, to ai where it's like, you could flip it, right? Where it's like more like, you know, cells to organs to human, to ai. It's a system overarching that just because it's trained on us and we do these things, it, we actually influence that system. Then it's kind of this, now that people are interacting with it, it has this interplay. Yes. And I, and that's interesting too when it becomes like, you know, AI isn't this like singular entity, it is more of an institution or a system almost. Yeah. That is kind of overarching everything else. Yeah. And It's also weird because it's like our vision of who we are. So we talk about A-J-I-A-G-I, it's like, I don't, we don't even know what intelligence is. And we, we think we're gonna produce something that, that has it, it's just an interesting situation where we talk about it, as you said, it's natural evolution.


But in fact, we are creating it and it's not clear that we, we know exactly what it is we're creating. No, I I actually think that one of the most interesting things is that we're, we're starting to work on AI at a point where like, I still think we're figuring out, you know, ourselves, like, you know, neuroscience is like very early on in its days, and yet we're creating things that are like, based on our own intelligence. We don't really understand even what's going on inside. And so to your point on like, what are the effects, we don't really know yet. You know, we don't, we don't know. We're every, you know, every year a new paper comes out as like changes how people think about child rearing, right? Yeah. Like how, how, how to bring up a child. Well, like all those kinds of things. And now we're creating systems that will, you know, kind of be overarching other humans.


Like Who does that mean? I don't know. I do actually think, you know, I happen to be in ai, we happen to be at this point in time. Yeah. But if we could pause for a second, I think it would be a good another few centuries of figuring out, you know, what we are and understanding that a little bit better before we created something that was in our image. Because like, we're kind of just, you know, it's, it's kinda like taking a photograph and like painting it, right? It's like you're not actually getting the person and painting it. Right. Like, it's like there's something about the life that's missing there. So I do agree. I think That, I think that we're honestly kind of premature, but I, I think it's just how, I guess, you know, life goes that things come up when they naturally should. So It, I mean, you work in ai so what, what do you, what's the most exciting thing for you and ai?


Like, what's your hope for it? I think it's, I think it's kind of back to that agency question. So, I mean, the way we, you know, you read a news story, you read a book. Yeah. You watch a movie, you watch a TV show. There's, there's this, I mean, this is specifically like my domain. Like there's something about a communication that we're having right now where like I'm adapting to conver like the things that you say to your body language, to all those kinds of things, right? To like, you know, the people in the room. We have all these kinds things. And so when you have AI able to sort of help that adaptation so that you have that agency and the things that you interact with, and I don't necessarily believe in like, fully personalized media because I think we need like a shared social context. Yeah. Like we reason watch a movie.


'cause then we can all talk about it, right? We watch TV show, we can all talk about it. But there is something about the fact that we're all interacting with these internet objects. And so, you know, the way that technology feels, you wa you're on a screen, it doesn't change. You're in a movie, it doesn't change. You're on, you know, watching Netflix. It doesn't change depending on what you do. And I think that changes the way that we see our own agency in the world. And so I, I hope with AI that one of the things that it does is kind of opens this door to like agency in the way that we interact with media and technology in general, such that we do notice that effect that we have on systems. Because even if it's small, right? Where like I take a certain action and it completely changes, you know, an app or it changes an experience, maybe that, that helps us learn that we have an effect in the social systems as well that we're affecting.


So something to that effect. So you wanted to make our agency more transparent. Yeah. And and do you think it does that? 'cause right now I'm not sure it doesn't obfuscate our agency. No, I don't, I don't necessarily, no. Yeah. I, I, I agree. I mean, this is why I think also like media and games is, you know, the domain I mainly focus on. Yeah. And I think it's interesting, especially 'cause young people use it a lot. And so, like I've heard like very veteran game developers say, you know, how people interact with games kind of trains kids how they should interact with the world. So even people who tend to like be professional players in different games have different like psychological profiles because they bias towards certain ways of interacting and like seeing the world the same way as, I guess If you trained in certain something academic, right?


You have a different way of viewing it. And so if we make games and media in a way that you feel that sort of social impact as well, maybe, maybe it opens the door to like another realm of understanding. But yeah, I, I agree that like a lot of the systems that we have today give you maybe a false sense also of agency where, like we were talking about the AI systems where, you know, you actually feel like you're controlling this thing, whereas maybe it's also biasing, you know, and controlling every, you know, having some influence over you as well. So where do you think things are going? So there's obviously a huge race among some very, very well-resourced organizations over ai, right? Where you, you know, Microsoft, Google, I mean, are the biggest maybe, but, and they are very quickly going to need to monetize it.


'cause this is what those, those companies are designed to do. Like what do you foresee? Yeah, because I just, I, I look at social media as an example. I think at the time when it first came out, people were really excited as a new way to connect with people, the way to stay connected to people. You know, you can't, you couldn't otherwise catch up with people, you lost contact with that sort of thing. And it changed them to something else, in large part because of the way it was monetized that argue, like going to ads, focusing attention. Like what, what's the, what's the trajectory of ai? I, I can't, like, you know, I'm, I'm taking guesses we're all taking Yeah, of course.


We're all taking we both of Course. Yeah. I won't hold it to you. I won't hold to It. Don't worry. I mean, I think that the reality is, we were kind of mentioning before about the challenges of scale. And when you invest tens of billions of dollars in something, you need scale. And I think that's one of like the, the way that AI is developed and specifically even the models that were types of models, we're using the economic model of it, which is effectively the more compute you have, the better models you can create, the better models you can create, the more usage you get, the more usage you get better. So it has somewhat of a honest, honestly, like monopolistic tendency, I think in the way that actually even like the architectures and the economy of it works. And so I think it's almost inevitable that whatever AI systems are produced by these organizations will be pushed to scale as quickly as possible.


And there's maybe a, there's, there's some pluses in that where like, you know, sure they're building in feedback loops. People can give their input, it biases it, but also at the same time, what does it mean when a single model is fit to a billion people? Right? So like, that's kind of what I meant about the converging effect, where like, what happens when we are pushed to produce something that fits to a like billion people is there's a lot of diversity in there. And so, you know, we create these scaled systems that are fitting with the whole, like trying to fit the whole planet. Like, does that work? And so I think what will, you know, we're, we're gonna go through this phase, we're like, yeah, you're gonna have a billion people interacting the same ai. And I don't know what the effect of that will be. And I also don't know, even like the monetization models now are kind of new pay to like, pay to use these kinds of things, which are, are maybe okay, but certainly ads will probably enter the equation.


Also what happens when, like, you want attention and you can, you AI is much better at than the algorithms you even have on YouTube and Instagram. And you can start to capture that attention. And so I certainly think it's gonna be an interesting little bit here now as we see these huge organizations spending tens of billions of dollars and the choices that they make to then monetize that and what that means for like how AI per proliferates, which is not, you know, a lot of these, I know a lot of the folks in the organizations and their, their interests have never been in that domain. But at the same time, you're beholden, you know, stock market interest and whatever it is, then what happens? Like, it, it shifts it, right? We're in this, we're in a capitalist world and that's, that's kind of like, you know what ultimately will change the incentives.


So yeah, it's interesting. Yeah. I mean I, I am interested in, you know, coming from your background, you have a very different stance on it. But, you know, it's all this AI stuff is interesting. But, you know, when you think, you know, it's almost your first question, you know, what makes us human and like as people, just technology in general and specifically with ai, like where can people find like the meaning in their life, the values that they, you know, find true? Like, and how will that change, do you think, I guess with like the advent of these new technologies or how do you even have it, see, have, have you, how have you seen it change with the technologies that we've already seen come to life? Yeah. I don't, you know, this is gonna sound like a funny answer. I think people are too worked up about technology personally.


I mean, you know, we had this conversation, I think, you know, we've, people have been using technology since we've been human, right? So paper was a huge invention. Talked about this, the printing press, huge invention, computer, huge invention. Internet, huge invention, ai great. Another huge invention. And through all of that, I think what you see in a lot of the biggest technologies is the desire to connect with other human beings. I think what fundamentally makes us human is our connection to other human beings. Our ability to engage with other human beings and like consciousness and all these other things, I think are necessary preconditions, but really what makes us human is connections with other humans. And that is incredibly complex.


Yeah. And I don't think we're close in terms of technology of replicating that. I, I don't, I mean, even what you described it, it's like you, you have this feeling of like, this isn't right. This is off. Like we, and even If, you felt like it was right. It still would be off in ways you didn't quite get. I don't think we're close though, because it's designed to pull our attention away from other things. I think it impedes our ability to do what we all kind of wanna do. Yeah. Which is interact with Each other. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Right. And it might change the way we interact with each other in a way that, that might feel less fulfilling.


And I think you see some of that and, and, and social interactions now, some of that, I mean, recently maybe covid was a, was an issue, but, you know, people feeling less comfortable in face-to-face interactions, right? Like people dating, there's no serendipity in in hanging out and you meet or you meet. It's like you're using an algorithm to try to present to you options. Like that's a very different world. So even that's prior to ai and I don't know what, how AI is gonna further influence that. And I guess just even like the general point, like how core do you think the the need for connection is? In the sense that, you know, I've, I've heard some parents say that like, through covid, their kids went through like a danger change.


Yeah. Like, you know, these regressions and they're, you know, they're different, different habits and these kinds of things because they weren't connecting with people. And that it's taken years to overcome that. So I do also wonder like, you know, whether it's through technology or things like covid or just like circumstances, could we lose that need for connection or that even desire, even if we need it, you know, there we might lose the desire for it and feel, you know, emotional trauma as a result, but still not go for it. Like how, how core do you think it is and do you think it's, do you think we're safe in that, in that kind of need? So I'm gonna give you the most extreme answer, which is I think the, the true one. Okay. That you will cease to be human If. you don't have a need for human connection. Hmm.


Like, I think you, you will be a, a physical person, but you, you will literally break down as a human being. And this is why I'm part social is isolation. Yeah. Or solitary confinement is considered inhumane. Yeah. 'cause people literally break down, you'll start to have hallucinations. You, you, you will break down mentally and physically absent human connection. So I don't think there's any, there's no possibility in my mind of losing the need. Like, you may get less than you need. Yeah. And that will have negative consequences for you. But I'm not worried about people not wanting to be around people. Are you worried that like things like social media or AI or any of these things could give you that sense that you're fulfilling that need, but not actually fulfilling it?


You know, you said like, it's totally true, right? Solitary confinement is a great example. Yeah. Because you, you, you, we need it. We absolutely like lose our, our sanity as well as, you know, our wellbeing. But maybe we can maybe, you know, technology can manufacture the sense that we're fulfilling it. And then over time we see, you know, these mental health crises evolve as a result. Yeah. That's a good question. I don't have a, I don't, I think it's unlikely, but I don't know, honestly, I don't know. I think I'll give you, I mean, I'll talk about meaning for a second. And I think of that is fundamentally tied to our need for connection to other people. I think sometimes we confuse, for example, our need for meaning with a desire for personal achievement that we chase personal achievement.


And what we're trying to do is generate meaning. So I think we can be confused and we can have those needs displaced into less productive routes. But I don't, I don't think it's going away, but, you know, I don't know that it's the healthiest. Yeah. No, I, I'm totally aligned. Yeah. Well, thank you Brian. That was an awesome conversation. That was great. Talks Odoo, you. It was super fun. That was really fantastic and super informative. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMG. Yes. Solo with your partner or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI show where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge. So remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


You are listening to a conversation between AI technologist Kylen Gibbs and Social psychologist Brian S Lowery. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com's slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.