
Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms and other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley, Smith Barney, LLC Member Sip E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


They say opposites attract. That's why the Sleep Number Smart Bed is the best bed for couples. You can each choose what's right for you whenever you like. You like a bed that feels firm, but they want soft Sleep Number does that. You want to sleep cooler while they like to feel warm. Sleep Number does that too. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart Bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side. Sleep Number, smart Beds start at $999. Prices higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number Store near you. See store or sleep number.com for details.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Terms supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. The term DEI is probably more contentious than ever right now, but it's worth reminding ourselves, what do we actually mean when we say DEI? Workplace inclusion expert Y Von Hutchinson has spent her entire career thinking about the very real world implications of the words diversity, equity, and inclusion. Yon lays out why certain aspects of DEI are more effective than others and why for it to work you've gotta do more than just talk the talk.


Okay, let's do a little exercise. Everybody stand up and line up in the middle of the room. Actually, no, just, just me. Just me. Okay. Step forward. If you went to private school, step back. If you got called a racial slur in elementary school, step forward if your parents graduated from college, step back. If they didn't graduate high school. This is called a privilege walk. It's a popular DEI exercise taught to express the concept of privilege. The people in the front get some revelation about how many advantages they have while the people in the back get to process their trauma. I hate privilege walks just like I hate black squares on Instagram, allyship pins, unconscious bias training because it's performative.


The stuff doesn't work, but it's what sticks in our brains when we talk about D-E-I-D-E-I or diversity. Equity and inclusion refers to the set of tools that organizations use to prevent discrimination, comply with civil rights laws, and create environments more welcoming to people from marginalized backgrounds. I run ready, set one of the country's largest DEI firms, and I started it after working for a toxic organization for years. And I often talk about the academic reasons why I started ReadySet, but in reality, I started it because I was traumatized and I didn't want anyone to go through what I had been through.


Now we're in the middle of A DEI backlash. DEI has been blamed for everything from airplane failures to internet outages to you, you name it. And I often get approached by journalists wanting me to talk about it, but I, I struggle because I'm conflicted. On the one hand, the discrimination that people like me face hasn't gone away. On the other hand, now it's up for the debate. On the one hand, deis has become a political football, but that doesn't mean it's immune from criticism to me. There are two reasons for the backlash. The first of which is that backlash is just a natural consequence to progress.


Reagan era lawsuits were a response to civil rights laws. This is is no different. On the other hand, people and organizations made real mistakes after the Me Too and George Floyd movements, DEI became performative. They used approaches based in emotion rather than data. They tried to solve systemic problems with individual solutions. They failed. And today the world is changing. It affects my team. There's a woman on my team who zooms in from Florida with a breeze in her hair and a smile on her face until two weeks ago when she was evacuated.


We have a contractor who has the most adorable little pug ever who likes to snore on Zoom, and he really loves to share his hacks for working around the power cuts that is experiencing because of the war in Ukraine. 43% of Americans report being more anxious this year than last year. And over the same time period, we've seen an increase in workplace conflict, absenteeism and disengagement. The outside is creeping in and the models, we have no longer work. We don't do privilege walks at my, my job, but we did do an antisemitism training on October 7th because we couldn't work through that day like it was any other.


The night before I got news that my nephew was being deployed, we didn't all agree in that training, but what we did do was try to tackle misinformation, unpack our assumptions, and talk about how we treat each other with compassion and respect. That's what DEI could be the next day. We did a training on anti-Arab racism and Islamophobia. We have tools for elder care and climate emergencies. We have training for how to talk about politics at work. And it's not just for us. Our clients are asking for these things as well. And while I may feel conflicted about giving interviews, I'm not conflicted about what's next.


There's something really exciting about doing something new and new is what we need if we're gonna tackle these problems that face us. You know, I don't think we should be naive either. Discrimination still exists. The culture wars are happening in the office today, and all of the problems I've just described, climate change, political instability, care responsibilities affect people differently depending on the identities that they hold. You know, the one thing I do love about privilege walks, I will say is they always come with a surprise. Like Chad from accounting will tell you, he used to boost cars for fun and then he turned his life around and you're reminded, you never know what people are carrying.


So I wonder what would it look like if we did a privilege walk updated for today? Step back. If you're struggling with chronic illness, step back. If you're juggling elder care and childcare, step back. If your life has been disrupted by a once in a 200 year weather event, step back if you've been asked to work through it. Thank you. That was Y Von Hutchinson at TED Next in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines.


And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Hey folks, it's Mark Marin from WTF. It's spring, a time of renewal, of rebirth, of reintroducing yourself to your fitness goals, and Peloton has what you need to get started. You can take a variety of on demand and live classes that last anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour. There are thousands of Peloton members whose lives were changed by taking charge of their fitness routines. Now you can be one of them. Spring into action right now. Find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


If you wear glasses, you know how hard it is to find the perfect pair, but step into a Warby Parker store and you'll see it doesn't have to be. Not only will you find a great selection of frames, you'll also meet helpful advisors and friendly optometrists. Yep. Many Warby Parker locations also offer eye exams. So the next time you need glasses, sunglasses, contact lenses, or a new prescription, you know where to look. To find a Warby Parker store near you, or to book an eye exam, head over to Warby Parker dot com slash retail.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDIC.