
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every free day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Climate change is affecting all of us in profound ways all over the world, and yet only a tiny percentage of voters who turn out to vote consider it a top priority at the Polls In, his 2024 talk Environmental voter project founder Nathaniel Stinnett presses the case for Climate concerned Americans to actually show up at the polls and the kind of significant impact higher turnout could make that's coming up after the break.


Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Thanks. Capital One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC.


TED Talks. Daily is sponsored by adt. ADT knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second, you feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on AD T. Visit adt.com today.


Support for this show comes from HelloFresh. With HelloFresh, you get farm fresh, pre-portioned ingredients, and seasonal recipes delivered right to your doorstep. It makes planning dinner and preparing a meal for my family a breeze. I can skip trips to the grocery store where I'm wasteful and I'm wasteful of time, and instead I can just count on HelloFresh to make home cooking easy, fun, affordable, and something I actually want to do as a busy mom of three. I need to save time. I need to be really efficient about dinner. And so when HelloFresh sends me the ingredients I need in exact amounts that I need them and makes it super easy for me to follow the instructions and make a delicious healthy meal for my family, I'm always so satisfied. For free Breakfast for Life, you can go to hellofresh.com/free TTD one free breakfast item per box while your subscription is active. That's Free Breakfast for Life just by going to hellofresh.com/free. TTD HelloFresh America's number one meal kit.


And now our TED Talk of the day. I've worked in politics for over 20 years and one of the biggest barriers we face when addressing the climate crisis is a lack of political will to enact all the climate solutions that we already have, whether it's energy permitting, pollution regulation, tax codes, building codes, you name it. The reason so little is getting done is often because it's easier to win elections by ignoring the climate crisis rather than addressing it in the United States. And that's my focus today. Much of this is due to political spending by fossil fuel companies and other special interests.


And currently there just aren't enough climate voters in the United States to overcome that spending and get politicians to do what science tells us is necessary. I believe, however, that we can overcome this problem and we can dramatically increase the number of climate voters and that we can do so without having to convince millions of people to start caring about climate change. In fact, we may not even have to talk about climate at all. The problem is this, we don't have enough climate voters in the United States, and that's largely because millions of environmentalists don't bother to vote.


For instance, in the state of Georgia, 66% of registered voters voted in the 2020 presidential election. But according to voter models, only 58% of climate voters voted. That's an 8% under vote from people who care about climate change in a state where the election was only decided by 0.2 percentage points. Another example in Pennsylvania and Nevada, two crucially important swing states, people who skipped the last midterm election were twice as likely to list climate as a top priority as people who said they were gonna vote in that election.


In short, the climate movement isn't voting, and this has a real impact on the electorate. When we look back at exit polling data from the 2020 presidential election, ultimately only 4% of voters listed climate change as their top priority. 22 midterm polls showed the same thing, 4%. And when so few voters prioritize climate change, two really important things start happening. First, it becomes incredibly hard to elect climate leaders. But second, even when climate leaders do win elections, it isn't like they can then just snap their fingers and get everything they want done.


No, they still need to pick and choose what to spend their political capital on, and they ain't gonna spend it on the thing that only 4% of voters list as a top priority. And here's the final reason why this, this lack of voter demand for climate leadership is so problematic. Politicians know whether you vote or not. That's right, who you vote for is secret. But whether you vote or not in the United States, that's public record. And with limited time and limited money, the most important decision any political campaign makes is who to Talks, Odoo and who to ignore.


And when you literally have public voter files that tell you by name and street address, which people have a history of voting in the election you're trying to win. Well, who do you think political campaigns, Talks? Odoo likely voters, and who do you think they poll to figure out what issues to prioritize likely voters and the non-voters? Well, they get ignored. And I know that sounds cynical, but let's be honest, does Starbucks care about people who don't drink coffee? No.


Does Toyota market cars to little kids who aren't old enough to drive? No companies market their products to people who are likely to buy them, and politicians market themselves to people who are likely to vote, and they literally know who those voters are by name and street address because it is public record. Alright, so why is this relevant to the climate movement? Because remember, when we look at the people who are voting, very few of them list climate as their top priority. But when we look at the non-voters, the people who campaigns typically ignore, well, it turns out that millions of them do care deeply about climate change.


In fact, at the Environmental Voter project, the nonprofit I founded, we estimate that as many as 8 million climate concerned Americans skipped the 2020 presidential election, 8 million in an election where the electoral college was decided by just 44,000 voters in three states. In short, the climate movement isn't voting, and this is having a significant impact.


And now back to the episode, We don't have a political persuasion problem. We have a voter turnout problem. And as frustrating as that is, I'd like to suggest to you that it's also an enormous opportunity because we live at a moment in time where it's become almost impossible to change people's opinions about anything, but especially climate change. Yet these millions of non-voting environmentalists, they don't need their opinions changed, they just need their behavior nudged. So they start voting.


And I won't claim that's easy. Of course, it's not easy, but it is easier, and it is also testable because the existence of public voter files means that you can run messaging experiments and then after the election, look up and see which ones actually got environmentalists to start voting. And so that's the focus of our work at the Environmental Voter Project, we focus on identifying millions of non-voting environmentalists and then using non-partisan messaging to turn them into new voters and eventually consistent voters.


It's a three step process. First, we need to find these non-voting environmentalists. Now, obviously, we can't interview every single American, but we can poll huge numbers of people, isolate the ones who list climate as their top priority, and then build highly accurate models to find other people like them. Step two, we need to get 'em to start voting. And to do that, behavioral science tells us the best way to get an environmentalist to vote is not to talk about climate change. In fact, we shouldn't even try to convince them of the importance of voting.


Instead, we should treat them as social animals who are trying to fit into societal norms rather than as rational animals who need to be convinced of the value of their one vote. And so we use techniques like fomo, fear of missing out, telling environmentalists that each year more and more of their peers are voting. So don't be left behind or we'll knock on their door, ask if they intend to vote. Most people will be embarrassed and they'll say yes, and then we'll follow up with them right before the election reminds them of that pledge and equate the act of voting with whether they're an honest person who keeps their promises or not.


We will even mail people copies of their personal voting histories. Really? Yeah, pretty aggressive, huh? Well, so is the climate crisis and this stuff works. These norm based messages and other strategies have increased turnout among our target voters by as much as 1.8 percentage points in general elections, 3.6 percentage points in primaries and 5.7 percentage points in local elections. And those are huge numbers in this business. I mean, one or 2% is everything in politics.


And the final step is to build long-term voting habits. And to do that, you can't just Talks Odoo these environmentalists once every two years when there's a big federal election going on. No, we are active in over 250 elections each year, federal, state, and local because yes, voting can become habitual. And remember those public voter files, well, they're not static. Once we get an environmentalist to vote, it almost immediately becomes public record. And then dozens of campaigns race to start talking to that environmentalist because they're now a voter and they start getting polled too to figure out what issues they care about.


Ultimately, this is how we build an unstoppable block of climate voters that can move policymaking across the political spectrum. Because even in this hyper-partisan time, there is still one thing that unites all Democrats and Republicans, and that is, boy, do they all like winning elections. I mean nothing. Nothing motivates a politician more than the prospect of winning or losing an election. So they always go where the voters are. It's just the brutal arithmetic of how democracy works.


Either you go where the votes are, or you don't get to be a politician. So now it's incumbent upon us and the climate movement to build this unstoppable block of climate voters, and it's increasingly clear that we can do so without having to convince millions of people to change their minds about climate change. In fact, we may not even need to talk about climate at all. Thank you.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch OMGS solo with your partner or discuss it with friends like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I speak with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode. Now, the path from Gen AI pilots to real world deployments is often filled with roadblocks, such as barriers to free data flow. But what if I told you there's a way to deploy AI wherever your data lives? With Watson X, you can deploy AI models across any environment above the clouds, helping pilots navigate flights and on lots of clouds, helping employees automate tasks on-prem so designers can access proprietary data and on the edge, so remote bank tellers can assist customers. Watson X helps you deploy AI wherever you need it, so you can take your business wherever it needs to go. Learn more at ibm.com/watsonx and start infusing intelligence where you need it the most.


That was Nathaniel Stinnett speaking at Ted's Countdown, Bloomberg Green Festival in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Stefanos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Tabner, Daniela Bazo and Will Hennessy. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.