
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. I'm one of those people who doesn't like seeing photos of myself, and it's also hard for me to hear my recorded voice, even given what I do for a living. It turns out I'm not alone. In her 2024 talk portrait photographer, Teri Hofford unpacks, why we cringe when we see photos of ourselves and how to overcome that cringe factor to better appreciate those moments captured on camera after the break.


Support for the show comes from remarkable, and I'm really excited to Talks Odoo you about my remarkable Paper Pro. It's the latest and greatest paper tablet. It's a digital notebook, but it's designed to let you write by hand onto the notebook. It'll help you take better notes because it has a paper-like feel. And then there's digital tools that you wouldn't find in a paper notebook like you can copy and paste and you can move and skill and you can turn your handwriting into type text. So I love being at like a TED conference, for example, and taking notes in My Remarkable, which is just one tablet that I can take around everywhere through all the sessions of TED. Remarkable has created a tablet that truly captures the feel of writing on paper, but then pairs it with these really useful digital tools and no distractions. Remarkable is a really thoughtful gift for the thinker, notetaker, or knowledge worker. You know, or maybe that sounds like you, in which case it's time to treat yourself. Beat the holiday rush and get your paper tablet@remarkable.com today.


Dear Toyota, I need a word with you about your Crown family. I started driving one and suddenly I love traffic. No, really rush hour is my happy place. Intentional, wrong turns, feel so right. I could sit in the comfort of my crown forever basking in its elegance feeling on top of the world. But you see how this is strange for me, right? Who gets excited about traffic? This is on you Toyota, and send The captivating Toyota Crown Family Toyota. Let's go places.


Support for the show comes from Mint Mobile. You know when you discover a new show that you're binging or a song that you are playing on repeat and you can't wait to tell your friends about it? Well, that's kind of what it feels like when you discover that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan. I am telling y'all about this in this ad, but I'm also actually telling my friends about it in real life because it is such an awesome deal and there's no way I can keep it to myself. I actually do talk about this plan and recommend it to other people. All plans come with high speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. I used my own unlocked old phone with a new Mint mobile plan and I was able to port my phone number along with all my existing contacts onto the device. I ditched overpriced wireless with MIT mobile steel, and I got three months of premium wireless service for 15 bucks a month. So to get this new customer offer and get your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mit mobile.com/talks. That's MIT mobile.com/talks. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month@mintmobile.com slash talks. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions apply. See Mint mobile for details.


And now our TED talk of the day. Hands up if you've said, I hate having my photo taken or I'm just not photogenic, or I look bad in photos. All right, now standardly, my usual response would be that you just haven't had me as your photographer yet, but today I wanna let you know that you are not alone. As a boudoir and portrait photographer for the past 10 years, I've had the immense privilege of photographing thousands of humans and thus thousands of bodies, and they've all said something similar before their photo shoots.


And this got me thinking, if everybody thinks they look bad in photos regardless of their size, shape, age, gender, then maybe it has nothing to do with photos at all. So I started to collect some data on the images that people struggle with the most, and I was able to come up with a handful of reasons why people think they look bad in photos. And I'm gonna share five of those with you today. Now, have you ever heard your voice on a recording or on tape as we used to say back in the day, right? The same thing that makes you cringe when you hear your voice on a recording is the same thing that makes you cringe When you see yourself in a photograph.


Essentially, your brain is being presented with a reality different to the reality. It has come to know the most reason, number one, why you look bad in photos is that you've been looking at a reflection of yourself your whole life, whether that's looking in the mirror as you brush your teeth in the morning, checking yourself out in the shop window when you walk by or plucking that rogue chin hair in the rear view mirror of your car, the ladies know what I'm talking about. Your brain gets a pretty clear idea of what you look like when you see a photograph of yourself. However you're seeing the reverse or the flip of that, and it can be a little uncomfortable.


But uncomfortable doesn't mean bad, it just means that it's different than what we expected because the majority of us are not symmetrical in our facial attributes. Just a few weeks ago, I had a client that I showed this beautiful portrait to and immediately she said, oh my God, I look just like my uncle. So I explained to her what I just explained to you, and I asked her, would it be okay for me to flip the photo so you can see what I'm talking about? As soon as I flipped the photo, you could see your whole body relaxed, her face relaxed, and she said, oh yeah, that definitely looks more like me.


To which I responded, that's also probably what your uncle sees when he looks in the mirror contrary to what you want to do when you think you look bad in a photo. The way to overcome this is to actually look at yourself in photos more because this helps your brain understand that both realities are true. Now, the second reason Why, you think you look bad in photos is that you may not resonate with how you're being portrayed. For example, those of us that are socialized as women, we learned pretty early on that our value and confidence is found in our appearance and ultimately our sex appeal.


So I figured as a boudoir photographer, I would help women find their confidence through sexy photos. And it worked for many, but it didn't take me long to realize that not everyone feels confident the same way, and not everyone wants to feel sexy at all. Imagine my surprise when I realized I was asexual, meaning I find sex to be kind of boring and like doing the dishes. I would never find my confidence in photos where I'm looking sexy. Sure, I can understand that these photos are technically beautiful, but I don't see myself in them, so they're uncomfortable because it feels like I'm playing.


Pretend. Once I was able to lean into my identity, however, I was able to start to ask for and create photos that resonated with how I wanted to be seen and more importantly how I wanted to feel. This allowed me to relearn what I look like when I'm confident. So the next time you find yourself thinking you look bad in photos, I want you to get curious and ask yourself the question, what specifically am I struggling to accept about this image and does it have anything to do with how I'm being portrayed? If? you can switch from judgment to curiosity. Not only are you going to release the shame of looking bad in photos, but you're going to be able to explore your photos and ultimately yourself from a new perspective.


So by now, you can probably start to see that looking bad in photos has less to do with how you look and more to do with how you think. And reason number three is no different, and this is that you've taught yourself to hyper fixate on your insecurities. Anytime a client would come in and tell me she hated her stomach or didn't like her arms or her chin, I could predict which photos she would struggle with the most. Whenever you look at photos of yourself, you might find yourself hyper focusing on whatever your current insecurity is. We all do this even as body image educators.


A few years ago, I was returning home from a trip to Vegas with my creative friends, and I was scrolling through the photos when one photo just stopped me in my tracks. All I saw was my stomach. Suddenly, everything that I had heard about what it means to be a woman with a stomach came rising up to the surface. Some of the most negative things I hadn't heard in a really long time were just telling me this was horrible. In fact, I almost deleted the image. However, because of the work that I do and have done as a body image educator, I was able to collect myself and realizing what I was doing.


I took a deep breath, centered myself, and once again, got curious, realizing that my brain just needed me to help fill in the context. I asked questions like, who was I with? What was I doing? And more importantly, how did I feel the moment this photo was taken? Suddenly I could see the photo for what it was. This absolutely beautiful memory of myself and my friends hanging out in the desert. Dr. Wayne Dyer has said that when we change the way we look at things, the things we look at change, this applies to our photos, but also our bodies.


When you find yourself hyper-focusing on whatever your insecurity is in your photo, it may look bigger or smaller, good or bad, because at the end of the day, I don't actually know how you see yourself, but what I do know is that whatever you tell yourself you're going to see will be exactly what you do So. if you tell yourself, oh, I'm gonna look bad in this photo. Yeah, you probably will no matter how good the photo actually is. And now back to the episode. Now, all of the reasons why we look bad in photos have to do with reason number four, and this is that we've put some pretty unrealistic expectations on photography and our bodies.


One of my favorite quotes comes from John C. Maxwell who says that disappointment is the gap that exists between expectation and reality. And if you've ever done any traveling, you know this to be true. But the thing is, bodies and photography don't care about beauty standards, but we expect them to. Bodies are just biological organisms responding to a series of inputs, outputs, and genetics. Their whole job is to basically get you from point A to point B, keep you alive as long as possible, and they don't care what you look like doing it. Photography, on the other hand, was created to simply document a moment in time.


But somewhere along the way we determined that every single photo of us has to be absolutely amazing. But the truth is, photography's only job is to capture a fraction of a second. Like I'm talking one eight thousandths of a second, guys. But we've made these fractions of a second create some really big narratives like I look bad in photos that prevent us from showing up and being present in our lives. So today, I wanna reassure you that sometimes a fraction of a second is just a fraction of a second. Sometimes a body's just be in a body. As a self-portrait artist, I've seen my body in a lot of different seconds and in a lot of different ways.


And sometimes I look like this. You can laugh, it's okay. And in other times, I look like this. But the thing is, they're just different photos of me. They're not good or bad or right or wrong, they're just different documentations. I've just been taught that one series of these images should make me feel less confident simply because it does not live up to the expectation of what makes a photo or body good. Now that brings us to our last and final point. Read number five. As you can see from these photos, we have unlimited angles. Yet, somewhere along the way we've decided that certain angles are better than others.


And for this one, I actually need some audience participation. So, if you do have your phone with you, pull it out. Pull out your phones. You can turn it on. All right, we're gonna open the camera and I'm gonna get you to take a selfie. So we got some good studio lights. I do. Anyways, anyways, find your angle. Look good. Beautiful If, you came with someone. Feel free to be in the photo together. You're documenting a moment in time. Beautiful. Once you're done with your selfie, don't put your phone away 'cause we're gonna do a second photo. This time you're gonna take your phone and put it right to your chest and you're gonna look down.


We're still smiling 'cause we're having a good time down here, not out here, over here. And we're smiling. Beautiful. You look amazing. Now, between picture one and picture two, if we're being radically honest, which picture do we like the most? One. Between picture one and picture two. If, you had to post one to your social media today. Which one are you realistically choosing? One. Now, between picture one and picture two, did all of your accomplishments and achievements disappear?


No. No. Between picture one and picture two, did all of your love, passion, creativity, and brilliance just vanish? No. No, no. And between picture one and picture two, what angle do you think your babies, your children, your grandchildren, and your pets see you at the most? And do they love you any less because you have a double chand or shadows under your eyes? No. The truth is nobody that loves us unconditionally actually cares. All angles of you are worthy of being photographed simply because you are worthy of being photographed.


Beauty standards have done such a good job of conditioning us to believe that there is a right and wrong way to have a body. So it's no wonder we put all this pressure on how we're gonna show up in photographs, but this pressure is preventing a lot of us from showing up in photographs with and for the people we love the most. This past weekend was the 17th anniversary of my dad's passing, and when I look at photos, do you think I see his double chin or his receding hairline or wrinkles or whatever his insecurity was? No. I see my dad being my dad.


Your people just wanna see you being you. So I want this to encourage you to take all the photos of all the moments and just recognize that they're simply different documentations of this one wild, magic, amazing life of yours. And maybe just maybe you don't actually look bad in photos. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote Explorer. To compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Teri Hofford at TEDx Winnipeg in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do.


But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.