
Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder navigating your first audit or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per yearend benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's vata.com/ TED audio for $1,000 off


If you are a parent or share a fridge with someone, Instacart is about to make grocery shopping so much easier because with family carts you can share a cart with your partner and each ad the items you want since between the two of you. Odds are you'll both remember everything you need and this way you'll never have to eat milk List cereal again. So minimize the stress of the weekly shop with family carts. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants,


better help online therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now wherever you are to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders. Take a deep breath in and out. Feels better, right? That's 15 seconds of self-care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today's talk is a TED Fellows film adapted for podcasts. Just for our TED Talks Daily listeners, Ted's Fellowship supports a network of global innovators and we're so excited to share their work with you today. We'd like you to meet climate journalists. Peter Schwartzstein. The climate crisis is fueling violence and empowering terrorists and oppressive leaders across the globe. Peter has been reporting on this frontier and connecting the dots between rising temperatures and rising violence.


When in late 2013, ISIS recruiters first targeted the thar area of central Iraq. They arrived with a grimly effective plan in hand. They went for some of the most drought battered villagers conscious of how hard they would find it to resist the cash. They made some of the most forceful pitches to those whose small fields looked extra pitiful after consecutive years of weak rains in the fierce of heat, aware of the depth of distrust of government. After so many years of conflict, recruiters even got adept at casting these conditions as a product of state action. That drought, one villager remembered an ISIS member telling him that it was 'cause of government scientists manipulation of the weather, just another eviscerating middle finger from authorities out to get them.


ISIS varied its tactics elsewhere in Iraq, in Syria, sometimes they prayed on the most shabby dressed men at livestock markets. On other occasions, they doled out gifts of food and cash just as harvest failed. However, in focusing on farming communities, they were brutally consistent. The more water deprived the village, the more they visited it, the poorer the farmers, the more relentless their pressure. As I ultimately concluded, after years of groundwork, ideas might have jumpstarted the group, but it was climate related disorder that padd its ranks and helped turn it into the thousand strong force soon fielded. I've spent more than a decade reporting on the links between climate and conflict and working out of umpteen countries and conflict zones.


I've come to see that there are increasingly few forms of violence that don't have some sort of climate angle. Take piracy in coastal Bangladesh. These pirate crews are making a killing from kidnapping fishermen were sailing in ever greater numbers into their lairs. Many of these fishermen are ex farmers who've lost their lands to rising seas and then felt they had no choice but to seek an alternative. Living out on the water, the dangers be damned. Then there are the clashes between farmers and herders across Africa. Sahel unsurprisingly, nothing good is coming from having more people with rival needs, competing for shrinking resources across a poorly governed landscape that is less and less capable of providing them consistently. Even within Western countries, certain forms of violence appear to be rising in line with temperature.


According to research that colleagues and I are conducting in Greece, the hotter the summer temperatures, the greater the risk of women being attacked. The examples are just coming thicker and faster. Now, no one is claiming that this violence or any other is down to climate change alone. The relationship between the two is as inexact and as dependent on context as the impacts of climate change in general. And it's almost always intermingling with other drivers of instability such as inequality or corruption. But we have a few often generalizable rules. For one, climate change throws fuel on already smoldering fires. If you have pre-existing conflict deep divisions across society and unresponsive institutions, then these stresses are extra reliable to spark violence for another.


Climate change eats away at the supports that we as individuals, communities, and nation states turn to at times of crisis. For example, having lost many of their leading citizens to migration. Many communities now lack the wise old heads needed to keep the peace when tougher times come. Most importantly, climate change can just be a bridge too far proverbial straw that breaks the camel's back for many communities that are already up to their eyeballs with trials of a different nature. It's depressing, isn't it? This is a planet that needs no more violence, and here's the potential for an awful lot more of it. But there is room for optimism. Every bit of stifled warming means fewer people exposed to dangerous, possibly violence, triggering conditions.


Every dollar dedicated to well conceived and effectively implemented. Adaptation means more people with the tools to keep that peace when those tougher times come. Ultimately, if you're not motivated by melting ice caps, I'm sure you'll be motivated by not being shot as faint. A hopeful note as it might initially sound, the grand reality is that most of this remains in our hands. Thank you. That was TED Fellow Peter Schwartzstein. To learn more about the TED Fellows program and watch all of the TED Fellows films, go to fellows dot TED dot com.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Strap in. You are in the race with F1 TV Premium. See what the race director sees with custom view. Watch every jaw dropping moment in live 4K UHD across up to six screens. Uninterrupted experience, ultimate live immersion with F1 TV Premium available on selected devices.


Devices.


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms. Another fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, LLC Member SIP E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.