
Trust isn't just earned, it's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder, navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per yearend benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's vata.com/ TED audio for $1,000 off.


If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, you know prevention is the best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Granger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them. From disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment so you can help deliver a clean bill of health, call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Culture evolves at the speed of light, just like your financial needs when it comes to your money. Credit Karma keeps you in the know and ahead of the game. You can count on Credit Karma to keep up with your financial needs as they evolve. We'll help you monitor your progress and give personalized recommendations so you can make strides towards your goals and find your way to money. Make sure you're on the right track no matter where you are on your financial journey. Intuit, credit, karma, karma you can count on.


You're Listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. When we go to the doctor, they assess our physical health, our vital signs, maybe our cholesterol, making sure we're generally on track. Doctors may also have a certain set of questions to check up on our mental health, but connection connoisseur, Kasley Killam says one key metric is missing in the way our health is understood, and that's our social wellbeing. In her 2024 talk, she explains why connection is so key and how not prioritizing it can cost us.


So a couple years ago, a woman I know who I'll call Maya, went through a lot of big changes in a short amount of time she got married, she and her husband moved for his job to a new city where she didn't know anyone. She started a new role working from home, all while managing her dad's new diagnosis of dementia and to manage the stress of all this change. Maya doubled down on her physical and mental health. She exercised almost every day. She ate healthy foods. She went to therapy once a week and these actions really helped. Her body got stronger, her mind got more resilient, but only up to a point she was still struggling, often losing sleep in the middle of the night, feeling unfocused, unmotivated.


During the day, Maya was doing everything that doctors typically tell us to do, to be physically and mentally healthy, and yet something was missing. What if I told you that what was missing for Maya is also missing for billions of people around the world and that it might be missing for you? What if I told you that not having it undermines our other efforts to be healthy and can even shorten your lifespan? I've been studying this for over a decade, and I've discovered that the traditional way we think about health is incomplete by thinking of our health as primarily physical and mental.


We overlook what I believe is the greatest challenge and the greatest opportunity of our time. Social health, while physical health is about our bodies and mental health is about our minds, social health is about our relationships. And If you haven't heard this term before, that's because it hasn't yet made its way into mainstream vocabulary, yet it is equally important. Maya didn't yet have a sense of community in her new home. She wasn't seeing her family or her friends or her coworkers in person anymore, and she often went weeks only spending quality time with her husband. Her story shows us that we can't be fully healthy.


We can't thrive if we take care of our bodies and our minds, but not our relationships. Similar to Maya, hundreds of millions of people around the world go weeks at a time without talking to a single friend or family member. Globally, one in four people feel lonely and 20% of adults worldwide don't feel like they have anyone they can reach out to for support. Think about that. One in five people you encounter may feel like they have no one. This is more than heartbreaking. It's also a public health crisis.


Disconnection triggers stress in the body. It weakens people's immune systems. It puts them at a risk, greater risk of stroke, heart disease, diabetes, dementia, depression, and early death. Social health is essential for longevity. So you might be wondering, what does it look like to be socially healthy? What does that even mean? Well, it's about developing close relationships with your family, your friends, your partner, yourself. It's about having regular interaction with your coworkers, your neighbors. It's about feeling like you belong to a community. Being socially healthy is about having the right quantity and quality of connection for you.


And Maya's story is one example of how social health challenges come up in my work. I hear many others stories like Jay, a freshman in college who's eager to get involved in campus yet is having a hard time fitting in with people In his dorm and often feels homesick or Serena and Ally. A couple juggling the chaos of young kids with demanding jobs. They rarely have time to see friends or spend time one-on-one. Or Henry recently retired to cherish his time with his spouse and yet feels untethered without his team anymore, and wishes he could see his kids and grandkids more often. These stories show that social health is relevant to each of us at every life stage.


So if you're not sure where to start, try the 5 3 1 guideline from my book. It goes like this. Aim to interact with five different people each week to strengthen at least three close relationships overall and to spend one hour a day connecting. Let's dig into these. So first, interact with five different people each week. Just like eating a variety of vegetables and other food groups is more nutritious. Research has shown that interacting with a variety of people is more rewarding. So your five could include close loved ones, casual acquaintances, even complete strangers. In fact, in one study that I love, people who just smiled, made eye contact and chitchatted with a barista felt happier and a greater sense of belonging than people who just rush to get their coffee and go next, strengthen at least three close relationships.


Okay, we've all heard of a to-do list, but I would like to invite you to write a to love list who matters most to you? Who can you be yourself with? Make sure that you invest in the names of at least three of the people that you write down by scheduling regular time together, by showing a genuine interest in their lives and also by opening up about the experiences that you are going through. And I'm often asked, does it have to be in person? Right? Does texting count studies have shown that face-to-face is ideal? S Odoo that whenever possible, but there are absolutely still benefits to staying connected virtually. And last, spend one hour a day on meaningful connection.


Okay, if you're an introvert right now, you're probably thinking one hour. Sounds like a lot. I get it. It might be surprising, but I'm actually also an introvert. However, keep in mind that just like getting eight hours of sleep at night, the exact amount that's right for you personally might be higher or lower. But If you are thinking that one hour a day sounds like way too much because you're just way too busy, I challenge you. Adults in the US spend an average of four and a half hours each day on their smartphones. So instead of scrolling on social media, text a friend. Instead of reading news headlines, write a thank you card.


Instead of listening to a podcast, call a family member. Maya put this into practice by scheduling recurring hangouts with the new local friend that she made by attending community events and dropping cards off in her neighbor's mailboxes by planning trips to see family and inviting friends in other cities to come visit and bolstering her social health made more of a difference than focusing solely on her physical and mental health Ever could. And I know this because Maya is actually me, I am so passionate about sharing tools to be socially healthy because honestly, I need them to.


And the 5 3 1 guideline is one way that we can be proactive and intentional about our relationships. And that is really the point. Be proactive and intentional about your social health. So zooming out beyond the steps that you and I take individually together, we need to shape a society that thrives through social health over the next decade. I envision educators championing social health in schools and just like kids build their physical muscles in gym class, they'll exercise their social muscles in connection class over the next decade. I see our cities and neighborhoods being designed with social health in mind, where vibrant gathering places, foster unity and community builders are empowered to bring them to life over the next decade.


I believe that social health will become as ingrained in our collective consciousness as mental health is today. Because not that long ago, mental health was a taboo topic, shrouded in stigma, and now public figures talk openly about it. There's an entire industry to support it, support it, and more and more people think of going to therapy, like going to the gym. In this future, loneliness will subside just like smoking subsided when we recognized and treated it as a public health issue. In this future, I hope that social health will become so deeply woven into the fabric of our culture that no one needs the 5 3 1 guideline anymore.


So to get there, make relationships your priority not only for you, but also for the people you love. Because the beauty of nurturing your own social health is that it naturally enriches the social health of everyone you connect with. Thank you. That was Kasley Killam speaking at TED Next in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective.


This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Ryan Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Ah, really? Thanks. Capital One Bank Guy. What's in your wallet? Term supply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One, NA member FDC.


Hey, it's Mark Marin from wtf. Here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance, and I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it. Well choose Progressive's name your price tool, and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com. And now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates. Price and coverage match limited by state law, not available in all states.


Welcome to Peloton where you don't just keep pace with the changes of life you are running rings around them. Whether you need to dig deep or rise above it, we've got your back, your upper body, your whole body, yeah, and even your mind. Take a deep Breath In from home, the gym, or the room without Windows at work. This is a workout you literally can't miss. And believe us with the Peloton Tread bike and all access membership, you won't want to. Whatever change the day brings, bring your best right back@onepeloton.com. Find your push. Find your power, Peloton.