
Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void, void? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry, company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions. Apply


Support for this podcast and the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today@etrade.com terms. Another fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, LLC Member Sip E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


Hey, prime members. Are you tired of ads interfering with your favorite podcasts? Good news. With Amazon Music, you have access to the largest catalog of ad-free top podcasts included with your prime membership. To start listening, download the Amazon music app for free or go to amazon.com/ad free podcasts. That's amazon.com/ad. Free podcasts to catch up on the latest episodes without the ads.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh Pattie Gonia is a climate diva, a drag queen who tries to bring as many people as possible into the environmental movement. In her 2024 talk, she shows us how the creativity and joy of drag can and should combine to chart a sustainable future collaboratively. Hi everybody. My name is Pattie Gonia and I am a drag queen, but I am not the only person here in drag today.


You are in drag too. Yes, you are in TED Drag. Yeah. I see you with your spunky business, casual with your glasses and tote bags that say, I absolutely donate to public radio. Oh my gosh. I even see that some of you are wearing my merch. Yes, Patagonia vests are indeed very TED drag. You can't ask a drag queen to give a TED talk and not roast y'all a little but enough about you. How about me and my drag? Can we get a little commotion for the dress? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.


It is made of upcycled and thrifted shower curtains and pink flamingo pool floaties because life in plastic, it's not fantastic. And climate change is a drag. You see what I did there? But drag is about far more than what we wear to fit in or stand out. Drag holds something more universal and more powerful for all of us because drag is an invitation to build new futures through creativity and diversity. Enjoy. And the combination of these things drag and climate, they seem ridiculous, right?


Well, I fought so too, but then six years ago on a backpacking trip in the middle of my quarter life crisis lost in the forest, I put on a pair of six inch high heel boots and strutted the trails for the first time as Pattie Gonia. Thank you so much. My ankles hurt. But If you would've told me then that six years later I would have a community of more than a million outdoor and climate lovers and I'd be getting thousands of queer people outside every year to connect to this planet, I would've told you that you are crazy.


But here we are. Drag took me in the middle of my flop era and showed me how I could envision a new future and then live into it. And guess what else is going through a flop era and needs to envision a new future and then live into it? Anybody? The earth? Yes, earth girl. You are in your flop era. And the very thing that I think might get earth out of this flop era, the art form of drag. So have I peaked your interest? Would you like to hear and learn what the climate movement might learn from the art form of drag?


Would you? That is the spirit, my nerds. Okay, class. Let's start here. People often think that as drag performers, we are hiding who we are. But babe, the one time I can't hide is when I look like this drag doesn't hide who we are. Drag reveals who we are and drag welcomes our diversity. And more than that drag has given me a community of people that I feel safe enough around to be my whole self. And that is where the magic happens. That's where I can bring my creativity and everything that I am to the table.


Now look, am I suggesting that you put on as much makeup as me? No, you could never. But I am saying that our creativity is critical in this climate dilemma. And I'm also saying that diversity isn't a hindrance to this work. It's the very key to our best solutions. I will never forget right after Patty was born when I met a very famous environmentalist who said to me that I should just leave all the gay stuff and high heels at the door and get to work for climate. Well, thank you so much, sir, because six years later, all that gay stuff and high heels has raised $2.5 million for climate action.


Thank you so much. And y'all, I want to be real with you. There are so many people right now in this climate movement who felt like I did, who don't feel like they can be themselves and therefore are holding back their best ideas. And I want a climate movement rooted in fertile soil that supports all of our growth. And as my mentor, Gonzalez loves to ask, who here has heard the phrase, wow, this team is operating like a well-oiled machine? Anybody? Okay, so all of us. What if instead I said, wow, this group is thriving like a well nurtured meadow.


How different does that feel? Yeah. Ooh. Ah-huh. It's different. Maybe that's because we're not apart from nature. We are nature and we are a meadow, not a machine. And a meadow knows that it's diversity is its strength. Every single piece of the meadow supports the collective whole. Okay, class. We are doing great. Little check-in. Thumbs up in the audience. We feeling good? Okay. If you're ready for a little history lesson or should I say history? Let me hear you say Yes. Mommy. Yes Mommy.


TED, you're being silly today. I like it. Since the birth of the queer rights movement, drag performers and trans people have always been on the forefront of organizing and protesting and community building. When queer people were beaten in their homes, put in jail just for existing. When we had the statistics and the facts on the millions of queer people dying of aids, yet no one was joining our fights, drag performers turned pain into joy. And in doing so, welcomed millions more people to fight with us.


Because the problem in the climate movement isn't just the abundance of carbon, it is the lack of joy. The scientific facts, the doom and gloom. They scare people, they wake them up. But joy is what will get people out of bed every day to take more action. And if there's one thing that I have learned from the art form of drag, it's that you can take fighting for something seriously without taking yourself too seriously. Joy is a serious way to take action. Joy is strategic because joy inspires momentum, and joy is an inside job.


So what can we do to create joy? We can get outside and encourage other people to come outside with us and fall in love with nature. Nature because we fight for what we love. In other words, if you feel dead inside, get the hell outside. We can also connect people in this movement because we all know that silos suck and there is joy and collaboration and so many emails. You're laughing 'cause it's true. And we can also celebrate climate movement.


We have to party because celebrating and acknowledging all the work that we have done will inspire the next steps of action. Joy provides an unbelievable opportunity to make the climate movement irresistible. Do not underestimate the power of joy. We deserve more than doom and gloom because this is the only planet with a Beyonce on it. Facts are facts, TED. So class, at the end of the day, what I am saying, what drag can teach us is that creativity and diversity enjoy our tools to build the best climate movement we can.


And let's not forget that climate change is not a drag. Thank you so much, my Nerds. Thanks guys. That was Patagonia at TED Countdowns dilemma event in Brussels. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar and Tanika SanMar Nivo.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRAINGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That hiring partner is LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod to post your job. For free. Terms and conditions apply


at Schwab. How you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices you can invest and trade on your own. Plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs. With award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.