
Culture evolves at the speed of light. Just like your financial needs when it comes to your money. Credit Karma keeps you in the know and ahead of the game. You can count on Credit Karma to keep up with your financial needs as they evolve. We'll help you monitor your progress and give personalized recommendations so you can make strides towards your goals and find your way to money. Make sure you're on the right track no matter where you are on your financial journey. Intuit, credit, karma, karma, you can count on.


This is a mini meditation guided by Bombas. Repeat after me. I'm comfy. Comfy. I'm cozy. Cozy. I have zero blisters on my toes blisters, and that's 'cause I wear Bombas. The softest socks, underwear and t-shirts that give back. One purchased equals one donated now go to bombas.com/acast and use code acast for 20% off your first purchase. That's BOM bs.com/acast and use code acast at checkout.


Now find island inspired limited time flavors at Whole Foods Market for the Explore the Tropic sales event. Enjoy pre-marinated mains like mango, coconut, salmon, and pineapple teriyaki chicken and pair them with seasoned ready to heat beans from a dozen cousins. Need dinner and a snap grab, zesty lime, shrimp salad, mango, Turkey burgers, and more from prepared foods. And of course there's the mango yuzu Chantilly cake. Explore the tropics and save at Whole Foods market in store and online.


You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Today's talk is from our brand new batch of 2024. TED Fellows films adapted for podcasts. Just for our TED Talks Daily listeners, Ted's Fellowship supports a network of global innovators and we're so excited to share their work with you today. We'd love for you to meet Kemo sensory researcher, Polly Joseph. Whether it's the smell of cinnamon or pine trees or smoke, smell can be so evocative and emotional. Polly Joseph makes the case that our sense of smell can also serve as an early indicator of when something might be wrong. After we hear from Polly, stick around for her conversation with TED Fellows, program director Lily James os.


It's coming up. I love the smell of rain, just the amazing smell when you go outside. It takes me back home to Venezuela. I love the smell of chlorine in the summertime. My kids love swimming, but I love just really spending time with them in the pool. The smell of like crayon. It really takes me back to like kindergarten, the smell of Christmas because it's my birthday. It just, but I love the smell of Christmas. I just think like apple crust, cinnamon pine trees, just combinations. I hate the smell of Thanksgiving. The smell of fresh bake bread always reminds me of my mom and makes me smile.


Smell can actually transport us into so many different dimensions and I just love, love the idea that it does that. I am a chemos sensory scientist and nurse researcher and I study how diseases affect the senses of taste and smell. Our sense of smell is the only sense that is directly linked to our brain's limbic system, which controls memory and emotions. It can makes us happy, it can make us sad, feel more calm and regulate our emotions or regulate our feelings. But If you ask most people what of the five senses that will give up, the most common answer is smell. Many people don't realize that smell is very important in the sense that it tells us whether something is going well or not.


Whether something is spoiled or whether you have gas leaking in your kitchen. One of the things that ignited my curiosity about smell was the times that I was working as a nurse and smelling infection is smelling poop, is smelling decay. And that taught me that smell was really a primal sense that we really ignore at our own peril. I'm interested in how diseases impact smell. We know that our sense of smell tends to decrease as we age, but our sense of smell also decreases when different conditions like neurodegenerative diseases. So for example, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's disease or frontotemporal of dementia. So it's one of the first symptoms that actually declines at least 10 years prior to any other symptoms appear.


Yet the lack of clinical attention to smell means that we don't yet consistently use standardized tools to screen, diagnose or identify these changes. So my mother-in-law is an incredible chef. However, a few years back we noticed that all the food coming out of a kitchen was extremely salty for me. I knew that something was wrong. So one of the things that I did was test her sense of smell and it was immediately obvious that it was diminished. So she had hyposmia or decreased sense of smell that then led us to take her to the doctor and they were able to look at all her other symptoms and we were able to then have a diagnosis that she had frontal temporal of dementia. Even when she was having symptoms, none of her clinicians tested her sense of smell.


If we were able to test the sense of smell early on, it can provide us with some early information. So at least it will tell us that something is wrong. During Covid, we know that millions of people started losing their sense of taste and smell. For a lot of diseases that are viral, people will lose their sense of smell and that somewhat is normal. You get a cold, you lose your sense of smell. However, when Covid, this was a sustained loss of smell that was happening at the magnitude that it was occurring. So that really started to tell us that something was wrong. We know that people tend to lose their sense of smell and regain it, but the question is to what degree?


For many chemos sensory scientists or smell researchers like myself, we're really concerned about the connection that we know that already exists between the sense of smell and our brains and the possibility that many individuals that have lost their sense of smell when covid will now have an increased risk of having neurogenerative diseases. Since we don't test the sense smell, we don't know individual's baselines to really know what is happening over time, we haven't prioritized this research and testing. We don't have guidelines and we don't have really established clinical protocols that can be used at doctor's offices to be able to assess an individual's sense of taste and smell. Although we have tools that we use for research, but really standardized tools across medical offices are not there.


Ideally, we can have individuals measured every year smell testing available from childhood all the way to adulthood. Just like when you go and get a physical exam, you can have actually your sense of smell measured. We know that our sense of vision is directly linked to how we experience the world. However, when it comes to the sense of smell that's never tested and one of the reasons is because we really don't appreciate it or really prioritize it, we just really think that, oh, it's just there to smell flowers, but smell can really help us imagine if we had smell tests that everyone could get, which would provide early information on diseases and give us insight into our overall wellbeing, we can actually tap into that power and use it for our own benefit.


And now a special conversation between TED fellow, Polly Joseph and TED Fellows, program director Lily James Olds. Hi Polly. Welcome. Hi Lillian. So good to be with you today. It's so powerful to hear you talk about how smell can transport us into so many different dimensions. But as you say, it's also the sense that people are most willing to give up If you ask them. Why do you think smell is often undervalued in comparison to to our other senses? You know, one of the things that we know is that, you know, smell is often overlooked because it operates in the background of our daily lives.


So we go about our daily lives, we rarely pay attention to what we're smelling as we are walking. You know, unlike vision or hearing, which are actively engaging tasks like reading or listening to conversations is smell is more subtle. So it, and it really shapes our emotions, our memories and behaviors without us necessarily realizing it. So there is also cultural bias in western societies. A smell is in a, as prioritized as it is in some other cultures where fragrance in sense and olfactory rituals play a key role in in daily life.


Well, that's really fascinating. What do you, what do you want people to know about this sense for those in cultures that do not prioritize this sense? You know, what do you think people ignore or, or don't realize about our sense of smell? One of the things people don't realize is that smell is essential for safety. Detecting spoil food, gas leaks, fire, personal identity, our own body scent is part of who we are. And an emotional wellbeing is also deeply tied to nutrition. If you can smell, food loses its flavor, which can lead to malnutrition as well as depression.


I want people to know that smell is in just a nice extra, it's a fundamental part of who we are and how we navigate the world around us. Yeah, it's so interesting that you say that because today I had my boiler replaced and it gives this really chemically smell. And I was doing some, you know, of course Googling on it. But just as you said, just walking in in the house and that immediate smell of something, something's off, you know, something's wrong here. So I also think it's, it's so fascinating that you say that smell is the only sense that's directly connected to our brain's limbic system.


And I'm wondering If you could talk a little bit more about the connection between smell and neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's and dementia, which you mentioned. Absolutely, and I think this is one of the fascinating things that I also would like everyone to know. So smell is, as you just mentioned, is the only sense that's directly connected to this area of the brain that we call the limbic system, which governs memory and emotions. So the olfactory bulb, which processes smells, is one of the first areas that is affected in neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. So this is why early loss of smell is often a warning sign of these conditions, sometimes appearing years before cognitive decline, since smell is not, is so intertwined when brain health, its decline might be both a symptom and a potential predictor of this neurodegeneration that is occurring when these diseases.


So it's really important for us to start thinking about smell as an predictor and to be able to have this done in patients regularly and early on. And why do you think healthcare has left that out so much? That sense and, and the focus on it out so much given what you're saying that it's a predictor for so many of these neuro-degenerative diseases. You know, one of the things that we are are lacking right now is clinical guidelines that providers can use. Often providers are not fully trained on how to collect these measures.


We know what smell testing could be like, but however it is not something that is widely distributed in doctor's offices or in clinician's offices. So we really need to work harder and advocate more in trying to get smell testing or chemos sensory testing widely in every doctor's office. And can you tell us a little bit more, how can we measure smell and what does that smell testing that you mentioned actually look like? So smell testing can be done in several ways. We could measure identification. There's, you know, standardized tests that already exists.


One of the, which we use for example, is the University of Pennsylvania Smell Identification Test, which presents scratch and sniff utterance for people to identify. And there are also what we call threshold test that is more looking at sensitivity for certain smell. So we really looking, you know, where someone is exposed to decreasing concentration of another and have to determine their sensitivity. And there's many other ways in which we can actually measure our sense of smell. The key is, you know, we need at least one of these tests to be regularly adapted in clinical settings.


How do we get to that place where this could become a more regular, you know, you go in for your, your annual checkup and this is a part of it. How do you think we can get there in terms of both the education and the implementation? So we definitely need a paradigm shift in our medical practice where smell is valued as much as vision and hearing. One of the things that we know is like when you, you know, at least for me, when I take my kid into the pediatrician, they're doing a vision test and they're doing a hearing test, but no one has ever stopped and say, oh, let's do a smell test. So we need a lot of public awareness. We need to really get the public to understand why this is important.


Incorporating smell testing as we discuss in routine checkups, much like vision and hearing exams. And we also need low cost at home smell tests that people can use and monitor for changes over time. And one of the big things is policy changes to really integrate smell screening into neurological and primary care settings. So I think that would be one of the key things that we need. I think my last question is just if someone listening wants to learn more about your work and this topic overall, what are some resources that you would recommend to them? Yeah, I would definitely recommend to them to visit the National Smell and Taste Center.


The National Smell and Taste Center is part of the National Institute of Health and it's a website that has recommendations for clinicians as well as patients that might be experiencing symptoms when loss of taste and smell. And also the Smell and Taste Association of North America, which is a patient advocacy group that is dedicated and run by patients that actually are experiencing these symptoms. Amazing. Thank you so much Polly. Really appreciate you being with us. Thank you. That was Polly Joseph, a 2024 TED Fellow. To learn more about the TED Fellows program and watch all the TED Fellows films, go to fellows dot TED dot com And that's it for today's show.


TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy Little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states


Support for this podcast. And the following message is brought to you by E-Trade from Morgan Stanley. With E-Trade, you can dive into the market with easy to use tools, $0 commissions, and a wide range of investments. And now there's even more to love. Get access to industry leading research and insights from Morgan Stanley to help guide your decisions. Open an account and get up to $1,000 or more with a qualifying deposit. Get started today at E-Trade dot com terms other fees apply. Investing involves risks. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LC Member Sip E-Trade is a business of Morgan Stanley.


Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with Lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with Falsy, lash lift, or natural looking volume from Great Lash, your perfect lash Future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.