
TED Audio Collective. You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. If you're one of our American or Canadian listeners, you're probably not working today in observance of Labor Day. But what is the story behind getting a day off work to celebrate working educator Kenneth C Davis gives us a quick history and all the context after the


break. Support for the show comes from Capital. One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just ask the Capital One Bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really? Banks, Capital, One Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply. See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks. Daily is sponsored by adt. A DT knows a lot can happen in a second. One second. You're happily single and the next second, you catch a glimpse of someone and you don't wanna be, maybe one second. You have a business idea that seems like a pipe dream. And the next you have an LLC and a dream come true. And when it comes to your home, one second. You feel safe and the next something goes wrong. But with ADTs 24 7 professional monitoring, you still feel safe because when every second counts count on adt, visit adt.com today.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


Sidedo is a podcast from the Smithsonian that will sneak you behind the scenes of the nation's largest museum and research complex. You'll discover stories of history, science, art, and culture that aren't available on any display case. You'll hear about what it's like to run a marathon in space, the Smithsonian's decades long feud with the Wright Brothers and why leaches are actually the coolest thing ever. You can listen to Sidedo wherever you get your podcasts. Just search for side door, all one word, or find it online at si.edu/sidedo.


How's this for a strange idea? A day off from work in honor of work itself? Actually, that is what Labor Day celebrated. In the United. States and Canada on the first Monday of every September is all about the first American Labor. Day was celebrated in New York City on September 5th, 1882, as thousands of workers and their families came to Union Square for a day in the park. It was not a national holiday, but had been organized by a union to honor workers and their hard efforts with a rare day of rest. Halfway between July 4th and Thanksgiving, there were picnics and a parade, but there were also protests.


The workers had gathered not just to rest and celebrate, but to demand fair wages, the end of child labor, and the right to organize into unions. During the period known as the Industrial Revolution, many jobs were difficult, dirty, and dangerous. People worked for 12 hours, six days a week without fringe benefits such as vacations, healthcare, and pensions, and If. you were young. Chances are you were doing manual labor instead of your ABCs and fractions. Children as young as 10 worked in some of the most hazardous places like coal mines or factories filled with boiling vats or dangerous machines trying to win better pay, shorter hours and safer conditions.


Workers had begun to form labor unions in America and Canada, but the companies they worked for often fought hard to keep unions out and to suppress strikes at times. This led to violent battles between workers and business owners, with the owners often backed up by the police or even the military. And now, back to the episode. In the following years, the idea of Labor Day caught on in America with official celebrations reaching 30 states, but then came the violent Haymarket Square riot of 1886, which led to the deaths of several policemen and workers in Chicago, and the execution of four union leaders.


After that, many labor and political groups around the world had begun to mark Haymarket Square on May 1st, which became known as International Workers' Day. In 1894, president Grover Cleveland signed the law making Labor Day a federal holiday in America. Only days after he had sent 12,000 soldiers to end a violent railroad strike that resulted in the death of several people. The original September date was kept partly to avoid the more radical associations of May 1st. Canada also created its Labor Day in 1894.


But in spite of this new holiday, it would be a long time before the changes that workers wanted became a reality. In 1938, during the Great Depression that left millions without jobs, president Franklin d Roosevelt signed a law calling for an eight hour workday, a five day work week, and an end to child labor. Some of the first federal protections for American workers as America and Canada celebrate Labor Day. Most of the two country's children enjoy a day off from school. But it is important to remember that there was a time that every day was a Labor Day for children in America and Canada.


And unfortunately, the same fact remains true for millions of children around the world today.


OMGS is a website of new findings from the largest ever research study into women's pleasure and intimacy in partnership with IU and Yale researchers. When you see such an open, honest evidence-based discussion of what feels good and why it becomes so obvious, that's how it should be. The techniques are beautifully organized and presented with women of diverse agents. Sharing from experience, no blushing, no shame. Binge watch, omg. Yes, solo with your partner, or discuss it with friends, like a book club. See it for yourself@omgyes.com.


Hi, I'm Bvo sdu, host of Ted's newest podcast, the TED AI Show, where I talk with the world's leading experts, artists, journalists, to help you live and thrive in a world where AI is changing everything. I'm stoked to be working with IBM, our official sponsor for this episode in a recent report published by the IBM Institute of Business Value. Among those surveyed, one in three companies pause an AI use case after the pilot phase, and we've all been there, right? You get hyped about the possibilities of AI spin up a bunch of these pilot projects, and then crickets. Those pilots are trapped in silos. Your resources are exhausted and scaling feels daunting. What if instead of hundreds of pilots, you had a holistic strategy that's built to scale? That's what IBM can help with. They have 65,000 consultants with generative AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting because using AI is cool, but scaling AI across your business. That's the next level.


That was educator Kenneth C Davis for TED ed. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. PR.