
Gday America. It's Tony and Ryan from the Tony and Ryan podcast. From down under


This episode is sponsored by Boost Mobile, the newest 5G network in the country. These Guys are no longer the prepaid wireless company. You might remember. They've invested billions into building their own 5G towers across America, transforming the carrier into America's fourth major network alongside the other big dogs. Hoo hoo. Yep. They're challenging the competitors by working harder and smarter. Like this amazing new network they've literally built. They have a blazing fast 5G and plans for all the latest devices. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or find them online@boostmobile.com.


This is a mini meditation guided by Bombas. Repeat after me. I'm comfy. Comfy. I'm cozy. Cozy. I have zero blisters on my toes blisters, and that's 'cause I wear Bombas. The softest socks, underwear, and t-shirts that give back. One purchased equals one donated now go to bombas.com/acast and use code acast for 20% off your first purchase. That's B-O-M-B-A s.com/acast and use code acast at checkout.


Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year in benefits and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Cora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED audio. That's va nta.com/ TED audio for $1,000 off.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hume. I have been wondering about this very question in today's episode. Every time the holidays come around, why do we kiss under the missile toe? What is that about? Where did it come from? Well, educator Carlos Rife has the answer, enjoy The site of missile toe. May either send you scurrying or if you have your eye on someone awaiting an opportunity beneath its snow. White berries. But how did the festive Christmas tradition of kissing under missile toe come about? The long lived custom intertwines, the mythology and biology of this intriguing plant, there are more than 1000 species of missile toe which grows the world over.


In fact, the ancient Europeans were so captivated by the plant's unusual growth habits that they included it in their legends and myths in ancient Rome. Pliny the elder described how the druid priesthood in ancient England believed that missile toe was a plant dropped down from heaven by the gods that explained its unlikely position amongst the high branches of certain trees. They also believed it had powers of healing and bestowing fertility. Meanwhile, Scandinavian legend told of the plant's mystical qualities in the story of the God alder and his adoring mother frika goddess of love, marriage, and fertility.


Frika loved her son so much that she commanded every plant, animal and inanimate object to vow. They'd never harm him In her fervor, however, she overlooked the missile toe, the mischievous God. Loki realized this oversight and pierced DER's heart with an arrow carved from a missile toe branch Frika cried tears of such sadness that they formed the missile toe's, purley berries, making the other god's pity her and agree to resurrect Fowler. Hearing the news, frika became so overjoyed that she transformed the missile toe from a symbol of death into one of peace and love. She mandated a one day truce for all fights and that everyone embraced beneath its branches when they passed to spread more love into the world.


In the 17th century, British colonists arriving in the new world, found a different but very similar looking species of missile toe. They applied it to these tales of magic, fertility, and love spreading the missile toe hanging tradition from Europe into America. By the 18th century, people in Britain had turned this into a Christmas tradition, but this custom comes down to more than just human imagination. All of it was inspired by the plants. Intriguing biology. We see missile toe as a festive decoration, but draped on tree bows in the wild. It's known as a partly parasitic plant. Missile toe relies on modified roots called Astoria that penetrate the tree, bark and siphon off the water and minerals.


Trees carry up their trunks to colonize nearby trees with its seeds. Missile toe depends on birds and other creatures to do the dispersing. Birds that eat the missile toe's sticky. White berries sometimes get rid of the g gluey seeds by wiping them off onto tree bark. Or with a bit of luck, they excrete the indigestible seed onto a tree where it germinates and starts to grow. With its resilience and foliage that stays lush even while the surrounding trees lose their leaves. You can see why missile toe captivated our superstitious ancestors. They saw these as signs of the plant's magical qualities and fertility. Even today, the missile toe inspires wonder with a diversity of wildlife, it supports more than just a parasite.


It's also known as a keystone species. It's eaten by a diversity of animals, including deer, elk, squirrels, chipmunks, porcupines, robins, blue birds, mourning doves, and the butterfly genus dus. Some missile to species produce dense bushes, which are excellent nesting locations for a variety of birds. And despite their parasitic relationship with trees, missile toes can also help other plants. For instance, juniper sprouts near missile toe to benefit from the visiting berry eating birds through the many benefits it provides. Missile toe influences diversity and allows ecosystems to flourish.


You might even say that for this iconic plant life, imitates, legend in the wild missile toe has the power to bring things together. And in our own traditions, we see that happening too. That Was Carlos Rife from our TED Ed lesson archives from 2016. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Es Stefanos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar.


It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


As a small business owner, you don't have the luxury of clocking out early. Your business is on your mind 24 7. So when you're hiring, you need a partner that grinds just as hard as you do. That hiring partner is LinkedIn Jobs. LinkedIn makes it easy to post your job for free, share it with your network, and get qualified candidates that you can manage all in one place. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod. That's LinkedIn dot com slash TED pod to post your job for free. Terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. Missouri does fine jewelry differently. They're all about buying for yourself where you decide the occasion. Everything is handcrafted with quality, craftsmanship, and responsible sourcing in mind. So these are pieces you can feel good about in more ways than one plus. There are so many designs you can mix and match to create a stack for every look. Shop, in store, in app, or online@missouri.com today.


Hi, I'm Maya from Girls At Invest. Tax season is all about preparation. And if you're like most people, managing your financial logins and documents, securely can feel overwhelming. One password can help bring order to the tax prep chaos all in one place. Right now, you get 25% off your first year of one password individual or 50% off your first year of one password families at one password.com/girls that invest. That's 25 or 50% off your first year at one PASS w.com/girls that invest or lowercase one password.com/girls that invest.