
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is a no fee credit card that gives you daily cash back every day. That's 3% back at Apple and 2% back on every purchase made with Apple Card using Apple Pay. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app on your iPhone today. Subject to credit approval variable APRs for Apple Card range from 18.24% to 28.49% based on credit worthiness rates as of January 1st, 2025. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City Branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


I don't know about you, but the number one thing I look forward to when I return from traveling is a good night's sleep in my own bed. That has never been more true than it is now that I have a Sleep Number Smart bed. I get so sore after traveling on planes, but after literally one night in my Sleep number smart bed, my body feels restored, rested and relaxed. The fact that my bed actually listens to my body and adjusts to my needs to keep me sleeping soundly all the way through the night is worth it alone. Not to mention my husband and I never need to argue over firmness because we can each dial in our own sleep number setting. Why choose a Sleep Number Smart bed so you can choose your ideal comfort on either side? And now for a limited time sleep number, smart beds start at $849. Price is higher in Alaska and Hawaii exclusively at a Sleep Number store near you, cstore, or sleep number.com for details.


This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. I wanna tell you about SimpliSafe, a company that's revolutionizing home security. What's fascinating about SimpliSafe is their approach to protection. Their active guard. Outdoor protection doesn't just react to break-ins, it aims to prevent them. With AI powered cameras and live monitoring agents, they can spot suspicious activity and intervene in real time. It's like having a vigilant security team watching over your home 24 7. Simply save offers peace of mind without the hassle of long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Plus their monitoring plans start at just about a dollar a day, making advanced security accessible to more people. They offer a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back interested in learning more. Listeners can get 50% off their new Simply Safe system with professional monitoring and their first month free@simplysafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Mining is a controversial topic. It's crucial for the supply of metals needed in the clean energy transition, but it's also hugely wasteful. In his 2024 talk, wasteless minor, Jeff Moore shares that the solution lies in the waste dump. He lays out how new technology is helping mines meet supply demands and become more sustainable all by not wasting what's already there that's coming up. So this is the truth about mining.


It's an absolutely essential industry. In fact, we've even named historical ages after the metals that are produced by mining. So for example, take the Bronze Age. Now bronze is actually 90% copper. So I think maybe some unfair branding. It should have been the Copper Age. But the only thing that happened before the Bronze Age was a stone age when basically the level of our material science consisted of looking for a nice rock to pick up and smash something with. So the first metal that humankind figured out how to transform into something useful was copper. As we advanced technologically, copper became known as the industrial metal. It typically works behind the scenes, but it is critical.


Just as some examples, without copper, we'd have no lights In this auditorium, smartphones would not exist, and that machine that your favorite barista uses to make your favorite cup of coffee would not be possible. I know that last one was really scary. I I sure if I took it too far. Now, here's actually the, the, the real important part here are other things that are not possible about copper electric vehicles. Wind turbines, solar power. In fact, these critical technologies use a lot more copper and other metals than the traditional non-sustainable technologies that they're replacing. This means demand is growing dramatically to the point that monitors are not sure how they're actually gonna meet that demand.


Today, globally, we produce 22 million tons of copper per year. Your forecasters are correct. By 2050, there'll be a supply shortage of 19 million tons, almost equal to today's total production. If we look out just six years to 2030, that shortage is predicted to be 4 million tons. Now, to put that into some into perspective, today, there's about 250 operating copper mines in the world that would require 50 new mines to be built in the next six years. Even if we could find that many new potential mines, a mine typically takes about 15 years to develop into production.


So filling the gap with new mines is literally impossible. We need other solutions and we need them now. So here's another truth about mining's. Traditionally very wasteful, the mine called chuy kamata, it's in northern Chile in a region that I spend a lot of time in that produces about a third of the world's copper. The problem that we have here is that all that material gets dug up over half of it ends up in the waste dump. And this is where the problem is. In all that rock piled up, there's a lot of good copper that was thrown away, an error and wasted. Wouldn't it be great if there was a way to meet that demand by simply wasting less of what we're already mining? Well, there is, and let me explain.


Miners of course want to find and process as much copper as possible, but they lack data. Traditionally, there's been no way to actually see inside the rock as they're digging it out of the ground, that massive shovel digs out the rock afters and blasted. And here is where the most important decision in the entire mining process has to be made. Does that mine rocket put on a truck to be processed and turned into copper that the world needs? Or does it go on a truck to be hauled to the waste dump, never to be seen again? And this is where a new technology comes in part of a system called shovel sense that essentially turns this dumb loading instrument into a smart measurement device by taking delicate equipment that literally sees inside the rock as it tumbles into the bucket.


And combining that with ai, we can create data that's never been available before and allow the Meyer to make better decisions. Now, this wasn't easy. This had never been done before. I, I think frankly, nobody was crazy enough to try it. So there was no spec that we had. So we went with the toughest spec, which is military spec for shock. That's 50 G. And our engineering team determined that we'd, our hard would last eight years, which sounded pretty reasonable. Our first installation lasted eight minutes. Everything broke. Everything broke. Turns out it's not 50 G, it's actually 400 G. Oops. But in the last five years, we figured out how to make this not break.


And we're growing rapidly in the market by applying this technology, we're increasing copper production at operating mines by between five and 30%. That's massive. And this is the future of mining because it also means that these mines are using less electricity and less water. And it's not just copper. It also works for the metals like nickel, iron, zinc, even cobalt, all metals that we need for the the clean energy transition. At mine sense though, we did start with copper. We're currently operating at 15 mines in south and North America. And we have already increased copper production by the equivalent of one whole new mine. But we did that in two years, not the 15 years it would take to have built that new mine.


For every shovel sense that we install, we produce enough incremental copper to build 15,000 Tesla model threes. And we are expanding globally and we're growing rapidly. We believe that we'll be able to produce 2 million tons of extra copper by 2030, or in other words, fill half of that supply shortage. And it all comes down to not wasting what is already there. Thank you. And If you happen to run into a minor, please give them a big hug. That was Jeff Moore at TED Countdown's Dilemma event in Brussels in 2024.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies, try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


What makes a great pair of glasses? At Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, SM resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to Warby Parker dot com. That's Warby Parker dot com.


If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, you know, prevention is the best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Grainger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them. From disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment so you can help deliver a clean bill of health, call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.