(1s):
Hey, TED Talks Daily. Listeners, it's Elise. Thank you for making this show part of your daily routine. We really appreciate it and we wanna make it even better for you. So we put together a quick survey and we'd love to hear your thoughts. It's listener survey time. It only takes a few minutes, but it really helps us shape the show and get to know you. Our listeners, so much better head to the episode description to find the link to the listener survey. We would really appreciate you doing it. Thank you so much for taking the time to help the show. Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding?

(43s):
Shadowy Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts and they don't pay a dime in US taxes if there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs innovation and growth.

(1m 23s):
Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.

(1m 39s):
This episode is sponsored by SimpliSafe. If you're thinking about upgrading your home security, I cannot recommend SimpliSafe enough. I've been using it and their new active guard. Outdoor protection is seriously next level. AI powered cameras plus real live agents keeping an eye on things outside before anything bad happens. It's not just reacting after the fact. If someone's lurking simply safe steps in, agents can Talks, Odoo them, flip on spotlights, even call the police. It's like having an extra set of eyes watching over your home. For me, it's become a nightly ritual. Setting the system before bed and knowing everything's protected. Total peace of mind. You can get 50% off your new SimpliSafe system with professional monitoring and your first month free@simplisafe.com slash TED Talks Daily. That's simply safe.com/ TED Talks Daily. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.

(2m 37s):
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Picture this somewhere in the world. An Apple Card user is getting 3% daily cash back on the purchase of an iPhone 16 at Apple. That's not all. They also earned 2% back on the new shoes they bought using Apple Pay. Visit apple.co/card calculator to see how much daily cashback you can earn subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more at Apple Card dot com.

(3m 14s):
You are listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas and conversations to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Where do conspiracy theories come from and how do they spread for mathematician? Adam Kucharski, this question is key, especially as we navigate a world full of complex and overwhelming things from climate and health to ai. In his talk, he shares why he finds comfort in leaning into the unknown, but asks us to consider why it's crucial that we find better ways to trust the things we cannot explain and to explain the things that we do not trust.

(3m 56s):
It is not easy to explain why airplanes stay in the sky. A common explanation is that the curved shape of the wing makes airflow faster, above and slower beneath creating lift. But this doesn't explain how planes can fly upside down. Another explanation is that the angle of the wing pushes air downwards creating an equal and opposite upwards force. But this doesn't explain why. As the angle gets slightly steeper, planes can suddenly stall. The point is aerodynamics is complex. It's difficult to understand, let alone explain in a simple, intuitive way, and yet we trust it.

(4m 38s):
And the same is true of so many other useful technologies in our lives. The idea of heart defibrillation has been around since 1899, but researchers are still working to untangle the biology and physics. That means an electric shock can reset a heart. Then there's general anesthesia. We know what combination of drugs will make a patient unconscious, but it's still not entirely clear exactly why they do, and yet you'd probably still get the operation just like you'd still take that flight for a long time. This lack of explanation didn't really bother me throughout my career as a mathematician.

(5m 19s):
I've worked to separate truth from fiction, whether investigating epidemics or designing new statistical methods, but the world is complicated and that's something I'd become comfortable with. For example, if we want to know whether a new treatment is effective against a disease, we can run a clinical trial to get the answer. It won't tell us why the treatment works, but it will give us the evidence we need to take action. So I found it interesting that in other areas of life, a lack of explainability does visibly bother. People take ai. One of the concerns about autonomous machines like self-driving cars is we don't really understand why they make the decisions they do.

(6m 3s):
There will be some situations where we can get an idea of why they make mistakes. Last year, a self-driving car blocked off a firetruck as responding to an emergency in Las Vegas. The reason the firetruck was yellow and the car had been trained to recognize red ones, but even if the car had been trained to recognize yellow fire trucks, it wouldn't go through the same thought process we do when we see an emergency vehicle. Self-driving. AI views the world as a series of shapes and probabilities with sufficient training. It can convert this view into useful actions, but fundamentally it's not seeing what we are seeing. This tension between the benefits that computers can bring and the understanding that humans have to relinquish isn't new.

(6m 48s):
In 19 76, 2 mathematicians named Kenneth Apple and vCAN Harkin announced the first ever computer aided proof. Their discovery meant that for the first time in history, mathematicians had to accept a major theorem that they could not verify by hand. The theorem in question is what's known as the fore color theorem. In short, this says If you wanna fill in a map with different colors so that no two bordering countries are the same color, you'll only ever need four colors to do this. The mathematicians had found that there were too many map configurations to crunch through by hand, even if they simplify things by looking for symmetries.

(7m 30s):
So they used a computer to get over the finish line. Not everyone believed the proof. Initially, maybe the computer had made an error somewhere. Suddenly mathematicians no longer had total intellectual control. They had to trust a machine. But then something curious happened. While older researchers have been skeptical, younger mathematicians took the opposite view. Why would they trust hundreds of pages of handwritten and hand checked calculations? Surely a computer would be more accurate, whether we're talking about anesthesia, self-driving cars or mathematical proofs, perhaps we don't need to fully understand something as long as the accuracy is high enough for what we need.

(8m 16s):
Let's go back to self-driving cars. A common thought experiment when it comes to AI is what's known as the trolley problem. Suppose we have a heavy trolley or a big car and it's going to hit a group of people, but you have the option of pulling a lever to divert the vehicle so it hits only one person. Would you pull that lever and would it matter whether the people are old or young? These kinds of decisions can sometimes crop up in real life with human drivers. In 2020, a car in Michigan swerved to avoid a truck and hit a young couple walking on the pavement, putting him in hospital for several months. Would AI have reacted differently? Well, it turned out that the car was also racing side by side with another vehicle at the time and the driver didn't have a valid license.

(9m 3s):
Before we get too deep into theoretical dilemmas, we should remember that humans often aren't very good drivers. If we could ensure there were far fewer accidents on our roads, would you mind being unable to explain the ones that did happen in this complex world of ours? Maybe we should just abandon the pursuit of explanation altogether. After all, many data-driven areas of science increasingly focused on prediction because it's fundamentally an easier problem than explaining like anesthesia. We can often make useful predictions about what something will do without fully understanding it, But explanation can sometimes really matter if we want a better world.

(9m 46s):
The focus on prediction is particularly troubling in the field of justice. Increasingly, algorithms are used to decide whether to release people on bail or parole. The computer isn't deciding whether they've committed a crime. In effect, it's predicting whether they'll commit one in future. But ideally, we wouldn't just try and predict future crimes using an opaque algorithm. We'd try and prevent them, and that means understanding why people re-offend and what we can do to stop that happening. A lack of interest in explanation. There's a gap that in this situation creates room for injustice, but it's not the only thing that can emerge in the gap between what is happening and why it's happening.

(10m 32s):
The desire for explanation can in some cases, drive people to extremes, particularly if the science behind what they're seeing is patchy or complex. Events must have a cause goes their logic, something or someone must be behind them. Carl Popper, who popularized the term conspiracy theory once talked about conspiracy theories of society rather than events being random or unlinked believers develop a narrative in which all of history is mapped out by shadowy influences. Nothing is a coincidence. In some ways, conspiracy theorists are similar to scientists.

(11m 12s):
They want to explain the patterns they see in the world and they want to share those explanations with others, and they'll put a lot of effort into doing so. Because I work in health and I've appeared in the media, I've ended up interacting with quite a lot of conspiracy theorists, and one of the things you'll notice If you try and debate a conspiracy theorist is they'll usually have a mountain of scientific looking data and papers ready to argue their point. The key difference though is that science frequently requires that we update our beliefs about the world rather than just double down on them. The point of evidence is to get us closer to the truth, not just pull us further into a theory.

(11m 57s):
You can always tell quite quickly in a discussion when someone's trying to defend a position rather than actually discover the reality. One of the most popular conspiracy theories currently is the idea of chem trails. This is the false claim that airplane vapor trails are actually a deliberate attempt to drug populations or control the weather with chemicals. Unlike the science of airplane wings, it's actually pretty straightforward to explain where vapor trails come from. Jet engines produce water vapor and no exhaust. When this hot vapor hits the very cold air outside, it freezes creating a streak of tiny ice crystals in the sky.

(12m 38s):
So why do claims like this persist? It's partly down to trust. Unless you want to brush up on thermodynamics or buy a jet engine, at some point you're gonna have to take someone's word that this is how the science works. But conspiracy theories are also about community. If people go against scientific consensus, it can make them feel like an independent thinker and part of a resistance. Then there's that crucial element, the need for an explanation beyond simple coincidence, whether we want to push the boundaries of science or push back on conspiracy theories, we need to appreciate this very human desire to explain.

(13m 19s):
I've made the mistake sometimes of neglecting this. In the past, I've given people an over simplistic explanation for complex process and created even more confusion than there was before. Or in a situation with limited time. I've told people it's not possible to properly untangle the complexity involved, and in doing so, I failed to acknowledge that very deep, deep rooted need to explain. I now notice other scientists making the same mistake. They might say the evidence is clear when it isn't to a lot of people, or they might say it's well established. This is true. Without saying why it's true, this matters because increasingly, we have to navigate a world that most of us struggle to fully understand from climate and health to finance and ai.

(14m 10s):
There often isn't a simple intuitive logic behind what we're seeing, but there are lots of catchy false explanations ready to lead us astray. As science becomes more advanced and more reliant on opaque or counterintuitive technologies, these challenges will only grow. I've got a PhD in maths and I still don't fully understand the details of every climate simulation or AI algorithm. So like many others, I've had to find other ways to evaluate public claims. I've turned to experts with good track records. I've since checked sources. I've looked for inconsistencies, and I've tried to explain as much as I can.

(14m 49s):
In this changing world, we are gonna have to close this gap between knowing what is happening and wanting to know why it's happening. That means finding better ways to trust the things we can't explain, and better ways to explain the things that we don't trust. Thank you. That was Adam Kucharski at TEDx London in 2025. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective.

(15m 31s):
This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika Song Maron. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening

(16m 3s):
When it comes to your business, every second counts from mega factories to mom and pop shops. Ericsson helps tens of thousands of companies around the world build powerful connections every day. Power your business with our connectivity and communication solutions, the invisible advantage driving your growth. Visit us at erickson.com/power. That's ER ICSs o n.com/power.

(16m 33s):
Did you know that foreign investors are quietly funding lawsuits in American courts through a practice called third party litigation funding? Shadowy. Overseas funders are paying to sue American companies in our courts, and they don't pay a dime in US taxes. If there is an award or settlement. They profit tax free from our legal system while US companies are tied up in court and American families pay the price to the tune of $5,000 a year. But there is a solution, a new proposal before Congress would close this loophole and ensure these foreign investors pay taxes just like the actual plaintiffs have to. It's a common sense move that discourages frivolous and abusive lawsuits and redirects resources back into American jobs, innovation and growth.

(17m 21s):
Only President Trump and Congressional Republicans can deliver this win for America and hold these foreign investors accountable. Contact your lawmakers today and demand they take a stand to end foreign funded litigation abuse.

(17m 34s):
Ever wonder what your lashes are destined for? The cards have spoken. Maybelline New York mascara does it all. Whether you crave fully fan lashes with lash sensational, big, bold volume from the colossal, a dramatic lift with falsies, lash lift, or natural looking volume from great Lash your perfect lash future awaits. Manifest your best mascara today. Shop Maybelline New York and discover your Lash Destiny. Shop now at Walmart.