
Race. The Rudder Race. The Sails race. The Sails Captain. An Unidentified ship is approaching Over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


Worried about what ingredients are hiding in your groceries. Let us take the guesswork out. We Thrive Market the online grocery store with the highest quality standards in the industry. We restrict 1000 plus ingredients so you can trust that you'll only find the best high quality, organic, and sustainable brands all free of the junk. With savings up to 30% off and fast carbon neutral shipping, you get top trusted groceries at your door and you can stop worrying about what your kids get their hands on. Start shopping at Thrive Market dot com slash podcast for 30% off your first order and a free gift.


Better Help Online Therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now wherever you are, to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders, take a deep breath in and out. Feels better. Right? That's 15 seconds of self-care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. These days we are all getting photographed so much more than a generation ago, but if you're anything like me, it can feel uneasy to be in front of a camera. What are we supposed to do with our hands? What's my best side? Do I have a best side? In his 2024 talk, tiktoks King of Poses, David Suh has a message for all of us to feel more confident and comfortable in photos. And this advice works even if we're not gonna be in front of the camera after the break. It is so great being up on here.


I also wanna make sure I commemorate and take a quick TED selfie. Hold on. Sorry. Don't mind me. What was my best selfie angle again? Anyone else have that question? A few. A few? Okay. Well it's a question I get asked all the time as a posing coach. It's so silly because it's really simple. There's chin up and chin down. Matter of fact, can we try this from our seats real quick? Everyone just do a simple chin up. Let me take a look. All right. Okay. Lemme try to figure this out for everyone here. Gonna chin down. Yeah. Great. Okay. How does everyone look? Good at both angles?


But before I go on to solve world's mystery of Southeast right here today. Today, let's address the elephant in the room, shall we? 'cause I have a feeling that not everyone here is so deeply invested in taking the cutest selfie every day, but that's okay. That's okay. This is still gonna be good 'cause I'll take a bet in saying that every single one of you here deserves a powerful headshot that not only reflects your identity, but your ambition and success. For the past decade, I've been photographing over thousands of people. Few, you may recognize celebrities, CEOs, but mainly people.


People like you and me who have a simple human desire to be seen and heard. And there's something, this external validation seeking culture of selfies that I learned that this culture hasn't taught me. It's that posing for a photo doesn't have to be this terrifying experience that subjects you to beauty standards. In fact, posing should be natural 'cause it's something that you've been speaking, it's a language you've been speaking your entire life, body language. And I'm here to show you that our body is so interconnected with our hearts and our identity.


Perhaps on the chin up, you felt a sense of confidence. Maybe on the chin down you felt like I was flirting with you from the stage. I told you everyone looks so good here. But how does something so mechanical start to express emotions? It's not voodoo magic. 'cause this is something that we can all do. Matter of fact, let's try this all together one more time. Okay, everyone, this time just relax your shoulders with me. Yeah, let's take a deep breath, your nose and after the mouth, beautiful. Chin up very slowly with with me feeling powerful.


Back down to neutral. Chin down, just a touch head toward to the side, nose around slightly and just the eyes down towards the ground beneath you. And just the eyes, again, slowly bringing up back to me. If you felt something in here in your body, my friends, you felt a fraction of the power of posing just using your chin up. Imagine what you can do when you use your entire body. By the end of this talk, I wanna show you that you can become whoever you want to become through a single pose. But how did David get here? Where he can orchestrate a whole room full of beautiful people to just flirt with him in a matter of seconds.


It started in high school, not the flirting. It was a passion. It a simple passion of taking a photo for someone else that they would love. And it's an it's honorable passion. But there was a big problem posing David, what do I do with my hands? Don't look at me. I'm just a shy Korean kid hiding behind this camera. But because they didn't know how to pose, they felt awkward. Therefore they looked awkward. And then they saw the, the awkward photo where they said, oh, once again, I look awkward further validating their limiting beliefs.


But it's okay because high school David had a solution. He went to Google and typed in top three poses for a woman. Easy peasy, right? Nope, because David learned that everyone has different body types. I mean, how can he for? Okay, that makes sense. But what if David learns the top three poses for every conceivable body types out there in the universe? Surely he would be set up for success, right? Nope. Because even if two people have the same body types, how they perceive themselves and how they want to be seen can be drastically different.


This is a problem with today's definition of posing. It boxes you in based on your physical traits and your labels. Ah, you are a woman. This is how you need to present your body. Yeah, let's not, let's not get canceled on the TED stage. My first time here, there's a client that taught me this lesson really well. She was an ex dominatrix, now author. I know. Really cool. So I I, she was getting her hair and makeup done. I went over, I said, miss client, how would you like to be photographed today? She looked at straight at me and said, David, I wanna be a bisexual assassin.


Yeah, let's, let's do that. And as I slowly walked out of the makeup room, immense panic, just What does that even mean? David went to his laptop and typed top three poses for bisexual assassins immediately regretted it. Eventually, I had no other options. I had to trust my process. So David guided her limb by limb intentionally to feel within her body. And I nervously presented a photo to her and she said, David, this is me.


I learned that day that it wasn't my job to teach her how to be a bisexual assassin. All I had to do was give her space to be who she already was, the baddest, bisexual assassin in the world. It's not about contorting your body to fit someone else's idea of you. It also doesn't matter If you see a version of what you believe is bisexual assassin here or not. 'cause Krista connected with herself. That is what posing is. It's a declaration of self telling the world that you belong, that you are deserving of self-exploration, self-acceptance and self-expression.


A playful promise to tell yourself that I will see myself as a work of art, A one of one this. This is how opposing should feel. It should feel grounding. It should feel empowering. And this is how the shy Korean kid that you saw earlier on came to be him today. Me on stage. Thank you. I mean, don't get me wrong. Both David Suh are beautiful, but this David Suh thought posing as a tool to look good. To almost pretend me.


Now I see posing as a way to embody who I've become and who I'm destined to become. So the next time you are in front of the camera, whether it's for a selfie or a headshot, please remember that you deserve to take up space, shift your balance to comfort your body. And remember David asking you, how are you and your future self showing up for you today in your body? Thank you for coming to my TED Talk. That was David Suh speaking at TED next 2024.


If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Rezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If you could save some cash? Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary. Not available in all states.


And now Two pigeons. Be moaning. The fact you can choose the TV you Want with DirecTV. So now they can pick out their favorite entertainment when they sign up and save money. Well, la da you mean If you like sports, you can get a sports packt. What about entertainment? Entertainment Pack? It's like finding an old pizza with only your favorite toppings, which for me would be pineapple and toenails. Ew, pineapple Pay for the TV you want. Not the TV you don't. Visit DirecTV stream.com. Service renews monthly at then prevailing rate. Unless you cancel online. New eligible customers only restrictions apply.


Does it ever feel like you're a marketing professional just speaking into the void? Boy? Well, with LinkedIn ads, you can know you're reaching the right decision makers. You can even target buyers by job title, industry company, seniority skills. Wait, did I say job title yet? Get started today and see how you can avoid the void and reach the right buyers. With LinkedIn ads, we'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.