
If you are a parent or share a fridge with someone, Instacart is about to make grocery shopping so much easier because with family carts you can share a cart with your partner and each add the items you want since between the two of you. Odds are you'll both remember everything you need. And this way you'll never have to eat milk with cereal again. So minimize the stress of the weekly shop with family carts. Download the Instacart app and get delivery in as fast as 30 minutes. Plus, enjoy $0 delivery fees on your first three orders. Service fees apply for three orders in 14 days. Excludes restaurants,


better Help Online Therapy. Bought this 32nd ad to remind you right now wherever you are to UNC unclench your jaw, relax your shoulders, take a deep breath in and out. Feels better, right? That's 15 seconds of self care. Imagine what you could do with more visit, better help.com/random podcast for 10% off your first month of therapy. No pressure, just help. But for now, just relax.


At Schwab, how you invest is your choice, not theirs. That's why when it comes to managing your wealth, Schwab gives you more choices. You can invest and trade on your own, plus, get advice and more comprehensive wealth solutions to help meet your unique needs with award-winning service, low costs and transparent advice, you can manage your wealth your way at Schwab. Visit schwab.com to learn more.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. If you'll allow me to brag real quick, I am very good at getting over jet lag. I'm a former international correspondent and have to do some cross time zone travel pretty frequently. Over the years I've learned daylight and staying awake at daylight has really helped me in regulating sleep and correcting for jet lag. And in her talk sleep scientist, Christine Blume gives us an explainer on why it's so effective, not just for jet lag, but for sleep quality all year round. Enjoy On a use of Saturday, you wouldn't find me here.


And I mean, of course I don't give TEDx talks every Saturday, but what I mean is you probably wouldn't find me in a museum. Rather, If you were looking for me, you'd probably have to go to the mountains. And that is because I absolutely love hiking. And in addition to just being outside and being in the nature, what I really like is this feeling of physical exhaustion, sort of this satisfaction you can feel in every single muscle. And in the evening when it's time to go to bed, I absolutely cherish this amazing sleepiness that fills you from head to toe. Now you might say, well, of course she's tired.


She's been hiking all day. Plus not to forget about the effects of supposedly fresh air, but there is one factor that most likely outweighs the effects of fresh air and perhaps even physical activity. And that is, is, is exposure to natural daylight. And today, I hope to convince you that we should all appreciate daylight as sort of a natural so horrific. And hopefully by the end of the talk you will also recognize that we should all pay more attention to our daily light diet. But let's start with a question, why daylight is so important for our organism, for health and eventually for sleep.


Now, throughout your body, in each and every single cell, there is a tiny molecular clock ticking inside it. And to keep these millions of clocks in sync, we have one central body clock that is located in the brain in an area which we call the hypothalamus, and like the conductor of an orchestra, it communicates the time of day to each of these molecular clocks. And this way it is able to regulate bodily processes in sync with a time of day. For example, it causes your body temperature to increase in the morning and to decrease in the evening.


It choreographs the release of certain hormones at appropriate times. And in the evening when it's time to go to bed, it'll also make you tired and sleepy. But given this precise synchronization between internal or biological time and external time or event, environmental time, it seems clear that the body clock cannot be blind or isolated or shut off from the environment, but rather it needs to receive information about the time of day from the environment for it to synchronize with sun time.


And this is achieved by close connections between the internal biological clock in the brain and our eyes. And now you may know that in the human retina there are different types of receptors photoreceptors. So receptors that sends light. And classically we di we distinguish two types, the rods and the cones. But this is not the whole story because they need fairly recently, only in the early two thousands, another type of cell has been discovered, and we call them retinal ganglion cells. These cells do not contribute to a visual impression, but they're exclusively designed to sense short wavelength proportions in daylight.


Sometimes we also call this blue light. So they're designed to extract important information about the time of day from the environment and pass this on to the internal biological clock in the brain. And I guess you've all experienced how well this biological timing system, this connection between our biological clock and the external world or our eyes works when we, for example, travel across time zones. Now, how much light do we actually need? How much light is enough for the positive effects on, for instance, sleep to occur?


And I have to admit, this is not so easy to answer, but I think what we have to keep in mind is that the biological timing system has evolved under the A and sky and not in offices or museums. So it is also optimally tuned to the conditions we find outside office light or light and rooms is in no way comparable to what we find outside. And therefore, from a scientific perspective, I can only recommend you to spend as much time as you can under the open sky, but try to make it at least 30 minutes per day.


Now let's finally talk about sleep. And I've repeatedly alluded to the fact that daylight is beneficial and important for sleep. And in this context, I'd like to share a little story. So last year I had to go to hospital for surgery. And generally the hospital environment is a very challenging one for sleep because you spend way too much time in bed, not moving much. You might be in pain now and then someone comes in to check on you even during the night. And as If you are as lucky as I was, you have a snoring roommate.


And because you of course don't get a lot of daylight, and that's why many people while they're in hospital ask for sleep medication. But, but as I consider myself to be a generally good sleeper and also because I know how these drugs work, I didn't want this, but I knew there was something I could do to help my body sleep as well as possible even in this situation. And that was to maximize exposure to daylight. Because As a sleep scientist, of course I know about the research findings. I know that the more daylight that you get, the more tired you will be in the evening, the easier it will be for you to fall asleep.


And the better the experience sleep quality. And in addition, daylight exposure has also been shown to increase proportions of deep sleep, which again has been linked to processes of tissue repair, something not to be underestimated after surgery and beyond the effects on sleep, we know that patients are brought to rooms, experience less pain and less stress. And also the effects of daylight on mood are well established. So I thought it might be time for me to put into practice what I often preach and I'll have to confess that easily. I'm a much better at giving advice than following it myself.


But here's what I did. So first, when it became free, I asked the nurses to move my bed to the window place because that does not only give you power of the fresh air supply, which is highly recommended in the hospital, but it also maximizes daylight exposure even though you are inside. Second, as soon as I could leave my bed again, I went to the park for short walks and last every meal I had, I tried to take on the litter balcony. Did it work? Well, it's a bit difficult to say because it of course was a single case study, but from patients suffering from insomnia, so one of the most common sleep disorders, we know that light therapy is beneficial, official, and therefore, I would like to encourage all of you and perhaps especially those who might belong to the 25% suffering from sleep problems to start your own single case study.


Thank you. That was Christine Blume at TEDx Basel in 2022. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


Race the Rudders Race. The Sails race, the sail captain. An unidentified ship is approaching over Roger. Wait. Is that an enterprise sales solution? Reach sales professionals, not professional sailors. With LinkedIn ads, you can target the right people by industry job title and more. We'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Get started today at LinkedIn dot com slash results. Terms and conditions apply.


And now two pigeons. Be moaning. The fact you can choose the TV you want with DirecTV. So now they can pick out their favorite entertainment when they sign up and save money. Well, latte, duh. You mean If you like sports, you can get a sports pack. What about entertainment? Entertainment Pack? It's like finding an old pizza with only your favorite toppings, which for me would be Pineapple and toenails. Ew, pineapple Pay for the TV you want. Not the TV you don't. Visit DirecTV stream.com. Service renews monthly at the end prevailing rate unless you cancel online. New eligible customers only restrictions apply.


Imagine a toilet so striking it inspired a couture dress. That's right. Kohler's Veil's Smart Toilet In Honed Black actually inspired fashion designer Laura Kim to create a stunning black chiffon dress that debuted on the runway at New York Fashion Week. The Veil Smart Toilet with its curved design, deep rich textural color, touchscreen controls and customizable cleansing features can transform your routine into something extraordinary. That's the power of design. Design changes everything. Veil's smart. Toilet in Honed Black only from Kohler. Discover the Veil Smart Toilet and go behind the scenes of Kohler's. Partnership with creative director lauraKim@kohler.com.