
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. It is spooky season. So what better than to look deeper at the fascinating history of vampires. And I'm delighted to intro this 2024 talk because not only is it full of fun facts about vampires, it's from my friend and former colleague podcaster, Eric Newsham. It's coming up after a short break.


Support for this show comes from Mint Mobile. My daughter is actually on a Mint mobile plan. And you know when you discover a new binge-worthy TV show or a song that just becomes an earworm that you play on repeat and you have to share it with your friends? Well, that's what it feels like when I talk about Mint Mobile because we discovered as a family that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for a wait for it $15 a month when you purchase a three month plan, which is exactly what I did. Friends, don't let friends overpay for wireless. You can say goodbye to your overpriced wireless plan and switch to Mint Mobile as our family did to get this new customer offer and your new three month premium wireless plan for just $15 a month. Go to mint mobile.com/talks. That's mint mobile.com/talks. Cut your wireless bill to 15 bucks a month@mintmobile.com slash talks. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speeds slower, above 40 gigabytes on unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees, and restrictions, apply cement mint, mobile for details.


Teams with big ideas start in Jira, the only project management tool you need to plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping us in sync to deliver the big ideas our listeners love. And there's a lot more that teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key so that we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need to make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea today in Jira


Support for TED. Talks Daily comes from Aons Health Solutions. A thriving organization starts with a thriving workforce, but providing quality health and benefits today requires bold action. Aon is your ally in challenging the status quo with predictive analytics to forecast your health risks, expertise to transform insights into innovative and financially sustainable solutions and tailored strategies to meet the unique needs of your people and organization. The time for convention is over the time for better benefits decisions is now. Visit aon.com to learn more


Like TED Talks. You should check out the TED Radio hour with NPR. Stay tuned. After this Talks Odoo hear sneak peek of this week's episode


And now our TED talk of the day. We're here today to hear compelling ideas, new innovations, and thinking, science and medicine and innovative solutions to our most vexing problems in society. So they said to me, Eric, do you have anything that you can add to this compelling list of stories or in ideas, something you can talk about here on the TED stage? And I said, of course I do. And the question I want to explore with you today is why don't vampires cast reflections in mirrors? So how, you've probably seen this before in movies, the humans are suspicious of the new dark stranger, and they band together this moment of confrontation and they open up a mirror in front of them and bam, there's no reflection there proven to the humans that the new dark stranger is in fact vampire.


That's right. So where did this start? How did this happen? This idea that you can hold a mirror up to an undead creature and learn that they're a vampire? Well, we're gonna find that out. The the thing you have to keep in mind is as we look through the history of vampires that they change over time. Every culture in history has had a variation on a vampire. So they don't always call them vampires, but every culture has a version of a supernatural creature who comes back to from the dead and gains power by prey on the living. Our version of the vampire really came about in the 16th century.


It was a way to conveniently explain some misunderstandings about death and dye. Some sketchy activity happens in the village. Someone gets an idea, Hey, let's dig up Wolfgang. And they open his coffin and they find that his hair and his fingernails In his teeth, have all seemed to groan since he died. And they see some fluid around his mouth, which they mistakenly think is blood proof that vulgar is a vampire. But this is actually what happens to a body when it's decomposing, not they're un dead. Our understanding of vampires really exploded, or our lexicon for vampires really exploded in the 18th century after a rabies outbreak in Hungary and Romania.


Now, the thing to remember is when a human contracts rabies, it can take a couple weeks before symptoms start to manifest. So some really common VA vampire characteristics like an avoidance of bright lights or smart or or strong smells like garlic, an aversion to water and suddenly aggressive behavior are not signs of the undead. They are signs of rabies. But back then, they couldn't put those things together. They didn't think that the neighbor who's acting funny. Now, it wasn't because of the raccoon that bit them two weeks ago. It's because now a much more logical explanation is that they are in fact a vampire.


So most of our ideas of vampires that we all think of came about in the movies Count Dracula and Sherlock Holmes have been in a decades long battle to be the most depicted fictional character in film. It goes back and forth every couple years. But when we think of the vampire in film, there are some things that are quite iconic to us, like Nosferatu, right? Here's a, here's a fun fact for you about Nosferatu outside of it. Most people get something wrong. They think it's the first vampire movie. It was, it was the first one that was anything like approaching a hit. The fun fact I wanna share with you is that every copy of Nas Atu that any of us have ever seen is illegal bootleg the brand.


Stoker's widow sued the filmmakers for copyright infringement. She was worried that Nas Atu was gonna cut into the quite lucrative royalties from the stage version of Dracula that was being performed in the UK and the us. She won that lawsuit. And in her settlement, she demanded that every copy of the film be destroyed. Most people think they think of vampires. Think of the 1931 Todd Brownie classic starring count or starring Pego as Count Dracula. You almost can't overstate how huge a movie this was. It not only really established vampire movies, it started a vampire movie trend that last for over two decades.


It was the first mainstream hit that was a horror film. It really established horror as a genre in film and set up expectations for like even Frankenstein. It came later that same year since we've had, since this whole craze and vampires really started with Dracula. We've had so many hundreds of variations on of the vampire. We have had Samurai vampire, we have had plumber vampires, we have had vampire babies, we have had stripper vampires. We've had a vampire movie about every member of Dracula's, extended family, son of Dracula, daughter of Dracula, father of Dracula, bride of Dracula. We've even had Dracula's dog and Zoltan Pound of Dracula.


There is one definitive thing I can tell you about vampire movies, and that is vampire movies suck and, and I'm not being metaphorical here. Vampire movies are not good movies. So, so why is this, why is it that these movies don't really last very long? It's because we keep changing our idea of what terrifies us and what scares us. You know, speaking of things in common, there's one thing that vampire movies do not have in common. Does anyone wanna guess what vampire movies do not have in common Vampires? It became such a hot trend for vampire movies that people would slip the word vampire into the title, even though there wasn't a vampire in the movie.


There's multiple ones of these. The, the most notorious of these was the 1952 stinker called My Son The Vampire, which did star a late state, late career, Bella Lago. But he didn't play a vampire, and no one else in the cast did either, but they figured it would like be a big trend, get in on a big trend, and did this. So not even this happened. And now back to the episode. So I think we've established over the last several minutes that there are many colors in the vampire rainbow. So let's not get too far away from our original point.


Why don't vampires in all these bad films, bad novels, bad stories, why do none of them ever cast reflections in mirrors? I mean, they're not one but several vampire tales where the vampires are deathly scared of uncooked rice. What? Yeah, true. They, they count Von Count from Sesame Street is based off of the idea that vampires are obsessed with counting. And if they see sand or rice in the ground, they're gonna have to stop and count every grain. The sun comes up and they die. There you go. Little improvise a little bit for you right there. So now see if I can find my place back into what I'm talking about. So I If, you want the answer to why they don't cast, cast reflections and mirrors?


The answer is that there really isn't a clear answer to this question. The consensus thinking is that when you hold, it comes from the, the, the habit or, or, or something people did of holding a mirror up to a deceased person's face to see if the warm breath would fog up the mirror and If. you think about it, if someone's laying prone and you hold a mirror up to their face, what's you're gonna see in that mirror is the wall. You're not gonna see that. Therefore, no reflection in the mirror. But I think there's actually a far simpler answer than this. When you look at vampires and how they change over time, what was once terrifying and evil becomes dull and campy.


We changed the vampire to match our time. In the 1890s, Bram Stoker's Dracula, the the novel was thought to be an allegory for the end of Victorian morals. In 1931, when the Dracula, sorry, count be Lago, came out. The idea was that that represented a fear of Eastern European immigration. In the 1950s, vampire films represented a fear of communism. We morphed the vampire to match our tone. So with this, why don't vampires cast reflections in mirrors?


I think it's because the vampire is the reflection. They are a reflection of us. They are a reflection of what we fear. They are a reflection of what we consider to be unchecked power without accountability. They are our idea of the ultimate vi villain that lies almost undetectable and someone tells, someone holds a mirror up to them. All our talks today are themed around unity. The idea that when we come together, we are stronger. I would argue this not only about the things that we share in common as far as beliefs and things that we believe, but also the darker things that unite us.


When I know what you fear, when I know what goes bump in your night, perhaps I can help protect you. Perhaps we can help protect each other. There are so many vampires in the world today, but I wanna leave you with this. One thing that I see in so many vampire stories is the thing that brings about the monsters decline is when the humans who are weak and powerless individually come together and unite and they prevail. It's a concept called unity.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If? you could save some cash. Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save. When you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex A requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones, or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey, while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform, so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Eric Newsom speaking at TEDx ASEE Park in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. Katrina Spade wanted to create an eco-friendly way to bury human remains.


There was no question in my mind that we could compost humans. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. Subscribe or listen to the TED Radio Hour wherever you get your podcasts. PR.