
If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, you know, prevention is the best medicine and maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Granger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them. From disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment so you can help deliver a clean bill of health. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Aging is a natural process as we all know, and I for one, don't mind embracing it. But I will tell you one part of aging that I don't care for. It's the symptoms that stem from changing hormones, especially as you get older to perimenopause and menopause. That's why we wanna tell you about Happy Mammoths Hormone Harmony. Happy Mammoth. The company that created Hormone Harmony is dedicated to making women's lives easier, and that means using only science-backed ingredients that have been proven to work for women. They make no compromise when it comes to quality and it shows. For a limited time, you can get 15% off on your entire first order. At happy mammoth.com, just use the code Happy me at checkout.


Trust isn't just earned. It's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder, navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional, scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs across over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1. Centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster, faster, and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta not only saves you time, it can also save you money. A new IDC white paper found that Vanta customers achieve $535,000 per year-end benefits, and the platform pays for itself in just three months. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, get $1,000 off vanta@vanta.com slash TED Audio. That's VANT a.com/ TED Audio for $1,000 off.


You're listening to TED Talks Daily where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hu. My fellow readers out there might find today's talk pretty provocative. Centia, CEO Victor Rip Belly gives a 2024 talk in which he describes a future of immersive and vibrant video and audio, but not with text or reading. What does that look and feel like? He paints a picture. Your grandchildren will be the last generation to read and write. I know that sounds strange, almost unthinkable.


Text is everywhere around us. We use it hundreds of times every single day, and it's ruined into the fabric of our daily lives. But today, I'm gonna make the case that humanity's relentless pursuit of better ways to convey ideas and preserve knowledge doesn't end with text. I think we're at the dawn of a new era of AI enabled communication, and I think that future generations will slowly replace text with more intuitive forms of communication like audio, video, and eventually immersive technologies. And one day I think we'll look back at reading and writing as historical artifacts like we do with papyrus scrolls or hieroglyphs or cave paintings.


Don't get me wrong, I love reading. This is not a personal vendetta against text. Some of my fondest memories is walking around my local library back in co Copenhagen, picking out all kinds of books, mostly science fiction books, returning home to read them. So I gotta go back there again and pick out the next set of exciting books to read. I love disappearing into these worlds that were different than the physical world around me. And that, of course, only was amplified when I discovered the internet at around 10 years old, which opened up an entirely new world of ideas of music and people or the internet information was free. And I saw firsthand how technology didn't just change the distribution of content, it changed the content in itself.


The difference between a lively forum and a book is massive, right? A block and a newspaper and so on. In music, which is my big passion outside of work, I saw how software instruments and sampling and drum machines gave birth to entire new genres that have never been possible before. And not only that, but all the people around the world making new, exciting music could share with the world without the middlemen of labels. The video games I played got connected to the internet. You formed communities with people around the world that you didn't know. And that's what my parents thought at least I started my first business when I was 13 years old in World of Warcraft.


We were 50 people playing dragons together online. And I would later learn in life that it's actually not that different than running a startup. And those early years of my life sparked lifelong interest in media and technology, how they change the way that we create, consume, play, and communicate. And in 2016, I discovered a research paper called Face-to-Face by a professor Matthias Ner and his team. They built a system that using nail networks to produce really, really photo realistic video. And when I saw this for the first time, I felt like I'd seen magic. And I was convinced that in 10 years you're gonna be able to create a Hollywood film from your bedroom without needing anything else than just your imagination.


That's in three years, and I think that's actually going to hold up. I couldn't get this idea out of my mind. And eventually I ended up founding Esia, an AI video company along with Mathias and Ludi and Stefan, my co-founders. And this really was a way to kind of marry my interest in media and technology and sci-fi. We started the company with the vision of making everyone in the world into a Hollywood director. And while that's definitely still a very exciting vision, as the years kind of went on, we realized that as exciting as AI and red Hollywood films is it's only the tip of the iceberg, the really exciting potential about these technologies is that they're gonna enable every single piece of content from text messages to novels, to boring corporate training materials to be brought alive in video and audio.


But before we talk more about video, let's talk about text. Text is the original way of compression for human communication. We encode our thoughts and knowledge into symbols that can convey meaning across time and space. That hasn't always been the case. Thousands of years ago, text didn't exist, and the only way we had to share information was orally in 1500 before Christ, the first alphabet was invented and essentially took these very complex writing systems and simplified them into just a few characters laying the groundwork for the modern society that we know today. In 1440, Gutenberg invented the printing press, and for the first time in history, we could mass produce written content.


It would take until the mid 20th century before reading became something for the masses, and people slowly became literate. If you fast forward to today, text is ubiquitous and it's impossible to live a life without being able to read and write. But it's great as text is, is an imperfect technology. It's very efficient and it's very scalable, but it's a very, very lossy method of compressing information. It lacks all the nuance and additional information that we get when we speak to someone in real life. Your tone of voice, your body language, where you are, all those things matter for that message, right? Text could be interpreted a million different ways depending on the receiver, but we invented emojis to make it a little bit better.


But even emojis are not perfect. And If you think about visual communication, it's a very intuitive way of consuming information. What if I'd shared this with you instead? A text description of the image would've taken you 30 seconds to read it, the high cognitive load, to take those pieces of sim, those symbols and turn 'em into an image in your mind, right? And once we add a time dimension, as in video, this problem massively compounds. So it's not that strange that since the invention of text, we've been innovating towards richer and more intuitive ways of exchanging information. We invented radio, tv, internet, vr, social media, and now AI in 2024, it's very obvious that people wanna watch and listen.


If you look at the digital economy, TikTok is the fastest growing social network. It's also the fastest growing search engine, which is very interesting. Video and audio is everywhere in the apps that we use. We send voice notes on WhatsApp now we're on dating apps. When we shop, we watch product videos. And my thesis is that the more we consume video, the more bored we are by text. And I have to say, this is also true for me. Even though I love reading. When I learn and learn something new, I usually start on YouTube on TikTok, listen to a podcast, and only if I'm really, really invested in something, I'll take the hours outta my day to read a 200 page book. It just doesn't feel that much like it's worth it anymore.


And for a lot of you, you probably feel the same. Do you wanna learn music theory from a long book or from a video on YouTube that has audio? Do you wanna listen to the news on a podcast on the way to work or fold out this physical piece of paper somewhere? Most people feel like this, but we all have this guilt. I have, at least I feel guilty when I watch videos and I listen to podcasts instead of picking up a good old fashioned book. And you hear the commentary on this, young people are unable to focus anymore. They need constant dopamine hits from cheap content that they scroll through on their social media apps. They don't get outside their room anymore, right? Exactly the same thing parents have been saying for 200 years.


I have a prerogative idea. What if we're all just tired of overly dense, slow information books with too many pages, newspaper articles with filler? What if we become much more sensitive to the quality and the conciseness of the content that we consume because we now have infinite choice? What if the current generation of kids are able to learn and absorb information much faster because of technology, not despite it. It's the problem us or it's the problem text. We still read a lot, right? We just read for many different sources every single day, not just a book and a newspaper. Read our messaging apps and our social media networks and our blog.


Listen to long form podcasts. It's very growing, right? But we still have this idea that books are morally superior in some sense. And even though I'm giving you this talk, I still very much feel it. I don't know why that is. I'll let someone else do the research on that. But it's definitely very interesting how we psychologically attribute more value to the written word. So why is so much information still text? If you really prefer video? It's pretty simple. The answer is cost. Cost and time and cost and money. Today we have to pick between the speed and scale of text or the accuracy and engagement of video content. And so there's this underlying economic incentive where only the content and the ideas and the knowledge be deem important enough gets converted into video and audio formats.


And so in the entertainment industry, this means that we get fast and furious 278 rather than Avantgarde cinema from film students In the corporate world, this means that the Super Bowl ad is a video, but the fire safety video is a long boring document. And this is about to change in a big, big way. AI will change that equa equation completely. With ai, we can get both speed, scale, accuracy, and engagement. AI can create highly photo realistic content digitally. Computers can learn what the world looks like and they can replicate it and remix it in amazing details. This is gonna usher a new wave of creativity, and it's not gonna be driven by Hollywood.


It's gonna be driven by YouTubers and young people with great ideas who'll take these tools and tell amazing stories. As in this year, we focus on AI avatars, digital humans that sound and look like us. They can even be us. If you make a clone of yourself. Today, our avatars already interact with millions of people every single day. They teach school subjects, they onboard restaurant workers, provide health guidance and sell products in more than 130 different languages. And they're getting really good very soon they'll be very difficult to distinguish from reality. So with these technologies, we can create anything without the need for cameras. We can bring our imaginations to life without the traditional barriers of skill and and cost.


But what's more exciting about all these new technologies is that they're gonna make it extremely easy for anyone to create content. We've already seen how keyboards and computers turn all of us into writers. We've seen how PowerPoint turned all of us into designers. And with ai, everyone is gonna be able to be a director producing Hollywood grade video without needing any training at all. At some visa, we've already turned more than a million people into video creators, and it's really fun to see all the things people make videos about, but they don't have to ask their boss because they can just log on and make the videos themselves. Why do people make videos? It's not a very well researched area yet, but we've been working with UCL in London to figure out how do we learn differently with video and AI video versus text.


We did a study with 400 participants. It's still ongoing. We plan to publish the results sometime next year. But there's some really interesting initial findings when you just ask people, do you prefer to learn with ai, video or text? The results are pretty astonishing. 77% of people prefer to learn through radio so fast and easier. Consecration will be transformative. But with new technologies, we always invent new media formats. And right now, most AI general content is what I call a bridge genre. Using it to create old formats with new technologies. Just like the first newspapers, sorry, the first websites look like newspapers on a screen.


AI videos today are linear. They have a beginning and an end. They essentially emulate what we can record with a physical camera. Once we combine AI video with reasoning systems like language models, we're gonna unlock an entirely new type of media that's gonna be interactive and personalized. It's gonna be able to think and narrat array and personalize content for us. If you're learning music theory, you'll have an assistant that knows your skill level, knows your taste in music, I'll build a curriculum around that. All of your kids, they will have their favorite celebrities teaching them math in school, And they'll do it in a context that's interesting for your kid.


Maybe that's soccer or sci-fi or whatever. Education is gonna be supercharged with these new AI systems. Entertainment is gonna change. It's gonna be shaped by the viewers and by the world around. It'll probably have interactive films. We'll have TV series that never end. It sounds weird, but in many ways this is what a social media feed is, right? It's just an endless story. Your TikTok feed is also an endless stream of personalized content just for you. And when we combine this with new form factors like ar, vr, brain computer interfaces, media is increasingly gonna appear like real life.


Maybe we'll be transmitting messages to our friends just via thought in the future. And our inbox is not gonna be text. It's gonna be videos of all your friends and your relatives. AI avatars talking to you. It sounds weird, but I don't think it's that far off. And I promise you that your fire safety video at work will be a Spielberg masterpiece, the not so distant future. These technologies open up a Pandora box of questions as ethical questions, political questions with design questions. And there's commercial questions. I'll leave you with a few provocative questions. Do you care if our content is AI generated or not?


Do you care when a film uses special effects or green screen? Do we care that actors in commercials are paid to play someone else and endorse products that they've probably never heard of? Do we care if actors are real or generated? Are you a fan of Harry Potter or Daniel Radcliffe? Does it matter that Daniel Radcliffe exists in the real world? You'll never meet him probably, right? What about Mickey Mouse or Pixar characters? Can we feel something for them despite them being AI generated? Will we trust AI agents? Or do you still wanna call the call center to speak to a human?


Can we be entertained by computers interacting with each other? Would you wanna play computers, play soccer or play chess against each other? Maybe not. The future is ahead of us. And while a lot of this sounds like sci-fi, it really isn't that far off and it's up to all of us in this room and society to make sure that we build a really awesome future. I think we have the technologies and I think we have the people to do it. Thank you. That was Victor Ripper Belly at TED AI Vienna in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines.


And that's it for today's show. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, Lucy, little Alejandra Salazar, and Tanika SanMar Nivo. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bezo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feed. Thanks for listening.


Hey, it's Mark Marin from WTF Here to let you know that this podcast is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. And I'm sure the reason you're listening to this podcast right now is because you chose it. Well choose Progressive's name your price tool, and you could find insurance options that fit your budget so you can pick the best one for your situation. Who doesn't like choice? Try it@progressive.com. And now some legal info. Progressive Casualty Insurance company and affiliates. Price and coverage match. Limited by state law, not available in all states.


Welcome to Peloton, where change is a six letter word that starts with you. But don't just be the change you wish to see. Work at it, run at it, lift at it, and even keep at it. With Pelotons All Access membership, you don't ever have to dip out on a workout unless you're squatting. Track your progress, set pace targets, and if you're ready to lift, download the Peloton Strength Plus app. Okay, this Is the fun part. This is fitness but personal. So see you on the Peloton tread@onepeloton.com. Find your push, find your power Peloton.


This episode is brought to you by Missouri. Missouri does find jewelry differently. They're all about buying for yourself where you decide the occasion, everything is handcrafted with quality, craftsmanship, and responsible sourcing in mind. So these are pieces you can feel good about in more ways than one. Plus. There are so many designs you can mix and match to create a stack for every look. Shop, in store, in app, or online@missouri.com today.