
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh. Why do problems like poverty and pollution persist? Especially when the world is getting richer and more developed? Sustainability expert, Gaia Harrington shares eye-opening analysis to explain the why and after the break, she shares what needs to be done to shape the world we want to live in.


If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple. Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple Card owners subject to eligibility, Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Teams with big ideas start in Jira. The only project management tool you need to plan and track work across any team. Jira even helps our team here at TED keeping us in sync to deliver the big ideas our listeners love. And there's a lot more that teams will love about Jira. It keeps cross-functional tasks organized with a project's timeline that's always really key so that we make our deadlines and cross-functional teams like TED. Working in one tool gives leaders the important visibility they need to make better business decisions. Get started on your next big idea. Today in Jira,


are your digital operations a well-oiled machine or a tangled mess? Is your customer experience breaking through or breaking down? It's time for an operations intervention. If, you need to consolidate software and reduce costs. If you need to mitigate risk and build resilience and If. you need to speed up your pace of innovation. The PagerDuty Operations Cloud is the essential platform for operating as a modern digital business. Get started@pagerduty.com.


Like TED Talks, you should check out the TED radio hour with NPR. Stay tuned. After this Talks Odoo hear a sneak peek of this week's episode And now our TED talk of the day. Let's contemplate the word enough because I think it'll play an important role going forward. When I watch the news or scroll my feeds, I keep coming back to the same questions. Why? Despite all our knowledge and innovation, do problems like poverty and pollution keep plaguing humanity. Why? Despite astonishing advances in renewable energy and resource efficiency is fossil fuel used at an all time high, as is our global ecological footprint.


And why? Despite being responsible for the main part of that footprint, have rich countries been experiencing stagnating, if not decreasing wellbeing? I'm a sustainability researcher with a background in econometrics, and I believe the answer lies in the fact that solving poverty, caring for nature, or fostering wellbeing is not the ultimate goal of our current economic system. Its goal is growth. Many take this for granted, but growth wasn't considered a moral goal for most of history. It was only officially measured around the middle of last century.


Through GDP, it then shifted into the core of our economic thinking, and from there into policymaking and our collective psyche growth became synonymous with progress. Things went fast after that. Extinction rates went up, resource use and waste exploded. Some warned early on about the dangers of exponential growth on a finite planet. In 1972, a team of MIT scientists created a first of its kind world model consisting of over 200 interconnected variables.


With it, they analyzed a question I mentioned earlier by problems like poverty and pollution persist. They published a book under findings called The Limits to Growth, in which they warned that continuing the business as usual growth pursuit would lead to societal breakdown. Setting in around now breakdown doesn't mean the end of humanity, but a steep decline in wellbeing. Nonetheless, the book was a bestseller, but you may have never heard of it. The authors were delighted as doomsayers and their message over time, buried a few years back.


I compared. There are now decades old projections with what's happened since I found empirical data act closely a lighting with the model's business as usual scenario, which shows growth grinding to a halt around 2040 or so, followed by steep declines in things like food production and wellbeing. My analysis also revealed that this breakdown could be avoided by letting go of the growth pursuit and redirecting resources to meet human needs and protect nature directly. This indicates that what we do in the next few years will determine our wellbeing for the rest of this century, and this now or never moment in history is up to us.


Technology by itself will not save us despite aspirational talks of decoupling. The idea that the economy can grow without resource use and pollution growing along with it, there's no decoupling, certainly not for a full impact on the earth. Raw materials consumption has been around 1.2 kilograms per dollar GDP for two decades, while biodiversity loss, water scarcity, plastic pollution are all worsening. But even just considering carbon emissions, which per dollar GDP have decreased sufficient absolute decoupling, which is what we'd need, is nowhere in the data.


Our choice isn't whether to keep growing or not. It's whether the end of growth will come by design or disaster. Either we choose our own limits or will have them forced upon us. Now that humankind has reached global unparalleled power limits to growth, confront us with a question we've never faced before. Who do we want to be and what world do we want to live in? Here's where enough comes in. If I were to describe the montour you need in a 21st century with one word, it would be enough.


Enough as in no more. This is the limit. Say a planetary boundary and enough as insufficient juxtaposing it to this exhausting grind forevermore and instead invoking a notion of sharing as in enough for each. I believe the only realistic plan to avoid breakdown and maintain global wellbeing lies in this mindset shift from never enough to enough for each change the goal of our economic system from growth to human and ecological wellbeing, a wellbeing economy.


What would that look like? We have an idea because we already pretend that's what we have. No vision statement reads a world where growth perpetuates at all cost indefinitely. It talks about how this organization contributes to society because that's what we feel it should do in a wellbeing economy. Business activities, government policies and citizen behavior are aimed at meeting our physical, social, and spiritual needs with planetary boundaries. It doesn't mean we're anti-growth, it just means we're more selective about it. We differentiate between what should and should not grow depending on whether it contributes to wellbeing.


This implies different pathways towards a wellbeing economy For low and high income countries at small material footprints, growth more often correlates with wellbeing including through poverty reduction. So poorer countries below their share of earth scaring capacity may still need green growth, economic expansion driven by clean technologies in richer countries. What has decoupled from growth is happiness. So they can and should focus on reducing ecological footprints to sustainable levels while safeguarding everyone's livelihood by sharing more equally.


Lemme stress because I hear this misconception a lot. Decentering growth doesn't mean shrinking the economy until it crashes. It means reducing our environmental impact to within a safe operating space for life as we know it. That's not going back to a poorer past that's changing the forward direction away from a cliff. We'll still have houses with fridges, good schools, healthcare, profitable businesses. We'll go to jobs and parties, but social norms and economic dynamics will change. We'll redefine what has value or what work we call productive with our needs.


Securely met this trade off between social and environmental benefits, which we often take as given dissolves. Sharing more equally means less income and wealth inequality, improving social cohesion and reducing wasteful conspicuous consumption. Efficiency gains are used to work less instead of produce more by not pursuing growth at all costs, we can avoid a lot of costs, like all the expenditure on healthcare and cleanups due to pollution. Moving to a post growth society isn't choosing permanent recession. It's flexing our free will to change our notion of prosperity from evermore to better.


And Now back to the episode. How probable is this economic transformation? It's feasible. That's half the answer. We know what promotes wellbeing in. In fact, policies like zero tolerance on child poverty or GDP alternatives are exchanged already in rico, a partnership of self-proclaimed wellbeing governments. Dozens of cities are piloting post growth frameworks to operate within explicit social and environmental boundaries with practices like universal basic incomes. I love how companies that put people on planet legally above profit generate billions each year.


How communities are taking back stewardship of their commons with co-ops in renewable energy, water or food, or how recent experiments with shorter work weeks for the same pay were so successful that most of those companies made it permanent. We also have the technological capabilities, which will be pivotal once directed towards the right goal. This redirection is indispensable, but of course, I'm regularly told the techno optimist argument that it's not, and I always respond. Let's say we could replace the dying bee colonies with robot pollinators.


Why do that? If we can also advance regenerative agriculture, which doesn't cause insecticide, why dedicate our innovative powers to tree planting drones when we can also use that thinking to redesign our economy so that existing forest isn't cut down? And that brings me to the other half of the answer to how probable a wellbeing economy is. It's promise we'd have less stuff, but more of what we need. Connection, maintaining a sense of community and purposes heart in this current economic system which treats us as selfish, never satisfied consumers.


Research shows we're not just capable of caring for life. We'd derive joy and meaning from it. We can't be truly happy unless those around us thrive too. This economic transformation wouldn't be a capitulation to grim necessity. We'd want to do it even if we were not facing ecosystem collapse because a wellbeing economy fits much better who we want to be and the world we long to live in. So we started with these global problems and found that changing our economic system is imperative, but also feasible and no sacrifice, but simply letting go of what's no longer serving us to find belonging in a post growth world of embraced interdependence.


If that sounds spiritual, that's what a wellbeing economy delivers. Physical sufficiency, social abundance, and spiritual wealth, including the peace of mind that this prosperity can last. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. Do you ever think about switching insurance companies to see If? you could save some cash. Progressive makes it easy to see If you could save when you bundle your home and auto policies. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates. Potential savings will vary not available in all states.


Support for this show comes from Canva. We spend a lot of our lives at work. It's time to find ways to enjoy it. Canva makes work more visual, more productive, and dare we say it more fun. With Canva, you can design captivating presentations, docs, whiteboards, and videos. Wow your audience and achieve your goals. Whatever department you work in, Canva makes you and your work look good. No design experience needed. You'll love what you can easily design with Canva. And so will everyone else love your work@canva.com.


That was Gaia Harrington at Ted's countdown, Bloomberg Green Festival in 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening.


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money. See why@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual life Insurance Company, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.


On the TED Radio Hour comedian, Reggie Watts is a musical improv master. Now because this is looping, it gives me time to think about what I want to do next, But it's not just on stage. He applies improv to every decision he makes. So we're constantly In his gigantic your own adventure Ideas about how we approach life. That's next time on the TED Radio Hour from NPR. Subscribe or listen to the TED Radio Hour, wherever you get your podcasts. PRX.