
TED Audio Collective You are listening to TED Talks Daily, where we bring you new ideas to spark your curiosity every day. I'm your host, Elise Hugh, A challenge for you today. Listeners, marriage and family therapist, Stephanie Yates. Anya Bule says We should actually reject everything we know about relationships and that doing this will be freeing and can be the key to having a great relationship. If this sounds counterintuitive, she will make sense of it in her 2024 talk after the


break. Support for the show comes from Capital One Banking with Capital One helps you keep more money in your wallet with no fees or minimums on checking accounts and no overdraft fees. Just, ask the Capital One bank guy. It's pretty much all he talks about. In a good way. He'd also tell you that this podcast is his favorite podcast too. Oh really. Thanks. Capital One, Bank guy. What's in your wallet terms? Apply See Capital One dot com slash bank. Capital One na member FDIC,


TED Talks Daily is brought to you by Northwestern Mutual. Like our listeners, Northwestern Mutual Financial Advisors believe in the power of a good talk. They're known for having better conversations that get to the heart of your unique goals. They have access to Northwestern Mutual's exclusive portfolio of financial solutions designed to better meet you where you are. And independent research shows their comprehensive planning approach can lead to better outcomes for you and your family. It's a better way to money cy@northwesternmutual.com slash TED. The Northwestern Mutual life Insurance company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin


Support comes from Zuckerman Spader through nearly five decades of taking on high stakes legal matters, Zuckerman Spader is recognized nationally as a premier litigation and investigations firm. Their lawyers routinely represent individuals, organizations, and law firms in business disputes, government and internal investigations, and at trial when the lawyer you choose matters most online@zuckerman.com.


My name is Graham Isador. I have a progressive eye disease called keratoconus, and being, I'm losing my vision has been hard, but explaining to other people has been harder lately. I've been trying to talk about it. Shortsighted is an attempt to explain what vision loss feels like by exploring how it sounds, by sharing my story. We get into all the things you don't see about hidden disabilities shortsighted from CBC's, personally available now


And now. Our TED talk of the day. I'm a couple's therapist and an absolute romance theme. I'm talking about everything from the notebook to twilight to a show some of you may remember called The Flavor of Love. It's a reality competition show where the prize was. The love of Flava Flav. I think about relationships a lot and something that comes up a lot of my work is this belief that relationships are hard and we believe that due to one primary reason our metric of success is based on what we've seen everyone else do. Imagine how you would honestly feel If.


you heard the following about another couple. Okay. I said honestly. Okay. I heard they don't even sleep in the same bed anymore. They claim they never wanna get married. I don't think they ever plan to live together. Would you think to yourself, it sounds like they have some serious issues. If we're honest, a lot of us would, and it's not because we're not open-minded, but we've been taught that these are warning signs for a relationship and trouble. And while they can be for a lot of people, that is not always the case. Relationship experts have found that one of the primary obstacles that couples face are their own expectations.


When we compare ourselves to societal norms, we can develop a sense of resentment toward our partner as well as a sense of shame for how we ourselves are coming up short. Now, before we really get into this, I have to say that some of us have to reckon with the fact that we may be with the wrong person, and that will be clear. If your deepest desire is that your partner change of fundamental aspects of who they are, you really want them to be a different person. But if you're confident that you're with the right person and you just still feel frustrated and dissatisfied, we may find that rejecting everything we've known about good relationships is the key to actually having one.


I work with couples every day and I help them through relational crises. I remember I was working with an engaged couple for about a year, and when they first came to me, they said, we're 95% good. We just wanna address the 5%. And I hear something to this effect often. When I first meet a couple, it turns out that 5% was more like 75% and increasing. They were struggling to make a blended family work. One partner had kids, the other one had never lived with kids before, and they moved in together after only knowing each other for three months.


One time I went on vacation and by the time I got back they'd called off their wedding. But why? Their love was honestly, it was evident and they were not cruel to each other. Their issue was figuring out how to continue building their romantic relationship while also figuring out how to raise teenagers who, to be honest, already had two very involved parents. They weren't really in need of a third. After a particularly big blowup over chores and responsibilities, I finally asked a dangerous question. I said, do you think that living together has hurt or helped your relationship more?


We took a few weeks to explore that question and they decided to test it out. They got a short-term lease on an apartment nearby for the partner who didn't have kids, and we were really strategic. We made a contract. Let's talk about dates, let's talk about expectations while you guys are living separately. And by the time they came back to me, I'd never seen them communicate so well. They said that they were looking forward to every weekend that they got to spend together. It felt like a vacation because they would spend the entire week planning their time together and savoring every moment they had together. And they also found that their individual relationships with the kids drastically improved without the pressure of trying to transition them into an entirely new household dynamic, especially when they only had a couple years left in the house.


So at this point, some of you may be asking yourselves, what kind of couples therapists recommends that couples live apart? That's a fair question. And to be honest, for a majority of my clients, this solution would not work. And that is the point. When we're thinking about our relationships, we have to avoid focusing on what is normal. There's no such thing as normal when we're talking about two unique individuals with their own backgrounds and their own values. For this particular couple, they had to figure out a way to separate their romantic relationship from what really boiled down to roommate issues, and they had a circumstance that supported the option to live apart.


And now back to the episode one conflict that comes up a lot of my work is the difference in values between arriving on time and arriving looking and feeling your best. Neither one is wrong, but I had a great model for this with my parents when I was growing up. We drove absolutely everywhere. Separately everywhere. You know, if you're gonna be a little bit late, you arrive with my mom, and if you're arriving on time, you go with my dad. They had too many vans for only two kids, okay? We didn't go anywhere together. And one time when I was about 12 years old, one of my closest friends finally worked up the courage to ask me about it, and I could tell she was so nervous, like I was about to reveal to her that my parents were secretly separated and she just figured it out.


You know, now that I think about it, I bet her mom put her up to this. What's interesting is that her parents did go on to get divorced, and my parents stayed together for 23 years before my mom passed away. Now, do I think that's due to them commuting separately? Of course not, but I think it shows us two things. First, it shows us that any deviation from the norm can be met with curiosity and even judgment. It also shows us that sometimes when we decide to do things a little differently, we can avoid the difference between having a really challenging day as a couple or a smooth day by simply accepting our differences, not as a couple, but as individuals instead of trying to change our partners.


What if we instead embraced their differences, our difference in values, and release the pressure of doing what everyone else is doing? It's okay to be a stay at home dad. It's okay. If. You prefer to travel without each other. It's If. you need to have your own bedrooms so you can maintain personal space and be sane for each other. It's okay, If. you wanna break tradition and create a new last name? It's okay. If, you want to share your love on social media, but it's also okay. If, you wanna protect it from public opinion. It's okay if you're in a season of life where you both just cannot prioritize sex.


It's okay if people are confused about your relationship, it was never theirs to understand in the first place. If we continue to accept the narrative that relationships are hard, then we'll continue to do nothing about it. If our relationships feel hard, I encourage us to reflect on what is hard about it. Is it really the relationship or is it external factors like our own personal trauma histories or work stress? If it really is your relationship, let's really think about what you and your partner are willing to do differently to enjoy it.


Again, I want us to reject everything we've ever known about relationships and challenge ourselves to create a relationship that not only defies expectations, but honors the peculiarities that make us us. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Progressive Insurance. You chose to hit play on this podcast today. Smart choice. Make another smart choice with auto quote explorer to compare rates from multiple car insurance companies all at once. Try it@progressive.com. Progressive casualty insurance company and affiliates not available in all states or situations. Prices vary based on how you buy.


Something about the way we're working just isn't working. When you're caught up in complex pay requirements or distracted by scheduling staff in multiple time zones or thinking about the complexity of working in Monterey while based in Montreal, you're not doing the work you're meant to to do. But with Dayforce, you get hr, pay time, talent, and analytics all in one global people platform so you can do the work you're meant to do. Visit dayforce.com/do the work to learn more.


That was Stephanie Yates. Anya Boule speaking at TED next 2024. If you're curious about Ted's curation, find out more at TED dot com slash curation guidelines. And that's it for today. TED Talks Daily is part of the TED Audio Collective. This episode was produced and edited by our team, Martha Esnos, Oliver Friedman, Brian Green, autumn Thompson, and Alejandra Salazar. It was mixed by Christopher Fay Bogan. Additional support from Emma Toner and Daniella Bazo. I'm Elise Hugh. I'll be back tomorrow with a fresh idea for your feet. Thanks for listening. PRX.