
With HubSpot marketing has never been easier. Create content fast, get better leads and crush reporting all in one place. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to see how companies like yours are generating 110% more leads in just 12 months.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase. Plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is that applying is quick and easy. Apply in the Wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs, bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


So Listener, this is the portion of our show called The Cold Open. And so Why isn't it called a hot Open? Well, because it originated back in the old country. Jesus. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With refrigerator boxes you used to Welcome to an old news mar. Smart. Smart. Less, smart, less. Do you guys sleep with the room blacked out or the shades open? That's my opening topic.


Oh, hang on, will Sean's got some material. Go ahead, Sean. What should we say? Yeah, what is it? I don't have material. Should we say? No, I don't. Do you? No. I can't sleep with, I have to sleep with them open because I can Still rolling. Go back to one. I have to sleep with them open because I can't wake up when it's pitch black. It makes me really depressed. Okay. Okay. I mean, this is, I had a payday candy bar yesterday. This is, Hang on a second. This is a second. A second, second, second bit. He didn't wanna lead with this one 'cause it's not as strong as the first one. One subject at a time. Shun. And now are you checking these off every time you hit one of these? 'cause I know you wrote these down. No, They're in the back of my head. But, But truly about the blackout thing.


Yeah. That is something that my wife really prefers. She likes to have total blackout in the room when she goes to sleep. She says she can't sleep with, with, with light in the room. And I'm still trying to figure out how she's been able to sleep with her eyes open all these years. Wow. Right. I mean, if your eyes are closed, no. If your eyes are closed, you don't need blackout curtains. That's what I'm saying. Your eyes are closed. Yeah. And, and your eyeballs roll up behind in the back of your head when you're sleeping too. Right. And but, but the thing is, I can't but more than that, I don't wanna wake up when it's like, I don't know what time it is then. Yeah, Exactly. It's real coy to wake up in a blackout room.


It is Really coy. Yeah, I agree. I mean, we used to go to sleep as, as human beings when it got dark out and we'd go to sleep appropriately at that time because there was no light. And then we'd wake up when it got light out. Yeah. And you kind of peak your eyes open. Is there, is there light outside? Yeah. No. Yeah. It's kind of nice. It is nice to look out the window and see that the day's out there. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. It gets You going. I'm an early, I'm a super early riser, as you guys know. And I like to go to bed early too, if I So how has that been when you've, you've now moved over there to New York to do your film, which by the way, I, I was thinking the other day. I'm a I'm a real shit heel for not having reached out to you and asked you how things are going thus far.


'cause you're right in the middle of prep, you're a couple of weeks, weeks out from shooting. Yeah. And done The little thing. I love that. So lemme just ask you publicly, how is it going? How are you feeling? Are you excited? Are you nervous? Are you No, I'm Pumped. I'm really, yeah, I'm really excited. It's been, it's been good. Prep has been excellent. It's been really, really good. And yeah, we're right in the thick of it right now. And that's, Can you tell us a couple of your credits be before this starts? Of course. Yeah. And are you acting in this? Are you producing it? Are you directing it? Are you, let Me go back through. So some of my credits as self, These are the talk shows. Talk shows, Access, Hollywood Entertainment Tonight. Appearances. Formerly known as Jimmy Kimmel Alive.


And so those are their own. And then Jimmy Kibble. Okay, got it. Also separate. Gotta, So this is, so this is your big debut. Any scripted stuff, You know what, you know, you know, I was looking at, at Talk Show appearances and I was recently, and I was like, I think I've done like very, all the different iterations of Conan's show. I think a total of like, close to 30 times. Same with Kimmel. I think I've done That's a lot Letterman like six times. I think like it's a lot of appearances on those shows. It's a lot Of stories. I'm loving being in New York though, so much. It's been really, that part of it has been amazing.


Will Will, will has something prepared. Go ahead. Will. What's, what about New York that you're, And and I'm just saying if, if you find yourself in Midtown and you're looking for some men's fashion, Sorry, you're thinking maybe New York might be a fit for you once again in your life to live a little bit more full-time there. Yeah. As you guys both know, I, I lived here full-time for over 20 years. Yes. And then moved out to LA and the kids were, the bigger kids were little. And it just worked out that, that was really convenient. And they like school out there and they still do. So my older kids are in high school in la You just thinking maybe when they're done you can maybe Yeah, I'm Gonna do a little because God knows where they're gonna go.


I'm gonna split some time. Exactly. God knows where they're gonna go. And so I'm gonna start to split my time a little bit between the east coast and LA and the East coast. Start to feather it in and then in a few years, feather Or is Feather or is like you say Braid it, braid it, braid it, yeah. Yeah. And then eventually Zip it in. Go, go full, full-time East Coast and back here in New York. I, I really like it. And you know. That's great. My guest today appears in pretty much everything. Good. You've seen on a small big screen in the last 20 years. No. Stranger to the podcast Space. Try to sound sincere. Start from the top Again. I love this person. Okay. My guest today appears in pretty much everything.


Good. You've seen period. No Stranger to the podcast space. Where did will go? He's tying his shoes or something. Oh, I dropped something. He's co-hosted one about the band U2 as well as a separate one about REM. His last name is also a first name. And he once claimed he can't live without protein bars or a water flosser. Jason today he stars in one of the most anticipated second seasons of a show ever. Something I love, I love him in everything. But this one I really love that show is called Severance. And his name Adam Scott. Brilliant. Adam Scott. Adam Scott. Hey Adam. Oh My Goodness. Hi guys. This is very long overdue. I know, by the way, this is ridiculously long overdue.


Can I just ask, can I just ask, is it too late to jump in on that blackout curtains or do black? No, no. Please get it. We know you're a classic vampire. Let's hear it. No, I have no stance. I don't give a shit at Really. Okay. What about Naomi Opener? Good Opener. What does Naomi like her sort of her, her her bedroom lighting up. By the way, Adam, you don't have to tell Jason what your wife prefers sleep-wise. Right. Thank you. Well, okay. Just feel free to say fuck off. Okay, go Ahead. Jesus Christ. But well, okay. Just tell me what she sleeps in. I, no, I blackout curtains in like a hotel. I can never wake up with the blackout curtains. But at home, you know, for some reason they don't really have the effect.


And that was about as interesting as, as it got. So wait, so you are using blackout curtains in your, in your home? No. You we do have, we do have blackout curtains now that you mention it. Yes. But I, you know, I'm always up early, you know, aren't you, you have kids, you're up Early. This black out curtains don't even matter. Amanda. Amanda got up early this morning 'cause she went to a workout class with our eldest, kind of a cute mother-daughter thing. But anyway, so she's up early before I'm getting up. And I was reminded once again, she's a real heavy walker. She sure she's, she doesn't roll the heel to the toe.


It's just, it's almost like she's got no flexibility in her achilles tendon. So she's just jamming the peg of heel down Achilles. And she, she pops the light switches. Do you know how you can turn on a light switch so it makes no sound? Oh yeah. She's never heard it just whack. Whack. Um-huh. She'll brush her teeth and shake out all the supplements from the bottles and stuff from the bathroom. It's like, what is going on? It sounds like she wants you to wake up. Exactly. How about a nice little reach over and just a gentle rocking would be nice. You know, JB it also sounds like you are intolerable as a person. I felt tough to live with. It's Fucking, because all this time I thought Amanda was the problem.


I agreed with you over the years. I agree that she talks a lot and she talks how to turn. She grabs everybody and whispers in their ear all she's got a, She's Always confiding in people. Yes. Talk All Day. You know, she does it. She grabs me. She pulls you to the side to Totally. Yeah. So she does. I love that. Oh, Adam spelled that phone down the hole himself. But now I realize you are the problem. It's not her. She's an angel. Now you realize, as you would say, a sweet angel. Yeah. Sweet baby angel. Yeah. No, I'm, it's you. I've got plenty of quirks. Yeah. Fuck. Ah, Adam, welcome, Welcome Adam. Thank you. Thanks you guys. So I was late. No, by the way. Sorry I was late. No, by the way, the, you know, By the way, all the, you guys were, there was a whole flurry of activity around you being what, seven minutes late?


It's actually Impressive. No, it's just unusual If you're 60 seconds late to this thing. Oh yeah. One of us will get after you, you know? Yeah. Will, will, will, will. And I have wrecked each other's days. We have at least a half a dozen times We're like, we're like legit mad at each other and have to have a follow up phone call four hours later and make up Because of like a four minute. Yeah. There's like, there's, there's like 10 minutes of vibe throughout the, throughout the starting interview. Oh, you're mad at me 'cause I'm late. Well, I've fucking You Didn't want check your connection before the start of the recording. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. It gets Real. You know how brothers kiss. Sure. You know, you know how that happens. Anyway, sorry, Adam, welcome Adam to show Thank you for being here.


And I thanks for Having me guys. Yeah. And I'm glad you're my guest because I, as you know, You know, I'm a know, I'm glad you're his guest too, to a degree. But I saw the ads for and I loved Severance. I haven't watched, I love severance season one. So good. First of all, outta the gate, you're fucking severance. Adam. Severance severance one. So good. Thanks. Love it. Love it, love it. And I saw an ad for season two. I don't know if it was on, maybe it was on live something. And I saw an ad and I thought, how have we not had Adam on the show yet? And look, Here we are. Here we are. We're Sean's fault. Sean hasn't been Able to talk him. That was, that was three days ago. I thought I I went through that thought process. You only, Only three days Sean Finally booked me.


I Know. That's what And then Adam, Adam, we don't need to mention the product, but did I hear your voice on a campaign a couple of days ago on tv? Yeah. Maybe. Are you doing any voiceover work for a, for a Financial? You can Mention, you can mention what is it? Tax Act. Yeah, tax Act. Act. You have a very pleasant voice By the way. That's the, my first time delving into that kind of, and it is the best. Yeah. It's like morons could do it. Isn't that right? Will. Right Will. Hey, will, oh Will like my Screen froze. Sorry. Yeah. That's what happens when you're a robot. You glitch out every once in a while. Go what? Give us a professional grade. You Fucking, I'm not gonna give it away for free.


Listen, my friends over at GMC MC, they make a product That's made here, this American made. And if you like a truck, Right? But you've been doing it like at home for like, you, you, you know, you've been, well, you know exactly what you're doing here. Like this is what you've been doing for a long time. Oh Yeah. Yes. That that is true. It's the best. Ask him what his favorite microphone is in the best cans to wear. Look, do you wanna see something? This is, yeah. Do you have a different mic? Depending on Oh, Different. It's in a Look at that in a beautiful quilted box. Ew. Nobody cares about your micro in a Box, A mahogany it Box wrapped up like a precious dildo.


Are you, are you Kidding? It does look, look like that. This is, This is an old school microphone. It is the fucking Cadillac of microphones. This is a or it's a, you know, a Yukon XL Denali of microphones. There You go. There you go. It's, it's the Neuman U 87. This microphone is is the made in Germany. I do keep it in this box at all times. Germany. We all know Germany. That's where all the good mics come from. Yeah, It is true. Everybody knows that. Yep. It Is true. So Nobody knows that. So Adam, So Yeah, yeah. Adam, go ahead Sean, if you wanted to ask you Go Ahead. I just wanted to say, I wanted to say one thing and then I wanted to ask you something which was, and I'm sure you know this, but I was doing my play Goodnight Oscar in Chicago with Tremmel Tillman.


Yes. And Remmel said, This is a performance God. Oh, Mr. Oscar come to life. I'm too, I'm gonna do it in Italy now. Sorry Adam. This is, this is a great, sorry, we're record in a couple of minutes. Anyway, so Jmel comes to rehearsal and he is like, Hey, you got, y'all gotta check out my show Severance on Apple.


And I was like, oh God, it's homework. I gotta watch another friend's show. Right. And then, So I go home and watch. I couldn't take my eyes off. I was like, this is the best. And then I, every night at the show I was like, oh my God, I'm in a show with a guy from Severance is incredible. So good. Holy, He's milk check. Holy for anybody who doesn't know which now his nickname is Milkshake. Yeah, milkshake. Yeah. Which is great. But I wanna just talk to you about Severance and get that outta the way because I love it. What, because when Ben Stiller was on the show, he, I think, I might get this wrong, but he said when he read the script, it was almost, he thought it was supposed to be a comedy or something. Is that right? Because there's comedy elements in it, but it's a tone like you've never seen before, which is so hard to achieve.


Did you get that from reading it? Well, I think that he was sort of thinking a a, a way into it would be like the workplace comedy that we've all sort of grown accustomed to as kind of its own genre. Yeah. And he thought that could be a way in for audiences, like see these people working with their like banter and all of that, except none of them know who they are or what they're doing. Right. Yeah. And sort of that sort of the, the, the way in, I think that's, and part of the reason he thought of me is 'cause I've, you know, been in workplace Right. Comics. Well I was gonna say, so as you, as we all know, you were on Parks and Rec for many years, which is Thank You.


Thanks. Yeah. Thanks Jason. Applauding. That's fine. I started it down here just under camera. I see. Okay. Thank you. Okay, please. No, Well, he's like saving the park, send the recreate. So, so, but it is funny, you know, I Love that he's in the back of the theater. Oh yeah, Yeah. But it also speaks to the size of the, the, the just the, the breadth of this, this theater that you're in. Yeah. See, but yeah, you did, you did a very, a really great, very popular workplace comedy.


And then you have to kinda shift gears. I mean, that one is a bunch of people who, they know who they are, but they don't really know what they're doing a lot of the time destruct in Parks and Rec. That's true. And then you go to this other one, which, and what I loved about Severance early on was, first of all is that you're, it's one of those shows where you're, you not only do they not know what's going on the characters, but you as an audience member are trying to piece it together. You're like, what's happening? Yeah. For me that Scratch is an inch. I love that. 'cause it keeps you hooked. You're like, what's happening? Yeah. I, I agree. That's part of what I loved about it too. And to sort of the gradual, it, it was a constant like negotiation of like how much of the Iceberg Dewey show, you know, from first of all, season one, how, how far are we gonna go?


And originally the season was by the time Season one ends, it was gonna be way further down the line story-wise than what it ended up being. Oh, wow. So it's, it's constantly that, that thing like, how much do we want to show? How much do we want the audience to sort of follow the bread crumbs and Yeah. That kind of stuff. Yeah. And then, but, and, and you being the protagonist sort of the, the, the, the central focus, you, you kind of hold our hand as the audience through this odd circumstance. Right? And do you, do you, you've, you've been the protagonist, you've been the antagonist. What would do you, do you like that? Do you like being the audience's proxy through something that is, that is kind of difficult to manage?


I do. And it, it's a completely different thing. As, as I'm sure you'd, you'd, you'd attest Jason, because actually early on, I remember when I started doing Party Down, which was before Parks, and thank you very much. Yeah. Let's hear 'em in the back park. Thank you. Make me laugh so hard. Congrats. They Like to party down so much. We've never done this bit before and this'll be the last time, but we're just gonna go ahead milk it till it's a stone. Okay. They like to party town so much. We party to it.


We'll be right back.


One Of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of programmers. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion business-y people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign, so you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


SmartLess is sponsored by Liquid iv. So one of my things that I'm trying this year, really trying hard, is to wake up earlier. I wake up like my alarm will go off like a lot of people I know. And you'll hit it and you'll, I really try to force myself to get outta bed and hop in the shower the minute I wake up in the morning. So whatever you guys decide to do to try this year, come into your own, your own way with extraordinary hydration from Liquid IV with flavors like their new hydration multiplier, sugar free raspberry lemonade, a bright zero sugar blend of ripe, freshly picked raspberries and citrus zesty lemon, just one stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. Break the mold and your own ritual. So the first thing I do is hydrate myself in the morning. Make sure that I don't have to think about it for a few hours. And drinking Liquid IV makes me kind of check that box the first thing I get out of bed. Embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


I want you to picture this. You're at a party, someone asks you what you do as a marketer. Well you have to generate leads, create content, make your brand go viral. It's a lot. Thankfully, huh? There's Breeze HubSpot's suite of AI tools. Now you can turn one piece of content into all the assets you need, find the best leads, and beef up your reporting all in one place. Plus, you'll have way more fun explaining your job at parties. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to see how companies like yours are generating 110% more leads in just 12 months. And now back to the show.


You're doing Party Down and you're, you are a protagonist or an antagonist, Right? So we're doing, we're doing a scene early in that show and we were just starting and up to that point, I had had roles where, you know, where you're trying to like stuff everything into a couple of scenes. Yeah. And So I was doing this scene where Lizzie Kaplan and I were meeting for the first time and talking, and I remember the director, Fred Savage took me aside after a couple takes and was just like, Hey man, you know, you've got all season, you can Chill, pump it. Just easy, easy Bro. Yeah. Like we've got all this time and you can, you know, the, you're gonna be kind of, the audience is gonna go go through the story with you so you can just pull back and just like, he was essentially just saying, fucking relax.


Yeah. Don't worry about It. Did that crush your spirit? Was that, was that shaming? N Well, no, it was actually, it was like the best advice I'd gotten, but also kind of looking back. Yeah, maybe I in the moment probably question everything, but looking back it's like the best piece of advice because you know, he's 100% right and I'm sure he learned that lesson when he was like nine years old or something. But it's true. You can just take your foot off the gas a little bit, otherwise it's gonna be exhausting to watch. You Could be watching someone, Well you, you have nowhere to go. All that kinda stuff. Right? What, what, you know what occurs me as you say that Adam, I'm like, what, what's the best, can you guys, this goes to everybody.


Remember a piece of direction, a simple note or something that's always stuck with you. That was a good one or a really bad one. I got a piece of, I got a piece of bad direction once from, oh gosh, Don't say the name but You, okay. I won't say the name, but he said, what the fuck is wrong with you? Whoa. Really? I think you've said that before. Yeah. And, and he didn't he scream at like either across the set or from Video Village? No, he, yeah. From Video Village in front of Yeah. 200 People and there and then say, saying that and then expecting you to like, oh, experiment didn't find Yeah, Yeah, exactly. Jesus Christ. Yeah. That was the direction of also, but Jimmy Burroughs once said, Jimmy Burrows a great Jimmy Burrows. James Burrows. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He said, I said, Jimmy, is it funnier if I like say the line and slam the fridge or should I slam the fridge and then say the line and his direction was I, honey, I don't care.


That was pretty Good. Jimmy Burrows wants, Jimmy Buroughs wants, not to me, but to somebody else I was doing a scene with. And you know, we're on one of those rehearsal days and he is just, he's just got his podium on the roll on the wheels. Yeah. And we go through a scene and we're gonna move to the other scene sort of down the stage a little bit. And as he's walking away rolling his thing, he turns to this guy who's in the scene with me, he goes, Hey, clear on the words. And the guy goes, which one? Jimmy? And he goes, All of 'em. He Kept walking. He Is funny. It Was So I fell to my knees laughing so hard, By the way. His book is Yeah. Incredible.


Yeah, it's really Good. Yeah. Yeah. Really good. It's so good. Yeah. Yeah. He once just simply yelled to me, stop pushing. That's It Was really was. I was, yeah, I was, that's, I was pushing too hard's. Great. Which reminds me of the, actually, actually the most helpful note I ever got was very similar, not to drop a name, but I was doing a movie of the week in like the early nineties on CBS with the great Catherine Hepburn. And I was doing a scene with her and she What a talent She was our final out, she said, she said to me, she stopped in the middle of the scene, I was supposed to be crying in the scene. It's just me and her. And she stopped in the middle of the scene and I'm trying to squeeze these tears out.


She goes, stop acting. Wow. And I, I said like, forever, should I just quit? No, no. In the scene. Yeah. Just say it. Just say the words forever. Yeah. Like Forever. Yeah. This like a, like career pivot. She was like, she said no, just say the words. And she, and she was right. And then I just Yeah. Said the words. Yeah. And tried. I tried to still do that every day. I love That. Yeah. Wait, so about your first two names. So is this right? Were you gonna be Adam? I can't even say a Ro Cordero Was, but first it was ro Well my mom's maiden name was Cordaro.


And So I, I was like, well that's too long. I wanted to, 'cause I, we part Sicilian, So I wanted to have like a Sicilian last name when I was in acting school to be more, you know, to sound like Al Pacino or Robert DeNiro. Sure, yeah. Yeah. Of course. With an something with a no would be preferable. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. So you cut the cordero. Nothing Wrong with an Italian Game. Exactly. See, this guy knows what I'm talking about. Okay, So wait. So I shortened it to Cordero and I remember being in the library at the acting school I was at in like writing Pacino, Robert De Niro, Adam Cordero, and being like, oh yeah, that looks, that looks right.


That's cool. Yes. That's incredible. And then what happened did, didn't Claire, somebody had it. Yeah. I don't, I don't Yeah, that's right. And it was with a q too Cordero. Oh, I like That. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you were like, you were like, Hey, gimme the name of all the Australian pro golfers. That's right. And let's see a list. Let's the list. That's The one. Adam Scott. That's the one. Wait, So wait, how did you come up with Scott? What is is That, oh, that's my actual name. Oh, It is? Oh, I thought, oh, I thought that was the, the other one. Oh, fucking great research. Sean. That's Sean. That was his dad's nickname. Oh, okay. Sure. That's right. And so you, so when you were born, you just took your dad's name. Okay. Got it. That's Right. Wait, Adam, and we've never talked about Adam Scott, the, the pro Australian golfer.


Yeah. Has that been an issue at all? Or Great swing? Obviously He's got a great deal. Doesn't Have a beautiful, he's Incredible. Right? I mean, I don't play or follow golf, but I've certainly like Yeah, of course. It's come up Obviously. Course you could do a lot worse. Yeah. Okay. To have it to Have You ever met, have you ever met him? No, but we, I remember you've got To Way like 20 years ago we did it. Cool. It Will, we Did an interview side by side and something. You have Got To, but you guys, he is like, you guys play golf and he's still like a great golfer, right? He's He he's very good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's very, very good. Well, I, I think it would Be cool. Have you met him? I've never met at Sounds Like you'd like to Scott.


I like him a lot. He is very handsome. He is very What you DM him or something? Weirdo Like he's gonna answer me. But, but he, but I will say this there. Years ago when I first got on that social media site, formerly known as Twitter, there was a guy who had my handle and by the name of Will Arnett. And it turned out he lived, he, he lived in the middle of the country and he had my handle. Anyway, over the years, people would tag him mistakenly thinking they were tagging me, whatever. And he and I ended up following each other and would talk to each other from time to time. Really cool dude. Okay.


Years later I'm in. I'm in. You're with me so far. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is fun. Go ahead. We're with you. And I went anyway, I was in Vegas one time and he, and, and I ended up meeting up with him. We had, we, we took a photo together. Got to him. Me. That's incredible. It was fun meeting another Willer. Incredible. It's fun. End of story. End of story. Sure. What a waste of time. Hang on. So, but honestly, you guys Wish I arranged a story about meeting Adam Scott, You arranged to meet one another and you took a photo together. Yeah. Is that what happened? Yeah. Hang on, dude. You arranged to meet the guy that shares your name and handle on Twitter at some, He reached out to me 'cause he said, Hey, I see that you're in Vegas.


I'm in Vegas. I'm also at Caesar's right now. I said, where are you? And he said, and then we went over and like, what's up after years? Why not? That's not bizarre at all. How did he know that you were at Caesar's? Yeah, because I had, I had posted a photo Inside the casino. It's illegal. Go ahead. What do you work for the casino now? I, not anymore. Go ahead. The gaming Commission. Like what do You, so when you, so, and then, okay, so wait, so now you're, he sees you walking towards him. You don't know what he looks like. Right? And he goes, will, and you turn to him and your eyebrows go up high. And then was there a hug or a high five or both? I don't remember. Yeah, I bet you do. Fucking boring weirdo. I don't, I don't remember God.


How long ago was this? Will, This was like 10 years ago. I'll bet you know the month. Can you, Can you, can you, 10 years ago, can you imagine, first of all, a Bateman leaving his house for any reason, but b, going out into the real world and doing anything with any other person that wasn't a means to an end that somehow satisfied his ego. Can you imagine If there was another Bateman Jason and he had like a script or something that sounded promising? I'd meet him promising a sounding script. A script What? A script. I've got a one act like There's a cop named Sean. Gotta meet Adam Scott, the golfer. We're putting it out there At a casino, preferably.


Oh God. I gotta I gotta link up with him and take a photo. Sean. There's another Sean Hayes too. There is a cop named Sean Hayes somewhere. Alright, so wait, I wanted to know when you first started, first of all, you're the youngest just like me out of all your, oh my gosh, your family, right? And have you ever done theater, Adam? I've got theater stories guys here, we, we go. Good, good, good. Oh boy. No, but Adam, I wanted to ask you though, you're the youngest, like I am. And your parents got divorced like minded. Sure. And, and, and when you're a kid and you can't vocalize, you know what you're going through, you internalize all of that stress and stuff and then it comes out later as anxiety. And is that what happened to you?


Or did you learn how to none. You were like, oh, I'm glad they're divorced. I have no anxiety. No, I'm sure it did. I don't, I mean, I think, you know, I think when I, I was so young like five I guess when it happened. Yeah, Me too. Five. Okay. I mean, that's pretty young for it to be your fault, but it seems, sorry, keep Going. It was clear that it was my fault and as I know it was your fault as well, Joe. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. I mean that's why I'm here talking to you. But you still, But you still have contact with your, with your dad, right? Yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah. Oh, your dad did just, he Didn't drive off Seal it, right? He didn't drive off. And the, and like you last thing you were like, go fuck.


You know? So, And, and mother mother's still got both the eyeballs in her. Sean, I actually, as a fan of the show, I, I, I really do wanna know if you ha do you have the eye like Yeah, my sister has it. My sister has It. Oh, your sister has it. It's her turn. Yeah. It's seasonal. Adam. Yeah. Have you ever posted a photo of it or anything like that? It's on the documentary. I brought it on stage to show these guys. He brought it on stage. Yeah. It was, you know, he graced us with it. It was amazing. Incredibly Distasteful. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen that documentary and I, I don't remember that. I'll after, Just to keep an eye out.


It's a loose use of the word. Keep An eye out for it. Okay. Okay. We heard. Wow. Sean. So Sean, question three. Yeah. So We've gone through, are you, are you, are you emotionally scarred from your parents' divorce? Yeah. 'cause I wanted to know that because I follow up. What is it about your wife that drives you crazy Fucking And then your favorite of your two children? Which one do you like the best? Yeah. Take them in whatever order you want and then we'd let that theater story. You ever had an emotional, have you ever had an emotional affair with a coworker?


Well, I, I fax, I faxed you the questions, Adam, didn't I didn't you get that fax? Yeah. All. So listen, you fell in love when you were a kid with acting because you saw the Raiders of the Lost Star is what I read. And I love, I love that mine was et but same era. Sure. And where Do, where did you, I I don't know where you grew up. Santa Cruz up in the Bay Area. Right on. Yeah. Oh yeah. It's Where they shot Lost Boys. Oh, that's right. That's right. That's pretty much the end of that story. Okay. Jason Did, did you, Did you ever shoot anything up? They used to shoot stuff in the eighties up in Santa Cruz. I shot something in the back of my knee up there in a cave in San Santa Cruz. My friend was going to uc, Santa Cruz up there and boy it came on real fast.


No, no kidding. There is a cave though up there called Steamers Lane there in Santa Cruz. Oh yeah. So you have been, that's a lot of fun. Yeah. He Was up there with a leaf. Leif Garrett Probably. No, it wasn't with Lafe on that trip, but, okay. And there were no needles involved, but there might have been a, a a, a stinky skinny joint up there that was tough to stay lit. That Sounds like Santa Cruz. Yeah. So the home of the slugs, banana slugs. Yep. And when, when did you get that acting bug? When You were me or was that for the guest? Exactly. Go ahead Adam. Boy, I guess it probably was, you know, seeing, just seeing movies when you're a kid and you're like, I want to, that's, you know, I wanna do that like Temple of Doom and stuff.


Yeah. But what made it, what made it feel like within reach? Like everybody's got their own thing where they go like, yeah, I'm gonna do it. Yeah, It kind of never did. And that's why like, it was, I know it's like in California, but it may as well be like on the different country or something. Like we, we were so far removed from like show business. It felt like going and being on TV or being in the movies felt like I'm gonna go to the moon or something. It just Felt, They came and shot east of Eden in Santa, like a mini series version of East of Eden in our town. And I remember they like put dirt out on the streets to make 'em look like dirt road and had horses and horse drawn carriages and then the actors' trailers.


And I was like seven. And I remember seeing that and just being blown away. Right. Like, holy fuck. And then you went to the American Academy of Dramatic Arts. How old were you when you did that? 18. Was that high school or? It was after high. After high school. Okay. And was that, where was that down in Los Angeles at that Point? Yeah, in Pasadena at the time. Okay. Oh, about that. That, alright, so then you, so then you made a, a deliberate move to come down and, and and pursue it. Yeah. And did you drive? It was a classic like drive down there with a bunch of shit strapped to the roof. Bunch of shit Strapped to the roof of my 68 Rambler and boy, what a, what a hard career to start Jesus Christ.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Just like coming in cold and not knowing a soul. Yeah. Yeah. Sean tried to do that. It didn't, it everything blew off the roof, didn't it? Yeah. Me and my sister drove me home from college. Did That really happen? It really did happen. We were super stoned driving home. Didn't wanna take that as a sign and, and hook a ey. No. 'cause we stuck in the rear view mirror. We were singing songs. We both just smoked pot. This is, we were both 18 whatever around 18, 19 and, or no out of college. 20, 21, 22. And we just saw All the, just looking at statue limitations here. One second. Yeah, smoke, you're probably fine. And in the rear view mirror, we saw all my clothes flying out. We're just like, do you want to turn back? And my sister's like, nah. I go, me neither. No way.


You kept going. There's clothes on the highway. Oh Jesus. Yeah. But anyway, well, Strapping stuff to the roof is like not, you know, and when you're like 20, you're not gonna do a good job, job strapping anything anywhere. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. You don't realize the science And you're at that point you're like, fuck it, I can buy short shorts anywhere. I'll just get a bunch of different, right. So so you, you, but you move here and then, and then, or you move to, to Los Angeles and then you're like, you go to the American Academy and then you're done with that and it's like, okay, as you said, this is a tough way to start. You're Like, alright. Yeah dude, where do we go now?


Was it commercials first? Like It was background work first I just moved from past from school. I moved to Hollywood and just started like going and trying to do whatever and didn't know anyone. And yeah. And, and we did a lot of background work and then did got like a guest spot on something. Yeah. And then got a little agent and then just sort of, you know, yeah. We'll be right back Guys.


After the holiday is over. I love putting everything away. Don't you love that feeling of getting organized again? 'cause of all the clutter and the stuff and the boxes. Anyway. I love getting stuff put away. And after the holiday rush, it's time to show your home some love. Right? Whether you're organizing, decluttering, or updating your style for the new year, Wayfair has everything you need at prices that fit your budget. Wayfair makes it easy to tackle your New Year's home goals with endless inspiration for every space and budget. Whether you need a light refresh or an organization overhaul, there's something for every style in every home, no matter your space or budget. Plus they offer free and easy delivery, even on the big stuff. They'll even help you set it up. So, you know, I was taking out the boxes and everything for, for, for Christmas and putting 'em in the garage and I noticed two chairs outside have been kind of like through it and the cushions were kind of bad. So I got two tufted dining seat chairs for outside and they're great. They're so comfortable. Give your home the refresh it needs with Wayfair head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home


You and we deserve snacks that are better for you and incredibly delicious. And that's where Skinny Pop Popcorn comes in. Skinny Pop uses quality ingredients to bring you the light and tasty flavors you love. The original Ready to Eat popcorn is made up of just popcorn, kernels, sunflower oil, and salt. That's it. In addition to the original popcorn, skinny Pop also offers a variety of delicious flavors from white cheddar to sweet and salty kettle popcorn. Skinny Pop Popcorn is always non GMO gluten-free. And there are many vegan options too. So stop everything and add skinny pop to your grocery list. It's okay. We'll wait. So for me, whenever Scotty and I are gonna watch a movie at home, I mix the original popcorn with the kettle popcorn 'cause the kettle's a little more sweet, but the right original is a little more salty. You get what I'm going for. It's kind of like how I cut my apple juice with water. Anyway. Skinny pop popcorn, deliciously pop, perfectly salted shop, skinny pop. Now


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey guys, everybody should have a support system, right? Who's your support system? My support system, as you well know, talk about all the time is Scotty. And of course my two besties Will and Jason, whenever I have a problem, an issue, I talk to them about it. And if they're not available, I will talk to a therapist. And I've been going to therapy for a long time and it's always great. So think about your favorite leaders, mentors, and idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. Therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift that focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient, serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Build your support system with BetterHelp, visit BetterHelp dot com slash smartlist to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess. And back to the show,


What was the first thing that where it's like, oh, this is gonna give me a little bit of capital that I can maybe use for a couple of jobs? Like what was, what was the first kind of big thing? I Mean, I think part of the dilu self delusion you need in order to, to survive. You think that every time you get Anything right, this is it. Yeah. Yeah. You're like, Oh fuck. Okay, now. But it turned out that I didn't really have a career until like 15 years later. And what was that? What was the thing That, that was like, it was like this period of time where it was like parks, stepbrothers party down, like this period of like three years where these things all happened.


Oh, I see. Yeah. Well you were, you were, you were definitely a working actor that I was certainly well aware of before those three things happened. But you're saying those three things kind of put you in another category or maybe you weren't really auditioning anymore and people, you had some incoming calls. Yeah, A a bit. It was just, I remember when that started happening and I remember getting some incoming phone calls from like Mike and Polar, like, Hey, do you wanna maybe? And just being like, oh, this is what it's like to actually have something going. I thought when I did Murder one I was on top of the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thank you. I didn't care For it, Adam, but I thought this was really cool when you were 14, like, 'cause Will was talking about at the top about like doing Conan so many times and Jimmy Kimmel and all those shows.


And you were obsessed with Letterman, which I loved. I was too as a kid. And how did you, when you were four, talk about that. When you were 14, you went to, how did you coerce your parents in letting you go to New York to go, you went to a taping or something? You Well, we went to, we went to, we were on like a family trip and I was just like, let's go to 30 Rock So I can get a Letterman t-shirt. And we were there. Didn't even think about doing the tour or anything. We were just at the gift shop and my brother and I saw Chris Elliot walk by. Wow. And we were like, oh, holy sh And we just chased him down and he stopped and talked to us for like 20 minutes. It was amazing. And that's cool. That's funny. It funny Was great. Chris Elliot, the great Chris Elliot Bits, oh my God, back from, from Letterman were Unbelievable.


Yeah. So good. And then, what was the name of the, of the old man would always be on the show? Biff Henderson? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, Larry Bud Melman. Oh, Larry Budman. Bud Melman. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whose real name was Deforest Kelly? I think. Yes. No, no, no. That's a guy on Star Trek. No, no, no, no. But you're, you're, you're, you're, you're writing In the Ballpark de Forest something. Yeah. We'll get It. I remember when we talked to, to Chris Elliot, he was talking to us for a while and then he was like, I gotta go, but you guys should watch the show tonight. I'm gonna, I'm gonna try something new out. And it was the first night he did his, remember he did Marlon, this really weird Marlon Brando impression for Yeah, yeah, yeah. I That was what? That was Calvert Deforest Calvert Is Deforest Calvert deforest.


So, but, but what was that like? Because you know, I think all of us when you're, when you're like, Jason always talked about the first time he did The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson, how like Yeah. That you're like, oh God, I'm on that thing that all the other famous people are on, So I must be in that. Right. So having been obsessed with Letterman when you're growing up, I mean, I assume you were on Yeah. Many times. Yes. I I got, I did it twice before he, he finished. Yeah. I mean that was doing Letterman as I'm sure it was for you guys too, was a major like life moment. Yeah. The first time That, that's it. That was it. Totally Petrifying. Petrifying. It was everything. I had my brother come out and so he was in the audience and I mean, you know, it's just the best.


And he, he was so cool and hilarious and, and just couldn't believe it. I'm sure I was nervous and terrible, but Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It was, It was really something. Wait, so why was your nick, why was your nickname Spanky? Here we go. Wasn't your nickname Spanky when you were a kid? Well, it, it was when I was in, in little league. I had, they called me. I was a heavier kid for a few years and I was on the baseball team. And so the kids called me Spanky. 'cause this kid on Rascal Little Rascals. Little Rascals, the Yeah, yeah, yeah. The heavy kid on Little Rascals. You know what, I had the opposite problem because, you know, I, I grew up like so skinny.


I could not gain weight. I would drink milkshakes and go work out with my brother and eat burgers. And like, I couldn't, I couldn't gain weight. I just Sure. Made up for it. You fixed it. Sorry. Didn't Mean to walk right into that. Who Wanted it first? You sure did. Yeah. But I, but it's so funny because people, you know, make fun of fat kids all the time when you're in school, all the other kids are mean. But like I, when I was a kid, people used to make fun of me for being so skinny. People were like, well, you know, sucks. It was just skinny shame. Skinny shame out all the time. What would you, what would you give to have people make fun of you for being skinny? Yeah, Yeah, exactly. So a hundred percent. And then you played, But the thing is, is back then the kids were all calling me Spanky. But then eventually the coach started calling me Spanky as well, which was So, oh, that's good.


Fucked. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Wait, so then you married, so your wife Naomi from my sister Tracy, Naomi Sap. Did you say Lan or Sap Blo, right? It's Scott, but yeah, her maiden name was ma Name Lan. She, when you met her, she, that was her name. And she was a pro, she's a producer. And how did you meet her on a show? We met? No, we met at a bar at the, the ca the cat in the fiddle on. I love Remember that place? Yeah. I used to go all the time. The outside. So you could smoke? Yes. Yeah. I used to go all the Time. That Best. Yeah, We Met there in like 1998. Wow. That's crazy. I was there. I we probably ran into each other and didn't know it. I know. Crazy.


I would go there all the time. Same like that and the Dragon Fly. Do you remember going? Oh yeah. I, I would go cat fiddle. That's it. Isn't that when you had a candle on your dashboard? Oh yeah. When That period. Oh, Fucking, those were big days. This is why I don't go out anymore. You know, these guys make fun of me, but I've, I've, I fixed my ways. But Adam, I used to go to Cat and Fiddle all the time with Julie Bowen and that's when we'd make out and stuff. But anyway, I love, so, and then, but you, so it was a Julie Bow, everybody, Julie Bow. Julie Bow. She's the best. I love her. And Julie, you used to have family karaoke nights and you, you love Billy Joel. I love Billy Joel just did a documentary. It's coming on, on HBO about him. Oh, you did really? Yeah. Produced it in my company. Oh, amazing.


Yeah. Billy Joel. Well, hang on a second. You're Yeah. Billy Joel. You're, you're a huge Billy Joel. I'm a huge, He's the piano man. Sorry. So stupid. Just crushing this bit to death. Wait, do you st are you a singer? No, I can't sing at all. Oh, so you just kind of do it. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. All Where are you right now? What, what, what, what room are we enjoying? This is Office Radford. Over on Radford. Oh, it's on Radford. Did you just say Radford? I did. How did you know that? I don't know. There was something about the bleakness of it that looked, looked like Radford. Are you still doing the show Severance? I thought it was Rad. No, this is Naomi and I have a company that we have in our office here.


Oh, That's great. That's great. That's fucking crazy that I Just, that's insane that you just said Radford. They're gonna, they're about to redo that whole studio. Have you been consulted about that? No, they haven't asked me anything about that. And now I'm pretty fucking pissed. Yeah, No, they're gotta redo the whole thing. It was kind Rad. The blueprints over and go through it with me. Wait, what are you, what's you, what are you excited about that's coming out of your company? Well, we're developing a bunch of stuff right now, now. And do you like that kinda work, like working with writers and taking a script and I do. Yeah. I, I know you do too. I'm sure. I know all of you guys do. Yes, I do. I mean, I think like, and I, I don't know if it's the same for you guys, but I acting for so long, it's nice to use all the hours of your day, you know, because Right.


You know, the, the, the, you, you, after a certain number of years you realize that that acting can take up this much and, but if you're, you know, producing or whatever, you can sort of Stay busy. Take all of it. Yeah. Yeah. And sort of keep your eye on the whole thing, the thing as a whole instead of just your little part of it that you can't really control all that much. Are They listening to you at all over there on Severance? Let's get you in trouble here. Let's do it. When you have thoughts and ideas over there at Severance. Fun to fun to get there and get involved. Yeah, for sure. Dan Erickson, who created it and Ben and it's a great, yeah.


Dan Erickson and Ben Stiller. Yeah. It's a great group of people. We have, we have great time. And where are you in that process? You, so you got, you're, you're out here in la you're obviously not shooting, you are waiting to hear about a third season. Yeah. Or, or plans to start it. Well, They're not gonna not make a third season. Right? Yeah. We're hopeful that we'll be able to make a third season. When would you start doing that? If they do, hopefully Really soon. So it's not, you know, this last break was a long break. Three years. It was a three year wait between seasons. So hopefully it'll be a lot shorter than That. And that's in New, that's in New York, right? New York, yeah. And how does that work with Family?


Do? Yeah. Do you I mean, it's, it's a, it's a, it's a, sometimes it's an annoying thing to hear about us complaint about, but it is a real thing, you know, it's not easy to manage working away from Los Angeles where a lot of the work happens. It is, it's really, it's really hard with family, because I know you just finished something out there for severance. It's like nine, 10 months we shooting that show and Wow. So it's just like a, you know, you're just gone. And I, I know you try, I try and fly back as much as possible, but I don't end up with much time off. And, but the kids, the good thing is, is teenagers, they fly out on their own if they want to and they love go going to New York, you know, you figure it out.


But it's, it is, it's, it's a drag. It's hard. Go back to, you know, I didn't know all this music. I didn't know you love music as much as I do. Or probably Will does Jason, What do you mean? Like, like, like, like Jason doesn't know. Jason doesn't know what, what he does. Jason doesn't care for music. No, he doesn't get it. I like sounds, but you Did a podcast. He Just goes, somebody tell me what's cool. You did a whole podcast about U2, which I didn't know. An REM And did you meet Bono or you two or anything? Is that true? Yeah, it was in the intro one. Yeah, we did Scott Ackerman and I Don't get pissed off. Sean Scott Ackerman and I, It was in my fucking written intro.


We, we started a, a podcast about U2 because just sort of as a, just like a sort of as a joke because U2 kind of felt like a funny, funny subject matter just because they're so sort of mainstream. We go and analyze that. We, we weren't sure what it was gonna be, but we just started going album by album through U two's catalog, both of us growing up with them and being fans and stuff. But then, and it's so stupid. It's ridiculous. Bits and stuff, but, but super fun. But then eventually, and it was not our intention at all when we started it.


Eventually we did have the band on a couple of times That's Amazing's Cool. Which was, Yeah, it was super Did you, Did you see them perform at the Sphere? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wasn't that incredible? That venue is just stunning. It's crazy. Yeah. I, I went opening night, I think like the very first. Yeah, it was wild. First of all, thank you for being here today. This is, yeah. Well, by the way, if you have a theater story, I love a good theater story. You can tell me now. You can Call me later. We can end strong right here. Yeah. I actually don't. Alright. Okay. Next question I do. So Finish Strong, Sean, come on. You can do this. No, I, I I wanna to talk about like Billy Joel and like why you love him so much, because I love him so much.


And you, I think you met Paul Rudd and you got to meet Billy Jill and you and Paul met him at the same time or some, there's some Spur. We had him, we, we, I did this thing, Naomi and I made this show for Adult Swim where we recreated opening credit sequences for TV shows from the eighties. That's funny. Shot for Shot made these opening credit sequences. That's Funny. So I did Bo and Buddies with Rud and I as those guys. That's funny. And it was a Billy Joel song, obviously was the theme song. And so as part of the like fake documentary about the making of this thing, we got Billy Joel to join us to play the song for us. I wanna see that.


He was great. He was really, really funny and, and great. That's Cool. Yeah. Sean, I didn't know that you liked Billy Joel so much. I Love Billy Joel. I know all, I play his music, I sing his songs. My go-to is Honesty. I love that song. Oh, That's a great song. Yeah. Did you see him at the Oh, the Song Square? Yeah. 'cause I was about to say bullshit, but what, yeah, bullshit on that, but okay. No, I couldn't make it out for Madison Square Garden, but I really wanted to, but I've seen him in concert many, many times. Yeah, that's Great. Another guy with two F two first names. Yep. Yeah, that's right. Oh Man. Billy Joel. Yeah. Look at that. Adam Cordero's. Adam Cordero's. That's me, Adam Scott. Listen, I wanted to ask you, but we don't, we ran outta time. We're saying goodbye. But, but yeah, you must get stopped. People must stop you all the time 'cause of, of stuff you do.


But stepbrothers people must go Yeah, yeah. Crazy on you, right? Yeah. It's still like, that was, you know, a while ago and Yeah, I know, But was so popular. Love that movie. And I, I I love it too. I'm, I'm sure I would feel that way if I wasn't. I love turning it on anytime I see it. Yeah. Anytime I see it on tv, I, I I watch it. It's so good. You're So Good at movie. You've never sucked everything you do. Yeah, it's true. You are great in, So I would imagine a lot of people, you've been a part of a lot of really great things that are very cool in the comedy world. Yeah. Thank you. And it's something you should, I'm sure you do really are proud of. You should. Well, likewise. And you know, the part, the part of that, when I was talking earlier about that kind of figuring it out when we started Party Down, the other part of that that I was gonna get to was when I was telling someone about the show, I forget who it was, I was like, yeah, it's this catering team and I'm kind of at the center of it and I'm not sure what to do.


And the, they're like, oh, you're at the center of it. Like Bateman on Arrested Development, Like Right. Which is the craziness circling around him. Yes. And that was so key to kind of figuring it out is watch, you know, I was watching the show anyway, but really thinking about it from that perspective is Right. Very Key. Like how, how, How can I be a robot? Go ahead. Will. How Could you be, how could you be as sort of Charmless That's Right. Emotionless. How could I suck all the charisma. Charisma and just be a blank mayonnaise on mayonnaise on Egg. Thank you Will. Well, what an inspiration.


Happy to provide some sort of guidance. Ugh. Adam, we love you. Thank you for Being here today, guys. Thank you for having me. Such a fancy Show. Yeah, Adam, really cool Adam. Love you Adam. Love You guys. Please pass on our regards to Naomi. Yeah, Thank you. Yeah, thank You. Yeah, thanks for doing this. Please tell, tell Abel and Archie I doubt they remember me, but please tell them hello. They're like, I saw Abel yesterday. Full teenagers, now disgust. They're full teenagers. I will. JB ran into Abe. Abe texted me from school. That's how I knew jb. And he is like, I just ran into Jason and he grabbed my ear and I was like, yeah, that sounds about right. And you know, they are such big fans. I can say this, they're such big fans of viewers and of Parks and Rec, even though it's their moms show During the Pandemic.


We watched Abe and I watched all these episodes, like most of Parks and Rec again. Wow. Watched it all the way through and, and then I would say, say to Amy, like, Hey, that episode was really good. Right? Super high like that years. Yeah. Like eight years later, My kids have yet to see Parks and Rec. They're just, they Don't care at all. Do they? I don't know. Don't care. Your kids are like mine. They, they don't watch anything that we do. Nothing. They don't watched the Rest of the development. My, my kids and Abe loves comedy. Well, neither Is Sean, right? I don't know. No, Sean's never watched it. And he is one of our children. So Wait, Abe and Archie have not watched Arrested? No. And their friends have, and they're like, I love it. Love people's, like a lot of my friends love BoJack Horseman, and I'm like, we're Gonna gonna strap these kids down one goddamn damn day.


They Should watch Arrested and they should arrested development and they should watch BoJack Horseman. They would be So, I know. And Parks and Rec, we're gonna strap them down. They've watched And respect us. Amy kind of guilted them into it though, right? If I'm being honest, if I'm being totally honest that, that sounds not in the way that only Polar can, you know. Yeah. Okay, fine. Don't watch it. You know Your choice, Adam. Thank you dude. Guys, Thank you. Love you buddy. Great To see you. Yeah, love you too. Bye. Bye-bye. Take it easy Now. That feels like we kind of deprived the audience of a really good interview because it just felt like we were just sitting on the couch. He was over here, but that's okay.


At one of our homes, like he always is. And, and I feel like we were undisciplined. I was And no disrespect. A bunch of bullshit. Not really Questions. No, that's, you know what? No, it was like the Catherine Hahn episode. You know where we a good friend comes on and we just, Just a bunch, bunch of bullshit. Yeah, yeah. We, we apologize listener. We're just children. Adam likes to fuck around and do bits and joke around and so why not? Yeah. I mean, it must have been like that on Will and Grace. Oh, I love it. Everybody's gay.


I feel good about my sexuality. I feel safe to come out now. Please. Lemme out. Can I sit closer into the stage now? I can't hear anything from That is so Funny. Dumb. That's so Great. Hey, but listen, at the end of the day, at the end of the day, you need people like Adam Scott. Good for you to bring it back. Look at you. Whatever response.


I'm Trying to, I'm trying to talk slowly here as I try to think up a bye. No, I got one. So by having, okay, by having Adam in our world, socially. Professionally, what Sean? Wonderful. It's wonderful. It's like wonderful what your Italian, what your Italian friend would say Chow. But we would say, Said we would say Bbye. Bye. bye-Bye. Smart. Less smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter.


Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today.


It's starting to sound like spring, but it's not official till you've lit up the grill with Kingsford original charcoal this time of year as we break in the backyard with friends and family, everything tastes better cooked with authentic wood-fired barbecue flavor. Thanks to Kingsford welcome spring. Visit kingsford.com for charcoal and more from America's grilling expert.


Want the same expert advice from the pros at a Discount Tire store while shopping for tires online? Meet Treadwell your personal tire guide. Treadwell is an online tire buying guide that gives you personalized recommendations. Shop for tires with Treadwell at Discount Tire dot com.