
Guys, when it comes to getting your haircut, don't go just anywhere. Visit the specialists who live and breathe men's hair at Sport Clips, haircuts, stylists undergo special training to be the experts in men's hair, making them the masters of Mullets, finessers of fades and understudies of the undercut. It's easy to have confidence in your look when you are in the hands of a pro. Just another way. Sport Clips helps keep your head and your hair in the game. Sport Clips, it's a game changer.


So, listener, we all know English. You know it 'cause you're listening to me, you're understanding me. But what if I was talking in a different language like that annoying co-host of mine, Will Arnett loves to t on in French. You know, he likes to prove he's Canadian. He's proud of it. Like, I get it. I'm a little jealous. That's why you're picking up the tone in my voice. So this Rosetta Stone company, they can teach you how to speak, understand, write any language you want, I think, but I know they got French covered. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm making a big, a big threat to myself, to the world, to you, and to specifically Will Arnett that I'm gonna, I'm gonna learn French so that I can stop rolling my eyes and actually get excited. The eyebrows go up, next time I hear him talking French. Or if you're watching a foreign film and you're tired of reading, you wanna watch a movie, you don't wanna look at the, at the, at the subtitles, it. All of these things make Rosetta Stone a good fit for me. So, you know, maybe, maybe it would fit for you. After all, Rosetta Stone is the most trusted language learning program to truly immerse yourself in the language you wanna learn. It's available on desktop or as an app. It's trusted for 30 years with millions of users and 25 languages offered. Do not put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now. To get started, SmartLess listeners can get Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit rosetta stone.com/ SmartLess. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off@rosettastone.com slash SmartLess today.


Hey guys. So I. Go back home tomorrow to Los Angeles. I've been in New York for quite some time. I've really missed my dog, Ricky. I Haven't seen him in Sorry. In a while. Sorry. Sorry. And I'm really excited. Sorry. Really excited to see, really excited to see him. Does it not sound like I'm crying? Should it sound like I'm crying more? I like it. No, it was great. Welcome to new SmartLess. Smart, smart, smart Bless.


What is that? Like peanut butter toast, Rice crispy treat. So dessert. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. It's, it's 15 minutes shy of 10:00 AM Yeah. And you're eating dessert. Well, it's my breakfast. Really? Okay. I mean, rice Krispies are a breakfast cereal, but when they're baked with marshmallows, I guess it kind of takes away Oh. yeah. And chase it with some cow puffs. That's What I That So walk me through just a little bit. Walk me through this morning. 'cause you've been outta town for a minute and you came home Yeah and there was a fresh pan of Rice Krispy treats Oh. My God. Yeah, there was actually.


Did you make it? No, I didn't make it. Somebody else made it. Yeah. And, but it was there. Was it A request or did they, did you say, Hey, when I get home, I want a full pan of Rice Krispy treat Ready? No, there is a person that I know that Yeah. Knows what I like. And, and Yeah Yeah. When you say no, do you mean to say paid? Maybe just a little bit. Is this a good friend who just does it Goodness of their heart? Yeah. Do you doctor up the Rice Krispies? Some people like to drop M and Msms in there. Oh, m S great. No, this is, this is done regular. It's like breakfast though. It's just like B'S breakfast Cereal except for the marshmallows will mention a really good point. There's No difference between This And this like this and a milk.


It's, I'm Except putting, except for the melted down marshmallows into a glue situation. Yeah, a little bit. All right. Yeah. Well, We got through that. Will, Should we start the recast process? I don't know how much longer we're gonna have Sean with us. You know What a wonderful ride home we had together. What wonderful time spent we had in New York together. We did, We did have a nice time in New York. We got That was fun. We got, we got to see our friend Robert's play, which was amazing. Yes. Yeah. McNeil. It's called McNeil. Go see it at Lincoln Center. Yeah. Yeah. It's Really good. He was so, Robert was so good. Robert Downey was so good in that play. Yeah. How cool was that to go there and see him do that and just excel and be It was, it was, it was a lot of work.


It was very admirable to see. Oh, anything on stage is just nuts. Sean, you should try. I'm gonna try. I somewhere you be showing people what you can do. I think You'd, I eat some Rices Krispies if I go on, If you're calling last long enough to book some sort of a Broadway gig, has Anybody ever done a Broadway show wearing a diaper? Do you know? Hey, Sean. You know, I will say one of the things I enjoyed about going that night was before and afterwards with a very sort of New York theater crowd, seeing how many people, you know, in the community. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. It was really fun. Fun to see. Oh, thanks man, Yeah. It was, it's good to see all those people. It's just like, you know, just like this coast, everybody knows everybody, you know?


Yeah. I really want so badly to do that. To, to, to do something on stage. Will you, you, Well, you better be careful 'cause they're gonna, somebody's gonna hear that. No, I, I I I, I'm screaming it. I I just don't know when the, the time would be the best time, the right time with the kids need. That's a really covered out other stuff that I am working on. And It's a full, I almost, as you know, I almost pulled the trigger this fall to do something. But you've done a bunch in the past, right? You, you Did some Yeah, but not on Broad, but not on Broadway, but On Broadway. But, but from New York Theater. Yeah Yeah. But it, I mean, god damn is million goddamn years ago. But I really was like, I was, you know what?


Sean I was inspired by you and how great you were. Oh, You're Very sweet. And it's true. And I thought, God, that really looks like a lot of fun. And seeing Robert do it looks like a lot of fun. But I and So I, It's you, it's, you have no life. You literal go from the apartment to your theater. To the theater. But that's part of the thing that appeals to me too, is like, you know, New York City's one of my favorite places in the whole world. I've always wanted to live there, but I, I worry that if I just picked up and moved there, I would be like, well, okay, what do I do all day? You know? Because as an, as an actor or a director or whatever, you know, before you're working, you're not doing anything. Right. You have to, and, and, and doing, doing a play would give me rehearsals all day. And then once the rehearsals are done, now I've got something to do at night. And, and then filling a day is, you know, And, I think a lot of the day.


Sean, it feels like a lot of the day, and, and correct me if I'm wrong, is taking care of your health. Yeah. Is PT physical therapy, because you're like, what do you mean? I got it. But it's re it's three repetitive motions, day after day, every single day of like repetitive mouth. That's why. And in the play pizza From off the plate, pizza to mouth. Mouth, the plate into mouth, mouth. Christopher Shoulders, The, in Robert's play, if you remember, there's this one moment where the guy playing his son pushes him on the couch. Right. And the first thing I thought of was Oh. my God his leg must be killing him. 'cause his leg hits the arm of the ch of the couch and he falls on the couch. Falling on the couch isn't horrible 'cause you get cushion. But when his leg hits the couch, n Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, twice on right.


Thursday, Friday, and then twice on Saturday, you have to go get that like, pt you have physical therapy to like figure out how to or wear like a, you Think he's wearing a pad? Pad or something? Yeah. The people with incredibly admirable true labor situations in the are are they want to come through the microphone and blow your brains. I know. Oh, is he banging his leg on a couch once A once a night? Every, they're like these fucking clowns. No, I mean my, These Guys building buildings or fighting wars Or No, I know, totally. I get it. I'm just, just in our little, you know, you know, privileged world.


How many of our listeners do you think are, how many of our listeners are operating a jackhammer while they're listening to us? Do you think? I Don't know, by the way, I got home from, from New York to, you know, to our, our house here in La And, I forgot that I stopped using a sheet under the, under the big The comforter. Yeah. Under the comforter. And it's great. The, the Duvet. Yeah Yeah, So I. Have you guys, do you guys still sleep with a sheet and then a duvet? No, just, yeah. Can't do it. Vet It gets in your legs and you get Tangled. And I. I one better, I go one better. Amanda And I have two separate duvets. Yeah. So that there's no midnight mid That's A good idea. Night fighting over the duvet of her. Oh, that's a good idea. I can, I can cocoon myself. She can cocoon her.


Yeah, you can knock on the door and co and and enter her cocoon if you're, if you know if it's a special night. That's How the kid, that's how the kids were made. When you entered her cocoon, you asked to enter her cocoon, Knock, knock, cocoon, enter. You're very traditional that way. Permission to board. Well, it's permission to board is the language she prefers. And then flutter in like a butterfly. Permission to board. I'm sorry, you're in, you're in the back tonight. Wow. Wow. That's Really funny. I sold, I stole that trick from you JB with the, the separate duvets and very, very helpful Works, right? Yeah. Oh God, it's so bad. But that, but don't you agree that the sheet of sheet you get tangled up in at night, It's not nonsense. I don't, I don't get it.


Yeah, I don't get who That. Alright, here we go. Alright. It's, it's not the classiest transition into our classy guest, but it's gonna have to do gang, what is an impressive number of Grammys to win? Okay. Ooh, Sean. You go first Any more than one Will. Yeah, I would, I would say one is very impressive. One is amazing. It never, but two, like more than one. Right? It wasn't a fluke. No, no. Exactly. Yeah. Correct. Exactly. Well, three would definitely, would definitely. I feel like you're Gonna go higher. I Feel like you're gonna go higher Yeah, but like, what about, what would eight do for you? Well, that would be impressive. That's A, that's a bounty, right?


If you doubled that, it would be it be outrageous. Right. So that's what she's gone and done. She's won 16 Grammy awards. Whoa. She's what? She's also a bestselling author, New York Times List. She's a producer of film and television and Broadway. She's an entrepreneur, a force in the world of activism. She has sold over 65 million records and has had over 5 billion streams. What we can talk about her music, her skincare line, her art collection, or her new Broadway hit, which has received 13 Tony nominations. I've seen it. It's incredible. Please welcome the one and only Alicia Keys Oh. my God That was Right.


This Is amazing. It's a very impressive intro. It's amazing. I didn't embellish any of it. Wow. Hi Oh, my God. It's so nice to meet you. I'm so happy to see you. Jason texted me or emailed me like a, a couple months ago, I don't know, three or four months ago. He is like, you're the, you're the Broadway king or queen? No, I think I said Queen. What? Tell me what show to see. And. I told him to see your show and I did. Yes. You told him to see How's Kitchen Oh my God? Was it good? Yes. My goodness. Oh. yeah. I went with my 17-year-old daughter and we, we lost our mind. That's the vibe right There. So, so damn good. Thank you. Exciting. Remind me, I apologize, I should know this, the, the, the actor that plays you or the version of you, she's just stunning.


She's, She's amazing. Her name is Malia Joy Moon. She's, yes, she's incredible. She just turned 22. Like she's, wow. This is her very first kind of foray into this world. And she's the protagonist of Hell's Kitchen named Ali. So it's, it's, it's awesome. What is that? Like? What is that? I mean, I'm the most obvious dumb answer opener. Yeah. I mean, dumb question, sorry. Is is, what is that like to have gone through that process to go, wow, this, this phenomenal talent is singing my songs and like playing a version of me ish. Kind of. But what was that like? That's must be crazy. Right? So Hell's Kitchen is definitely, it's not autobiographical, but it is based on my experiences growing up in New York.


Right? And so finding that power that, that that girl, that young woman who's on the precipice of kind of, you know, finding who she is and rebelling against all the people that wanna confine her and keep her safe in a box and all those things. And especially based in New York in the nineties, it, it definitely required a certain energy. Yeah and That was actually really tricky to find. 'cause you know, you can't act certain things, you know? Yeah. She had, she did have like this intangible sort of swagger and comfort in her skin and this presence, That was just magnetic from the very start, you know? Yeah. And, and Phenomen, she just took you the whole way through it, as did the rest of the cast.


It was done. Yeah. It's gonna be hard to find that person. I mean, I, yeah. You know, as it, it definitely, you know, we workshoped obvious, we developed this piece for 13 years, so, wow. God, it definitely took quite a long time. But I think that the, the coolest part is really, you know, when you do find those spirits and that energy, same with the mom who plays Jersey Hashanah. Yeah. Being is just like Yeah. She's exploding your brain. She's h Hilarious. Yeah Yeah, You can't even, it's so, it's thrilling. I would imagine that maybe at the beginning, 13 years ago, you might humbly say that you're not young enough to play that part right now.


But I would disagree with you, but certainly 13 years ago, it must have been a conversation at some point that you might play that part. Maybe. You know, I, I really, I I I, I didn't plan to play the part. I mean, maybe there was conversations at times Yeah or maybe it would be like we could do some fun limited moment of it or something. Yeah. But I realized that it really is so, it's so cool to be able to just come to the theater, watch the show. You know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah not have to deliver. It's a lot Less work to watch it than to be In it. Am I remembering correctly that you, that you did perform with them at the Tony's I?


did I, did you, did Yeah, Yeah, I? did, you know, just con just harvest the New York energy for The moment. Yeah, that must have been exciting to like, to, to be on stage with them and, and do some of that stuff. Yeah, And That was my first, That was my first Tony's ever, you know, so That was a, a unique experience. Super cool. That's Great. Have you done, have you, have you done a musical a a or a play or anything as, as an actor? As an actor? I have not as a producer, I did a a, a play called Stick Fly, which was one of the most written by Lydia Diamond. It was one of the most like, unique, incredible pieces. Yeah about a family, a black family in Martha's Vineyard. And it was like stunning. It was really, really unique.


Yeah That was one of the first ones. And, and so, but this would be my first musical. Would You, do you have any design, like what we were talking about earlier, to, to go on stage and, and, and do a play as either as an actor or, or a a dancer singer, you know, in a musical? You know, I have to say that I have the utmost respect for these artists. I think that artists and musicals are by far the most talented. You have to be a triple threat at all times. Yeah Yeah agreed. You have to deliver every single part of it. I don't know if I would have that stamina and that capacity, To be honest. Yeah, you seem, you seem kinda limited in what you can do in this life. No, no.


For You, for knowing your ceiling. No, but I was just talking about, like, we were talking about it before you came on, Alicia, the, this, the stamina of it. You hit it, which is the stamina of it. Not just going and being amazing, performing and singing and, and doing all that, but doing it night after night. I, it's mind blowing to me. Yeah. But, you Do it, Alicia, when you go on tour, tour, when you do it on a tour, Yeah Yeah, it's kind of like a, you know, It's totally like tour for sure. And tour is, tour is hard. Tour is not eight nights a week, eight shows a week. This is true. Or nine shows a week. It's not, you know, I'm, I'm probably doing five shows a week, maximum Yeah, but still. And, and, but I definitely And I think that's what as, as the lead producer of the show and also just the, I think me having that experience is definitely different for them because they know that I do understand the rigor and the power and the Yeah energy it takes to harness to bring that together.


So they definitely feel like understood by me. And I totally understand it. So, but it's, it's incredible watching them work and, and so yes. Could I do it? Yes, I could do it, but I actually haven't, I haven't done it yet. Right. Yeah. Well, maybe, maybe you And I'll do a two-hander. Right. I'll find something. We can, This is a great, this is, we're making news, this, we're making news, making news. Yeah. We're making news today. We're gonna do it together. Alright, so Alicia, so now speaking of that of Hell's Kitchen is the part, you say it's loosely based on, on your upbringing or inspired by the, tell me about the, the early part of that, of that story with, with the, with the influence of the, of the, of, of the mentor and, and, and the piano playing.


How, how did all that, how did you find the piano? Is that true to story there? How did, take me through that start of the, the musical sort of fascination for you. Music fascination. Sorry. Okay. The mu just music fascination for me. Yeah. Separate of the musical. Correct. Correct. Okay. Yeah, how'd you start playing music? Right? How Did I start? Thank you for direct Question. Yeah. A different, I do tend to flower. How'd you, how'd you do music First? Yeah. Yeah. So, Well, I guess I, I started playing, I started playing piano around six or seven years old. And Were people playing piano at home? Like, like were your mom and dad super into it or, you Know, they weren't, my I was raised by my mother.


She, she was definitely a, an artist, but not necessarily a musician. My grandmother, her mother did play piano. Okay. So, I do remember when we would, she would come watch me when my mother would have to go outta town for work or whatever, and she would play the piano. Or if we visited her. And she, they grew up in Toledo, Ohio. So if we went to Ohio to visit grandma Wow. She definitely would play piano. So she was, she was a PA person who played piano in my life. But the, the, the, the obsession with piano was felt kind of natural. It just, I was drawn to it in this very natural way. I would pass the Steinway store on 57th Street. Yeah Yeah. I was just like Oh. yeah.


Nose to the windows. Like, Oh really? I love that. Did you study? I love that store too. And. I. Don't even play piano And. I've always been fascinated with that story. Yeah, I love it too. But did you, did you sit down and so you started taking lessons. You were, how long did you say you were? Like you were little. Yeah. Seven. Six or Seven. So did you sit down and were you like, yeah, I, I get this, like, they're like, this is this, and you're like, yeah, I kind of got this. It was definitely not as, learning an instrument is not natural. It's, it is difficult. You know, it's, it's not, and especially as a young person and you're kind of trying to find your focus and how do you like put it all together and the, the ambidextrous, you know, using both hands Yeah at the same time, two different things. I remember when I first started playing Bach, who's one is my favorite composers Bach.


I just, I love the way like the right hand will take it and then the left hand will grab it. But you left hand. I'm a right. I'm righty. So my left hand is not as strong as my right hand. So the practice that it would take to kind of be able to find the fluidity was really, really hard. Yes. So I definitely didn't remember being just like, oh, poof, I can play anything At any time. Right, right, right. But how about the, the Bach, like impromptu and the fugues where like you're saying like you have to, all cylinders have to be firing with the left, but the right is trained. It's easier to play the right 'cause the right always plays the melody. And the left is the foundation, the base. So there's very few composers that write as intricately as Bach for the left hand.


I agree. So it's kind of a screws with your mind. That's why I look at a drummer and I'm like, okay. Right. I thought playing piano was hard. Drummer, you gotta have all limbs going all the time. Like, I don't understand that. An independent of one another Yeah, You put, there's a drummer, I don't want to just sidebar, there's this drummer, I swear to God, he is a Spanish drummer and his name is like es opio or something. He's made his name for himself. He's become quite big on Instagram. Mm. This guy, Oh, I know this guy. Do you know that guy? Yes. Yes. He, he's the most incredible drummer, Alicia. You can't believe this guy what he can do. It's un Oh, send me one of those. 'cause I, I, I love drumming that, Oh, I will always wanted to be a drummer. And there are, there are people out there who have Instagram accounts that are almost based solely on watching him play on his Instagram account.


Right. And then they just spend the, they're drummers who are going like, what the hell is this happen? How Do he do this? And how do he Do this? And he's like, no, it's really easy everybody. And he does this, and then all of a sudden the left leg, and then he's got, and he's got like a triple base pedal sometimes going at the same time. Like, it's not, anyway, it's amazing. But so you learn. It's insane. So you're learning that stuff, like you're, and it, and then, but there's a moment where, where what? It just like, it just hits you. Like how Yeah. When did the crossover from classical, like when we were kids, we all kind of took those classical piano lessons. Right, That's true. I I stayed on that path for many, many years. And you went, wait a minute, what's this, this isn't classical. This is much cooler.


I think that, well, at first I started to really discover, I, I discovered jazz and like unique, I I really discovered Stride piano. Yeah. And That was actually really cool for me. Scott Joplin. What's That? Yes. Stride. It's like, and so you, the way you play, it's like, it's a lot of jumping. Oh, gotcha. Okay. Riding and you're doing, so you're, it's a whole nother way. It almost sounds like boogie Woogie, like a little bit Yeah. You know what I mean? It's, it's the beginnings of it for sure. Yeah Yeah because it was like the twenties and, you know, Yeah How interesting. And so it's, it's really cool. And I. Remember my piano teacher used to make me play it blindfolded and she was really trying to make sure that I could get outta like, trying to look and just That's amazing.


Try to find, and it without looking was terrifying. I was like, I can't, how Can I reach, look Luke Skywalker Right. Just What can I, and and she was big on, she was big on like, never apologize. Oh, I'm sorry I messed up. Don't apologize. Do not apologize. Yes. And if I made a mistake, she's like, I would go back. She's like, never go back. Just keep going forward. Right. Don't acknowledge the, The the mistake. Just go. Yeah. And I think that taught me a lot. I think that taught me a lot to just like, just keep rolling. Just keep trying to find your way through it. A great life lesson. Yeah Yeah didn't always work, but Yeah Yeah. Just, just try to keep going. Yeah Yeah. We'll be right back.


You know, my lifetime, I worked in a lot of offices. I used to work at a box office for a dinner theater, which also doubled as a ticket printing company place. I think you know, the one. And then when I got older, I worked in more offices. I used to work in an interior design office. I know a little too on the nose. But while there are many different types of offices out there, one thing's for certain, choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge responsibility. Well, if you're hiring and wanna find the best candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart Technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. You can invite top candidates for your job to apply to encourage them to apply sooner. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire


In Batman Arkham shadow. You don't just control Batman. You become Batman and experience Gotham City through his eyes. An experience only possible on Medi Quest three and three s. This is your chance to face off with beloved friends against a new enemy. To save Gotham City at its worst Batman AUM, shadow Reimagines the Arkham experience for vr, mixing the series signature freeform combat with exploration and puzzle solving. Deliver bone crunching blows, or pick off foes one by one from the shadows. Use detective Vision to scour crime scenes for hidden clues. Glide down from the rooftops and strike terror into your enemies pushing the Met Quest three and three as virtual reality to its limit. This is your chance to use some of Batman's most powerful gadgets and skills like the battering and grab no gun and also Bat Claw. Don't forget shot gloves and also explosive gel. Become the Night Batman AUM. Shadow is included when you buy me Quest three and three s available now. Learn more@batmanarcamshadow.com. Rated a T for Teen Batman aum. Shadow is only in VR on me. Quest three and three s offer valid on qualifying products purchased from September 25th, 2024 through April 30th, 2025 terms apply.


SmartLess fans. Your favorite podcast is some must have merch waiting for you at the SiriusXM online store. And here's the best part, the store is powered by Shopify. So grabbing your gear is as easy as pressing play on a new episode. We're grateful Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you. Our listeners. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats and coffee mugs. Shameless plugs, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person. POS system. Shopify's got you covered. Plus sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All Star. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash SmartLess now to grow your business no matter what stage you are in


And back to the show. So you, you end up going, what, through high school did you go to like a performance arts type School? I did. I went to a performing arts junior high school like 7, 8, 9. And then all the way through high school professional performing arts school. It was like a small version of the Fame school. Oh. yeah. So That was cool. Oh. yeah. Nice. And but there it was more music. It was, it was more vocal singing, arranging. And that's where I met my teacher, Ms. Aziza, who actually the character of Ms. Liza Jane in Hell's Kitchen is based is, is inspired by Mrs. Aziza, that teacher. Wow. And my grandmother kind of a mixture of the two of them.


Yeah. And I met her there and she was a big influence just on kind of like arranging and singing and harmonizing and creating and producing. And as a woman, and also when I put my eyes on Nina Simone, she was a woman that truly liked just Oh. yeah. Blew my mind. I was like, oh, she's Great. Oh. yeah, this is crazy. And That was the mixture of classical and r and b and soul and blues. And that's where I started realizing, oh, you can merge and fuse these sounds. Yeah. And then hip hop was a big inspiration for me just on the streets of New York. So it all kind came together. Oh, it's such an exciting sound. Well, we, We hope it works out for you. Thank You. Is that, is that woman, is that woman That?


was your, your mentor there at the performing arts school? Is she still with us? Yes. And believe it or not, she plays piano for the Miss Liza Jane character in Hell's Kitchen. Like Oh my God No Way For real. That was cool. That's amazing. Insane. It's so Cool because that That was gonna be my question. Like, did did she get to see any of your success? So she's still here with us and is a part of it. It's A, it's, it's a blessing. How rewarding is that? Very, very, I mean, when That was, when That was a conversation and you know how on Broadway it's like quite like all industries, it's quite institutionalized and there's like kind of a way that things go with the thing and you hire the people that are always hired in the thing and you do the thing that's always done in the thing.


And so it was really a big, really a big part of it. And I think everything is evolving now to really start to break through Yeah, those, those those traditions that are now ready to evolve. And so to really bring people into the mix that maybe aren't normally in it really creates just another energy. And, I think you feel it. It is, it is an interesting medium, right? The talking more about theater and Broadway specifically, it's, it, it, the backbone of it is supported by the folks that have been going there for years and years and years. The subscription audience, And I, I'll bet that it's a very complicated and, and and disciplined process to try to transition that with somewhat conservative audience into the more modern takes on art and, and what qualifies as entertainment nowadays and, and all this sort of atypical stuff.


It's a really, a lot of interesting things going on there right now. Right. Well I would imagine. But what do you, what do you think, I wonder if if a lot of those people also, what percentage of them when they, when you do sign up for that, when that's your thing, you're kind of saying to a group of artists or a group, you're saying, take me on a journey. Like, open my mind to new stuff. I'm here, I wanna see what is new. Like it's a little bit of both. Do you know what I mean? Probably. Yeah. You hope. I dunno. You Hope. I think people, I think people want a great story. And I think that what happens is as when you're able to deliver a story. We, if it's a song, if it's a play, if it's a musical, if it's, if it's theater, if it's a film, if it's a piece of art.


Like if you are, if you're able to create this emotional connection, I do think that if you do it in a slightly different way, but at, but they can follow the emotional arc of it. Yeah. Then people are open. I think, I think that's, I think that that's at the heart of a lot of things. Even with a great song, you might completely create a new genre, but when you have that song that you know you can sing and you feel it emotionally, it really doesn't actually matter. Ultimately, So I think there's something that people are looking for that connects to them. Can I ask Question? Jason's a real storyteller. I think he was about to say that. I think Can I, can I ask you about that? That, because this is a little off topic, but like, speaking of drums, I always listen to like just the drums in a song.


Most people listen to the lyrics. I've tried to listen to the lyrics and train myself to be that kind of music in enjoy music in that way. But so often I can't hear what they're saying. Right. And so to, to go to your point about if it's, you know, you're telling a story through lyrics and through a song. Do you ever battle with that when you're recording and it just sounds better to kind of not enunciate a line, but then do you battle yourself going? Yeah, but if they miss that line, they kind of miss a part of the story. Do do you ever have that struggle as a, as a singer? That's A good point. I mean, there's definitely lines that just because of the emotion of it or the way that you wanted to deliver it, it might not be as clear as ever.


And definitely that's more even now, like there is like this, this, this, this way of delivering that nec not necessarily clear, but as the songwriter, because I am the songwriter, I do feel connected to wanting to the, wanting the lyrics to connect to each other. You know, I want, I want them to like Yeah and To be clear so that people can kind of follow. Jason used to always think that song was, I wanna know who Doug is. Right. You always, that Always happens. I will, I I'll be honest though, the, the one the last time, one of the last times I looked up lyrics 'cause I was a part of a song I just couldn't understand and now feel like an idiot that I didn't was Concrete Jungle where Dreams are made of I was just like Oh.


yeah. That fits. No, people have all types of, they say concrete, jungle, wet Dreams, tomatoes, they have all kinds of crazy Ation. I have one, I have one. It was an old song from the eighties called from group called Till Tuesday, Amy May. And she, it was hush, hush hush. It was hush hush voices Carry and Yes. And the lyrics are hush hush. Keep it down. Now Voices Carry. And all through high school I was like hush hush. We go downtown. It's so scary. Wait, wait a second. Awful. Wait a second. I wanna say, because JB you brought it up, empire set in Mind.


I mean, that song is, it must be kind of An anthem. It is an anthem. It's such an iconic song. A an iconic song about New York. It's so emblematic of a time. There is part I I love that So I don't think that there's anybody who hears that song who doesn't turn it up. Yeah. And get and feel good. And even those sort of like, you know, millennial white chicks are like, that's my fucking jam. You Know, it's, I think it's replaced. It's the modern day Frank Sinatra version of New York. New York. Like, it's like, that's the Absolutely. It's the new anthem, Alicia. It's incredible. Do you feel a, not even, not a burden, I don't wanna say a burden, but, but like, just not a burden.


That's a, because that's a sort of, has a negative connotation, but do you, are you able to appreciate or understand how meaningful that song is? Yeah, IIII feel so like, stunned by many of the songs that like become a soundtrack to people's life. It's like crazy. Yeah. It, and for it to just live and evolve and, and continue to be like a staple like that. Particularly for my hometown. I mean, that is my hometown Yeah. And the craziest part is, you know, there was a moment where that song wasn't even gonna happen really. Or it wasn't gonna happen with me because there was some things at the time and Jay was kind of trying to get in touch with me about doing the song.


And Yeah. At the time, the people that I was working with it, whatever happened, it just like didn't get to me. And, and, and he was gonna have to move on. 'cause he was like, I I, I don't know. It's not working out. I can't get a response. It's not gonna happen. Literally. Just 'cause he couldn't get in touch. I find it so hard to believe that Jay-Z couldn't get in touch with Alicia Keys. You know what I Mean? Your reps were putting up too high a wall. It wasn't progressing in the way that needed to happen. Right, right, right. To make it happen. And I wasn't aware of that. Fortunately he was friends with a friend of mine and, you know, That was kind of how we got a chance to connect. And I was like, what, what do you mean you haven't heard from me? I'm, I'm here. I am. What do you mean Yeah? Oh, isn't That funny? Everybody from the outside, like, my idiot is like, oh, everybody in the music world must know each other.


Everybody Yeah Yeah. You know, we know we definitely, we, you know, a lot of people and you connect in a lot of ways and then sometimes you don't, you know, so yeah, There's no hotline, right. Let me call these. So thank goodness that happened because man, no kidding. It was, it would've been crazy for it to not happen. And, and so that, and hearing the way that song has taken, you know, just its own place in the universe, what Was that process like, recording that song? As much as you're comfortable talking about, like how did that sort of, so he gets in touch with you and he's like, what, how was Tuesday at 11? Yeah. So weird. So was it his, was it his song that he brought you into? Or vice versa.


He had begun the song Yeah, so he was like, here's the vibe of it. Here's the beginning of it. Because You're a songwriter on it as well. Yeah, Correct. Yeah Yeah. And there are o there are also other tremendous songwriters on it. So it's like a, it's, it is one of those songs that had that right collaboration of all the right people together, Yeah and, and so and so it had, it had the beginnings of it and it was, it was starting to really take shape. And when I heard it, I was like, his lyrics weren't even completely finished. He maybe had like a beginning of a verse and But you could tell, you could just feel it. The all the parts were just incredible.


And so I was like, man, we got to do this asap, And I. Remember the soonest I could do it. I was in LA And, and, and so I was like, all right, I'll cut it while I'm in la. And I was in, I was there And I wasn't feeling the best. I was a little bit sick. I was on tour. I was a little bit run down. So I sing the song. I gave it my all. And I sing it. I sang, I send it back and he's like, Hmm, Yeah, we'll be in touch. Yeah. Do you think you could sing it one more time? And I was like, what? Like what do you mean sing it one more time? What do you mean? Why do I have to sing it one more time? But I was sick. It was, I mean, we can't sing a New York song in la It's just like, Yeah Yeah, You gotta be in the space.


So I've said that to Sean so many times. Yeah, So many. So we were able to take it back again. He was like, could you put some of that? Like when you go, yeah. Can you do something like all that and then do it one more time? Yeah. He said that he had to like, he had to think about how he was gonna call me and tell me this for like a decent amount of time. He was like, how do I say this in a way that feels encouraging, right? But sure enough, I got back to my studio in New York. It was the right time. I felt much better. We delivered the whole thing. And, and that's when it like, really got that magic. And that's the version that you hear when we, when we redid it again. It's, it is pretty funny. But it was great. Have You guys, have you guys performed it together?


I think at the, even at the Tony's, like, I feel like he was like on a different stage maybe, or We performed it at the Tony's together. Yeah, we performed it at the World Series. The of, of the Yank the Yankees World Series That was one of the first plays we performed. It Oh my God, I gotta look that up. And then And, then We did another one. Maybe it was like the AMAs or something like that. So we maybe three times like Yeah, three or four times we've done We did one where I took over Times Square and the whole Times Square and every like building had, Oh, I'm gonna look that up too. Was that shot? That must be on YouTube. That Was insane. That Must have been So. I mean by the way, also, not just in New York. If you're in Times Square, you're blocks away from where you grew up.


Right? Like, you're right there. And I remember getting off a stage that night, I was like, if I, if this is my last day Yeah Yeah, I'm good. Like I'm good. I feel like I'm good. Well, like That's what Sean said, walked out when he walked out of an Arby's once And they had all the horsey sauce he could handle. So could You, I stole some of that sauce once. go Ahead. Did you, did you ever allow yourself to even dream of, of things like that when you were, and it's, is this true when you, when you signed your first record with your first record label at 15, God that's, did you, did you think, well I am starting nice and young here. Things are looking good. Something like performing in Times Square, getting Tony's, Grammys, all that stuff.


That is possible. Did you allow yourself to dream that big? I feel like there's, there's, there's things that you definitely dream of. And I do feel like the, the, the big stage singing in front of the Mirror. Like one day they'll all sing my songs. I do remember having those moments. 'cause you were, you know, you're looking at a Whitney Houston or Michael Jackson, Yeah Yeah Yeah. You're like, man, maybe one day would it be like that. I remember feeling like that. I do recall that when we, you know, speaking at the Time Square when We did take over Times Square, I remember feeling like I never dreamed this big before. Like I never even thought that something like this. So What does that do? Does it make you nervous when it hits you like that?


Does it, do you get, like, does it, are you like, gosh, I dunno if I'm deserving of this. This is weird. This is freaky. Or did you like, you know what, I worked hard, I deserved to be here. Like what was the emotion behind that when you first felt that? I definitely have gone through my, don't deserve this phase for sure. Had plenty of that. I Wake up that way. All Of us Get in line. Yeah. But I think that in that moment I felt like this adrenaline, this like unbelievable adrenaline. I'm like, we shut down the entire time Square. There's 2000 cops out here making sure that all the people have their place to be. We have every screen we meticulously chose how each screen is gonna reflect.


The songs we're singing. I was like, that's incredible. This John Mayer's coming out, Jay-Z's coming out. Quest Love is playing drums. I'm like, this shit is out of control. Oh. yeah. I more felt like a disbelief, like a adrenaline excitement. Pinch me. Yeah. How did this happen? Yeah. Oh, So you were there, you were present. I well, I bet. Well I Yeah Yeah And I Bet. If you're I bet. Because like you said, like having that moment of saying like, I never dreamed this big, this is beyond what I thought. You almost don't have a chance maybe to be nervous because you have no preconceived notion of being in this situation. Wow. That's a good one. You Know what I mean? Yeah, that's a good one. I mean, you feel nervous because I feel like that's a healthy emotion.


Like, you know, you, you feel those. That's why I guess it's adrenaline more. 'cause you feel like that energy and you feel like, whoa, let me, let me And I think. What I do remember though, especially during this time, I remember feeling like I was starting to talk to myself about being comfortable, being great. I wanted to become comfortable. That's good. Being great and not somehow kind of getting in my own way for it. You know? And, and that's actually a conversation that I have to have often with myself. Like, you're going to take this moment and you are, you are allowed to execute this moment to the highest capacity as opposed to like, I'm gonna fuck this up.


I'm, this ain't gonna go right, this Yeah. You know, all these things that we allow in our head playing defense. So, I. Just like, I remember I was talking to myself in that way. So I was like go like go go. Just go. And And I felt it. That Is so evolved. That is, I wrote that down. Write that too. I don't need to write it down. Comfortable being great. I never, I'm want tattoo that someone I never have to worry about being great So I. Don't have to worry about it. Well don't you say that Will No, it's okay. Get over here. Right? Wait, Wait. Is that a double negative or like a double Positive? Yeah, no, I know. I'm just, I'm leaving the door open for all you guys to go compliments and stuff like that. Alicia, where did you know, I mean, we're talking about that, that sort of God writing this songs like and all the, right, when did you start, when's the moment I'm always interested when you're, you're playing and you're learning how to play and you're going through and you're developing your skill and all that in your artistry.


And then when do you start writing song? When do you have the audacity to write a song? Like, I wouldn't have the gut to, you know, I love that question. My first, the first time I had the audacity to write a song was 11. And it was, it was actually a really important moment. 'cause I had lost my grandfather and That was the first kind of big loss in my life in that way. That just felt so like, whoa. I didn't know what to do with it. And and That was the first time that I was moved to write because I felt something That was so genuine that it, I had to write the thing. And That was the That was the basis of how I learned how to song write. And so that's actually my style of writing.


I write because I feel the thing to write. And so and so, even though it was a, you know, a sad time for me, I do feel like it connected me with the idea of how do you bring out whatever that emotion is into real life. And so That was, when I first wrote That was my first song. My second song I wrote at 14 and That was that actually made it on my first album. And That was, That was kind of like, because it was my first love And I just had this feeling And I never felt that feeling before. And So I wrote that type of feeling down. And that song's called Butterflies. And that's on the, that's on the first album. Yeah, I know that song. And That was kind of my first other one. And then from there, you know, other things kind of flew.


Yeah. Well so that now, so that first first album was songs in a minor. Yes. Yes. And was a big hit Massive success. Yeah. And so when you walk into your second album, did you, did you allow yourself to be great or were you playing defense? You know, how early on did you, did you start to kind of lean forward and, and go, okay, let's get going and let's have a long career here? I mean, it was definitely always the talk of the sophomore jinx. I mean, people always say like, that's when it, yeah, you get your whole life to write your first album and then you, you get like two months to write the next one or whatever it is.


But I remember feeling pretty supported to be able to go in and just start to craft and play. It was my, I had just come off my first tour. That was like a mind bender. 'cause I was just like, what are these people doing here? Why, why are they here? Yeah, Yeah. And, and, and when I was able to kind of let release that and be back into a quiet space back in New York, it felt really nice just to be like in that, in that universe. I didn't, at the time, I thought I had to work every hour of every day, of every minute of every second because I had to like deliver these, this thing. Yeah. So I didn't understand the balance yet of like, how do you actually enjoy and then create And. I didn't have that down yet, but I felt like I had time to create.


And then all of a sudden, once we found the first song, then time kind of got cut short and they were like, now we're moving. Let's go So I. But I didn, I didn't. So That was actually a very difficult process because I was continuing to write and promoting the record before the record was finished. And That was, That was, That was hard for me. I was like 22 or 21 or whatever I was at that time. Right. And. I remember just asking, 'cause I was in Europe and we started in Europe. And I asked them to please sit me in a, in a restaurant for whatever 800 hours of interviews that we were doing. So, I could see the Eiffel Tower. We were in Paris. I said, I just want to see the Eiffel Tower. Yeah, that's hysteric.


That's a really, actually that's a really great move. I really like that. I like that because you're like, Hey, if I'm gonna be stuck here doing this, I wanna look at something nice. Yeah. I Want one my experience to be kind of, you know, good I That in the place, in the Space. That's great. That's, you know what, that's a really good sign of self-care. You've got like a healthy dose of self-care on you. Speaking of self-care, you've got, you've got, you've, you've branched out into a a, a, A is it, how would you qualify it? A skincare line? No, I Would call it a lifestyle. Yeah. I would call it a lifestyle brand. But it is based in, it's called SoulCare. Yeah. And it is based in these offerings of skincare or body care.


Yeah. That really give you the opportunity to connect with a deeper part of yourself. And So I love, we have affirmations on every bottle. Ah, that's right. And everything is kind of, you know, there's crystals and ancient rituals and all these beautiful organic ingredients that really help. Well Yeah. Lemme tell you, lemme tell you that the skin thing is working because your skin is like Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. You look 12. Thank You Yeah. Well listen, I'm just happy that we are not gonna use this recording 'cause I'm like, great, I could just jump out the shower. That's why we do it. Hop on. That's why we don't release the video. Exactly. Because thank you Yeah Yeah. They don't have to worry about what they're gonna gonna wear, what their hairs fucking like, what they exactly. Perfect. So thank you. Thank you. It's the best.


And we will be right back


In Batman Arkham Shadow. You don't just control Batman. You become Batman and experience Gotham City through his eyes. An experience only possible on me. Quest three and three s, this is your chance to face off with beloved friends against a new enemy. To save Gotham City at its worst, Batman Arkham Shadow Reimagines the AUM experience for vr. Mixing the series signature freeform combat with exploration and puzzle solving. Deliver bone crunching blows, or pick off foes one by one from the shadows. Use detective vision to scour crime scenes for hidden clues. Glide down from the rooftops and strike terror into your enemies. Pushing the MedQuest three and threes virtual reality to its limit. This is your chance to use some of Batman's most powerful gadgets and skills like the battering and grl gun and also Bat Claw. Don't forget shock gloves and also explosive gel. Become the knight batman ark com. Shadow is included when you buy me Quest three and three s available now. Learn more@batmanarcamshadow.com. Rate a T for teen Batman Arcam. Shadow is only in VR on me. Quest three and three s offer ballot on qualifying products purchased from September 25th, 2024 through April 30th, 2025. Terms apply.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it now. They partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com. Hilton for this day,


Sick and tired of traditional old workout gear. Discover Vuori Vuori products are designed to work out in, but also to look great in everyday life outside of the gym. Vuori makes super comfy and versatile apparel that can be used for running, training, swimming, yoga, or just lounging around for both men's and women's items. You'll love. You need to check out the Dream Knit Collection. The dual Gender Dream knit collection is great for stretching and lounging and has the perfect items to wear for low impact workouts. The dream knit collection is made with special dream knit fabric, which is moisture wicking, made from 89% recycled materials and has four-Way performance stretch. The Ponto Performance Jogger is a great jogger for men. While women will love the Performance jogger, I know people say this, but I actually really am wearing Vuori shorts right now. I have the Ponto short in Heather Gray. And not only do I feel confident if somebody knocks on the door and delivers something to And I open 'em. Like, yeah, I'm wearing Vuori. What's it, what's with it? Yeah, I'm in shorts. What's the problem? Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus, enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. Now the, the going back to allow yourself to, to be great. I, I would imagine the roots of that, if not verbatim, was given to you by an, a, a, an adult in your life when you were younger and if That was your mom. Do you, have you had that con you have you have children now. Are they, have you had that yet? Do you enjoy sharing that and, and helping, you know, these, these little birds jump outta the nest? I do. I mean, it's really, it is really incredible the conversations that we have and also just like observing them and seeing what they're feeling and what they're experiencing, and also allowing them to draw their own conclusions too, which is a, which is, you know, unique.


Because I think sometimes as parents or as people who have more experience, you always wanna kind of lay your whole thing on a person sometimes. Right. Cut some corners for them. Yeah. It's You do, like, if you're just listening to me, I swear, be just Fine. Right. I can't, but kids, the home and parents are the last place kids and people kids listen to. Right. It seems like the older they get, especially in teenager years, you guys tell me, I don't have kids, but it always seems like their lessons and the inspiration and the motivation always comes from outside sources, which is so weird. 'cause as a parent, you're like, Jason, like you're saying, you're just like, no, but listen to what I'm telling you. Right. But they need to like, make their own scars too, you know? It's like Yeah. 'cause It's just noise, I guess after a while, While, but they do have, they do have, I have all boys and, and my, my teenage boys, I'm, they're, I'm always like, well, don't take my word for it.


I mean, I, you know, I only got this far, I'm, and they're like, whatever, Yeah, But they don't Yeah, they don't, can't pro, they're like, sure. Whatever. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Right. But, you know, I think that, I do think they definitely get a lot from my side, and especially now, like all of the phones, the social medias like crazy. The amount of information that they're getting, which some of it is like, you know, incredible. Like they're actually leaps and bounds ahead of us in so many ways. And some of it is just like, man, there's so much to figure out what's real and what's not real. And, you know, what do you learn from that? Or what do you take from that? So I think, I think although they are getting a lot of information from outside, they do know if you open a door, they do know that they can trust when they speak with you that, you know, they can kind of share their thoughts.


And it is a safe person. Yes. I'm always surp. Yeah, that's a good point. I'm always surprised I, now I'm going back on what I just said. I'm always surprised when there are kids, there are parents who've done, who've done it correctly where the kids do listen to what their parents' saying they do listen. And there's a, there's a respect there that the parents have taught the kids, so that as they get older, they actually listen to what their parents say. I've, I've witnessed this. Both, both sides, you know, both versions. I think they hear you sometimes they might not do exactly what you want them to do or you're hoping they do, but they they are, they do internalize what you're saying. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And it comes out at, in different points, Yeah Yeah. And, and what I've, what I've started hearing more and more lately, And, I, I think I'm, I'm a believer in it, is that as, as articulate as you can be, as as profound as you can be with the shit you tell your kid, really the thing that penetrates and, and, and, and holds with them as example.


Like, they watch you, they want you do what you do and, and, and not what you do. And yeah. Living a good example, I think is the, the best thing you can give your kid. I think that's true. And, I think that goes for kind of all relationships too. I think just with people in general and, and you know, I have a good friend, we talk about this all the time, which is you, you can't really coach people up. You can only model it Oh. yeah. And yeah. Especially people that you're really close with. Right. It's really tough and interpersonal relationship to coach 'em up to say like, Hey, you need to be doing this, or Hey, this is how and all you can do. And certainly it goes JB to what you were saying, like it goes like that for your kids. You just model it Yeah and you just behave a certain way and your kids what I know, again, I'm no expert, but my kids, my reaction to stuff gives them a lot of information.


That's great. Right. So if they're, if they get a bad grade or if they get a thing like that, if how I react to it is really important and informing them on how that they Should, that's, yeah. That's interesting. Yeah, Yeah, I want to talk about, we're almost outta time here. We won't let you get back in your busy life, but your, your, your passion for art and your, your considerable collection with your husband. Talk to me about that. It, I know that you, you enjoy, you enjoy discovering and supporting new and emerging artists. And did it, did it start with that your fascination with, with art, your passion for art or, or did That, was that just a part that became sort of the, the philanthropy of it all?


Man, no, I mean, my husband really is a incredible lover of art. And he is, has an uncanny ability to really identify artists that are, are going to be, you know, yeah. The next, next and the next. And so it's unreal. And so, and that's because he actually, he actually, we are artists obviously. He also is an artist who, who draws and paints. Yeah. And so there's this, there's this real genuine love for the art that I think comes from being artists Yeah. And connecting with artists. And also, you know, being in position of owning our art and being the custodians of art in a way that like is, is a, is protecting it.


You know, Yeah, I love that. Just exploiting it. And so Yeah Yeah that, But You're displaying it too, right? That's, it's isn't you're collection a portion of it on tour right now? Is that, is that what You're call it's, it started at the Brooklyn Museum. It's called the, it's called Giants. We called it Giants because it's, it's all these oversized works Yeah. Of artists. Wow. And it is also, we consider the artists in, in, in the exhibition giants of their craft. They're, they're, they're masterpieces And you hate the jets And What, and you hate the Jets because The Jets, Right. And the Dodges I was like, wait, wait, what? What, What, Who, who are the artists? Wait, Alicia, who are the artists? I'm really interested, I'm so jealous of you. Who are the artists that you really, that are exciting you right now?


And they don't have to be new? Like, what are the things? I don't know. There's so many incredible, unbelievable artists. I mean, on in Giants, we actually just opened it at the High Museum. So it's touring now in Atlanta at the High museum. Mm. And man, all of the artists in this exhibition are completely tremendous. Jordan Castile is a beautiful young artist that we adore. Amy. She is super incredible. And when you, when you see these works of art, it's, it's unbelievable. Jamele Shabazz is paired with Gordon Parks, Yeah Yeah. You see the photography side of the lens from the thirties, the forties and the fifties and sixties up to Jemele Shabazz starting in the eighties.


And it just really shows the pass off of the inspiration. I'm the super, super dummy asshole who doesn't, who wished they understood it. I did it. Like I Yeah, Yeah But. you know what? But Sean, we talked about this this summer, which is, I am so new to it. I, I realized about five, no, I've always known this, but I said this. So I met a bunch of artists this summer. And I kept saying, I have this crazy blind spot in my life, which is, I never appreciated art in a way, or I never understood it. I never spent the time And I feel like you're Like, we don't go to museums. I felt really delinquent or galleries or go to shows to see, Just because I'll go, because I'll go to a museum and there'll be A-A-A-A-A canvas, a painting that is from the floor to the ceiling that is massive, that takes up the whole wall.


And it's just painted one color. It's just painted black. Let's just painted painted red or whatever it is. And I'll go, I could have done that. That's dumb. And then somebody would go, no, that's brilliant because, and then I'll go, oh, wow. It's kind of fascinating. Right? Yeah, Yeah, you know. Well, I, I went, And I met this, I met and he was there the other night I met. So this summer I, I, I met and hung out a couple times. I went to his house. He's a, a friend of a friend to Rashid Johnson's house, and he's got all this art in his rashid's, got all this and a bunch of his own art. And I'm like, and he, and he was the guy. And I said, I go, Rasheed, I gotta be honest with you, I don't know anything about art. And he, and literally he was so kind. And he goes, I got you. Right. I got, and so we started talking and he started kind of like educating me and saying, things are things I, I really Wanna learn.


I actually wanna learn me. Yes, dude, me too. And what's really what I found as, you know, I started reading biographies on artists and it gives you such a sense of who they are. Yeah. And then when you do that, then you start to appreciate their process. Kinda Like how you found soccer. Right. Will like, you start learning about kind of the players and the whole, it's true of drama behind the team. Yeah. Just like anything you get. That's exactly How I got into it. And when I discovered the blend of Rice Krispies and marshmallows, I was like this. Oh. Yeah. You are the one eating the marshmallows and the rice fishing trees. Oh. yeah. I was trying to figure out who, Oh, Listen, because I couldn't, He, he's a, he's a test kitchen for the craft food corporation. He, he does it while we record.


Let me ask you a super dumb practical question. You say all these, all these pieces of art are, these works are are large scale. How do you, you live in New York City, you can't have the wall space to house all these things. Where do, where do a lot of them live? Where do they just kind of, do you lend them to museums? Do you, are they always on tour? Like how do you go about buying large pieces? Well, This is the first time that the exhibition, this particular version of our collection, 'cause this maybe represents about 30% of the collection. Wow. So this particular part of the collection is touring for the first time. And it is actually the first, the first touring exhibition of color ever in any of these museums.


No Way of a private collection. So this is, this is really a very, very important and special thing. And we, one of the things We did realize is not only is it a, is it really giving so much exposure to so many brilliant, brilliant artists, Ebony g Patterson, Mickaline, Thomas Titus Kfar. I mean, you go, when you see this exhibition, you do have to see it. It is stunning. There's also a book that goes along with it. The Giants book is spectacular, but, but otherwise it would be in storage. And as much as, you know, it has to be kept safe and and stored properly. But how beautiful it is that people from all walks of life can go see this art. And to your point, feel actually connected to it.


Not just like they're seeing something Right. That they don't really connect to. And you, and you see these works. You like, you, you see things in your life. You see you, you're emotional. It really brings you to beautiful spaces. And for everybody, not just certain walks of life or certain people to, to be exposed is really the point. Yeah. And they're so generous of you guys to, to do that, to let the public see. 'cause these are all one-offs. It's like someone coming over to your house or Something, you know, Yeah. Exactly. It is like that actually Yeah Yeah. So for you to, otherwise, people would have no chance to see all this stuff. If you did have all the wall space, you know, some big, huge pla the fact that you're touring it is philanthropic in and of itself.


So that's, it's very, very cool you guys. It's a public service. Yeah. I'm just rea I'm just looking it up. It's, it's so cool. So it's, it's right now at, at Atlanta's High Museum, right? Yeah. Is that where it It is, yeah. And then, and it was at, at the Brooklyn Museum. That's So I. Wanna go back to one question? 'cause I just wanna know, do you still get nervous? I wanna go to Atlanta and see it. Sorry. I do too. Yes. Do you still get nervous performing at all? Because we were, before we were talking about adrenaline versus nerves. So do you get, like, before you performed, do you get at all nervous anymore? You're just like, no, I got this, I've done this. I know this. It's in me. It kind of depends, you know, it's like when I've been on tour for six months, I'm good. I'm like, okay, I know what I'm doing.


I'm gonna go out there. I'm the blah, blah. That's the beginning. At the beginning I think of everything. There's, there is such a beautiful feeling of like, do I have this? Is this gonna go right? It's scary, isn't it? You know, are they gonna get me? It's A unnecessary fuel. Yeah Yeah. But I think it's really cool. 'cause you do get a chance to kind of like, you, you, you just give it a shot. So I definitely can feel nerves when I'm, when I'm crafting something new or, you know, even just, you know, I'll start creating new music soon. And even that, I'm like, how do I wanna start that? Like, how do I wanna create this space for that? What does it wanna feel like? So, I Even think about like, what do I wanna do? And there's this beautiful book called the Sage Warrior by a woman named Vuori Carr, who's this incredible, she's a, she's a, you know, she's a lawyer, she's an activist, she's a a woman who just, she's a writer.


She does all this incredible stuff. And she paired this book with this album of music that, that T Oh, that's a great idea. Theme of the book. Yeah. That's good. Good. And I said, you know, when I start to create, I just wanna sit in a room. And I wanna read the book and hear the music. And I wanna like, what does that make me feel? That's cool. And so just creating space for like, how do you create, or what do you wanna bring outta yourself? It's, it's scary. And, and, but just allow the space for you to do it is, is the first step. But so yes. Do I even get nervous? You know? So to your, to your point, I even get nervous kind of writing songs, writing new songs, or More than performing, Performing or performing for the first time.


When I idea that, or, you know, a lot of times when it's just me, if I'm doing a piano show, only I feel the most nervous. 'cause I'm like, man, I don't have anything to cover up or hide behind. Nothing. Nothing. There's no safety net Yeah Yeah. Right? Like, this is, this is it. But I've learned that, you know, it's also okay to just make mistakes and like you're human. Yes. I know. And that's the thing that got me out of being a classical music pianist. Like to perform live because I I did it for like, you know, 15 years or 20 years, something like that. Wow. And every single time I would go out, like for, to compete in competitions or whatever it was So, I. I just wanted to ship my pants every single time.


It's terrify. I'm terrifying. I'm like, what's the joy like? And because if you're playing Beethoven or Showen or Moza or whoever it is, the notes are the notes. Like those are the notes. And if you miss them, everybody hears it. At least the people judging you hear it. Right. Right. And so you can, you can miss it and go on. But in your, it breaks you down the second you start missing a passage. And you know, I was performing in college once with, with this Mozart chair. And the orchestra behind me, And I blanked on like for half a page. I stopped playing and the orchestra kept going. And I was like, Oh my God, I'm sweating. I'm like, how am I, it's just me on stage. It's terrifying With 2000 people. And I'm like, and then you finally the, I don't know how I got back in But.


you just get back in. I'm like, you know what? I'm out. I'm not doing this. This is not a career. No. It's psychologically really. And then you won a Tony for paying, playing Gershwin all by yourself on stage, which Was, which was a challenge that I wanted to overcome. Jay That was incredible. That's such a great point. Because I was like, if I'm ever gonna live my life and get over this incredible nerves I have about performing the piano in front. Good for you, man. I just have to tackle it. Yeah, Go right through it. Yeah. Did you play on stage? Did you play Oh? yeah. Oh. yeah. Every night. Every Night. Incredible. All by himself with a big, amazing grand piano. Amazing though the Rhapsody and Blue Front start to finish, Rapsody and Blue start to finish Yeah Yeah to end the show. That was in Incredible section of it.


Yeah Yeah. So it was Very, it was very moving. Wow. That's very nice. Not why I told this story, but thank you. No We. did that seem like we backed into it though? A little bit. Pretty good. Sean. I I, I, Go ahead. go ahead. go ahead. Sean. I was gonna say, Elisa, you know, the, the, all three of us have either lived or stayed in different parts of New York City. Is there a favorite of yours? A favorite part? Yeah, because we all kind of, We all just got back from there. We all just got back from there. What? Yesterday we came back together. Oh, Amazing. Yeah Yeah, was it yesterday? I mean, somewhere between Harlem and Hell's Kitchen is definitely my sweet spot on the west side Spot. Yep. I feel like I've always been a West Side girl. I really like it. There. It, it has the energy, obviously.


Hell's Kitchen is where I was raised. And then Harlem I did a lot of growing up in my teenage years. And there was, and obviously Harlem was also a different place than it was. It was just so unique. And the culture was just so clearly its own universe. And, and so there was so much that I received from being able to be exposed to that So, I say it's somewhere between Harlem and Hell's Kitchen. Even, even now, you know, I spend a lot of time uptown And I just really like it. So, I'm kind of uptown west, somewhere in that universe. Midtown Harlem and Hell's Kitchen Yeah. That's my vibe. Yeah Yeah Yeah. I'm a West side. So we're gonna let you get back into that incredible city and your life.


And you're just an absolute delight. I'm so, so happy that You, I was gonna say, I kept wanting to say So, I could listen to you talk. You're so, you're so unbelievably in touch with yourself and you're able to articulate so well just sunshine your connection with yourself. I've, it's, yeah. It's unbelievable. I honestly, it's so cool. Thank you guys. Yeah Yeah. Yeah Yeah. I'm really glad to, to, to be able to be a part of your crew today. Thank You For Having me. We're So Lucky. And. I'm so excited to just build with you guys. This was awesome. Thanks. Likewise, likewise. Thanks for doing it. And, and, and keep putting out all this incredible stuff. Yeah. I can't wait to see what you do next. Yes. And I'll look you up on the west side. Yes. Thank you guys.


Thanks Alicia. Enjoy the rest of your day. All you. Bye-Bye Bye. She's just like, Yeah, she, I mean, a Listener. I wish you could have seen the sunshine on her face. I don't, she had a grin on her face the whole time. Yeah Yeah. She's just such a good, Like that's somebody who's like, this is what I'm gonna do. This is fulfilling to me and I'm not gonna stop the rest of my life Doing it. And the way she's able to, to deliver how she's feeling and talk about her experience, her past experience, where she's at now, like the, the facility that she has, the Facility, The facility that, that, that I obviously don't have is pretty, is great.


I found it remarkable. Do, Do you find me as eloquent? Yeah. Well boy, I'm losing you. Are you going through a canyon? I try not to. I try not to find you put it that way. How about that? You know what, there is one song that I love by hers, but we're gonna get to it later. It's called Goodbye. She actually wrote a song called Goodbye. But before I say that, You gonna, are you gonna save that for your buy? Yeah. So. I, sorry. Are you stay putting a stake in your, your goodbye. Thanks for previewing that for us. Yeah. We're ready. What are you doing? You're a disaster. But listen, You're crashing from that rice Krispy tree now. I am Is Wait, can you hear it if I play it on here or no? No, probably not. Then we'll have to pay for it. Oh, that's true. What's your question, caller?


Yeah. My, my question was, well first Oh, the art thing. Like, like I wish I'd give anything to be In Atlanta right now to see that show. Yeah, Well that, yeah. And also just to like, learn about art. I just don't Well, well you don't have to. You don't have to be. And there, there are a ton of, as, as she was saying that her husband is good at, at, at identifying emerging artists. There are, as you can imagine, every day, tons of great young artists that you can go. Yeah. And you can kind of, and, and you, what you do is you, I know people who know about it. So, I. Start asking them a question and you just go, I'm gonna ask you the dumbest question. You know, what, who do you like? Yeah. Shit like that. Help me understand. Where are they?


What's good Yeah. So where But, you don't even, it's, but not even what's good. 'cause the good is different for everybody. You know what I mean? Right. Just who do you like? And then you start identifying with other people and you, you have to be the ultimate arbiter of, of what's good developing Your taste. Yeah Yeah. I, yeah, because you can't rely on other people's opinion on art that, I mean, that sure drives the commerce of it. But I see what we're all saying too is that, like you said earlier, we are missing that in our lives. Like that's hundred percent. That's an entire a modular, you know, there's a section of life that we, we can easily go by. And we have gone by up until Now. We'll put it this way. I put it this way, I don't know about you guys. I would, I would look at like a Jackson Pollock my entire life and I'd be like, do that thing which, you know, Yeah heathens do like me, is go, I could do that.


I could just drop some fucking paint splat on the thing. Right. And then you start reading about his life and then you start about reading about where he was when he was doing those particular paintings and what was going on. And you have a different appreciation for what he did Yeah. And when you start to factor that in Yeah, it changes the way you look at it and appreciate it. Yeah, Totally. It's, you know, did you see this yesterday? This story came out yesterday where this kid, this guy found a Picasso and a ba and a Picasso painting in the ba in a basement somewhere. And his, this is years and years and years and years and years ago. And the mom, you know, didn't know it was a Picasso, brought it over to the kitchen sink, used just soap and water to clean it off. And then hung up on, hung it up on their wall. Look, it's in the background there, you see in the background.


No Way Yeah Yeah Their house. And they didn't know it's a Picasso. She's like, well just put this painting up. And they just found out like this week that it's a real Picasso. This this week? Yes. The whole fucking time. They're family. 'cause it's in the background of their family photos. So Was like, no, he, they, yeah. And then they did the, you know, the people looked at That's pretty good. Isn't that wild? Well, there's all sorts of stories. There's the guy in, there was that guy that in who lived in Munich and they kept, he was kept taking the train to Switzerland and they're like, what's up with this dude? And then he had a bunch of dough on him and they go back to his apartment and they, they bust through the wall and they realize he's got billions of dollars worth of art behind drywall in his house, in, in this apartment. It's like Stolen from World War ii, Probably that, you know, all a bunch of it unaccounted for, but quite literally billions of dollars worth of art.


So there's all sorts of things about the art world. That's kind of, isn't it amazing. Dubious when you start to get into the commerce of it too. Like, you go like, where do you store the art? Do you know the, do you know about the whole system of duty free sort of port art storage that exist at airports in the world? No, a few different places. Wow. Yeah Yeah. So they have these, these big, huge lockers. This is not made warehouses that are like the utmost security. And they, they stay there. And because they're not technically in that particular country, yeah. They can store them there tax free. Is this Art? Is this art? Oh, it is. Oh God. Look at Sean and Scotty, Can I, can I say this, and this is gonna seem like a cheap joke, but would it look like that it's not art. It's fart.


That is fart Because It looks like you're both farting. Oh God. Sean. Hey, what's your favorite? Le what's your favorite le of Keys song? Oh, I'm not sure. This is Sean. What's yours? Yeah, what is it? Smart. Smart SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm. JF Smart Less.


Running a small business takes endurance, determination and the right support to reach your goals. And MasterCard is here to help fuel that journey in a fast-paced digital world with innovative tools and resources. We're here to guide businesses every step of the way digitally, because when small business wins, everyone wins. Let's power up our communities once small business and one step at a time, keeping the community running strong. Priceless.