
Do you know that this year, this count is we're coming up on five years? I know. Isn't that amazing? Is That right? So then how many episodes is that? We've been doing one week. We're all for Five years. We're gonna be 250 episodes in, I don't know. And 25 is the silver. 50 is the gold. Is there anything for 250? Is that triple silver? It's, but I mean, what is it? What is it? Centennial? Wasn't it like, oh, yeah, guys, This is the, this is our 250th episode. I'm so known as, come on. Bravo. Welcome guys. So nice to be here. Oh, you came from the back of the theater. Yeah, I came, I finally made my way to the front.


And nice to see you guys. Look at you guys. 200. Anyway. Hey, listen, do you mind if I drop some beats on you? That'd be okay. I lemme tell you something about, just close your eyes. Okay? Now imagine, imagine Italian riviere, 1982, white Ferrari man. Puff, Puff screaming down all strada. You have a genzano with ice. Okay? Now you're feeling the vibe. Now listen, let me ask you something. When you making a podcast, everybody wants to know what's that old flash recipe?


But one thing, one favor, what I'm trying to say is, Love You. If you wanna do one thing in this year, get SmartLess two 50. Shawnee, have you been a, it's been a minute.


My nephew and his girlfriend and three friends are visiting in town this weekend, which is super fun. Wait, are we gonna see them tonight? No, I'm, I know. I think it's too many people, right? So you're not, you're not gonna go. Am I gonna see you tonight? No. What? I know it's gonna be bad, but I, you know, but I don't get to see my nephew and everybody for Yeah, I feel bad. Maybe You saw them last night, right? Why don't, why don't you come over here afterwards? That 11 happen. Oh yeah, that'll happen. Hey, yeah, coach, why don't you come over there afterwards, Right around eight 30 or something. Drive across the city and spend another two hours. This will happen. This'll happen for sure.


Yeah. But last night I took him to Koi, right? Last night. Sure you did. And I was Born Oh yeah. Your favorite seafood restaurant. It was so good. And I was walking back to the car and there was a pothole that I thought was just like a surface, like a puddle. And it was a massive pothole. And I completely twisted my no ankle. It was so fucking painful. Look at it. Ow. Is it all swollen? Let's see. Yeah, it's huge. Come here. You can't see it. It's Huge. No, I can see that. You did. You iced it. This is gonna heal fast, right? Like I freaked out last night. Probably Not. It'll probably heal the wrong way. And you'll be club. Do you know the term clubfoot? Dead foot Well, but fortunately it's not going to take anything away from your life.


Usually it means that you can't be playing basketball or doing all the jogging and all that stuff. And luckily you don't do any of it. Yeah, that is true. This is true. Is that what you're getting at Jason? Able? Yeah. You'll still be able to shuffle into chin, chin for lunch and coy for dinner. Shuffle. What? What if you, what if you, what if you go to the doctor and you're like, will this affect my ability to watch TV all Day? Well, no. I just prop it up on the couch. That's what I've been doing. Will I still be able to chop celery into my egg salad? No tuna salad. Well, will I have to cut? Will I have to cut my sloppy Joe intake? You know what though? Here's the deal. They went to the tar pitch. You know the LaBrea tar pit near the museum?


They being your, your nephew? My, my nephew and girlfriend and their friends. Is That still a tourist attraction? Here It is. They've never been. And they bought crickets. They bought a bag of crickets and they ate them sour cream and onion crickets. And they pull them out. What does That have to do with the why? Okay, go Ahead. Because they're saying the dinosaurs used to eat crickets back in the tar pit days. Why did they sell those? No, no, no, no. They sell 'em in the gift shop. They sell 'em in the gift shop. Why? I have no idea. At the museum? Yes. And they pulled 'em. You want one? I'm like, I'm not gonna eat a cricket. Oh God, why not? Disgusting. The last time I heard crickets was goodnight Oscar. It was right after the curtain went down. But that's, Look at him. He's on fire day.


He's on play. Go. Who would Do, who would do the worst at some sort of like outdoor survivor type of show where you got, oh God, I'd last like that I'd last. No, but I think I would, I think I might do even worse. Well, you would call your lawyer and say, am I obligated to eat this? Imagine if we took the word obligation outta your vocabulary. You weren't allowed to use obligation. Yeah. I Need fucking, I need new shtick. I'm sick of my own fucking voice. I'm gonna be silent today. The podcast. We Love your voice podcast. Yeah. We love, I miss both you guys a lot. Just Say something. Know I've seen you. I'm So, I'm in going Tonight. I've been in new, I've been in New York and I've been with lots of friends and lots of people and with, obviously with Bradley.


But I really miss you guys a lot. I know. Likewise. Upset this morning. I'm so jealous. I can't see you. Yeah. Anyway, here we go. Speaking of can't wait to see people. I can't wait for you to see our guest today. Oh, great. Opening line. This person is someone we, unbelievable segue. Thank you. Thank you. She's someone we all know well, so much. So I'm not sure what I can say about her that won't give it away. But she's a prolific comedian. She's an author, super producer, producer, really great director. She played Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz when she was 10. And I more recently, I think she played Alphabet in the movie. Wicked. I don't know, a Boston. She didn't a Boston native.


Her summer job was working at an ice cream parlor where she'd ing happy birthday with kazoos Amy. Today she's a comedic force in Hollywood, hilarious colleague and the world's favorite cool mom to Regina George's, our ridiculously funny friend, Amy Poer. No way. Wait. Truly. Why did I guess that? Come on. Well, well, well Wait a second. Holy Well, well, well Wait a second. First of all, how many levels am I, I know This is of course, my first question is, did you know about this? And of course, no. Okay, good. I love it. Not a glimpse of recognition on Will's face when you said all of those things. Well, I, there's no way that I thought.


Well, I I knew that you worked at Brigham's, but I I didn't. In in Boston Chadwick's will. I worked Chadwick worked Chadwick, no, sorry. Unbelievable. But We went to Brighams with, with your dad, and he asked the people if they liked their Job. Yeah. Let him finish Amy. Yeah. I Can't, please wait. Amy, did you have to, did you have to because of kids stuff? Did you have to like say, oh, I can't, or whatever, or some schedule stuff and lie or something. You know what it was, It was really easy to hide it. Nobody was asking if I was doing, Do think Archie Abel, do you think Archie and Abel would've been able to keep the secret? Did you not tell me? Well, I think one of them knew. One of them knew. One of them saw our youngest, saw my schedule on the kitchen table and said, you're doing SmartLess.


Oh wow. Does dad know? No way. And I said, no, don't say anything. I Love it. People kept the secret. It's so cool. Way. And, and also Amy and I were texting last night about something else. Zero. That's good. That's good. That is unbelievable. I can't, Amy, I didn't know what to say. I didn't know how to introduce you without them. No. Blowing it. Sean, I'm so honored to be your guest, Sean, of all three. Yes. Likewise. First of all, First of all, I've asked her to do it and she said no. And then she said yes to Sean. Well, I wanted to wait until you had done 250 episodes to see if this thing was real. Wait, I know. We've been trying to get you on for so long and it's so kind. It worked out Well. I usually give something five years before I try it.


Sure, Sure, sure. Wait, will, how many times have you asked her to do it? A couple times. I asked you to do it on tour, I think. Right? Aim? Yeah. I, I think so. Yeah. But, you know, it just had to, I just was waiting, I was waiting for my buddy Sean to give me the go ahead. Here I am. Here am I gave her the green light and she showed up. Yeah. Sean, like a race car. Hang on one second. Hang on, Amanda. Get over here. What? But wait, Sean, did you think for a second, like, wait, should I, is this cool? Like, should, did you ask Bennett or Rob to like, kind of float it by Will to see if that Yeah, no, I mean, Amy's been on my list. List. What Are you guys talking about?


Why do you have to float anything past anybody? Well, Well, we kind of do that every once in a while, guys. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. By the way. Great. Welcome. Nice to see you all. Hi. I mean, Jesus. You're all talking about how weird it is that I'm here. Hi. I am your guest. Nice to see you. Good Lord. You can't take over our podcast. You can't tell Us. No. It's the only way to talk on this podcast. It's true. Is to completely take it over. Believe percent. Believe me, It's, it's unbearable. If the guest doesn't, because you make me, you make us sit and listen to you in the beginning anyway. And it's Torturous. It's, It's unbelievable.


What do you think, what, what do you think about how every Single time I hear you guys talk about how much you miss each other, and am I wrong, the talk that you talk to each other every week? No, it's, This is, we don't get to see each other, first of all. We don't get to see each other. First Of all, slow down. I'm outage like five outages ago. Okay. This is so great. Wait, wait for Tracy. Just so just to Yeah. Really air right for my sister. Of course you guys were married and now you're not. And it's been years and years. Everything's going swimmingly. What a Great way to put it. Anyway, let be the first to say welcome to smart. Thank You. Thank you. We're we're 17 minutes in, but thank you for that, Amy.


This is so Great and great and great. Crickets joke, by the way. Will, that was a really good cricket. Good One. Thank you. Thank You. Very, very, very smart. Very, thank you. Thank you. Jason. Jason, you okay with your mic? I'm having a real mic issue this morning. Is it, is it bad for you guys? Is this bad for me? No, it sounds great. Okay, good. It sounds fine Now. So a Amy will, how did you guys first meet? Yeah, we're gonna get into it. No, We're definitely not First start to fracture. No, we're definitely not. We're definitely not. Amy, can I tell this story about that you and I were talking about about Sedaris the other day? Oh yeah.


That's a good, yeah, that's a very funny story. So, so, and I think I maybe told it once, but before, but you Guys great, great Amy Sedaris story. And so Amy Sedaris, who's working with us on the film, I was hanging out with her the other day and she loved her years ago. Amy Polar and Amy Saris would often get mixed up for each other. 'cause they're both comedians and they're both sort of blonde and kind of, you know, Cute and funny and talented. SAS charming. So they'd get Mixed. And, and, and I've been with, with Polar a million times where people like, would people would say to remember him, they'd go like, I'm such a fan of your brother. And like, and you're like, oh, he's a lawyer. Thank you. He'll really appreciate It. So, so, So I guess it happened to Sedaris too.


And one time year, like 20 years ago, I read this article in a magazine where Sedaris says, people come up to me all the time and say, oh my God, I love you so great. And I'm such a, you know, I just love you. And Will and Sedera says in the interview, and I usually say to them like, yeah, will and I are having a lot of sexual problems. Which Is so funny. Yeah, that is really funny. Oh, look at Blass, he's really having an issue. Bateman's really having, it's so fascinating that he's Having microphone problems. I wanna, will Sean tell her what it's like when I have technical issues? He's not good. I'm gonna slam the laptop in a second. We had what's wrong? Gonna close it. Hear you. We Hear you. Great. Amy. We had, we had McConaughey on once and he was trying to get, and he was in the, in the blind and Jason was having issues and it took 20 minutes and he got so mad and he was like, fuck it.


And he started freaking out. And McConaughey starts laughing with his camera covered and Jason goes, oh, it's really funny. Is it that? Who's laughing? Who's laughing? That's not helpful. And he slammed his teeth And I slammed my laptop like a bitch. Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. It was not All right. All right. All right. Is what you're trying to say Uhuh. It was not. Alright. Right. All right. So Amy, How did you start in comedy? Oh, believe me. We're getting into that. We're getting into that. Oh Lord. You guys with your questions, they're so good. First of all, your questions are always So good, right? So sought out. We're Up, we're up for a, as you would call, really good. We're up for a, as you would call it, a Peabody. Peabody. A Peabody. Hey, wait, Amy, how was, can we talk, talk about reference?


Can we, how was the, was SNL 50 fun? 'cause that show was Great. Oh man. Was it? Oh man, it was so fun. It was kind of, you were so great on it. It was kind of out of body. Like it was kind of too, it was, it was almost too big. Like Right. Like celeb fatigue almost. Yeah. But it was so fun. And I think it was a big success. Yeah, It was a great success. I started thinking about all the SUVs that must have been choking out midtown. Like how Do you want me to give you a, you want me to give you a scoop? You want me to give you a SmartLess scoop? Like a Yeah, yeah. Making news, Breaking news. People had to share dressing rooms and I shared mine with Meryl Streep.


Whoa, how cool is That? Okay. Is she a dirty bathroom girl? She's fantastic. Does she keep the top off the toothpaste? Well, SNL you don't have your own bathroom. You have like a, you know, it is a straight up. Everyone uses like a, a hall bathroom. You don't have your own bathroom in your own dressing room at SNL. Do people Still smoke back there? No. No. I didn't see anybody smoking Just Dave Vaping. But I, but, but yeah. But yeah, maybe you could, if you just did it, I bet no one would stop you. Was She a good dressing room partner? The loveliest? We were kind of two ships, but I took a picture of, of the door. 'cause Good. It was nice to have my, my my I love that sketch. She did. I so funny. So funny. Yeah. Her and Kate.


Kate is, so Kate is genius. I mean, could she have hiked those jeans up higher? I mean, it was, I know. So Was just tough. Just tough. But it was fun. It was so fun. It felt like a high school reunion. Everybody regressed a little bit back into their old roles. Isn't that fun? And it was fun. It was, you know, I-I-I-I-I can't believe I was there to be very honest. Like it was, You and Tina were great in your big Yeah, you and Tina was amazing. Loved you guys. That was a great bit. That was so good. Thanks For Tracy. Tina. Fay. So listen Amy, when you I think, I think Tracy's got it, bro. You, Sean is you treat Tracy like she's getting dumber. Like I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Amy. Tell, tell a little bit. Wait. Just, just you guys. And then you and Maya did Bronx beat, which is an all time phase.


It's hilarious. Can you tell every, these, these guys probably don't know where Bronx Beat came from, the origin story of it. 'cause it's Something Oh yeah. The, the story of that is there's a, a amazing hair, the head of the hair department, Jody Mancuso is from the Bronx and she has that accent and she would just work with us in the hair and makeup room. And we just started talking like her. So there's a real Jodi. So when we do the show, we always go into the hair room and just have Jodi Get you on. Be like our vocal dialect coach. Yeah. Get us there. Yeah. I love That. Did you, have you ever thought about bringing her in on the sketch? Yeah, but you know, it's funny that we, you know, we brought Donna the dresser Yeah.


On for that moment. And those that was cool. The crew, like, they're so, you know, real professionals like don't care about being on camera, right? Yeah, yeah. Like a really actual good professional could give a shit if they're like an, if they're acting Except for Wally. Wally loves it. Wally does that. I'm Wally loves it. Yeah. Wally the keep Quiet guy. I love the stage, the stage manager said, But I said professional. I said professional. So, But Amy being back doing that 50th like that, like you said, it's like a reunion. I think I asked you a long, long, long time ago when you departed the show and you you decided to leave that. I was like, won't you miss like that? I I thought you were kicked off. Sorry. I I had a different, I was asked to leave, leave.


I was making people uncomfortable. Exactly. That's why. Yeah. Yeah. You were given the opportunity to retire. Yes. Well I had a very gentle HR meeting where a man in a suit put me on an elevator severance style. And I don't remember what happened since. Do they have an HR on the show? 'cause if so that's gotta be a really high trafficked office. Well, They do, they do have an HR and they do like all of the shows that we've all worked on, you know, I mean, do you remember? And do we still have to go through the Yeah. You know, all that training every time, which is very good to do. Yeah. Every job. But yeah, it is. I I believe, I believe that they do that still and should, yeah. It's probably a very different environment than I was there 20 plus years ago for all of us.


But, But when you like, there's, you're one of the all time greats to ever, you know, be on SNL and It's true. It's true. Oh, thanks. I mean, everybody's great. But there's breakouts. You remember the, I really like her style. Oh, Somebody Shine it. What, what about the after party? Was there a good, there must have been a a, a very robust after party for this One. Yep. Robust after party at the Plaza Hotel. Whoa. Was there an after, after with the little? There May have been. I didn't, I didn't hang that long. I, I, you know, I I love bedtime. Yeah. I, I used to be a vampire and now I love bedtime. Yeah. I think about bedtime all day.


Yes. Do they still do the little, like the little sort of the size of like a, a a a a Fortune and a cookie, the hand, a little address for the after after party? Is that still something that's done? They might, I feel like, like one of the things that was different is, you know, things are texted and emailed. Ah, and, and you know, I didn't have any of that when I was there wildly. We didn't even have phones that we carried around on the floor. I mean, maybe we did occasionally, but we would kind of leave them in the dressing room. But now everything is texted. So I imagine maybe it's a text now for the kid. Yeah. Maybe it's A Snapchat or some kind of YouTube channel people subscribe to. It's maybe, it's probably a podcast that tells you what, where the after, After It's zoom in.


Speaking of pods, you've got a new pod on Amy. Oh my God. Thank You so much for that. Yes. Amy, tell us about your new pod. Oh, that's why she's here. That's right. So That's Right. What's it called? So, and where can we find it? Good. Hang with Amy Poer. It's Called Good Hang. And it's on Spotify. Yes. Can't wait. And I'm very excited. It's been really fun. We're, we've been recording and getting ready for our launch. I don't know when this show is gonna come on. When, when this one drops. How far ahead are you guys? This July of 2026. Okay. July, 2026. So it's been going for about a year and it's been good. Here we go. This this is a good bump. This will be a good bump. Yeah, we'll be right back.


And now back to the show. But wait, but Amy Yeah, I was gonna ask you if you ever wanted to do sketch comedy again. Because going back to what I was saying before, you're one of the all time greats and you, it's hard to find people that can do what you do. And Kristen Wig does, and Maya and Tina and all these, you know, really breakout people can do. And so, but every time I see you do it, I'm like, Ooh, I just wish she would go like, do more sketch comedy because I fell. But go back. How? Like what do you mean? Like, do a sketch show? That's a lot of Work. Yeah, I know, but so you're like, ooh, it's to naptime bedtime. It just, It just feels like I know what you mean, Sean.


I love doing it. I just dunno if I could get back, launch back into a actual fulltime sketch show. It's so much work. And creating the material, generating materials so is so time consuming. But, but I love it. It's just, as a fan, I think I speak for a lot of people. I'm like, oh, when we CU and everybody like, oh, well we're not Really taking questions from fans right now, but Lemme Hey Amy, do you don't still do, you don't really still do like ask at or there's no version of that anymore, right? No improv. But you know, Tina and I have been on tour. We've been, oh yeah, we've done our show a bunch of cities last year. We're going back out again in March, April and May for, you know, if You're in Orlando, do you have some dates you wanna talk about?


Yeah, We have Orlando, we have Detroit. Oh, that's great. We, Chicago, Boston. We're playing Red Rocks. Wow. No shit. Red Rocks. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. Is it wr, is it written or is it improvised Or? Yeah, so it's imp Improv. It's, it's, it's written, it's a like a long variety show. We have special guests come in and we do, we kind of go through the history of our 30 year friendship. But there's a section in it that where we talk about Chicago and how we met and so we improvise there, which is really fun. Yes, I want to talk about that. 'cause I did Second City too. And you did too. Yeah. And I never performed on the main stage. But you Same. Oh wow. Yeah. So people, people think you're probably from Chicago all the time, but you're from Boston.


Yeah. People think I'm from the Midwest a lot because also with Parks and Rec, their head goes to Indiana. So they think I'm like a Chicago. Would you consider yourself like a Boston homegirl? I mean, I'm definitely a homie. How is Bill Pola? I mean, definitely. Tell us how Bill P is. Let's talk about Bill. Can we talk about Bill for a minute? Oh God, he'd love it. So, so this is He he'd like us to talk for an hour. This is, he would, so this is the reason I got Chadwicks and, and Brigham's mixed up. I just wanna tell this story. If I could, we can always cut it a by the way, which is, We don't cut anything on this show. Show we went to, we went To No, I can tell there's no editing. We, this is super baggy. We go to Brigham's, which is an ice cream store in the mall in Burlington, mass, which is where Amy's from with her mom and dad, well, with her dad.


And there's this girl, she's like, I don't know, 17 working there as like her afternoon weekend job scooping ice cream. This is when Amy's first on SNL. And her dad goes like, you know, 25 years and goes, goes to the girl is kind of silent. And he goes, you like your job? And she goes, she's like, scooping ice cream. She's like, yeah, I guess so he goes, you know who really likes her job? Yeah, my daughter, He teed, teed himself up. Huh. That's Great. He was so good. That's Great. But, but he's so proud. I proud. That's changed. He's proud of Him. He, he will get on the elevator with people and he'll say, Do you like TV and Movies? Oh, that's his question. Like, like is anyone saying no? And you're on the elevator with him? We, We played golf. We played golf with these guys years ago.


And, and, and we, bill and I were playing with some random dudes and he gets back in the car and he looks at me, he goes, well I told him. And, and he go, I can't help it. He's, He's so, he's so proud though. In the best, I best way I that both Are parents. My parents are like Boston Strong, the best. Very proud. They like came to almost retired teachers. They Yeah, they watch every SNL Yeah. They came to every early improv show I ever did live. They like had a big watch party for me when our show launched in 1998 on Comedy Central UCD. Yes. They just are very, very big fans. And then They are, they're the definition of supportive parents.


I'll give you What you do. They were, were they the ones that were, that were the first funnies in your family for you? Like is that Yeah. Is that where you got your humor From? I think like, I, well I I throw this back out to you guys 'cause I think that you have probably have families like this too. You know, you have to kind of keep up like Yeah. For me teasing is a love language course. If of course if I like you I can tease you. And and manners are kind of for people you don't know or you don't like. Right? Yeah. So like the idea that you could bust each other was a, was a way in which to sharpen your skills. And so we would, we would tease each other. There was a lot of laughs at the table. Like it's very like Boston Irish and some families I learned as I went to college and like are not that, which is always so shocking to me when families are, families don't get to like, poke each other.


It's like, oh, okay, this is a different set of rules. And yeah, You would, you would often accuse, well first of all, I would say, when you say sitting around the table, let's be honest, it's sitting around the kitchen. Well, let's be honest. It's sitting around the TV and sitting around. It Was sitting around the tv. But also you would accuse me of playing too hard that Jason and I would play too hard. Yeah, well you guys, you guys still was As deep love. The love was too deep. You know how they call things a love tap? You guys are a love shove. That's What like, you love shove. I love it. I like that. It's good. So it depends on the mood, you know, but, but I, I agree with you. Like people, like you can meet people and it, it, there is that thing of like, if I'm not teasing you Yeah.


We talk about it all the time. I'm not Interested In you then I'm not really interested. Yeah, right. In a Way. Yeah. I mean, but it, but some people have a higher and lower tolerance. Like, you know, you have to just be a little gentle. But as far as your, I I read too, Amy, that you say that you were parentified at a young age, meaning that like you, you became your parents. 'cause your parents were so young when they had you. Is That right? Yeah, my parents were young. And don't you feel that way? Like, I don't know. I, I don't know. But don't you feel, and this might be just our generation too, I just feel like we felt very old really fast. Like we felt we had freedom, which gave us a sense of, you know, agency and then we had jobs really early and we, we just, it just felt like we grew up fast.


I don't know if that's a generational thing, but Yeah. Well Jason, the thing about Jason, I mean this I'm not joking, was out working when he was sweet little JB was working when he was seven. So cute. Like with a little briefcase. I know. Social security number At a small mustache. Yeah. So you guys, so you both, what I'm interested in is, Amy, your background and your, your parents being school teachers and, and learning kind of from that, like what did you take from them for arching able and will, what did you take from your parents for arching Abel and how do you do that together? Hmm. Lemme try to bundle that for you, Amy. Do you parent like your parents at all, by the way? Look at you talking people.


Oh yeah. No, I've been working on it. I've been working with a tutor. And this is, you've Been working on bundling? Yeah. You've been working on bundling. Bundling is sort of a gathering term that he suggested I use internally. Yeah. But I know I'm spreading it. Yeah. That actually you could sell a whole, a bunch of like a series of tapes, baby bundles and just talking about bundling other people's questions. Let me bundle that for you. You could do, let's be so successful talking about bundling. If you jumped on a mini trampoline and, and did a cold dip at the same time, you'd be, you'd be a bundle bundle bundle king. I think, I think parenting is, is a constant ever changing like thing, right?


It's like somebody said this to me once that I always loved, which was parenting is like a series of short stories. So a short story starts and you think, I don't know how this story is gonna go. I don't know the characters, I don't even know what's gonna happen. And then you're in the middle of the short story and you think, man, I never want this to end. I love this, I love this. I got it. I'm in the groove. I know what I'm doing. And then the short story is over and you think, oh no, there's no way the next one could be better. Yeah. It's just like a series of your kid is changing so much and the the world is changing so much and you have to stay kind of flexible, pliable, learn from your mistakes. Yeah.


I think the difference for me is, is from my own parents is I have to try really hard, Amy you're really good at this and you help me do this when in in concert with you to try to be, to remember to listen to what they're saying. Hmm. And, and to not try to impose what I think they, you know, you need this, you need that. But to actually sit and listen to what your kid is trying to say. Like, you know what I mean? Encourage them to as much as they can to speak and to it's so good. And to really hear and, and it's not, I don't come by it naturally because I, that's not how I was raised. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. I I I I'm the same. I it doesn't always feel natural.


Your instinct is to wanna give them advice Yeah. Or tell them what to be aware of or afraid of or share your own personal stuff. Like that's so instinctual Of course. Because we want the best for our kids. And I remember reading somewhere that when your kid tells you something, you just repeat it back to them. Like you're doing a headline of a news story. Yes. It actually works really well with people too. I bet you it happens on this podcast too. They say, oh, I had a bad, I had a bad day in math. And then you go, you had a bad day in math. That's all you say, period. The end. Yeah. I mean, I'm usually thinking about what the bit is like, you know what I mean? But, Right. But No, but you're right. You're right. And and the other day we, again, we were talking about something for, with, with one of our kids and, and I said, Amy and I were talking on the phone and I said, oh, I identify with that.


And I think that my own experience and and you said to me, you're like, they don't really want to hear about your experience 'cause they want you to listen to theirs. Yeah. Yeah. And we all this hap don't you feel like this happens as adults too? When someone talks about like, well when I used to, you're just like, oh boy. Yeah. Yeah. You know, even in your fifties it still happens where someone talks about, well I, you know, in the business I used to be in, we would be able. And you're like, well, that's not the way it is anymore. Old man. Right, right, right. Yeah. It's not the you don't understand. Like, it's so Yeah, Jason, you must get old man a lot. Right. Do a lot more recently. It's pretty shocking. Yeah. I find that, that it's you, you've, I I'm, I'm constantly battling like, how much should I be like, leading this parenting thing?


Or how much should I be reacting to this parenting thing? In other words, like, should I be waiting to see what they need me to parent them at? Or should I initiate sort of parenting based on nothing they're actually showing me in other, in other words, like, should I wait to see until how they react to a certain situation and then talk to 'em about that? Boy This could use a bundle. Yeah. Yeah. We could bundle this. Are We still rolling? Can we go back to one? What I think what you're trying to say? Yes. Amy, tell let's bundle. Let's bundle. Hey, Wait, let Amy try to guess what he's trying to say. Please. I think, I think that bundle here is how can I be best of service to my kids? Yes. That's great. Yeah. When they're Teens. Yeah. That's the bundle. That's so good. Shorter. That's the bundle. But you know, I read something and by read something, I mean, I saw it on TikTok.


They're Totally, Supposedly when your tea, when your kids become teens, you go from producer to consultant. That's the difference. You're no longer producing their lives. You're there for them to consult. To consult. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you have to like kind of, you have to kind of let them start producing their own lives, which is not easy. Perfect use of the bundling concept. Yes. Right. And I, I've also heard that, you know, part of, like, I've heard you love therapy as much as I love therapy, I can talk about it all day long. I love it. I love going to therapy. And because you, you Go to therapy. Yeah. Are you scared? And I'm always trying to make her laugh and she's like, Hey, let's get back on topic. But, but you, she's So lucky to have you.


You're so funny, Sean. Yo. Thanks Amy. You're the funniest. You're The funniest Sean. No, you're the funniest. And so, but you, I've, I've heard, which means I saw on TikTok that you identify as someone who's a natural, like fixer or you wanna get into action and problem solve. 'cause that's kind of how I'm a little bit. Mm. But that as you've gotten older, that you've taught yourself how to pause and feel feelings and stuff like that. And how barely Got a lot of quote, you got a lot of quotes out there. I do My research, I do my research Talking out, out loud. You're really living out loud about, I sent, I sent Shawn a bunch of needle point pillows with a bunch of stuff on it, and Sandy and took credit for it. He's got filled with Pillows. I just, I just regurgitate a Hulk conversation you had on your phone that I overheard.


No, that, how has that like, shaped you today? Because I also read that you, the best work that you've ever done is the work where you feel most present. Yeah. I think improv was really helpful with that. Like, you had to stay super present just to be, I mean, I, I imagine you guys feel that with this podcast too, right? Like you're actually where you are. Yeah. As opposed to being ahead or behind, which is really hard. Yeah. I'm, I'm still searching for that still every day. Trying to stay in the present moment. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not easy for me like to not, you know, jump ahead. Yeah. Well will you talk to me about that? 'cause I, I've always been told that like, it was best to just stay in the present, but like my brain tells me, I know Till you go in there and your brain is Like, well I got, like, I got plans, you know, like, yeah.


I've got plans, I've got, I've got a desire for the way I want this meeting to go or this week to go. So I know what I mean. So I Struggle with that too. I know JB That's so sweet. It's true. You do, you do Go in with That. Like, what are you, but what are you supposed to do with that? Wait, what is that? Is that me inhaling a bond hit that's inside where brain, Inside your brain. Oh, oh, oh, Oh, oh. Yeah. It's just empty. And then, and then a little plan come, plan flies by like, like a bird. Like Yeah. Plan. So I just supposed to react to things and not drive anything. I don't know. It's a great question actually. Yeah. I don't know. 'cause I, I'm struggling with that all the time.


How much can I be prepared? 'cause that calms me down. Preparation calms me down. Yeah. But you know, life you cannot control. You cannot control things in life. I mean, it, it's just like you have to let go. You know? What's a perfect example of that? JB today, when I just told you I sprained my foot really bad last night. Mm. It was so painful. Hurts. I can't even describe. It hurts. And I woke and nor my old me would've been like, oh my God, I I gotta cancel this. I can't do this. I can. And I'm like, this is what it is right now. And I surrender to it. And I go, if I can't do this and I have to cancel that and I can't show up for it, then that's what it is. I think, think. And I used to, it used to make me really depressed.


I think there is that, that is one of the benefits I've been saying recently. I've been saying in therapy that, that No, no applause. I I've been saying that. Oh. Oh, wait, will, you're going, that's great. And you're and you are 50 54. 54. Okay. Very good. And, and, and what I've noticed at 54 is, and, and especially in the last six months that I'm, I, it just kind of occurred to me, I'm like, oh, I'm doing a much better job of this is what the situation is this. And I'm realizing it in real time. And I'm not really in a panic about the outcome. I'm just accepting it for what it is. And I said this to you the other day, like, I got this, this notion of like, feelings are gonna come, feelings aren't gonna kill you.


Your feelings aren't gonna kill you. Yeah. That's a big one. And it really, and I went, oh yeah. And I can let it, I can let it, I can feel it and then I can let it go. And I can recognize, I, I think I used to, you, you know, you'd freak out and then you'd think about it later. Now I can in real time go, oh, this is where I am in a much better way than I, for me anyway, that, than I've ever been able to do. And I think that that's the benefit of being older, having experienced, et cetera. I find my fifties to be my favorite decade by far. Yeah. Yeah. Be great By far. Oh, Willie. Yes. Yeah. Where you get to your sixties. It's pretty cool. I'm having a great time. No. Yeah.


Listen, what if you guys find out, you see Jason's license one of these days when you find out you 62. And he's thought about that the other day. No, Willie, I like what you said about like, not being attached to the outcome. Maybe that's a good hack for me is like, it's okay to be prepared. Yeah. But don't be like, stuck on it has to end this way. Yeah. Again, it's, it's a new concept for me. I've just been kind of going through it and it's, and it's very freeing. Well, like Jason, for example, your mic hasn't been working this whole time and audio hasn't recorded. And you should be fine with that. Like, just let that go. It's gonna be great. It's a great episode. And let let go of the Outcome of that. Can't I can't move. Amy. Any funny stuff happened on stage before?


People, any funny stories? I don't forget. No, come on. Wait. Amy, why, why, why is 50 the best, the best decade? I feel like it, I finally have a better sense of who I am, kind of what we've been talking about. I have a, some of my priorities are, you know, like, I just feel like there's a, I'm a little kinder to myself. I definitely care less about how I'm perceived by other people as long as I feel like my side of the street is clean. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. And I have a lot of wise people, younger and older than me. Like, I'm in this sandwich of experience. So I learn a lot from people who are younger than me.


And I learn a lot from people that are older than me. And knock on wood, I still feel healthy. Like being in your fifties, you're like the youngest old person. You know, you're the youngest of the old people. That's right. You're The, you're the freshman of old people. That's really true. And so we'll never be this young again. Oh, right. In our fifties. Because, you know, I'm looking to people in their sixties and seventies to seeing like how they're living life, how they're doing it, how they're keeping healthy. And then I still feel connected to people in their twenties and thirties. Like, it doesn't feel so far away. Yeah. I'm, I'm on medication to reverse the aging process. Ooh, What are you doing? I'll text you. I'll send it in the chat. I'll send it into Chat. You're that guy who does all those crazy things to like stay in super Shape.


Oh my god. Remember that? Did you watch that? Oh my God. That's wild. Wait, Amy, remember, remember when you used to come over and we, we would watch intervention? Oh my God. Yes. We, we would airplay we would airplay all the instruments in the opening theme. Great theme intervention's. What a great, show's a good show. I know. That show made me so Uneasy. IIII wanted to tell the story, or for you to tell the story about, remember the time that you told your friend that the TV was voice activated? Oh my God. Yeah. It's such an Have you told that story Here? I don't remember. Oh God. You may have Can I try to tell it? Yeah. It was it Sean was with a bunch of friends, right? Yeah. So Yeah. And, and Yeah, go ahead Sean.


No, no. I, I was just gonna help you out And, and well you guys were really Like, we would get, we would get stoned after Stoned get really stoned, thank God. After An episode. I know. After taping an episode of Will and Grace. And we would go, we went back to his house one night, will Grace. That's the show you Were on. That's it. Never that Is couldn't Think of it. Yeah. About a show. Never gonna get through it. This guy, A story that long will never make it on here. Go ahead. No, no, go ahead. Don't tell it. It's good. It's really good. Just Bundle it. All right. Well bundle it. Bundle it. I'll try to it. Okay, here we go. Bundle it. So we would go back after his, we would get stoned and we'd just hang out and talk about the night and whatever after we tape an episode of Will and Grace. So we go to his house and it was a brand new house.


And he has a brand new house and he has a brand new media system and this massive screen in the screening room. And I'm high outta my mind, I can't even see straight. And he's trying, he goes, I just got the DVD of Castaway. We should watch it where the plane grows down. 'cause the effects are so cool. Right? I'm like, yeah, let's put it on and watch it. So he walks all the way to the front of the screening room and I'm way in the back and I'm start to giggle. He's like, what's so funny? I'm like, nothing. And he can't get it to play. And I go, is that a Sony? And he goes, yeah. And I go, well they're, those are the new ones. You don't even know what you have. You're so rich, right. That you, they're voice activated. And he goes, what? And I go, those are voice activated new screens.


Like you have to speak the name of the movie into the DV V player. And he goes, you're making that up. That's not even true. I go, those are the new screens. You have to speak the name of the movie. And he totally bought it. And he goes really close into the DV play DV player. And he goes cast away. And he looks at the screen and it didn't come up. And the second time cast away And I couldn't even breathe. Me and Meredith Walker, me and Meredith Walker say, cast away into our remote control a lot. No way. A lot. And into our D-V-D-A-A lot. Cast away. Cast away. Oh, Meredith, let's say hi to Meredith. Hi. Do you Hi Meredith.


Oh, we love her. Hi de are you guys still working together? It's a friend of all of ours. Meredith Walker? Yes. Is she still in Austin? Yep. Living in Austin. Hey. Oh Great. I love That. We love Meredith. We, we love, love, Love Meredith. Yeah. We say cast away quite a bit. Oh that's great. I love telling someone something is voice activated when it isn't. I don't like a prank. I'm not a prank person at all. You, you got it might, But for anybody to use. But that is a harmless funny friend that is Harmless. We'll be right back. Alright. Back to the show.


Okay. So wait, Do you have any questions for Amy, your guests? It's okay. I mean, we don't need It. This is, no, this is minute 46. I don't think we've had a legit one yet. I Know. I've asked her a couple ones. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and do we really need to, I mean, Probably it's a conversation. Yeah, it's a conversation. Wait, wait. I, I do want to, I do want to get into, you touched on it before. Talk a little bit about when you were in Chicago AIM and how you knew Yeah. Your experience. That's what I wanna know. Second, second City, who was in that when you were on the tour, toured with Second City and Improv, improv, Olympic, Chicago, all that stuff. And then how you, how that moved to New York and U CCB and all that stuff. Just Bundle it. Well I mean it is, I'll bundle it 'cause it is important as a storyteller to discuss my craft.


You, you'll get kicked off this podcast if you Storyteller. I love telling a story and I love crafting story and I love My Story craft to be about telling Craft. So getting, The only thing we like on this podcast more than indie independent film is talking about independent film. Go ahead. Amy Started out in Chicago and arrived at Second City in 93. And the seniors to my freshman were on the main stage of Chicago. Amy Sedaris, Steve Corll. Steven Colbert, amazing. Mike Meyers and Chris Farley had just left. Oh. To go to like stardom in at SNLI rented Chris Farley's old apartment In In Chicago.


In Chicago. I didn't know I was renting it, but you know, In the Hancock building. No, it was another earlier one. Yeah. You know, back then in the twenties when we were in our twenties and we moved every year. Like remember moving every year. Yeah, yeah. Yes, that's true. And I think the apartment was probably like three 90 a month. Yeah. And hard to make that rent. Yeah, yeah. And then, yeah, studied and met Tina there very early on and met Rachel Dratch who I was the understudy for at Second City. And it was just, the place was lousy with talent. Everyone was amazing. So great. And, and then moved with and then, and then UCB, Matt Besser, Matt Walsh, Ian Roberts, Ali Farian, all Great guys.


Yes, yes, yes. Adam McKay, all those guys, Neil Flynn, they were all part of a big improv group called the Family that we would go and watch and they were incredible. And then they also had UCBI joined in 93 and then in 96, which is not that much time now that I think about it, it was only three years. But we left and moved to New York, drove to the city, did a show and just started. Who's we? Well at the time it was and Will, I don't want this to be uncomfortable for you, but I was dating Matt Besser at the time, So it was a different Relationship. I knew, I fucking knew it. Yeah, No, no, truly I knew it. But, but here's, here's the thing, here's a funny story.


And Amy knows this, so 96 and she knows how good I am with dates in this. Yeah, You're very good. That's crazy. Six. They come and they do UCB. So it's Amy Walsh, Besser and Ian. And they do, they do their show Bucket of Truth, which was an amazing show. It was so funny. It was a sketch show, the improv and sketch, et cetera. And they're doing it downstairs at the West Bank on 42nd Street. And Peter Oppa, the beloved Peter Oppa, who we all love. Yeah. Manager. My first, my first agent, first Agent William Morris And Peter Zapatos. And he was my agent at the time. And he said to me, Hey, I've just signed these new, this new comedy group, you've gotta go see them.


They're performing at the West Bank. So I went with Duff and, and Amy, I was dating Missy at the time. I don't know if I told you that. Oh touche. Oh you did? Touche. Yeah. So I go, so we go the three of us to the West Bank, knowing nothing, go downstairs, that little stage and watch them do bucket of truth. And we're blown away. We go Upstairs. David, you had not yet met Amy Had not met yet Met, we watched the show. We're blown away. We go for a drink after we're talking about it. We talked about it for a few days 'cause nobody was doing what they were doing. And we were like, God, that was so funny. And it was so inventive and it was so cool and blah, blah blah. And so that is January of 1996. And just like, what the fuck?


Continue, sorry. Yeah, then, then we were there just slogging away. And like Will said, and we remember this too, right? Like people had to come see you live. They had to go actually see you. We didn't have any, like now you can really deep dive on someone really fast on the, on the internet. We didn't have that. So you had to like go see people live. What was that first space you guys had when you started? We Had a solo arts Yes. Was the name of a Yeah, was a like the walkup theater where we would improvise there and stuff. So we just kind of, you know, slogged for a while in New York and handed out flyers and Washington Square Park and everyone, I was a waitress and just thinking like, okay, you know, and then I, and then I started getting some bits on Conan because of Yeah, Andy Richter.


And that's where I got like my SAG card. That's where I got my un you know, I got paid like an under five. And Now you're in the building though, right? Like was it, could you like taste the possibility of SNL perhaps? Did you allow yourself to start to dream that? That's such a good question. I think you're right. I didn't really put that together, but you're right. Like walking in a 30 rock, you are, I always feel like with jobs and stuff like Chicago felt like where I was getting my training, but New York and Los Angeles, it's almost like, you know when you're having like a pickup game of basketball and someone's just standing around and you're like, Hey, come play. Like, Don't say Sure. Your proximity to the to the game can be very helpful. Yeah. Yes. Like getting closer to the game.


Just being around. So that's what happened when we moved to New York. We were just a little closer to the game. So we got asked to do things And you're doing, and you're doing bits on Conan and, and you did Andy's sister, Richter's sister, and you started doing more and, and all those guys were there who were writers, a lot of whom were performers from Chicago, you knew like McCann and Yep. And Glazer and all those guys. Brian Stack, yeah. Brian Stack one of the all time greats and like, and all those people, they're all there writing on Conan and you guys are all kind of part of this, this group of people who are creating comedy, right? Yeah. My decision to move to Chicago was probably the best decision for me in my career. Yeah.


Because it allowed me to meet all these people really fast who then went on to do things that I got to be a part of. Like I, they remembered me for things. They put me in small things. They, you know, wrote things for me. And it like was just this like concentrated feeling of comedy at the time that then everybody went to LA and New York and you know, and McKay was the head writer of SNL and then Tina got a job there that amazing. We all just started. It was really, really cool to wild to. And I depended on the kindness of a lot of those people for a long time to have a job. Let me ask you like a tough question and I'll try to bundle here. Basic. It's basically after all of the accomplishment, you, you've just walked us through the whole beginning and everything.


It just seems like you've done, or, or maybe even far exceeded what you allowed yourself to dream of at that age when you were starting what's left. What would you love to do in your next, now you a freshman? Yeah. Why do you still get outta bed, Amy? Why do you Yeah. Yeah. I mean there, like, you've just, you've, you've done it. You've like, you've had like this incredible career already and you're still, as you said, a freshman. Like, where would you love, how would you like to use what you've done, the success you've held had? Bundle. Bundle. Yeah. Sorry, go ahead. Well, I am, that's why I'm starting to wind down and this podcast is the beginning of that. Like, I'm just starting to wind down away from showbiz.


Wait, cool. Get cooler. Are you being number Two? Where the number two most downloaded podcast on the planet? So just know your Jet. Yeah, no. Her podcast. She's talking about, Oh yeah. That is a wind down. You're right. That is a wind down. No. Or are you talking about us? It's, Well, you know what? It remains to be seen. It remains to be seen. But No, no. I, I I, but honestly, it is kind of why I'm excited to do a podcast. 'cause I'm actually, Jason, to genuinely answer your question, I am excited about what is the next, I like thinking about what is the next thing to do. Like, I like trying new things. That's what keeps me feeling engaged in the world and in are like, creative. So I'm very excited about this new podcast.


'cause I really like, I'm a huge fan of podcasts in general. Listen To them. Yes. I I Saw that. Yeah. I listen to 'em all the time and they're really replaced a lot of like, media for me. Right. And I'm into the idea of exploring it. 'cause I really like talking to people and I'm curious about people and I learn a lot about myself. Yeah. And I like to have fun. Like, I think what's happened in the space, especially for women, is that women are being asked to be like teachers and wise leaders and like a lot of, and they don't get to fuck around and, and like do very little research like you guys. Yeah. You know, like zero. Yeah. Hang a second. Hey guys, do not, you guys do not know who the guest is, which you. Right. Which is the wildest con in the world.


Unbelievable. By, by the way, you could have bundled that insult if you, that would've been a lot nicer. But let ask you tough question quick. Sean. Shut up. One up. Fuck Amy. Amy answer this question. Honestly. This is a tough, this is a tough one. This is a hard hitting. All right. All right. And I know you're very serious for a comedian, so that's okay. Her mom used to say that to her when they'd get into arguments metimes, when we get In a fight, she'd say, he's so serious for a comedian. So, so wait, have you ever listened to SmartLess? Of course I have. Okay. You have? Okay. That's A little high. I listened To SmartLess. She did go up on that course. Pretty high. Of course. I love my favorite episode Is The one, the One I love.


The one with guy. Oh my. Oh, I the one with the Bradley. But, so the Brad Bradley, your answer to my unbundled question sort of gets into the area of there is a slight plan, but you still want to kind of stay in the present and not be too sort of strategic about what the next five, 10 years are. Right. So like how do you find the balance there? I guess it's just figuring out, it's just kind of figuring out what is feels challenging. I like a challenge. So I like mixing things up to feel challenging. And also a big part of the, my fifties has been balancing my relationship to work in general.


Right. And how do I make sure that there's real balance in my life? Like, I I, the last five you guys were talking about being your pot, Your podcasting potentially. Right. Exactly. Is relaxing. Yeah. Yes. Like basically how to find ease and, and enjoy, you know, the past five years have been wild. Yeah. Wild. Right. And you know what you guys do here. What I've been doing is just like trying to just genuinely laugh with my friends. It's been actually, you know, how I've been keeping sane and So I wanna just do whatever feels like that, which feels kind of fun and a little bit challenging. And so I'm always trying to figure it out.


I don't know. It's a long-winded answer. No, I love it. I don't, I don't know. No, But it makes a, makes total sense. It's basically a combination of all the things and you're able to combine now because you're older and smarter and wiser. And it doesn't have to be like all go on career or, or all go on. Just like, no, fuck it. I don't want to do anything there. We're, we're actually able to merge both now, finally at this age. Yeah. I think And women, women I think especially have a often a burden to really pay attention to what everybody is doing and feeling. And then if you have the luxury of turning it around and trying to figure out yourself, it's like, that is what can be great about getting older.


And women do really well, I think when they like, give themselves time to do that. Let Me speak to that. Let me speak about women. 'cause I think that, Yeah, let's talk about women. So, But will go ahead. Your thoughts on women, But who, who is that person that you bounce stuff off of or when you get like, Oh, I, I would say all of my, all of the women in my life have been like really, really helpful mentors and teachers and friends and stuff like, you know, the women in my life that have been through it with me, I think is really the, the biggest resource for me. And, you know, people who have kids and people who, you know, who understand what it's like to feel over overwhelmed and stuff.


And especially the past five years, which has just been a complete insane, insane shit hit after hit of, of sci-fi nightmares. That's A dream of mine. Totally. But what, what's it like, it's, right. What's it like being for you and will being on the verge of being empty nesters? It's not the verge, but it's gonna, it's gonna come sooner than later. Oof. You think about that and like I do how That relates to what you're gonna do. I know. Yeah. I know. I haven't, I haven't really, but kind of in the short story metaphor, I haven't, I'm like, I don't, I don't feel like the story I'm, I'm there yet. Yeah. So I amm not quite. Yeah. I don't know. I mean it's, it feels so, it's, I don't even, I don't even know.


It sucks. It's one about to go to college and it's How does it feel? It's, it's bleak, you know? Yeah. Because there's just, it, it is there. It's so that's a mortality thing. It's like it's, you know, we all kick, kick, kick it down the road. It's about you. Well, but, but it's like, it's the concept of the end of something that is just something you is conveniently kind of pushed aside and then it, then it's here. Can I, can I, can I say something about that, that I've noticed? And this is jb this is, I, I've learned from you something that, and I mean this, I mean this gently and I mean this sweetly, which is I I, which is this is gonna hurt. No. Which is, you've been, Jason's been so nervous and anxious about Frannie going to college for a few years and he is talked about it.


And So I see him going through the pain for so long. And this is an example of not living in the present. So sometimes I think that you had a tough time enjoying the moment. 'cause you're just so, you've been anticipating for years, you've been putting that out and talking about it. And I'm like, I'm Trying to separate myself from her so it doesn't hurt. Yeah, Exactly. Which is by the way That's True. Which is, so you like, remember you do that. Like Jason's thing to not laugh when he is in a take is to think about people dying in a car crash. I'm not kidding. And and then he doesn't and then he won't go up. Right. Well, we all know, we all do that. Yeah. We all know Jason is so sociopathic, you know. No, he's a robot. But the thing is, I, but, but I see that in you and I, and I, and I've said it to you before. I'm like, it's okay. Like, let that moment come when that moment comes and enjoy.


Right. So I, I've u been using it. I keep reminding myself, just enjoy it now. Enjoy it now. It's, it's not, again, not easy. It's, It's not easy. No. That's A great note. Well raise your hand if you think you're gonna live to a hundred. And if you wanna live to a hundred, That's Me. Okay. Three of us are raising her hand. Sean is not raising, it's that ankle. Sean's like can't go on with that ankle. I, I can't with this ankle. No way. I think done. We've Got a shot. Your ankle was the last straw, I think. I think we Got a shot. Yeah. No, it truly, we didn't, didn't one of these really smart scientists lately say that the person that's going to live to 120 or 150 or something is already born. Yep. Way like, that's gonna Be kind of common in this generation. Like a hundred is like the Yeah, but What kinda life do you have at 120?


Yeah, Sean, I hear you. Like, as long as it feels like a fruitful life. But you know, imagine if you were like a little, a little dude in a little, in a cute little suit That wheeled around, but they cut to the, like in the news, like the local news they cut to like, Marjorie is 106 today and we're gonna, we visited her and she can't talk or move or she, and They're like, Marjorie Mar what advice do you have to, for people to live this long? She's like, make Sure that, You know, She's got cake, Cake falling out of her mouth. Mouth Every day. Yeah, Exactly. Please walk in may have a glass of wine and Exactly. I don't want to be that. I don't wanna be Marjorie. Remember remember Ernest Borgne had that great, he had his great advice on how to live forever, which was to snap one off every day.


And Amy, you know, and Yeah. And then, and you know where he lived in, in Jason and Amanda's house. Yeah. And So I, I always remind him to think about Ernest Borgne walking around that house, Throwing goo all over the place. Borg, he had lives that guy. Oh, nice. Very Nice. Thanks guys. Amy, I have one last comment before we let you go because we've had you for too long and I want to thank you for your time, but thank You Sean. Yeah. I told you and both you and Will our, I love Arch and Abel so much and they've, and I love Maple and Franny too. And both of you, everybody on this podcast, we love Ricky podcast right now. Have you guys have done such a phenomenal job with you?


Yeah. Between your journey, between you two, your kids are just unbelievable great human beings. Oh, thanks. It's the greatest compliment, you know, because thanks so much to you guys. Yeah. I, I just love them. And you guys, they're incredible and I wanted to remind people to listen to Good hang with you. Thank you. It's on Spotify. On Spotify. And I have great guests coming out. Tina Faye is my first guest. Hey. No kidding. That's Great. Yep. Because, you know why give the, give America what they want. Of course. And then good Dax on there. Dax give you some pointers. Did great. Can't wait. Yeah. Any pointers, guys, now that you've, you're five years in useless, You can tell we've learned nothing. Zero. I can definitely ask people. I mean, if you, if if you guys can do it, It's true.


Anybody can do it. By the way, Amy, you won't be surprised that we haven't looked at comments forever. They'd always be like, there questions suck and they interrupt people all the time. And I'm like, yeah, of course we do. What are you talking about? I mean, the conversation. If you guys have taught me anything and you've taught all individually and collectively gonna, it taught me so much, this is gonna hurt. It's don't overthink it. Right. Don't overthink it. That's good. Unbelievable. So glad you finally, we finally got you. We love you. Thanks guys. Thanks for having me on. It was so fun. Thank you. Okay. Glad It was a fun surprise. I was, was such a good Surprise. I'm bringing the boys over. Okay.


Can't wait. Bye Bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. Aim. Thank you. Yeah, You got it. My pleasure. So, well that was fantastic to meet her. Yeah. I've been such a fan of hers for, I don't know. Yeah. How funny. I had No, you know what? When you were doing the intro, and of course I was like, and, and then she was like, oh, you didn't, I I was like, it never occurred to me. You just thought it was coincidental that all, oh, well, you know, Amy did all those things. How Did you guess it? Jay? From what? Because You said a queen of Massachusetts or something like that. Oh wow. You knew it just like that. But I still, I had such a like Yeah, I love that. You didn't know I told Amanda last week. Oh yeah. And yeah, she's Like, Amanda could work for the government.


She's very good about keeping a secret. But the kids, Abel Abel's here right now. He never said a word. I love That. I love God. Bless him. I'm gonna, I love your face. I'm gonna go Drag him out of his bed. How dare you. That was, that was rad. Listen, it's not to get weird, but I I I hope you're as proud as you should be. And she as well. I mean like yeah, that went beautifully. Like the fact that you guys not only have raised these two kids so well, but your relationship is so great and healthy and Yeah. Like you could do a fucking one hour podcast in front of millions of people and not have to fake anything. Like it's just Right. You know, it's really cool. It's pretty admirable. I know it took like, full disclosure, it like any couple that goes through the journey you've gone through, it took a while, but you're there now.


Yeah. You know, but you know, we, I I am really proud of it and of course it takes a, things take a minute because everybody's sort of adjusting to what it is. But I I'm also very proud of, certainly as parents what we've been able to do. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and that, you know, is is has been really important to both of us. And yeah, I, I'm, I'm really, really lucky to have her as a partner in this way. Yeah. For us. That's great. Us to to to pair In this way how lucky Archie and Abel are too. Yeah. That you guys like worked out a brand new relationship that serves you both and them. And it's, And and I would say that I probably, you know, there, there aren't many people I speak to more than I speak to her, which is weird because it, you know what I mean?


Yeah. Yep. Yeah. But it's, it's, it's great. I I feel really lucky and I do still, Does Josh Lin get, get jealous at all or? He does, but but she is, she is somebody that I, I still run a lot of stuff by if I'm thinking who get Jealous If Josh is not available. Josh, He's my buddy Josh, you know that I FaceTimed. Oh, Josh, I didn't hear what you said. Yeah, But I, I still like, she's the person I go like, Hey, I'm thinking about doing this or hey, like whether it's life or work and I really, I seek her counsel 'cause it's important to me 'cause because I trust her in that, you know? Yeah. And she's a sharp cookie. She's awesome. She's awesome. And so what Is the, what did we, what was the buy from the opening? It was a bicentennial. Oh yeah. Like to hunt 250 episode.


That's right. What was this? So anyway, so guys that was unbelievable and enjoy the rest of your day. Now it's our 250th episode. I can't believe it. Wait, what honey? Yeah. You remember in 1976? Yeah, yeah, yeah. United States. That was the 200th. That was the Everybody. Smart, smart SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant.


Terry, Rob Arm, JF and Bennett Barco Smart. Less.