
Kiwi Kwan has had quite a career from childhood roles in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom and the Goonies to a recent Academy Award win for everything everywhere, all at once. But now Ki finally Stars as a leading man in the film. Love Hurts. Love Hurts is the perfect date night movie with its mix of over the top action and comedy and a ton of heart. Plus it also Stars Academy Award winner Ariana dubose and former Super Bowl champ, my buddy Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch. Don't Ms. Love Hurts in theaters. Now.


Thank you to Paramount Plus for sponsoring today's episode of SmartLess. Paramount Plus is the home of the UFA Champions League. The UFA Champions League has reached the knockout stage where the best of the best in European Club soccer face off to be crowned champions of Europe. Watch the best coverage of the best soccer in the world all season long. Live on Paramount plus experience the excitement of every single match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus visit paramount plus.com/live sports to get started.


Hey, Whoa, whoa. Hi. Hey, what are you doing? Hi. Are you busy right now? Because I'd love to do a podcast if you are you free? That's a think what we're doing. I think we're doing Let's call Will really quick. I think it'll be better with three Will. Hello? You've reached the messaging of Oh, dammit, Will Arnett. Gosh, We missed him. Feel Free to start an all new SmartLess. Oh, smart, smart, smart. You know, I've been thinking about going, not changing, it's not really changing my name, but I'm thinking about just going with just will.


Like, kinda like Cher with The words Just Will Just and Will. No, Just will. Yeah. But j just Will would be clearer. Right. Too close To, it's too close to just Jack from that show. I'm Not familiar. Meaning neither. I don't know what this show, but So, so nobody and nobody's got, nobody picked Will yet. Just the more Will I'm saying will like, you know, you know how like Brazilian soccer players just go with like Pepe or whatever on the back of there. So I just wanna do that. You know what took Me say? Yeah. Sean, you don't know what the hell he is talking. No, I don't. But you know what took me forever to realize You remember that? Oh, hang on. Can I have a crack at this? Because the list is long That the world might not be flat. No, That will.


I will period. I period m period of the rapper, singer, guy, whatever he is. Will I am? Yeah. Yeah. Will I am? Yeah, that's is. William used Stupid Faster. I didn't realize that. You're kidding. You're kidding. I swear to God till like a year ago. It was like, I looked at it, I was like, oh, it's William. When you say didn't realize, how is that possible? Well, Nothing's gonna beat Beatles, right? No. That beats That. That was a Beats Beatles to me. Shock To know. Lots, lots of people on my side. Guys. Lots people on on my side. I think, I think Willie will. I am Beats Beatles. Yeah. Will I like that The hair is still growing. Sure. You got a real Carol Brady Kickout on the back. I love it. Cow. Are you gonna, are, what are we gonna do with it? Have you, have you settled on what the look's gonna be for the big film?


No. I mean, I think you're kinda looking at it's, am I Looking at it all right? It's not a whole lot. Are you gonna put gel in it? You're gonna put Loose? Well, it's gonna be all over the place and it's gonna be, you know. Yeah. And yeah, this is just gonna be what it is, man. You know, I'm kind of freewheeling. You know me. Ah, you freewill Did this Free will Again, this, did you guys know anything about me? Yeah. You're talking to Will simply just Will. Yeah. He's really easy going and freewheeling free. Free. You know, Scotty And I, I said to Jay, we missed you last week. Will at? I know, I know. Dinner. How was it? It was fine. It was really small. There was some, yeah, good Laugh. There was plenty of oxygen for everyone with you not there. Wow. This guy Think our audience will agree.


No, we did. Now you were still in town or you had just left Sunday? I left, I left Sunday night. Yeah. Yeah. And Now you're in New York and you're there for the hall for the long haul. Yeah. I'm not gonna come back. I'm gonna come back in a couple weeks for a weekend. Yeah. Grab Some toiletries. Grab, grab a few misplaced items. Yeah. Some sundries and then, yeah, no, no. Go back and, and see the kids and, and then they're gonna come out here. It's gonna be great. I see you got the whisper booth all set up, don't you? Look at that. Yeah, I got it all set up. You're leaving. You're leaving soon? I'm leaving in three weeks, I think. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta start doing some homework.


God damnit. Yeah, I've really been putting it off. I'm like that though. I just kick it all down the road and then I cram Sure. What you mean? Memorizing lines and stuff? Yeah, that well just like rereading and rereading the scripts and like, I gotta figure out my look. You know, I'm playing this St. Louis Weatherman and I'm, yeah, I think you got it. I think you got it too. Yeah. No. Hey, don't be hurt. Fault. You default. No, I, I've got a Tell us What it's like outside today. Like, it's gonna be a, a mustache and maybe parting the hair, But I, I need some glasses, but I don't wanna get too anchorman with it, you know? Sure, Yeah. Yeah. You don't want it to be a cartoon at caricature. You know, the other thing, jb, if you do happen to Guys, that's my ride.


If you do happen to, by the way, our guest is in Times Square. I'm so excited for This. JB I'm selling f pretzels live. JB JB I, I will say this and we can get your guests, but I, if you do go the parted, I'm excited if you go parted because it'll mean you're finally put like a comb or a brush in your hair. It'd be really Exciting for everybody. I might actually blow dry it too. Wait, are You, It looks so terrible. It's gonna be gigantic. It's gonna be like a Wait. I wanna tell you, Willie, that, that I said to Jay on Sunday, we got a turntable, Scottie And I for Christmas. You know, did I tell you right? Two turntables and a microphone? No, dude. Each two. Did I tell you I got a stack of wax here that I'm just looking to put on somewhere, you know?


No, seriously. It's so fun. We put it on at night and we just listen to like soundtracks or whatever. Like, I haven't listened to vinyl since I was a kid. Oh, can You soundtrack? So even when you're on vinyl, you're listening to Star Wars. Yeah. Fucking and et even when You're on a record Et soundtrack. So, good Christ. He's got a vinyl of the Star Trek, please. And Star Wars sound. Absolutely. Of course. Hey, Sean, when TikTok went dark, did you and Scottie make your final promises to each other and start, Can you imagine Sean and Scottie putting on a record? Yeah. That's putting the needle down the record and just dancing around the I'm trying the house there. Just like, they don't care. That's right. They're, They're going like, Etie. This is the part.


Remember when Elliot gets on his bike and he puts them in the basket, Do A dance for that, Do a dance for that. And we, this is when he comes and he's in the closet and he puts his finger out and he says, et won. Go ho. Do you remember that? Alright. Today. And he took the shaky hands. Yeah. Today, Today We've got a guest who's just, just starting to get a little momentum in show business. We're excited to have her here at the beginning. So far she's off to a good start though, with the singing stuff. She's sold over 90 million records. She's got 50 billion streams and she's got a couple of Grammys Whatcha talking about? Yeah. With the acting latest films just gone past 700 mil. What? She happens to be the seventh most followed person on Instagram with 700, or sorry, 376 million followers.


And she's got a cosmetic line of fragrance line that's earned just over a billion. Wait a minute. Well, so she's got a little bit of wind at her back. Now she's stopping by for a little advice and encouragement for Musk geniuses before she officially gets out there. Gives it a go. Please give incredible hello to the incredible Ariana Grande. Come on out. That is very silly's. Go Ariana. Oh my, my gosh. This is exciting. I'm so happy. Happy to be here with you guys. Wow. Know Happy you said yes. Wait, where are you? Arian? I in New York, big get JB what did you do? What's Very expensive guest right here, guys. So use your time wisely.


I love you all so much And I love the show so much. I'm so Happy to be here. You're very nice to say that Even for a podcast. You look gorgeous. I mean, even just for showing up. Gosh. Thank you. Yeah, you could this you didn't have to. Yeah. Look at Oh my God. At, you're so nice. How are, how is everyone? How are you Guys? Everyone is good. Wonderful. We're all, We're all really good. How are you? Is more to the point? My gosh, you got so much going on. How are you? Yeah, I'm good. I'm currently in London And I just got here, so I'm, I'm just, yeah. Adjusting to the time and Yeah. The jet lags no good. No, it's like, it's fine. You know, you get to a point where you're just kind of like, whatever, whatever needs to be. We'll be, I feel like it's worse coming back. Right? It's worse coming back to the states.


No, no. From LA to London or anywhere in Europe is the worst on the planet, I think. And then coming back is really fun. 'cause then you're in a morning person for a while. Yeah. Right, right, right. Yeah. I Love that. Did you just get in there today? Yeah, we just got here. So I'm excited. Right. This Is a way to Start the trip, but let's start there. So like, you're okay with the amount of things you take on and the way you fill your day? I mean, or I mean, I guess I should put that in the form of a question. Are you okay with it? How much, how much time do you sort of allocate to just hanging out? I mean, I, I feel really grateful for the balance that I have found.


I am, I mean, this whole wicked journey has been quite different for me. Okay. And it's been obviously full steam ahead, but it's been so beautiful And so fun. Yeah. Yeah. I really feel like maybe when I was younger and it was like sort of during my first few years as a pop star, I really struggled with boundaries and not being able to say no when I needed to. 'cause if I was like running on empty. But I, I really do feel like I've been able to find a balance and also like a team who's really protective and amazing. Yeah. And, And I love it. I really feel like I've thoroughly been able to enjoy this wicked insanity.


I feel so present and grateful. And that's been so beautiful. Yeah. Well, Sean, Sean, you had a tough time with boundaries when you first were introduced to Right, to Oreos. Like You, You did. I still do. I have to have it locked away. There's a lock on the door. There's a lock on the door. So Dumb, so dumb, So dumb, so dumb. Oh, there's lots of dumb here. Oh wait, do you get, where do we get, we're just Ariana. What if this was your, what if this was your press junket for this sequel to Wicked right now. You just started now. I love it. I've it, where does it end? Where does one end My head? You'd be like, you'd be like, why is it so low rent so up. We love Farther Away. We love Wicked. We love the great Mark Plat. He's a friend, a long time friend, love Mark, and all the people involved with it.


And you guys did an amazing job. Incredible Tears, real tears in my eyes. And I Watch it. Thank And you've already, you've already shot the second one, right? Yes. Second one is done. We haven't seen it yet. Really? That's done. Yeah. And it comes out maybe like this time next year. So I Have, I've seen it. Yes. The same time. Next year. It's on November 22nd, but next year. Yeah. I have seen it. And it's, he's got notes. It's not good. Ariana, you're, you're barely even in it. All your stuff Can be reshot. Oh man. I don't want you to worry about it. Okay. We are not. Thank You for telling me. Thank you for having my back. My God. So then you're set to start that junket like in a few months, right? I mean, I suppose So. I I think maybe the, there'll be a little bit of space in the summer. Right?


Let it breathe for a second. But it's very exciting. Yeah. I mean, the response has just been so insanely not what you expect or ever would I know. Could you imagine, Ever Imagine if it was just a big turd and you already, you had the second one already ready to go and you just knew you had like, well, Like it still happen, God forbid. But you know, you never know. I'm just kidding. I've done that. I'm sure we all have. Right? We've gotta talk about something that just didn't work. Wait, so Ariana, the last time I saw you was Hairspray Live. Yes. And we would share a trailer. And you told me the funniest stories I cannot repeat. We would Giggle. Wait, Wait, go back, go back. So the last time we saw each other hair say, try not to slur your way through your words. Shun was where Hairspray live on NBC Hairspray Live.


Okay. Yes. Yes. And we were, you were sharing A-A-A-A-A single trailer or We were in a double banger? No, The hair and makeup. The hair and Makeup. Oh, gotcha. Okay. So you chair, chair got Very fun Time. So you did, I didn't even know you used to do her hair and makeup. So talk a little bit about that. Shut. Oh My Goodness. Were you just doing a blowout, Sean? I think she looked so good. Ariana. We did a, we did a weird talk show in the UK like 10 years ago. Do you remember that? To at the same day. Wait, No. Yeah. Uhoh. What? Wait, what weird talk show Did we do? It was called Chatty Man. Yes. Yeah. With a, with the drink. With the drink cart. And, And like I Oh My Gods. It's Right. It's back. I really leave an Impression. It's not you, it was the boundaries. Remember?


Maybe was it, was there bad Boundary? It was just me. It was, I'm missing a couple of years. I'm super serious from that time copy that I'm, I'm literally missing a few years. Copy That. You were Well, so let me remind you. It was disgraceful your behavior. No, no, no, no, no. You were great. Me You were great. But No, no, you were great. Oh, okay. Good. You were great. But what I wanted to, So I, but we met at the time and you were, how, how old were you when you first re like, released your first record Your as a pop star? I think I was 19 when my like first single off my first album came out. Or 20. I was either 19 or 20. But And had you been, you had you been making music like since you were a kid and then that was first she was In the musical 13 on Broadway?


Yeah. I was, yeah. I was a total theater nerd. I did Broadway first when I was 14, and then I was acting for a little bit, but I was always simultaneously writing songs and doing music. I just never expected it to kind of take over the way that it sort of did in Right. In like, you know, a beautiful way. I just think that there was no way to kind of prepare for that. Especially. Yeah. So you Were a theater, you were a theater nerd, and then you were like, oh, wait a second, the world wants me to be a pop star. You just kind of went that way for a while. Yes. I mean, we're, I, I was, I am a, a theater nerd through and through. Yeah. And you know, this, this very insane journey with music kind of took over my life for a very long time.


And it was extraordinary, but very challenging and very not what I expected it to be in certain ways, but so beautiful and gratifying in others. And yeah, it was just crazy because when I was younger, especially after doing 13 on Broadway, I was kind of like, how cool I get to be part of the theater community. I can't wait to be like, you know, the understudy for the thoroughly modern Millie revival and maybe be in the ensemble on the days when I'm not being the swing. Yeah. And then I'll do music on the side and hopefully someone will listen to it. And that can be like a little side thing and hopefully someone will be into it.


These are all things, you know, I mean are on Sean. Yeah. It all on Sean's vision board That you just, everything that's on His vision board. Well then speaking of theater, then musical theater was there. What was it like the first time you saw Wicked on, on Broadway? Was that, I mean, it was life changing. Yeah. It was literally life before and after Seeing Wicked My Life in two chapters. Did You seen it with Adina Menzel and Chenoweth? I did. I was very spoiled. I can't believe I got to, I saw what the original Broadway cast When Was that? And I was 10, like 10 years ago in, yeah. Oh, 20 years ago. 2021. Wow. 21 years ago. Wow. Crazy. Yeah, it was crazy. I mean, it changed my life. I was so obsessed.


And it's gonna be so surreal. Like Yeah. Seeing that. And then now you're in it like Glinda. It's, wow. So then can I ask then was did you hear that they were making a movie of Wicked and you threw your hat in the ring? Yes. I, that's putting it very lightly. Oh really? I was stalking Mark Plat. Like, I, I actually was like really, really in the bushes outside his house? No, but I wasn't, but maybe I was. But no, I was on tour. I was on the sweetener tour And I had heard murmurs of, okay, this thing is gearing up to happen. And I, I told my team, I was like, Hey, we're gonna have to have a plan. I don't know what to do. But if, God forbid, if God forbid, I'm still on the road when this thing starts happening, we are gonna have to like, you know, Refund some tickets.


Hey, pay everyone working on the tour. Yeah. To just like, you know, here's what you whatever, go away. I have to figure this out. I have to. Right. Well, I have to give my everything to this. And I have to start training. I have to make sure I'm in classes to train my voice every day. And with an acting coach every day just to get back into it. And also, Glenda requires a whole new skillset that I didn't have a connection to anymore. 'cause I was on the road for 10 years And I was just like, I have to make this my full time gig. I have to do everything in my power just to get a chance to earn it. I wanna make sure that when my audition, if I get an audition, they'll that I'm fucking ready with Every Right.


Did they make you audition to Like Yeah. I mean, of course it's wicked. Of course it's Wicked. Would you have to do like a self tape or did you go in person? No, you go, you go on your phone. I mean, it was such a, it was a thorough experience as it should be. Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, there's just so much that is required of Glinda that's so different from what I used do. I'm Ariana, I'm five foot six. I'm from New York and this is my first Wow. Five six. Do I present five, six? I wish. Oh my God. Wow. What's amazing though. You're Five six presenting. Five six presenting. No, Sorry. What's amazing though about what you just said about having to audition and show up and, and show your, I was just blown.


Everybody knows you can sing and sing really well. Thank you. That's nice. But to be able to legit sing like that, like you, like I, I yeah. And we both go, we both see Eric Vitro. Eric taught me how to sing and he and he coaches you and he's, he's wonderful, greatest focal coach ever in the World. Yeah. And yes. And to watch you like I, I was talking to Jay, Jason and Will about the athleticism of your voice and Cynthia's voice. Thank you. And like what that requires. I'm watching you on screen, like breathing, breathing with you, like as you, and then the legit like diaphragm, like the power you have is so incredible and, and you, you can't teach it, you know?


Thank you. That is Pretty, Yeah. Yeah. You just Think something nice. Thank you. Sean. Is it Ariana? Is there a, when you're dancing and singing at the same time, do you constantly have to monitor, not running outta breath because you're dancing, like you need the breath for singing, but you also need to, you're like, you're exercising with dancing too. Oh gosh. Is that a challenge? Well, yeah, I thought I, it's just kind of something that you build up to. So there's a lot of physical training. There's like, you know, whatever you can do cardio Pilates every morning than before the rehearsals. Hopefully it feels like a little easier. Like the more you do ahead of it. Yeah. Right. The more it's easier to, you know, singing on The treadmill. Do you sing on the treadmill to get used to it? Sometimes. Yeah. Yeah, I do. Not On the treadmill, but, you know, I was thinking that like, all that training that you did, again, you started in the theater and then you kind of, you know, became this huge pop star, but maintained that love for theater.


I, I wonder if, and I'm asking, I guess being on tour and singing and performing in front of big, huge audiences must have been all, all those years turns out was maybe great preparation. Was it? Yeah. It's funny because I feel like it's like, yes, but also I feel like working with Jason Robert Brown at the age of 13 was, was my preparation for that. Right. And I was like, oh my goodness. The only reason I can keep up with this tour where I'm singing all of these songs live for two and a half hours every night, or however long it is, or whatever it is at that, you know, it's very demanding and then traveling on a drive bus or in a drive plane or whatever it is. And the only reason I can keep up with that, I credit to being on Broadway.


So it goes back and forth kind of, right. It's like just this stamina that I am so grateful that I got to build at a young age because, you know, Jason gave me the hard, like, I couldn't, I love Jason Robert Brown because he is like, can you do that? And it's like, I don't know. And he is like, you got it. And it's just like, okay, great. I'll figure it out. Because he Said, you got it. You got it. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's like a second longer of a note than you think you can hold or a higher note, one note higher than you think you can sing. And he's like, perfect. You take that harmony. And I think that trained me, it trained me to be able to do the singing that I was doing. And then it went back and forth, I suppose. Do you, and for forgive the, the term legit because it's all legit.


Even pop singing is legit, but that's No, I, I I know you, you know what I mean? It's different. Yeah. So do, do you want to do more of that? Because I'd never seen you do that until Wicked. I'd never seen you sing legit like that. Well, you know, I, it felt really wonderful to kind of have a little surprise and it's so, it was really special for me. Yeah. And we will be right back.


Having a great voice is great when you're doing a play like in a live show. But having a great voice can also be helpful for getting hired for advertising campaigns. That's why if you're a B2B marketer, you should use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has the targeting capabilities to help you reach the world's largest professional audience. That's right. Over 130 million decision makers all in one place. All the big wigs and medium wigs. Also small wigs who are on the path of becoming big wigs. That's enough about wigs. LinkedIn ads allows you to focus on getting your B2B message to the right people. So does that mean you should use ads on LinkedIn instead of hiring the man with the greatest voice in the world? Yes. Yes it does. Get started today and see why LinkedIn is the place to be, to be. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash smartlist to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions apply


You and we deserve snacks that are better for you and incredibly delicious. And that's where Skinny Pop Popcorn comes in. Skinny Pop uses quality ingredients to bring you the light and tasty flavors you love. The original Ready to Eat popcorn is made up of just popcorn, kernels, sunflower oil, and salt. That's it. In addition to the original popcorn, skinny Pop also offers a variety of delicious flavors from white cheddar to sweet and salty kettle popcorn. Skinny Pop Popcorn is always non GMO gluten-free. And there are many vegan options too. So stop everything and add Skinny pop to your grocery list. It's okay. We'll wait. So for me, whenever Scotty And I are gonna watch a movie at home, I mix the original popcorn with the Kettle popcorn. 'cause the kettle's a little more sweet, but the right original is a little more salty. Do you get what I'm going for? It's kind of like how I cut my apple juice with water. Anyway. Skinny pop popcorn deliciously pop, perfectly salted shop, skinny pop. Now


Sick and tired of traditional old workout gear. Discover Vuori Vuori products are designed to work out in, but also to look great in everyday life outside of the gym. Vuori makes super comfy and versatile apparel that can be used for running training, swimming, yoga, or just lounging around for both men's and women's items. You'll love, you need to check out the Dream Knit Collection. The dual gender Dream knit collection is great for stretching and lounging and has the perfect items to wear for low impact workouts. The dream knit collection is made with special dream knit fabric, which is moisture wicking made from 89% recycled materials and has four-way performance stretch. The Ponto Performance Jogger is a great jogger for men. While women will love the Performance jogger, I know people say this, but I actually really am wearing Vuori shorts right now. I have the Ponto short in Heather Gray. And not only do I feel confident if somebody knocks on the door and delivers something to, And I open 'em like, yeah, I'm wearing Vuori. What, what's it? What's with it? Yeah, I'm in shorts. What's the problem? Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. Backing up a little bit, your, the start of your career was great. So you do like this, this big musical on Broadway, you start doing some acting and that really takes off as far as, you know, kid Success goes. Like you're, you're killing it. 'cause you're on a, a big series, I think on Nickelodeon, perhaps. Yeah. And all the while you're thinking and dreaming and trying for some singing as well. And that's really the passion. And your team is probably, I'm assuming, kind of supportive. Yes. But not really sure. Well, should we throw the baby out with the bath water? Can we do both? Like, what was the thing in singing?


What was the big success that gave you comfort and your team comfort that you could kind of transition away from acting a little bit more and really pursue this musical career? Well, I think it just kind of, I followed it in a way. Yeah. Because, you know, I was, the whole time I was a cat on Nickelodeon, I was also writing like pop r and b music on the side. Yeah. I Would go from amazing set to the studio and I Would be like making these songs that I was probably too young to put out yet. And, you know, it was just a, a funny, interesting thing. And I, I remember there was a blurry time when Nickelodeon kind of wanted the music that I was writing to potentially be for the show.


Right. So there was a moment where I actually like put out a song with the red hair and it was very like, kind of in the Cat Valentine mindset. 'cause I didn't know if I was supposed to be myself yet or not. Yeah. Right. And then someone that I was very close to that was very supportive and a really, really, really loving, wonderful person in my life was like, Hey, they're gonna love you as you Right. With brown hair singing r and b inspired pop and, you know, just fucking wing it Right. And put that out. Mm. And And I did. And it, it was really cool. I I, it was, it was cool to see the people not know the connection or discover that and then realize the connection and it was just, they accepted you.


It was just cool. Yeah. It was, it was scary, but cool. And I've learned a lot along the way, you know, it's, it's weird. Oh, That's great. Well, you've done, and, and again, like you've, you know, you've done so much in this, you know, in in the music space and the, the acting space and the combo with the musicals. And now as Jason said, when he introed you, you're getting into other businesses and, and cosmetics I guess, and a lot of other things like you're taking on a lot of, are, are those other things giving you that same, are you getting that same sort of like, hunger for success in those other areas? Are you finding them rewarding getting into business and doing stuff like that? Has that been a fun experience?


It's definitely been a fun experience And I definitely love creating in all capacities and storytelling in any capacity. Like, I really do love my fragrance and my beauty brand. And, and that stuff is like Right. It's really fun. And I think it's a totally different part of my brain. I, my mom is a CEO and she's very much a business person. Oh, cool. And my dad is an artist, So I think I kind of sit exactly in between the two of them. Yeah. And these two parts of me are very hungry in very different ways. And I enjoy it. I enjoy creating, but I think, obviously my loves of my life are acting in music. It's like, not even a comparison. I feel grateful for like every area in which I can be a creative person who like makes stuff Yeah.


But it's not necessarily the same, but it's something I love very much, you know? Yeah, Yeah. You know, when you said earlier about with the, with the music, you weren't really sure if you were allowed to be you and, and it's sort of a weird question, but like, with all of the success that you are having and have had in all of these different areas, all of those things can be really affecting on, on who you are, obviously to the public, but really who you are internally, because they can kind of pull you and push you right into areas of yourself you would like to be, or areas that you really didn't think that you were, or at least the perception of you.


So, excuse me, how are you managing, keeping a natural sort of progression of who you are, who you would like to be as far as letting these outside things identify who you are? And, and does that, does that make any sense? No, It makes total sense. And it's also something that I have to be so protective of. Yeah. Because I think, like, as an artist, I, the most important thing is authenticity and kind of making the records that I wanna make or making and Talking about the things. Singing about the things that, that that means talking to you. Right. Exactly. Yeah. Totally. But you know, I also, I also am like a cancer and a recovering people pleaser. And I like in the past, oh yeah.


Yeah. Hi. Hello. Same Recovering people. Pleaser. I am, I am, I am. I wish there were a group. Oh my god, I'm meeting, But let's start just me and you Jason, let's go. Please. Serious. Hang on one second. So Jason pleasing people is something, okay. How do you What Phrase this? But No, I, That is such a great term. It, but it's true. It's such a thing that we have to fight to protect as people who like, have a connection with our, our listeners, our fans, and also remaining true to ourselves and what's in our hearts. And I feel like I've been doing a really great job at that recently.


But it's just such a, it's such a hard line to, to walk. It's like, no, I'm gonna write the songs I wanna write, I have to make the album that I want to make. Yeah. And I have to kind of tune as much of the noise out so that I can just be an honest person, which has been hard work, especially when you come into it at 19. Sorry. No, that's great. You know it. I was thinking too, like total, by the way, exact same person. I'm Long-winded. I'm like so long-winded. Sorry. No, same. No, that's what he for. No. Yeah. And we're gonna cut all of it out. So the Oh, okay. Good. Yeah. I'm kidding. My whole, just my whole presence. Cut the whole presence. No, no, No. Get ready. Sorry. He's gonna ask you questions, so get ready. Think of your favorite colors right now. Go ahead. Or something, something weird happened.


What's your Favorite color? Weird happen in the theater. Oh yeah. Anybody ever Get lippy in the Audience? Oh my God. I could talk to you for 17,000 hours about that. Go ahead, Sean. Then do it. I Could No, Ariana, like in the back of your head. Get like a great theater story ready, because I love those like, things that go wrong. Like, I have so many of them, but, but I wanted To talk about Still did it. Did it anyway. Yeah. Well you get it ready. So I, I wanna talk about like getting, do you have a, what is it like with the, how do you handle the ups and downs of being, I hate saying this, but relevant because for example, like Taylor Swift, like I, I don't remember anybody talking about her 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 years ago.


I mean, sure she had many, many fans and she was very famous and popular, but she wasn't like she is now. And it goes up and down and up and down for everybody in this entire entertainment business. And so for me, I've always been a huge fan of yours, but wicked really like, oh my god, there's Ariana Grande and she's, and everything. And it's not that people didn't think that when you had an album come out or a tour come out, but the ups and downs where you're, when you're quiet Yeah. There's this like, how do you, yeah, there's those spikes. How do you handle, or what do you do during the low spikes? I don't know. I mean, I try not to look at spikes Smart or for smart smart for them or monitor them or like Yeah, very good. I kind of try to, I think I'm a person who like wasn't meant to be famous, But I love the art of making and creating so much that I think like my insatiable need to just kind of make things and create and try to push myself to grow in different directions and, you know, learn new things and see what, and the spikes would come.


I can, yeah. Yeah. I just, I kind of try to focus on that as much as possible. That's great. And I think it helps me survive. Otherwise, I really think if I paid more attention that I Would like not, I Would go away. I think it's just too scary. Chase it. Yeah. Well you're adding layers to it too, which is really cool. Like you're adding different dimensions to what you do. So it's like, people can't just go like, what is Ariana Grande? They're not like, they gotta keep up. She's just a pop story. No, she's an actress. That's Such a scary thought to even think like, oh, what are they thinking right now? Yeah. I I, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I like the healthiest thing for me is to disconnect as much as humanly possible. Of course I have like the internet And I, I'm on my phone, you know, I, I whatever love Instagram, but you know, I I I'm a person who tries to maintain a healthy distance from it.


Yeah, that's 'cause I think it's like the same thing I Would tell like a young person who's like, what do you do when you hear like, no, all the time tho those spikes feels like, feel like big nos again. It feels like I got a, I didn't get a callback for shitty shitty bang bang And I'm eight years old or something. Like, it's the same thing. Shitty bang. I know You but I serious. Yeah, yeah. But as you add, but as you add those, as you add those layers and you have those moments, what are the things then now as you kind of look forward and go like, okay, I've done that. Like what are the, what are the new tar? Do you have new targets in mind? Do you want Yeah. How do you find, find success nowadays? Yeah, yeah, exactly. How do you find success? Oh my goodness. I I, first of all, all of you have to answer this, this hard ass question after I'm done, everyone has to answer.


We're taking turns. This is the first official meeting of people pleasing recovery. I'll bet it's somewhere. I'll bet it's somewhere around. Like, are you able to maintain happiness and calm and peace and harmony each day amidst so much complicated, challenging kind of stuff? And I suppose gotta Yeah. Yeah. I mean, amen to that. I mean, how can we find that balance, maintain that balance, but also like, is the work that I'm taking on something that can challenge me, that I can grow from, that I haven't done before that I'm learning from, that I'm giving like to the character in the same way that it's maybe gonna teach me or feed me.


I don't know. And Maybe, maybe success is the experience of creating and not the result of Right. Totally. Maybe it's like, I don't think so. Yeah. I mean, it's probably true with anybody on the planet, no matter what industry or occupation they're in. If you can maintain happiness each day. 'cause it's such a, it's such a slippery thing, right? Yeah. JB But we, JB we talk about it all the time, which is this notion of, I look, we have the benefit, I I'm gonna say benefit of being a lot older than you are. And I think that for me in the last couple years has been really eyeopening in the sense that I, first of all, I, I don't measure my, my personal success is not a reflection of what I do professionally.


So how I feel Right. Is not a reflection of what I do. Right. I've really been able to separate those things up. 'cause if I, I try as hard as I can to not be at the effect of circumstances. If I'm only happy, if it's sunny out, then what the fuck happens when it rains? Right. Right, right. Yeah. And I'm fucked. So I gotta figure out a way to be happy no matter what. And and those are sometimes just the smallest things and family. We all have kids, you know. So it's, it's like my relationship with my kids, my, you know, if my kids are happy, then I'm happy. All that kind of stuff. Those are the things that really come to the forefront and become important. My relationship with my friends. Yeah. Stuff you can control. So You can control, but also stuff that's really in, that's for real important, you know?


Yeah. My, my relationship with these guys is very important. Staying connected, talking about what's going on, all that kind of stuff. And everything else. When you, when you kind of right size all that other stuff, it feels so much better. I don't know if you guys agree. Yeah. But it does for me for sure. Yeah. I fully agree. Yeah. Yeah. And Ariana, I know you didn't ask for this, but you, you, you've gotten it because you are seemingly such a, a, a, a a kind and easily likable, lovable person. Not to mention your, your success, but the, the youth, what, you know, really looks up to you and follows you. And, And so how do you manage that sort of me, you know, responsibility that, that, again, you didn't, you didn't sign up for, but you've got it.


Do you, do you think about that? Like when you're writing lyrics or when you're taking on, you know, roles or does any of that factor in? No, I, I mean, yeah. I mean it's, here's the thing. I, I Probably not an effort 'cause you're just naturally sort of a decent person and they're gonna follow a good example. You know? I mean, that's very generous and kind. I just feel like it's a, it's kind of an of a, a really specific and strange thing to become a public person at like a really young age. And then to have kind of all this normal growth that happens in everyone's twenties and young teen years and whatever it is in front of an audience and in front of people who, you know, don't have to have every mistake that they've ever made, flashed in front of them and like reminded every two seconds.


It's like, it's interesting. It's like a funky thing, but, you know, all we can actually do is grow and like, be human, become more and more human. I think in the face of being dehumanized and objectified, we can just become more and more human, I guess. Well That's, that's interesting. Other, again, it sounds like there's a, some kind of international incident going outside the hotel, but Yeah. Are you, is somebody In, but they're gonna find you Ariana, but, but, but, but you bring up a, that must be interesting in a very unique situation. And, and, and, and something that's been talked about in, obviously JB was a, Jason was a performer when he Yeah. I was gonna say young and grew up, grew up in that world as well and a different way.


But S singing and dancing. Singing and dancing. His two, if you want, if you wanted Jason to die on the spot, tell me he's gonna sing and dance and he will expire in front of you. Give a toast. Well, giving a toast. Yeah. Giving a toast. But, but Ariana, to grow, to grow, to go through your twenties with that kind of scrutiny. Talk a little bit about that. I I, I, I can't imagine, I think about, you guys think about all the dumb shit you did in your, your twenties, right? And then imagine growing up in this world, the digital era where, where everything is, people got an opinion on it, it gets broadcast. I mean Yeah. People got phones to record you when you're not looking and Yeah. Must be, yeah.


It Must be really hard to get your head around it and, and get your heart around it and all of it. Yeah. I mean, I'm a very sensitive person. Mm. So I can't say it's something that I have done particularly well with. Well, that's Okay. But it's also something that I have had the help of, you know, my loved ones and therapy and time and art and just like a love for, and also like a deep sense of gratitude for what I am so privileged to be able to do. Yeah. Like that has kind of gotten me through it every time I kind of experienced that. Like, I just kind of had to disconnect, I suppose, for a little, because, you know, again, back to the cancer, people pleasing, there was always a part of me that wanted to kind of explain or do a big, you know, come talk to the world and come talk to everyone about what the truth is and whatever it is.


And I'm experiencing that, whatever, or explain things and overshare, you know, for the sake of being understood by a humongous thing of strangers. Right. And it's just a strange thing to feel at such a young age and what is the boundary there and what's a healthy relationship to it, and how do you protect yourself for the sake of being able to continue. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well j continue and just to live, just Yeah. Yeah. For what it's worth from the outside, you know, it seems like you've done a fantastic job with that. I agree. You know, I agree. God, That's So nice. And, and speaking of continuing, you know, like Sean Does not agree. No, I, Sean does not agree if No, actually you, Ariana, I has texted you a bunch of thoughts, So No, but speaking of continuing, like you, what I love about you amongst many things is your ability to surprise people with choices and things you do.


So you have, so you go from Broadway, then you go to a pop, be a pop star, and then you're an actress and then you, you know, do all of these things. But one of the, the things that was so surprising was I don't think anybody knew how unbelievably hilarious you are. Oh my God, that's so nice. And, and you're Saturday Night Live. I, we like died laughing. And your Jennifer Coolidge impression, like all of your impressions thank good, are so incredible. Thank you. How we're in the world. Nobody knew you could do that. And so it's like, if we don't know you can do that. Imagine the next a hundred things you're gonna do over the next, you know, 50 years or whatever. Yeah. That's so nice. I'm so excited. Thank you. Can you give us a little Jennifer Coolidge. Hey Jen. What? Jennifer, why weren't you, she visit with us real quick and we you, Why weren't you on the white lotus, the sequel, the white Lotus Jennifer.


They fucking killed me off. They pushed me off a goddamn boat. Oh my. It's so good, right guys? God, I didn't wanna, I didn't wanna die. Jesus Christ. But I guess I'm dead. Oh My God. That's creepy. It's close your eyes come back. So good. I love, love her. That is I love her too. Shit. That's fucking Wow. Oh my. Thank you. So Sean, that must make you want to have talent, right? I mean, just hearing her do it, you all, I Want hot dog. I can't do this. Jesus Christ, Ariana. So that, that reminds me of the whole voice thing. And like what, tell what, what is the weirdest thing you do to prep your voice when you're about to go do a concert?


Or like, are you like breathing a bunch of, like, steam? Are you gargling milk? What? Maple syrup and Honey. Oh God, never Milk what goes on. Yeah. Anything. No, no. I, well, okay, so different, different things call for different kind of routines and tools I guess. Right? This is like, I feel like, So I, I don't know, I feel like a nerd, But I, you know, if you're, if you need the extra, like you can have a little vocal box where there's like all of the lozenges and sprays and hydration things and whatever, but that's mostly if you're like fatigued or have a cough or whatever it is. I don't usually, And I don't know, usually I can jump in. But I think the thing that I do that perplexes people so much, and it's just so funny because like if you're a person who uses their voice, you know about this.


It's like, if I have a long day of press or if I have to sing, I'll place it a little higher So I it so I'll, I'll change my vocal placement to kind of preserve. But that is just kind of something that's healthy for the voice and whatever. That's something I need Because staying, staying higher gives less stress on it than than talking in a lower register. Yeah. So, oh wow. It's just like basically pitching your voice voice at a tiny bit. That's what I do. I do the same thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But it's just a, a normal thing for vocalists. Wow. But people are like, that's not her natural voice. And I'm like, well it is actually, but it's just a little higher because it's my press voice.


It's all of it is natural. And it's so funny 'cause we talked about it a zillion times and people are still like, where's your real voice? And I'm like, well, they are all, they all are. So it's just interesting. Yeah. Do you, do you sing every day? No. So I mean, casually. Yeah. Yeah. Actually know that I think about it. I'm kind of insufferable to be around 'cause I do sing all the time every day and yeah. So the answer is yes, not no. Yeah, I do the answer's, Yes. I sing in the, I sing in the shower all the time. Yeah. Do I wouldn't dare All the time. Yeah. What do you sing Sean? I sing the national anthem. Can We get a little taste of it? Yeah. Can we have that? Go ahead. Go ahead Sean. A little bit. Hey, Rock track. Hear The water. Trying to get back up. Hit The next one. I wanna hear this. That's sounded good.


Busing In It work. Right? You're welcome. Choices. I love it. So speeding proof. Wow. Wow, wow. We'll be right back.


The Force Flex Max strength bag from GLAD is about to change everything. If that sounds over the top, that's the point. The new Glad Force Flex Max Strength trash bags have a two time stronger top making this glad, strongest performing trash bag. Yet finally, a brand has figured out that it's not just the bottom of the trash bag that needs to be strong. It's the top two. And since maximizing strength means minimizing plastic waste, glads Force flex bags are 25% more durable, using less plastic than the competition. Let's celebrate being over the top. You know, when I was, when I, the bag is full, I pull it out of the trash bin and it snags on the corner of the trash bin and it rips the side of it, and then it smells, and then it's like, then your trash bin smells and then you smell, Ugh, everybody smells. Pick up the new Glad Force Flex Max Strength trash bags with a two time stronger top at your local Walmart today. It's better than all good. It's all glad.


Hey gang, Jason here. I I, I don't know how you're feeling right now, but I'm feeling real energized. You wanna know why I'm feeling energized? I started my day, yes, with coffee, but I started with Rise Mushroom Coffee. Now this stuff, it doesn't get me jittery, it just gives me that energy that I need, that need that little lift, that little hand that helps pull you up out of the bed, props you up and gets you walking one foot in front of the other. Right? Because nobody likes that jittery feeling from drinking too much regular coffee or experiencing that mid-afternoon crash. Unlike regular coffee rise, mushroom coffee helps you stay energized and focused while supporting your overall wellbeing so you can more fully embrace the day. It's, it's unique, it's powerful. Blend of six functional mushrooms that help with all day energy, sharper focus, healthy digestion, and immune support. Try it for yourself. You'll see that little mushrooms go a long way. And with over 150,005 star reviews, odds are you won't be disappointed. And hey, if your golf game gets better after drinking rice mushroom coffee, well, we can't say that's from the mushrooms, but who, who really knows, right? Try Rise Mushroom Coffee with 15% off your first order@risesuperfoods.com slash SmartLess. That's RYZE superfoods.com/ SmartLess. Don't just wake up awaken with Rise.


Whether you're looking to buy or rent your next place, you need the Redfin app. Redfin makes it fun to search all the homes and apartments in your neighborhood. And if you find a place you love, Redfin makes it easy to go see it in person. You just schedule a tour right from your app. Plus, if you're looking to sell Redfin agents know how to get you the best price possible because they close twice as many deals as other agents. And with a listing fee as low as 1%, redfin's fees are half of what others often charge. For me, it's just the pure joy of going on there and seeing what's out there. I love looking around my neighborhood to see what my neighbors are doing and what's maybe available and what's maybe not available to sometimes just to dream. And it's just the best way to do it. I, I love using the Redfin app. I gotta say it's, I'm a little bit, you know, people use the expression obsessed. I'm not obsessed 'cause that's like a clinical, but I do like doing it a lot. So whether you're looking to buy, rent or sell, download the Redfin app to get started


And back to the show. Speaking of routines, walk us through, walk us through a typical day for you. If nothing's on your plate. Yeah. You have a completely free day. Ooh. Are you one that sleeps in? Do you like to read? Are you watching dumb movies? What if you've got nothing on your plate? What's, what's the day look like? Oh, I love this. I love to, well, I, I love to wake up early. Yeah. I do. Like, if, if I need it, I feel like my body will tell me And I get like one sleep in a month. Like the whole month is relying on this one day where my body just decides that it's going to sleep and then it sleeps. Right. You know what I mean? Like a really, a really scary slumber, like, Knock, knock.


Is everyone okay? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Otherwise, you're up at the crack of ice. Yeah. Yeah. I like to get up And I like to do my steps. I like to pace on the treadmill with my little iPad And I either like, am playing a game, a virtual game, or I'm texting my team and like whatever. I'm very creative when I'm on the treadmill. Yeah. So I have ideas And I, and I'll send like crazy voice notes to Christian Breslauer, the director that I work with on all my music videos. I don't know, I always have ideas on the plane. I'll either be texting him or my stylist Mimi or my team. I'll be like, oh my God, we forgot to talk about this. I always to talk about this. Yeah. It gets my brain going. I love to get my steps done early and then I'll hang out.


I'll either like, you're laughing at me already. I haven't even said anything. I, I like to cook And I cook. What do we, what's One's the treadmill? She likes To cook on the, I like to cook on the treadmill. No, what's Your go-to? What's your go-to dish? What do you, what do you, what do you cook best? Well, I'm vegan, So I like to make, yeah, I love to, I love to roast like mushrooms of different variants. I'm out make like a vegan. I'm out pesto and make like why I hate mushrooms. I like It. I like it. So I don't eat mushrooms. I can't Eat mushrooms. Well, you're not invited. Toast. Sweet potatoes. I love to Like, what about, so then you can have pasta as a vegan, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Alright. Yes. So then you're doing the pesto with the pasta. I'm back in, I'm back In. Oh yeah. I'm Italian. So we have to, we have to have that, you know. Do you spend Any time over there in Italy? No. No. Actually I haven't been since I was on tour. And I would love to in a, in a, you know, more meaningful 'cause I get to, I have more time. Way Are because so much is required of you every day of your life in so many areas. Are you a germ freak? Are you like, I can't get sick. I can't get sick. I, I am a little bit of a germ freak. I do, I do maintain the mask stuff. Oh, you do? Yeah. I love a mask. I, I'm, I've always been a little bit of a germ person. A little bit of a like a OCD germ person.


Yeah. Not like more with mask than it is like obsessive compulsive pureing. Yeah. Yeah. But like, just kind of, I like to stay in Or like when you go in an elevator, do you take your sleeve and press the button with your sleeve? Oh, oh my God. No, I do that. That's like, it's not that far. But I also like would do that now that you mentioned it, I'm gonna start doing it tomorrow. Wait, What about bare? What about bare feet on a hotel floor? That's Jason's. I can do, I can do that. But also, oh boy. So I'm sicker than you are. I said to, I said to Jason, we were just on, we were just on vacation and he was like, of course, every time you sit down to eat with Jason. Yeah. He, he sits down, he orders and then he gets up and he leaves and he comes back and he, and he's holding his hands like he's going to surgery like a surgeon does Wash him, But he is wash him.


And then he says like, oh, did you sit there? You got your hand? And I go, do you sit? Is everybody else here? And there were like 20 of us. I go, is everybody else falling down on the ground sick? Is everybody got do do we all get infected? You might. Oh, you might today. You might. Yeah. It's scary. That is a scary thing to me with all of the travel and all of the, yeah, It's a lot. Now speaking of masks, I bet you really enjoy the anonymity of walking around with a mask. And you, you can, you can get away with it now because masks are so sort of ubiquitous, prevalent, right? Yeah. So, yeah. So are you, have you taken like a big risk with a mask lately? Like have you done like the, like gone to Disneyland murder with a, with a mask on? Yeah. Or murder because you could, because you could, you could walk into a really a, a really huge public place that you probably otherwise wouldn't be able to get through.


Wait, do You wanna know my secret? I do it all the fucking time. Really? I literally walk around for hours and hours and hours whenever I'm off. That was my next part of my schedule that I was gonna tell you. On my off day. I meander And I shop And I walk And I go And I go to the movie theater And I see movies And I wear ah, wow. Like a little hood and a cap. And I'm just like, I, I have to be able to like so Good At school or otherwise I'll fall apart. I really love it. You good for you. And then also also like, I really do enjoy meeting people. So like, you know, it's fine And I love it. Like, it's like really nice. Yeah. I met the cutest, the cutest waiter the other day. He was so sweet. And he had a little tattoo, a little sweetener tattoo. It was like made my day. No, what I love meeting people, But I So did you pull the mask down and go Hi.


A little treat? Oh, I didn't have a mask on that day. Oh, oh, oh wow. But I, but no, he was just like, but I do love. But do you give people that treat like you're in his store and like, and you're like, they're helping you. You're like, oh, this person's cute, and pull the mask down, give 'em a little treat. Like look who it is. And They're like, oh my God. Well, first of all, I don't always have a mask on. I, I just mean like, if I'm like, you know, meandering around Broadway. Yeah, Yeah. It's the best. I'm here now and, and, and, And I was walking around And I went and got coffee and they asked me to put a mask on. Oh yeah. Yeah. They said cover it. They said, we don't wanna see you. You're so silly. It's So true. It's alright. So then what's, what's, what's next on the dream board for acting? Wait, I never got to tell you my thing about the masks. I promise Jason And I said when I said, but this was the, But I, I've always loved masks.


I think they're so cute. And like I, I used to sell them as merch on my tour with like a little moon on them. No way. Because it was like a cute thing that me and my fans like always wore. And it was like a cute thing and it was like a fashion thing and we liked it. That's cool. And then when the pandemic happened, all of my fans were like, we are prepared. We have plenty of these. We Have Moon masks. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Thank you. Sorry. That was what I was say. No, I love that. Good. I love that. Next, next up is an acting thing or a music thing. What do you think? Hmm. I Or can you, can you talk about it yet? I Would love to, I Would love to continue acting. That's my, that is my, I feel so connected to it. I really would love to find the right thing that challenges me in a new way.


I love it so much. I think it's, I love it for different reasons than music. I mean, it's just so nice to kind of take a break from playing yourself. Yeah. Right. Like a, a car characterized version of yourself that isn't really yourself, but it kind of is. 'cause parts of it are in the songs. Sure. So. Right. It's just a confusing little thing. And I think what a like, cool thing it is to find characters that you can kind of jump into and Right. Which, which are other parts of yourself that they are the outer reaches. Yeah. Yeah. I suppose, I mean, you can heal little parts of yourself through them and with them and for them that you didn't know needed to be looked at. 'cause when you're, you know, finding commonality, it's, Yeah.


And comedy versus drama. Do, do you lean one way or the other, do you think? I Love both. I think, yeah. You know, Glinda had a, the, the biggest gift of Glinda is that there's a little bit of both, you know? Yeah. Especially we with, you know, part two. There's, you get to see more of her and get to know more of her and she goes through a little bit more. But, you know, it's, I, the combination is really special. I think I love roles that have room for all of it. Right. And that's what's I love so much about her is that the comedy plays so well because it's just truth. And underneath it is a very real person with very real insecurities and fears and things and it's, it just gets to live there.


So I hopefully both and if I'm lucky both in one, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I think it's Sean, you've al you i i, I have always thought that you should try comedy because, You know what I mean? Truly. Yeah. Give it a shot buddy. Yeah, You should. I'm gonna really, well, you know what? Thank you for the push. Thank you for the push. You Take an improv class or something just to sort of see, that would Be a really good exercise for you. Actually there. Well, should we do one now? Gimme a place. Yeah, let's do one now. Gimme a place. And What about, what about what about the what, what about the music videos? Should I just, I'm sorry, go ahead. Alright, Adam, do you love getting involved with the music videos and, and the whole design of them and the concept of them and the shooting of it and all that?


Or, or or No. Yeah. I love the Asan one. Oh my god, it's so good. Oh, thank you. I love that. Thank you. I, yeah, I really feel like I found my, like, my like lifelong music video collaborator in Christian Breza who I just started working with for the Eternal Sunshine era. He did? Yes. And he did. We can't be friends. He did the Boys Mind, he did all of those things. Yeah. And not that you have any idea what those are, but, but love, you know, I, but I just plan on continuing with him Yeah. Forever, you know, when there's something to do, it will be with him. I love him and I love it. It's so collaborative. We speak the same language. We love all the same references. Like we just kind of, were destined to meet, you know, when you meet like a creative person and you're like, where have you been my whole life?


Yeah. Right. And it's just kind of this cosmic collision. But Like, so when you're in the recording studio, and let's say you're, let's say you're not in the recording area, whatever that's called, but you're back where the, where the, where the board is with all the slidey things on it. Do you love sitting there and playing with those buttons? The slidey Things? Yeah. I, I'm dying Or do you like being on, or do you like being on a movie set and like talking about lenses and or, or the, the light, the shiny stuff. Do you, do you like both of those? Those workplace, this is really crazy evenly holy fuck. Yes. I mean, well, I have different relationships to them both because I feel like with acting, I'd love to just kind of be the character and go away.


Yeah. And not have, like, I don't wanna know what the playback looks like. Sure. I don't wanna know or be aware of what my face is doing or my body's doing. I just want it to happen. And then hopefully it'll make sense later. Right. Which is a huge risk. Yeah. I realize in saying that. But also, you know, I just don't wanna be aware of it because I just wanna be honest. And then if I'm judging what I look like or my whatever, sure. I won't have the ability to just be a character. Good for you. And that's my own thing in my head. But with with with vocal producing, I am like, it's my favorite thing in the world. So yes, the slid thingies really, of course. It's my, it's my number one favorite thing to do, even more so than singing is, is vocal production and Wow. Comping vocals.


And I love that staffing and vocal arranging. I'm like a huge nerd in that way. So I So what About like taking on a young performer and producing that performer and, and making he or she, you know, really sore Love, being able to vocal produce literally like, that is just a dream. Like if someone calls me and is like, I want you to record me, I absolutely have done it. Will do it. Love it. Will take that call any day. I got to actually wait, I have a fun, sorry. I got to vocal produce some of the Wicked soundtrack. I got to vocal Produce Cynthia and some of my stuff too. So that was really cool and such a treat. And to anyone who questions the live element of the vocals in Defying Gravity in that second verse, when she's going up the stairs in Def Divine Gravity, if you solo that vocal, you can hear her little boots on the stairs.


Oh wow. Wow. And Oh wow. Yeah. That's amazing. Yeah. It's so cool that they, you guys sing it live. It's crazy. Yeah. Heaven on Earth is being able to sift through a bunch of Cynthia Arrivo vocal takes, you know what I mean? Because it's not about, it's not about finding the good one. It's about finding which perfect amazing one is the choice that you, Did you hear that thing that was going around for a while? That on New Year's Eve, if you ti if you started watching the movie Yeah. There's certain times. Yeah. It's by, by midnight. She you would hit the Yes. I saw several videos of that. Yeah. Yeah. I read that Will right on the website. Yeah. I saw that too. Yeah. That came up on your feet. That was my next, I was about to and Sean cut me off and took my fucking remember what the New Year's, because I I, And I was like, right.


It, it was like, whoa. And I was like, fuck. Why'd you miss it? Why'd you missed out? You missed out. You missed out. No. Wait. So Ariana, don't why I'm remembering this, but one of the cutest greatest things you ever did, this is 10 years ago when we were around 10 years ago, we were doing Hairspray live and we were sitting there in the makeup trailer and you said to me, oh God. And you said just a little off the top. Oh God. Just a little off the, Just tease up the top a little bit more. I'm so scared. No, no. You said you turned to me and you said, Hey, there's just few of us going over to my house after later on tonight, we're gonna get totally wasted and and sleep over. Wait. And then sleep over. And in the morning my mom's gonna make us pancakes. And I did I say that? Yes. And that was so sweet. You invited me.


It's crazy. And I turned to you And I go, Ariana, you said? Yeah. I go, I'm 45 years old. That is Absolutely, that is so sweet though. It was so sweet. You Said I'm 45 years old though. I'll see you for the pancakes. Oh yes. I can't believe that that's how I Would have ever said anything. Ever. And I actually do remember that cast party that was like so funny. And I remember like, yeah, can You believe that was almost 10 years ago? Isn't that wild? It was a long time ago. And, And I just wanted to bring up that your boyfriend is one, a very good friend of mine. Yes. Ethan. Oh, he loves you so Much. I love him too. Ethan Slater, he's one of the nicest people who'll ever meet in your life.


He did goodnight Oscar with me in Chicago. Come on. Yes. And then he was un wicked. Yeah. And, and now you guys are dating And I love that. 'cause you guys make a perfect couple. Thank He's amazing and he loves you. What part Did he play? He was the pa guy with the, you know. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, Bryan. But Ariana, next time you're on, or whenever I want to hear a horrible theater story gone wrong in 13 or some other theater show. 'cause they're my favorite stories. I have a thousand of them. I have some. Yeah. Tell me one. We've got Time for one. We got two, we're gonna let you go. Yeah, no, that's totally fine. You've incredible. I realize you all probably have like a heart out of like right now. No, no, no. You, You out. I feel like I'm having, I'm having tea with the Dames and I'm in heaven.


No, no, no, it's yours. But no tea with the Dames. So I was, so my, my best friend, Aaron Simon Gross, who I actually grew up in Boca with, and he And I auditioned for 13 on the same day together. And we both got cast, which is like never happens crazy. He was playing Archie and he, which was the character in the show, and he was, he has these spontaneous nosebleeds uhoh that are just really, I used to have those. Cool. Yeah. But it's, but it's like, it's the kind from like a scary movie. It's like not, it's not good. The Geyser. Oh wow. Yeah. Yeah. It's really, it's aggressive and it's not the kind of thing that is like aggressive nose. Yeah. You know, when you see something and it takes you out of body for a second.


Yeah. Because you're like, not supposed to be happening at all. Right. So he's in the wings waiting for his entrance. And we used to have this cute moment in the opening number where I was on stage And I be like, I Would sing one of the lines into the wings, so we would like lock eyes and have a cute little moment and like, hi. And then go back to the choreography. And I, one day it was because it was right before his entrance, so I'm like, okay, 13. And I like look over to lock eyes with Aaron and do the choreography his way. And then I turn back And I see him covered in blood. Just covered in blood. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. And I was like, oh my God. And he had to enter and go get through his entire first scene. Was he aware that he was bleeding? Yeah, he was looking at me like he was, had no, like, had no idea what to do.


And also his character, he was using crutches in the roll and he couldn't wipe himself. And Did the audience gasp? Yeah. They were like, and then when they realized it wasn't a part of the plot at all, that this just like blood covered man was entering and then he was singing and he's like singing. He's, there's the cool kids, there's, and he's like singing his first number spitting blood onto, oh my god. Graham Phillips, who's playing the lead. It was just like the craziest thing and it never ended. That's A good one. Did you try to help him out? There was nothing to how Yeah. Yeah. Just how, when I Keep your distance right. Kidding. I had to exit One time. One time. I was at the end of promises Promises.


Thank you. We, I Would, yeah, We usually, we. No, we'll create space and put the applause in there. We were coming out, me and Chris and Chenowith were coming out for our bows and we would do the same thing. We'd be in the wings from opposite sides of the stage and lock eyes before we'd come out and meet at the middle to come downstage for our bow. And one night I at the audience is clapping, everybody's taking their bows and where I'm supposed to see her, she's on the ground, passed out with her feet under the curtain, like the wicked witch of the west. No. On the house. Yes. And I was like, oh my God, what? So I took my bow by myself. People were like, what happened to the audience? Like, where's she, did she fainted? No way. Oh No. You know what the thing is, this just reminded me, this is true story. On Sunday, I was shooting this thing in California and we were at lunch and there were a bunch of us sitting around in, in the, in the, in the trailer.


And this girl works in costumes, all of a sudden comes outta the bathroom and she's going like, like waving her finger. And my, and Eli goes, you can't talk. She goes and she goes back And I go, you came. And she goes, oh, And I've never done it before And I jumped up. No way. And I put my arms around her And I had three times and she barfed on my hands and she, oh my God. Okay. And I got it out. Oh my God. I've never done it before, but I, it just, I was like, I think this is what you, if you see Something, you have to do it like aggressively or did you like Yeah, because you gotta get it out of there. Well, I Guess we can't count on Eli. He just was like, oh. And he just hid it. Well he, and then when I grabbed her out, the paramedic and the paramedic came in and she was like, I'm fine now.


And I'm like, covered and threw up. I'm like, that is, she's fine. She Was choking. She was choking. Yeah. Oh My God. Well that's, oh My God. It was pretty wild. I've never, I don't even know if I was really doing it right. It worked, but I didn't know what I was doing And I thought like, oh shit, I should learn How to do proper. Yeah, you need to learn that and learn CPR and c that's really scary. And I've been asking people in the street here if they wanna do practice CPR and all these dudes are like, no. And whatever. Anyway, Can I get your number? I'll try later. I Love you. Try later. Come Man time, man. Scottie. But isn't that crazy? That Is, yeah. That's question. Didn't include that in coffee chat at the top of the episode. I I, I forgot about it until we were just talking about crazy things And I was like, oh yeah, this just happened three days ago.


Well, on that note, Ariana, I hope, we hope you don't choke. Yeah man. Thanks for being on. Thank. Holy fuck. Thank you. So having me Ful you're a life. I hope I don't ever have to save your life, I guess is my Point. Oh my goodness. Well, We'll see you in six months in London. Yes. Continued. Great luck. You are the best. Thank you for having me. Yes. Thank you for saying yes to this. Thank, enjoy the rest of your day. Thanks. Continued success. I love you all. Thank you. Yes. And love and love to Ethan too. Please. I will. Love you guys. Bye. Thank You so much. Bye bye-Bye bye. That was Ariana Grande. The Ariana Grande. Awesome. Pure delight. She's great. Yeah. She's so funny, man. You know, that's what I said. What talent man? People don't know. She's fun. How funny she is. Yeah, she's funny.


She's like, how, I mean they do now. 'cause Glenda was really funny Role. I can't wait for people to discover how funny you are. If you take that improv class and you get yourself an agent, I bet you get a guest spot or two or three. Thanks. And then people are gonna say, Hey, Well, at the very least I think you'll get an agent. Yeah. Can You? Which I think will be fun. Hey guys, do you ever get this when you were younger? Can you hook me up with your agent? Right? Yeah. Can you get me? Yeah, yeah. No, But yeah, I Would love to see her do tons more acting. Yeah. I think that's what's gonna happen. I think she's gonna do a straight acting gig. We'll be next. Yep. For sure. Is my predict. Yep. Yep. And I she's gonna kill it and She's just starting right? She's 30, 31, something like that. Yeah. It's kind of amazing With all of that success already.


Yeah. But has a great head on her shoulders clearly. And seems well-suited for all. That's a coming. Yeah. And you know what, a music a great musical. Yeah. Oh, hang on a Second, Sean. Oh yeah. Hang on Sean, we're not done yet. You Wanna cut in with something because fuck you're, you're ready to get on it. And to get on the bike. He's got a, He's got a great one. I just thought maybe like know, You know, if there's, have you ever heard the expression, like smell the roses or just fucking just exist and not act out in the moment to get stuff done as quickly as possible? I thought that you were saying Buy thought do. Yeah. Yeah. Shut the hell up. No, I'm teaching you a lesson. Thank you, Sean. What do you got? I was gonna, I was gonna say what Here he comes a musical that I'd really like to see her and you know our a bye bye Birdie.


Yes, motherfucker. Sorry, I meant to say bye Bye. Birdie Byebye. There's something about your face and hopefully we're still recording. There's something about your face when you go. Yeah. And I'm like, okay, Here we go. Smart. Less smart less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm. JF Bennett Barco and Michael Grander, Smart Less.


Hello friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Imagine what's possible when learning doesn't get in the way of life At Capella University, our game changing, FlexPath learning format lets you set your own deadline so you can learn at a time and pace that works for you. It's an education you can tailor to your schedule. That means you don't have to put your life on hold to pursue your professional goals. Instead, enjoy learning your way and earn your degree without missing a beat. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.


The Ghost Pepper has a reputation, so does a ghost pepper wing that doesn't send you into tears. Make any sense? It does to us. That's why Popeye's Ghost Pepper wings are the perfect balance of flavor and fire. Popeye starts with intensely craveable flavor, adds the right amount of kick to keep things interesting, not Inferno wing, and then offers them at only 5 99 for six pieces. Because in New Orleans we like to taste our food, not cry over it. Call us crazy. Love that chicken from pop. Limited time at participating us restaurants. Price may vary. Additional terms supply.