
Hey SmartLess listeners. It's Sean Hayes with some exciting news. One of our SmartLess media shows is Back with a brand new host. I'm talking about the one and only bad dates. And for season two, it's hosted by the hilarious Joel Kim Booster. You might know Joel from Apple TV's Loot, Hulu's Fire Island, his Netflix comedy special, or his very revealing guest role on HBO's industry. This season, he'll be your guide through all of the iconic and painfully true bad date stories that his guests reveal with all the gory details you loved in season one. And we'll still hear real letters and voice messages from listeners sharing their own worst dates. Plus, Joel will weigh in about his own lengthy and bizarre time in the dating trenches. We love the show because everybody has had them. Everybody can relate to them and now it's time to laugh at them.


On season two of Bad Dates with your new host, Joel Kim Booster, check out this clip from the show and follow bad dates wherever you get your podcasts. Bad dates, and now the very funny Justin Martindale. So it was a nice summer evening. This was probably about like almost, I wanna say 10 years ago. Oh, wow. And a child. You were a baby? No, I'll say like seven. I still am. So I went to the show, it was a show here in La And. I met this guy and the lighting was just good. And I was very inebriated. And we were talking, we kind of hit it off.


We started making out, but, and then we exchanged numbers and he was living in New York. I was in la so we were like, we're gonna just do this bicoastal long distance fantasy and one day if Destiny allows us, we will meet up again. Right. Wow. We started talking regularly on the phone, and this was kind of before FaceTime kind of took off. So we were just like talking and flirting and you know, he started talking about like, so when are you gonna come to New York? And we'll I'll, I'll make this like great weekend for us. And I'm like, okay, sure, yeah, let's make it happen. So finally, I wanna say like November, maybe like a couple days before Thanksgiving, I got a flight, went out to New York and I'm waiting at the airport for him to pick me up.


He shows up and I'm like, I don't know this person. Like, he didn't look like the guy that I had seen that night. Of course it was blurry and shadowy, but I was like, oh, And New York can do a lot of damage to your In a month. Yeah. A couple two months. Yeah a couple months in New York, A couple months can change people. Yeah. He was just like, not the, the the person that I remember. Do You think you got Twin Switch, do you think? Oh, I never thought about that Parent trapped Oh. my God. Yes. Seriously. A twin Catfish. Yeah. So we go into his apartment, And I am looking at his place and I'm like, oh, this is really weird.


He had like a trench coat. That was nailed to the wall and I was like, what is that? And he was like, well I love musical theater. And I'm like, shit, like immediately. 'cause I I'm not like a big musical theater gay. Like that's A logical response. Yeah Yeah. What, What musical is that referencing? That Yeah nailed The wall. I'm so glad you asked because he had stolen Leah Michelle's trench coat when she was eing and Les mis Oh my God, Well he just shot up in my estimation, I gotta say, Nailed it to his wall. Like it wasn't even in a frame, it was just a trench coat crucified to the wall.


So I'm like, oh, okay. And he had like a whole bunch of like other little Broadway knickknacks and everything. He didn't have time. I was time to steal A frame. What was the Steal A frame. Like do some like what? It looks weird. We hadn't made any moves on each other. We hadn't even like kissed. It was just very, very, very awkward. Yeah. And then finally he's like, I have a surprise for you Oh, my God, I got us tickets to go see Wicked and So. I had never seen Wicked I was like, okay, cool. This is a Broadway show. Fine. He got us like orchestra seats. They were really good seats. And. he said, I need you to be the lookout. You have to stand near the door. Yeah, I have to watch Alpha Bus so you don't steal her hat.


Right? Yeah. This story is also very boil the frog. Like you're, you're like, so like, okay, alright. Yeah, I didn't want, I didn't wanna be a bad sport, you know? I'm like, I don't wanna seem like I'm not grateful. I Was like, well you flew across the country and I'm assuming Coach just Probably Yes, I did. Yeah. You Weren't in Delta one back then, so No, not, not then. Yeah. You know, middle Seat back row, like By the toilet. So we end up going to see Wicked and I'd never seen Wicked. And it sh starts out and it's all grand and everything. And then I realized like I'm hearing something that's not part of the show. And so I'm, I look over and he is belting every song like he is in the show, like every song.


And I'm mortified. I'm sitting there and I'm like, shut the fuck. Up to the point where one of the flying monkeys in one of the numbers looks at us and hushes us. I have never been hushed To be hushed by a flying monkey by Chi history. Hushed by a flying monkey, which is not a CBS sitcom. Yeah. The Flying Monkeys looking at you like, be more civilized please. Seriously Returns just screeching jumping around. And he, he, I'm like, you have to shut up. And he is like, okay. Sorry, sorry. I just, it's like my favorite musical. I've seen it like 800 times and, and I'm like, okay, well I've never seen it. So I So I head. Like, Does he sing every time or is it for you?


Do you know what I mean? Yeah. That's Impress. I have no idea. He was just like, was it For you or was he hoping a casting director was in the audience? And Probably, probably, probably so. Probably so we went and saw Bring It On as well. And I Don't remember that musical. It was so bad. It was just, I couldn't do it. Wow. But the same thing. And he was just like, you know, curtain Call came out and he was like, Natalie, Natalie. Oh, Natalie. Yes. And I'm just like, I've Been sending you The packages, I've been sending you packages, Natalie. He's like, girl, you nailed it girl. And I. Like, Natalie's not even like looking like it was just, it was awful. And That was That was it? And did you ever hear from this man again?


No, I didn't. But I mean, can I, can I get a little dark? Oh boy, please. Oh no, he, he died. Ah, you tell us that after we've been riffing on him making fun of him. This I Like, I got like a memory on Facebook and I was like Oh. yeah. That guy And I clicked and it was like, this is like an immor like account now. And I was like, oh no. But I will say because I knew him, I have been changed for good. Ah. So wow. Fuck you. Fuck you. Do you know if he died doing what? He loved stealing Broadway memorabilia. Let's So I.


Don't. I wonder who got the Liam Michelle Trench. Yeah, I Know right. Is who got that in the estate sale. He Probably was trying to sneak backstage and get something from Funny Girl and Liam Michel stand her ground laws shock. Yeah. Yeah. I know. This Is so dark. We have to stop. She, You can hear the rest of this episode by listening to bad Dates wherever you get your podcast.