
Hey, what's going on? It's Bill Burr, And I am in the waiting room waiting for the, the three gentlemen, we'll call them of the Smart List podcast. It's funny, they told me to be here by 8 45, even though the podcast starts at nine 30. So sort of a point of contention already, but this is the SmartLess podcast. Here we go. Smart, Smart. Here's the nice, you guys appreciate this. I decided I'm gonna go to, I was hanging with our buddy and at his house over in the West Village, and then our other buddy, Chris Henchey showed up and we were chitchatting.


And Chris Henchey is always good for a million laughs. And I said, I'm gonna go to Cafe Clooney for lunch solo. And he goes, oh, you gotta have the buffalo chicken dumplings. I go, whatever. He's like, they're dumplings, but they're in Buffalo chicken sauce. I go, EY, it's not part of my freaking diet. He's like, oh, my buddy runs up. And I say, go. Yeah. I, I thanks, man. But you know, this is a temple, as JB would say. Yeah. So I walk over there, Body's no fluke, No fluke. And I walk over there beautiful noon on a Monday, snow, just like heavy snow, starting beautiful, tucked into a corner. I order a salad and a little bit of chicken with some veggies. That's it. And the waitress comes over, plunks down some buffalo chicken dumplings. And I'm like, I text. And I'm like, you motherfucker.


Well, he called ahead and He called it In. He called it my buddy sitting in the corner, can you deliver soda? Oh, that's funny. And they were Did you have them? Yeah, I had, I had two. They were delicious. They looked like they had a lot of sodium in them. Do they? No, no, no. Do they? Oh, they, no, They don't. You look beautiful. Am I looking PI wanted to tell you about Ricky. What happened to Ricky. This is pretty wild Vets. No, My Dog. You got another special Wait, Do you lose a number? Is he bringing the office back? What's happening? I love that. We always go to you for our Ricky Vets news. You're always up on what Ricky's up to? Yeah. Well, I like to keep up on it.


No, he, Tracy Ricky is your brother's dog. Yeah, She knows that. So he was being watched by this friend of ours who watches a lot of dogs or whatever, and one of the dogs that this person was watching has to take Prozac, right? Oh, sure. Of course. Los Angeles dog, California. So Lots of problems in the world, but California dogs need antidepressants. It's pretty stressful. It drops from 68 to 72 without any warning. You can bail out now if you want, by the way. No, no. If you feel okay, you're in deep. No, I'm Almost, yeah, you're, you're, you're waist deep. I'm, so, she, she gives the dog his one Prozac as she puts the bottle on the counter and Ricky jumps up, knocks it over and eats 10 of them.


10 Prozac. I'm not kidding. And so we, it's such a long story, but we had to take him to the vet and blah, blah, blah. And they pun they had to like, make him throw up or whatever. And I'm talking to the vet and I'm like, what's the deal? And he's like, well, there's 50 50 chance. I'm like, that he is gonna die. He goes, yeah. Like, so matter of fact. And I was like, I kind of appreciated that he said it so cavalier, but I was also like, bedside manner was really bad. Anyway, and then the story is he's all good, but I, I, I said to, I said to Sean, I said, I thought he was gonna say that Ricky ate 10 Prozac and, and joined up with people, you know, like just got real positive and started touring the world. Just bringing joy to everybody, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. All right, so let's get to the guest. Okay. My guest today is a fellow podcaster. He's one of the funniest people alive, a Boston native. He's a passionate Patriots fan. He's one of the few comedians to sell at Square Garden, London's Royal Albert Hall. And two years ago, he made history as the first comedian Bill Burr to ever perform at Fenway Park. Our listeners have seen him in one of his 8 billion brilliant comedy specials or live tours. But did, will get it, Did, will get, what Did I say? Bill Burr. He said Bill Burr, I don't know, maybe. And he is been on my smart list guest list for years. It's hilarious. Bill Burr. What? Alright, it's Bill Burr. Hey, What's up guys? Hey.


So sorry about the delay. We've been having all this tech issues. So I enjoy, I wasn just enjoying the podcast. You about dogs with Prozac. I mean, that's, how would you know the dog is depressed? I mean, it doesn't, I know. Like, what did I Know? Did it talk to you about, what was it? Was it the way it played with the ball? Well, I wasn't watching the one that needed it, but I I I imagine the same thing. Like how do you, oh, You needed Prozac and the dog ate it, You know, a different dog at the, no, a d Different dog had a dog. Prozac. You were listening to A d different podcast Bill, I think. Right? Hey, hey. I Would, this is what I Would think. Sounds to me like you got upsold by that vet. It Does. It does, it does. From from milk bones to fucking frozen.


I Would, I Would venture to say that there are, you know, in the same way that they say that people look like they dogs, I bet you it's a little bit of sort of projection from the owner. Like, my dog needs Prozac. Like, Does your dog need Prozac or do you, Do you or does Scotty? Ooh, yeah. Now I know. Just hold on a second here. This is a huge booking. I know. You know. Yeah. Phil, you know, bill, bill bur you don't, you don't need to do this shit. What, what do you I know. Does, does Sean Have some Well, me, when you kept losing your internet, I was thinking about that. I was like, how is this helping me? No, it did, it did help my relationship. I got outta the house, which gives my wife, you know, a break from me, which is always nice.


Do You find that, I find that my relationship is, is better when I'm working outta town. Yeah. When I'm not there. Yeah. We get along great. It's when I'm home. Yeah. And then do you feel, do you feel stressed to pick up the phone every night and talk, well, what did you do today? Here's what I did today. Or do you, are you comfortable going a couple of days without talking if there's not really something to really discuss? No, I, I don't do that now, but I just, I just try to make her laugh. So I just call up and just be a goofball. Lighten up the mood. You know? Your Humor still works for her. Yeah, it actually does. My wife has a great sense, sense humor. Sense of humor. She's actually, believe it or not, I think she's funnier than a lot of comedians. I know. Like, she's like hilarious. So, well, that's Not hard. Yeah. Sam, Scotty.


Yeah. That's not hard. But, but let me ask you this. And Jason, you was very revealing the way you answered that question. Like, do you feel the pressure to call every night? That seems like, do you want to elaborate on that? Yeah. Wait, let me snort a Prozac. It's, well, yeah, I mean, we're, you know, we're, what are, we, we're 25 years into this thing and, you know, and, and the kids don't want to talk to me. And so it really just leaves the wife. And if I don't have something that is really pressing to, to share, then, you know, yeah. Sometimes we'll just be on the phone. We'll just hang there. And then we feel the, the stress of having to come up with some shit to say and then, you know, and then, so no.


Yeah. No, it, we don't, we don't really call unless there's, there's a hot topic or a hot take. So it's basically, it's sort of a business relationship at this point. Yes. You know? Yeah. We'll set up a zoom, right? Yeah. I talked to her assistant. She says she's got something pressing and can I make some time between three and four? No, I love talking to my wife. She's, she's hilarious. So, yeah. Good for you. Wait, do you guys have, do you have kids? Wait, Jason, hang on one more time. And Jason, there's still room for you to go. I love my wife too, And I like, and we'll edit it. We'll, we'll close The gap. Did you not? Oh, I must have cut out again. I, I said that pretty emphatically. I believed it. I heard it on my Lover so much.


Bill, I, So I knew it was you when Sean did the intro in the, in the Blind intro, because I knew that you'd sold out Madison Square Garden And I knew that you'd sold outro Royal Albert Hall, because I saw you at Royal Albert Hall on one of your shows there, if you remember a few years back. Fucking unbelievable. Yeah. And very honestly, it was really impressive. And you know, bill, I'm, I'm not gonna go crazy, but you know that I'm a fan and, And I have been for a long time. Why, why would you know that you write him letters? Well, you know, is that we know each other a little bit and Oh, And I, I went to see him and it was unbelievable. Sold out Royal. It was so impressive. And it was so, it was so awesome. No, I didn't come here for this. I Know you didn't, but I wanna say this And I don't, I'm not gonna sit here and get complimented for fucking Hour.


Well, it's also, it's also rare. It's also Don't point it, It's always I'll do whatever the fuck I want. You're a Bruins fan. I'll treat you like one. Maple Leafs. Maple Leafs knocked the crap out the Bruins last night. Was it? Yeah, Lord. It was six four. Well, this is their time of year, You know. Fuck You January. I mean, they don't fuck It. They Crush us. We were off to good set. Also, the first three games of a seven game series. You do not want any part of the Toronto maple leaf. So last four though. Nothing But smooth sailing. Jesus fucking Christ. First of all. Don't laugh, Sean. You know what the hell's going on? I don't. But I, but I figured it out.


Yeah, It's a little bit true. And, and you know, I, I love Paul. I have a, a little Bit true. It's, it's, it's been 50, not closers, seven years. Yeah. It has been 57 years. But we're building 'cause we like drama. Okay. We could be like you guys and be a, you know, fucking one and done. You guys haven't won since you won back in 2008 or whatever it was. No, 2011. Yeah. 11 this century. Last decade. Fine. You haven't won since Lyndon Johnson. Yeah. You have. You haven't one since before we faked a lunar landing. It's been a while. I knew it. I I forgot that. You're also a conspiracy theorist. I forgot.


Like an artist. And they were still playing with straight sticks. They didn't have the, Stan Makita hadn't figured it out yet. It's True. Great sticks. Now, did you ever Play, didn't have a mask, Did you, Did you play old Curly Johnson Between the Pipes tonight and a young Will Anette. Alright, let's get off. Sorry. Let's, Sean, first Question for your guest. I have, I have a ton. Well, don't know you Bill, like, for, first of all, just a comment. It's not a, it's not a thing. No. I saw you the first time I think I ever met you was at Ted CES's house sometime last year at this comedy dinner thing. And I was, you were so, you were one of the good guys. Yeah. The medieval manner. Yeah.


It's a total medieval manner. Yeah. And I always feel like when I go there, at some point, all our AI replacements are gonna come up out of the basement For Approval and kill their human, human versions. Like ai, Dave Chappelle's gonna come up. Gotcha, bitch. Well, for my sister Tracy, Ted Crans was the head of Netflix. But anyway, so we were there and I'd never met you before. And the first thing you said was, I had something in my teeth. I had a piece of food in my teeth And I didn't even say anything. And I handed you, I think like a sugar packet and you just went right in there, stuck your finger in my mouth and you just got it out and you were like, I was like, oh, this guy's, this guy's really cool.


Solid. I wasn't gonna let you walk around looking like that. Nice man. I know because everyone was talking about you at that point, Sean, You'd had enough. Yeah, for sure. Somebody had, I wanted to be on the right side of history, you know, guys, I've been out here in LA long enough And I just felt like, you know, I needed to tap into my inner hero. How long have you been out? How long have you been in Los Angeles? Since 2007. Oh, I didn't know you lived here. Yeah. And I love it out here. I love it out here. And I, I, I like reading native natives of Los Angeles because they love Los Angeles and they know the history of it. And I just can't meet another stupid fucking New Yorker that is bitching about how much they fucking hate it.


And everybody's so real in New York. Like nobody lies on Wall Street. Everybody's just, you know, contractor says it's gonna take two weeks in New York. Right. You've done in 13 days. It's so fucking stupid. Yeah. And then they're, and then the worst traveled people ever. New Yorkers, they get so freaked out. Like they go to Hong Kong and be, let me get a bacon, egg and cheese. And then they couldn't get it. This fucking place sucks. Yeah. What's the point of traveling if everything's gonna be different? I love, I, bill, I'm so with you. I'm glad you're banging this drum. They come out here, dude. They give up on their dream and to make it in this business. 'cause they don't like the pizza. Yeah, exactly.


And then they go, and then they go in New York, we get to walk around everywhere. I'm like, fucking then get outta your car and walk around. I'm not stopping you from fucking walking around. Shut fuck up. And also You go to New York, homesick. They're homesick. They're pussies. They pussies. And they, they act like they're tough because they are tough people in New York, but not you, you're an actor. You're doing A soliloquy. All right, let's not act like you grew up in Brownsville with Mike Tyson. You did it. And they're stand, they're standing outside shivering like crazy, saying, isn't New York great? Is New York great. La la sucks. That drives me up the wall about New Yorkers. They think that Frank Sinatra song, New York, New York is about them. It's not about growing up in New York with the support system. It's about not knowing anybody there and moving there.


Right? Yeah, it's true. It's Not, it's not growing up. And you got your mother here, your dad over there, and you get to go home. Like show business was mean to me today. And they rubbed your fucking head. It's about going there. You don't know anybody like Frank, Frank Sinatra was Bridging Tunnel. Yeah, yeah. Came in from New Jersey and then he had hits and then they fucking claimed him. Yeah. Steinbrenner was from fucking Cleveland, Ohio. I'm telling you, a lot of the shit that happens in there is is from other people. It's the rest of them. Bill, you ever think about getting a car with like a loudspeaker on the top and driving downtown? That would be good for You. I don't have to, I do standup And I just No, but this might be more, more of the people. Like you could just give it to people on the street. Hey, yo, yo, you fucking mis you take the fucking Yankees hat off.


You ever, ever do a Yankees game in 12 years? You know What I mean? That's a big mis misnomer. Am I using that right? That people think that I walk around doing that shit? I don't. Yeah. I only do it when it's done to me. So I've had, I've had, like I lived in New York City during the height of the stupid Curse of the babe thing. Right. Which was just all, was all bullshit. What's That? What's that? It was, it was this fairy tale that white people made up because we didn't wanna admit that the Red Sox didn't integrate to like 1992. And that's why we couldn't win. Okay. Okay. 'cause we traded some fat fuck, like during World War I. And that's, and if you do that, all of a sudden you're not, I mean, at some point, when are you gonna take responsibility that you had an all white team right through the middle, mid, mid sixties.


Yeah. Right. Oh my God. Wait, but that, I, I'm gonna, I might wanna talk about something that you're probably so sick of talking about, but I didn't know this until I watched it just recently. The Philly incident thing. So if you don't want to talk about it, we don't have to talk about it, but I I was I don about it. Fill me in. Okay. Okay. So she told me she was of age Fucking, That's all I need. Thank you. Oh, Not that one. Not that one. No, No, no, no. Not for here. Not for here, here. No, no, no, no. This is funny. So Jay, he, he was in Philadelphia and he was doing standup, and right away he got a heckler that booed him. And it goes and he hits back, he doubles down and then triples down and pushes the, I watched the whole thing. I couldn't, I, I couldn't stop laughing.


It was so fucking funny how you turned on the audience so hard and for so long. Wait. I, and he was counting the minutes long. And by the way, you ended that whole rant in Philly with all of you go fuck yourselves in your own assholes. Well, I wanted to make sure it was consensual. I've gotta see this. This is on YouTube. You, it's 14 minutes of him nonstop berating the audience. And I was crying, laughing because of One heckler got after you. No, Well, no. The guy kept going and going then. No, It was, it was this radio show, the op and Anthony show. One of the big breaks I had in my career, Opie Anthony. And, and Jimmy Norton got me on that show, and that's when I first started selling tickets.


So they had a bunch of comics on there, the late great Patrice O'Neal, Voss, Bobby Kelly, all of these guys. And they decided to do a standup tour. And it was, you know, sort of a Howard Stern style show. So he knew it was gonna be a hostile crowd. So we were doing this tour and we kind of knew the Philly show was coming. We just didn't know which city it was gonna be. We knew it was gonna happen. So it was, we showed up, I forget where it was. It was right across Camden, New Jersey. It was a long time ago. And they, the, the fucking Philly people, they were like tailgating. They had like, I Eagles jerseys on throwing footballs. It was fucking wild. It looked like it was either gonna be a football game or a metal show. So The first guy went up and got booed.


Oh God, it was so bad. The sun was still out. And he was from Philly. He, god, he had half his family there. It was so fucking bad. They were all chanting asshole, Asshole. And I remember he didn't know what to do. He was like, deer in the headlights. And as it going asshole, asshole. He just goes, thanks a lot. You guys have been great. And I, I went on like, you know, a couple hours after that and the sun had gone down and I made a few mistakes getting into it. And then they got on me and they all started booing. It's Philly, what Does a mistake, what does a mistake look like? I, I think I went out there, I was worried. So I was timid. So I was on my heel and you know, the crowd subconsciously senses that.


And then I also think I might've done, started to do a bit And I was like, wait a minute. I think they played this bit on the radio. And then I got in my head, did they already know this joke? So I was sort of like a half click behind doing the joke. Right. Yeah. And it didn't work. Yeah. And then I go, what the, I, I can't remember. I I just remember, I thought it was the end of my career, I'll be honest with you. So it was like 10,000 people booing me, but then I just started trashing their sports teams. And that's what saved Me because Yeah. And them, Well, it was because the, it was the tri-state area. So there was, there was, you know, if I made fun of the flyers, there was devils fans and Capitals fans there. So I got pockets of people Sure. Like laughing everybody. Yeah. Yeah. And this was before the, the Phillies won another World series.


So they had won like one World Series in a hundred years and Yeah. You know, and then they also did a bunch of dumb shit like, you know, put up a statue of Rocky, but not Joe Frazier. Like, they put one up of a fake white boxer, an actor. So it was, it was pretty easy. I, I've, I've never watched it. I'll be honest with you. I never watched. Oh my God. It's funny. And I funny, I remember I was riding home with Bobby Kelly, one of my great friends in this business, and he, I was just quiet. It had like a fucking headache. And it did the opposite by the way. It, like, it became viral. And like you became huge from that. Not that, not that you weren't No, but I, I didn't know how people were gonna take it on the internet. I thought they were just gonna watch it and see me getting booed. And I thought everyone was gonna make fun. You know, I, I, I, So I catastrophize. So we were driving back up whatever that that highway is, And I remember Bobby was going, he's like, dude, you just told the whole city of Philly to go fuck themselves and whatever.


And I was kind of like, dude, I, I don't wanna, I don't wanna talk about it. I don't wanna talk about it. It's gonna come out on the internet. This is gonna be a fucking disaster. And then I was also worried that like everywhere I went, they were gonna do that. Like that was gonna be my thing because I, 'cause no one knew who I was. And this was my first big viral thing. And it wasn't me doing material. It was me getting booed. And then I did, I did the, the next city on the tour And I was walking around backstage and people in the crowd saw me and they were going boo before I even went out there. Fuck. Oh geez. So I remember I was talking to those guys, going, guys, you gotta put me on early. You gotta give me a chance. And they didn't, they put me on late And I walked out and they just started booing me.


And I was just like, guys, I'm not gonna do this. Right. I'm not gonna do this. Right. And then it was funny, they, they were like hitting me up on MySpace. This is how long it was. People at Cleveland being like, dude, there could have been such a great mom in comedy and you ruined it, blah, blah. It was so funny. Like a lot of listeners of the Opio Anthony show the, the fans thought they were really educated on standup comedy to the point that they would lecture standup comedians about it. Which is fucking hilarious. I mean, I've watched some plumbering videos, but I don't think I Would ever sit there talking to a plumber going like, Hey, you know, I think I'm gonna use a different size C clamp there. So yeah, that's what I was worried about. So my next gig I had after that was the punchline. And I went from 10,000 people on the tour to just doing this perfect size comedy club that was only like 180 people.


And I was like terrified in the green room. Like that's how my brain used to think. I used to, you know, catastrophize. I don't do it anymore, but I used to be, and then this is gonna happen, this happen And I'm gonna live up home with my parents and I'm gonna watch 'em die. Right, right. I Would literally do that over a bad set. Yeah. So I went up on stage at the punchline and it was like, these were fans of my act. The Ope Anthony show wasn't in San Francisco. And then also the big thing is I could see all of them. Right? Yeah. It takes no balls to boo somebody when you're in row 40 on up, I can't see you, you know, know what I mean? Right, right, Right, right. So I could really, you know, get 'em. Yeah. We'll be right back.


Alright. Back to the show. Has there ever been a heckler that's been really good? Oh yeah. Like funny. Yeah. Or, or just bizarre. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I Would say like the, the angrier people. 'cause then it's this weird thing where you get, you have to get 'em so you maintain the audience's respect. But if you get 'em too Well, are they coming up here now? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Right, right. Oh, I had, I had a woman throw a shoe at me one time. I was, I was doing a gig in, in Spanish Harlem for this comic Smokey, who's absolutely hilarious. Remember he had this hilarious bit about a crack head trying to steal a parrot out of a, out of a pet store.


And he would have like the mic under his shirt yelling. I came in with it, I came in with it. He was fucking hilarious. Right. So it was like this weird sort of like, you know, it was, it was like a satellite room. So it wasn't a comedy club. It was almost like, you know, like when those lecture halls where the teachers weigh down and they go up like that? Yeah, yeah. So I was doing the gig, right. And I'm doing the thing, And I was like, sort of like leaning forward as I was doing this and the shoe came down 'cause I got into with this woman and it hit me like right on my inner thigh. And I immediately was gonna get mad, you know, somebody throw something on stage. But it was, and then, but then there was this tension 'cause it was an all black crowd. I'm a white dude, like, what's gonna happen? And I was able to turn it around 'cause I looked, you know, I picked up the shoe and the shoe was, oh my God, it looked like it got dragged down the street by a bus.


Right. So It was like, like really quiet in the place. I was like, you know, I was gonna get mad. But then I looked at this shoe and then they all started laughing. And I was like, And I realized this isn't about me. This is about a childhood of no hugs. I forget what it was. And all I remember was I got everyone to laugh again. It, and then she came down to the stage to get her shoe. Wow. Oh wow. Jesus. So I was like, what are we doing? We, we gonna like hug this out. We gonna hug it out. And she was cool. She came up, we gave a big hug. I gave her his shoe back. Wow. And it was so cool. Like a few weeks later I was riding the downtown six.


I was living on the Upper East Side at the time. And I ran into this woman that was at the show, and she was just like, I was at your show and that woman threw the shoe. And she goes, me and my friends are still talking about that and blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, like, once again, no one knew who I was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So those little like moments of validation of like, oh my God. Like, like they went to my show. Not only did they like it, they're talking about it like, yeah. So I Remember you. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Those are those little things along the way as you keep getting, you know, kicked in the chest that keep you going. I Wanted to, I bill, I wanted to ask this just about something that you mentioned earlier reminded me And I, 'cause I've seen you talk about it before. And I remember talking about somebody asking you if you were nervous about, fuck, I forget it, what it was, whether it was like conning Or Yes.


Is the answer, whatever it is. If you were nervous about No. Was the answer about what people, no, it was Bill Maher asking what you would, what your reaction to, what your reaction was to people online and their comments about shit that you said. And I loved what you said at the time, which was like, I don't give a fuck what a hundred people on Twitter say A bunch of fucking losers. And you kind of went off on a, a bit Of a thing. Oh yeah. About it. That is true. Yes. Right. And, and talk, talk a little bit about that because I remember you, because earlier you were saying it was early on in, in probably in social media when you did the show in the Opi and Andy show in, in Philadelphia. And then you were worried about what it was gonna do online. It'd go viral, blah blah, blah. Now you don't give a shit about what people say.


Right. Is that true? Is kinda what I'm getting at. Yeah. I just kind learned, you know, there was that weird period in standup where it started with the Me Too movement, which was amazing that it went from like, let's get rapist and sexual assaulters out of the business. And within like 18 months it became like, Hey, I don't like what you're talking about in your standup act. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Your career's over it. Got it, got it. Just got spun out control. Like, yeah. So, and then that's when people started, I Would be doing interviews and they were saying, you know, some of the statements you made last night on stage, it's like there was no statements. Yeah. Was no statements. Right, right, right, right. Yeah. And it's, and what I, I Would just always say is like, listen, you know, I'm up there joking around.


All right. If you make the decision to take what I said seriously doesn't mean that I now meant it. Right. You know what I mean? Right, right. Yeah. So you're free to do that if that's what you wanna do, you're not gonna have a good time. Right, right. You know what I mean? Like, I was in some, I was in some place recently and there was a giant river next to the theater just rushing down the thing. And I was like, you know, this is a great city to kill your wife. Just throw it in, it goes down. You know, they have no idea where she is. Just a stupid thing like that right now, if you go like, and then there's gonna be somebody and they, you know, my best friend got killed by his husband. It's like, yeah, well I didn't do it. You know, it's in every city. I'm not saying to do it. I'm being ridiculous.


Right. Right. I said that, but I have to explain comedy to you. Like why would you? Right. Why would you come here? Do Think we think, do we think that that's over Now I'm just gonna say like, yeah, Shawnee. Right. I mean it, I mean I guess It never happened. It never happens. It was in new, it was in New York and la but then as a comedian, you went out on the road. But the problem is, is all of these people that were like sort of controlling that narrative sort of sit here in New York or LA and then that with their Hands on the Buttons. Well that's their universe. Yeah. And that's why like, like my favorite thing in the world is watching these idiots on award shows lecturing people about race. Right. You know, they go up there and they gotta say something about that and homophobia, blah, blah, blah, whatever the fuck they're doing.


And you look at Hollywood, they're just now integrating like sports integrated like almost 80 fucking years ago. Right. And then now they're just getting around to giving more people opportunities. Right. And it's, you know, it's like, well that's a good point. Like, what the fuck are you, where, what fucking worlds are you gonna sit here and, and like lecture. Yeah. 'cause what? Oh, you know, black Lives Matter. You had your Instagram page all black for one day. Wow. Yeah. Way to go. Yeah. I Had to be on the right side of history. I, that's what I love about my people. And I always say my people, I hate when I, when, you know, And I was guilty that when white people say white people, it's like, no, it's us. I hate when we fucking do shit like that. And we think like that, that stupid gesture is still about us.


I had to you guys, I just had to Yeah. Use my voice to fucking Right. It's like you didn't, you didn't even leave your fucking apartment. Right. I know. And we, we didn't even get into like the, the the, like, I don't, like, I'm like, will and Jason, I'm, I'm a big fan and I've, you know, wanted you on the show for a couple years now. 'cause I just, I laugh every time I see you and I don't Anything. Were you supposed to be on, were you supposed to be on the show once and it didn't work out? We had a time. I know. We've been trying for A while. Yeah. I had a meltdown. I couldn't figure it out. So now, now I have a, I have a guy that helps me out. Okay. That's good. Alright. But so you were, you were born in Massachusetts. Your parents were doctors, right? Were your dad or your mom was a dentist? No, my, my dad was a dentist, but he's a narcissist.


So he thought he was a doctor. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I know he also Thought I had a stomach ache and it was a ruptured appendix, but that's a different Story. What did mom do? She was a nurse. Okay. My mom's a beast. My mom's a beast. C-C-R-N-I-C-U. She had all the letters. And I remember one of the funniest things ever as far as like a job becomes a job. I was dropping her off at work and we pull in, she just goes, ah, Christ, will you look at all those ambulances? And I just burst it out laughing. And she goes, I know, I know I should look at it that way. But she was like, Ah, That's great. Yeah. She's, she is, she's, I've seen her save a couple people's lives, like when they had issues.


I love that. I love That in public. She just like knows what to do. Yes. Someone was having a stroke and she immediately looked at her watch and all of that stuff and knew that this, they had this enzyme, thank God now that they can shoot in. And if they do it within it somewhat amount of time. Within the first hour. Within the first hour. What Do you mean? What do you mean? My, my, I had a family member who just had it six months ago and he got it 58 minutes after having his first symptoms of what the doctors stroke of having a stroke. And the doctor said, you're fucking lucky that you got it. And he, what's the symptoms? Well, this person, their eye was like tearing up. That's what made my mother clock it. The eye, the eye tears Up. The eye was tearing up. The person was in like a CVS or something.


They, they were trying to get some ointment for like their eye. 'cause it was like tearing up and we happened to be there. So my mother was just like, silently, like clo like a fucking, like a secret service. Like, she was just read like, okay, you know, she just knows that that could be a, a thing or whatever. And then the person couldn't talk and they just went down. It was fucking scary. Wow. Wow. And so, and everyone was like freaking out and she was just like, cool as a cucumber called the ambulance. They got there. And when they showed up, I couldn't just seeing her in action, she like knew what time it started, you know, so they knew and then they shot the enzyme in and they were, they were able to, to, to break up the clock. That's Pretty cool. Yeah. Well, so these, these are both serious people, mom and dad. What, how, how'd they feel about you taking the right turn into, into comedy?


They, no, they were totally supportive, but they're also like artists. Like my dad is a, you know, plays a bunch of different instruments, can draw you as you're sitting there. He is amazing at drawing and all of that stuff. And, and then my mother is a stealth artist because she grew up in the forties and was left-handed. And that meant you were the devil. So they made her right, right-handed. And she's actually a left-handed person. Wow. And it sort of became a theme, I think in my mother's life of like, I wanted this, but they made me do that. And she just, oh, okay. I guess that's what you do. Yeah. So she's had like this sort of funny experience with that. And then later in life she's gotten into like, she's tapped into that side of her the artistic side.


But like That's great. I like, that's Really cool. Yeah. So They always encouraged you in, in the arts and shit when you were growing up? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, they did. Yeah. They, they, they didn't have any problem with me going into it, but my mother is like, you know, she's like German, Midwestern. So like, it took the longest time to get like a compliment. Like Yeah. It's just like I, I like almost like stopped telling her when I was on tv. And then I remember one time I went back to Boston, I did this show at the Comedy Connection when it was in fan hall. And I just went on, I I, I caught his own And I just murdered the whole time. I was up there And I got off stage And I remember she just went, now that was a good show. And I said, all right.


I finally got her. Cool. And then for like the next six years, every show I did, she compared to the Boston one. That was good. It wasn't like that set you did in Boston. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, Bob, why do you do this? She goes, I'm just, I'm trying to make it better. I'm just trying. And then what Were some, what were some of the first couple of gigs you had? Did you work at a warehouse or something when you first started? Like before you started doing standup or something right outta college? What were your Survive? Yeah, I did a lot of warehousing. I, I tried like landscaping stuff, but just being a, a redhead in the sun, it was just brutal. I tried roofing and stuff. It was just, it was, I was gonna die. I'd be dead at skin cancer by the time I was 20. But how you, you don't strike me as a sort of a flippant or reckless person. So how confident were you that comedy was gonna be a career for you?


And did you sort of, you know, protect yourself a bit by studying other things? Yeah. Or like, was was there, was there a plan B? Dude, I, I sucked at everything. Like I just, I just, I had massive, massive fucking a DD Wow. Massive childhood trauma and shit. And like, I was like, yeah, like fucking, I'd get like, I think it first started getting alopecia when I was like 12. Just from like fucking stressing, just being in fight Or flight. I wanna talk about That for shit I'm not gonna get into Oh yeah. Okay. I guess not. Like, people always try to get those stories outta me. I'm like, dude, you gotta like, 17 people would have to be dead before I could tell those fucking stories And I Right, right. Innocent people. So, But there was, but there was no, you, you say you suck at everything.


I, I I don't, I don't believe you. I bet If you wanted to point yourself in a direction, whether it be you, well maybe even medicine, I mean, look at your two parents. Yeah. So were there brothers or sisters that were carving a I can Show you some report cards that would debunk that theory? No, I, I I don't, I was like a fucking cat on a leash, dude. Like, I don't know what it was. Like everything I was, I just wanted to, every place I was, I didn't fit in. I just was always outside the thing looking at it. And I was looking at everybody else And I was trying to do what they were doing. It was like my, like it was really an outer body experience most of my childhood. And then I, when I went down to my second show I ever did, it was this long gone comedy club, stitches comedy club.


And I remember walking in there and there was all of these fucking damaged open mics. And it was the first time I ever felt like I was around the same kinda weird that I was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I found I had found the right nuts to hang out with and like how they viewed the world and how they interacted with it made sense. And who were some of those guys? Who are some of the guys that we would know that you kind of came up with? Because I'm always fascinated by people who are now famous who hung out with other people who are now famous before you Made it. Oh, I had a killer group. It was, I I came up, let's see, Dane Cook, Patrice O'Neal, Robert Kelly. And then there was this kid who came down from Maine. Bob Marley Sweat.


That was his real name. He was born in like 67. So that was before Bob Marley made it. That's funny. And everyone was telling me when Was the last year the Leafs won? Yeah. Oh yeah, that's right. You haven't won since Bob Marley wasn't famous. He was growing his first dreadlock. You ever believe you're fucking bring everything back? You had to mention 60 fucking seven. It's unbelievable. This I love you guys And I don't understand why you hate the Bruins. We have a, I know we have a mutual, You got lot of good, a lot of good Canadian, a lot of Canadians. Who won that cup for you? Hang on, let me ask you, bill, you talk about your second show. How'd you end up doing your first standup? Yeah. Yeah. I think there was a lot of Europeans won that cup for us. You just, assuming that you guys still dominate the league. Well You had fucking Brad Marsh on and, and you also had, Bergeron was your captain.


Well, there's two guys. No, I guess Char was your captain at the time anyway. Oh, That's what the problem is. You guys don't realize you need a team. No. Hey listen, Listen, listen. Is that why you're never balanced and you buy like three fucking zillion dollar forwards and you have no fucking defense? Not, we didn't buy em. We, we, we drafted, we drafted all those guys anyway, except for Savaris. Listen, bill, how did you end up at your first show? How, how was it that you went, I'm going up tonight to do standup tonight? How did that happen? Oh, I made a new, I had to make, I was so walled off and shy that I had to make a New Year's resolution in 1992. I said at some point this year I had to get myself a whole fucking year.


But were you writing jokes? Were you writing jokes before you were like, no, no, no, But prepare, then I Would have to think about what I had to do. I'd be like, I need to write jokes. Oh, look at this. Can, oh, let me fucking do something with this. I, no. And, and like once I, I made that thing in my head And I was going to Emerson College at that time. And the whole reason I was going to Emerson College, two reasons. One, I had to get a college degree because my parents were professionals and they wanted me to do that. So I was doing that. And then two, it was a performance school. So I went there to get over stage fright. Ah, I had real note, like I majored in mass communications. I didn't, I just majored, I was majoring in volunteering to get in front of fucking people.


I, I did radio So I could be on a microphone and talk to people. Right. But I didn't have to see 'em. It was very baby steps. So I made this New Year's resolution. And then there was a school paper, I don't know if they still have it there, the Emersonian. And they, there was an ad in the paper. It was this contest at Nick's comedy Stop find Boston's funniest college student, which was just a big sales promotion to get a bunch of drunk kids, college kids in there buying beer, watching their friends bomb. So I signed up, I went home and signed up. It was funny, my parents are into antiques, so they had this Resto mod phone. I was literally like, yeah, hello operator. I'd like to get in a show Bizz, it was still, you opened it up. It was still a push button phone.


And I just called up And I signed up for the contest and I showed up And I, And I, I went up and did it. It didn't go well. It went, went okay, but what'd you do? What, what was the first thing? Do you remember? Yeah, I'm really curious about this. Like, you get up on, you do this fucking thing and then you get up on stage and then what? Well, it really is the funniest thing to get into. 'cause you can't really practice it. You don't, you have no idea how to do it. The only way to learn how to do it is to just go up and do it. So I'm, I do remember sitting down to write jokes for the first time and just staring at the blank page. Like, how do you, I don't even know how to do this. So I just started writing stuff and stories and talking about myself.


It was a very self-deprecating set talking about being a commuter, having no friends, having no girlfriend, basically discussing all the sadness that leads one to start becoming a performer. Right. Right, right, right. So it was a lot of that. And, you know, I went up there, I forgot what I was gonna say. I sort of started in the middle of the shit that I could remember And I kind of meandered. But I remember getting off stage And I, I, I do remember going up to the mic and another like, autobody experience, almost like watching myself taking the mic out of the mic stand. And I was just like, this is what I'm doing. I'm doing this for the rest of my life. This is what I'm supposed to be doing. Wow. And the guy who hosted it, Billy Martin, who's now a big shot at the Bill Marsh show, he gave me Rita Choice's number, still remember her.


She was fucking hilarious. And she used to make me call up the club and I'd be like, Hey Rita, it's it's it's Bill Burr. I wanna, you know, I wanna get some spots. She goes, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's not how you talk to me. You have to say, Rita, this is open mic Bill Burr. And I just, I thought it was the funniest thing ever. Wow. Yeah. I loved it because like, that was to me, and also she was in the comedy world And I, I loved that type of affection. Like, that was like, I don't like real affection. Like, Hey man, I just wanna say you really mean a lot to me. Like literally my toes start going like that and my sneakers like, dude, we can't have a real fucking, you Know, I get it.


We'll be right back. And now back to the show. Hey, real quick. I got an 18-year-old daughter that wants to go to Emerson. Was it, was it great? It's fantastic. Yeah, it's fantastic. One of the great things that they had was they had people that went there and were doing well, you know, in, in show business. And they would come back on a regular basis and they would talk to, I, I do it, you know, I haven't done it enough, I should do it more. But you come back and what's great about it, I remember sitting there looking at these people. They had produced a movie that, I forget what the movie was, but it was something that I had seen. And just to see them being like, oh, they were sitting here. Right. And now they're, now they're doing that.


Like, this is like possible because you know how this business is, this isn't like, you know, you start in the mail room and then you, you work, work your way up to that. There's like, it's just like this field. You just start running and you don't know, oh, they're running this way. I run over here and like, you have no idea. Like there's no Squi game. Yeah, yeah, exactly. You have Squi game. Yeah, yeah. People have fallen Totally squid game Quitting, becoming substitute teachers. You have no idea. Like, what, what the fuck am I doing? Right. But then, but then Bill, what's so impressive is your massive, hugely successful career in standup and doing specials and everything. But like, what a great actor you are. F is for family. Yeah. How are you digging? That's king of Statin Island and then Mandalorian, which I, you were, I was like, oh my god.


Bill Burr on Mandalorian. That was so cool. And then you did Old Dads, which you co-wrote With Ben Tischler. Yeah. Produced, directed and starred. And, And I wanted to ask you about old dads because, And I want to ask Jason too, this, when you first start directing, I was, I was reading about You Bill about, about old dads. And when you first start directing and you have to call action for the very first time in your life as a director, it must feel so awkward. Like if I, I gotta say it with conviction. 'cause if I say it action weekly, I won't look like a leader. So I have to kind, you know what I mean? So isn't that weird to call action for the very first time as a director?


Yeah. It was because You, 'cause you've seen it and you've been around It. It was so they also said like, there was, I, you know, the first ad was ever like, do you want me to say action? Yeah. And then I kind of realized like, oh, is it hacky now? Yeah. For the director to say action. Do I need to have that old big bullhorn and action? You know, So I just deferred that to them. But I do remember, like, I directed old dads not 'cause I wanted to, I never had any desire, once again my fucking a, DD and everything. Like, I was just like, I, I don't want to, you know, let me just do, you know, I don't give a fuck dude, gimme a line, reap whatever I have to do to get through the fucking day. I don't care. Right. Right. So I knew I was in trouble directing, and this is how what happened was we were coming outta Covid.


So everybody was committed to all of these projects that they didn't do, plus what they were gonna do the next year. Right. So no one was available. So then the start talking going, well Bill, you wrote this movie? I go, no, I didn't. I wrote it with Ben Tischler. Yeah, but it's your voice. No, no, no. They kept trying to, they well me into a corner. And then they go, well, I mean it's getting, you know, it's getting late, it's gonna go away. And I just said, alright, fine, I'll do it. And I don't remember 20, 22 after that, and this is when I knew I was in trouble, was I was talking to the, to the set dresser, whatever. I never know what the names of the jobs are. The person that puts all the stuff in the room. Right. They go, they go, they go, they go.


That guy. Yeah. Yeah. That person. And yeah. And I'm Dancing Monkey. I, I have different names for the jobs, but they know what I'm talking about. Right. So she goes, okay, this scene is, it's a backyard barbecue scene. Or are we thinking paper plates? Are we thinking? I was like, yeah, yeah. Paper plates. And she goes, what kind of paper plates? Oh God. And I was like, oh fuck. Right. I go, it's to this level. And then I started thinking, oh, there's directors out there that, that choose a color palette that they, I I'm just weigh in over my head. So the re the reality of old dads Yeah, yeah. Is Ben Tisler co-directed with me. So he had my back. Okay. And Monica Levinson, there was a lot, I had a ton of help.


And, but the thing was with that thing was I, I knew, I knew how to write jokes and Ben knew how to write structure. So we had the scene there and it's like, I, I wasn't trying to be Stanley Kubrick. So we, I was just trying to make you laugh so it wasn't like Right. I've asked every standup comic that does some acting the same question. How do you like the process of, 'cause as a standup, you come first and then you write words to fit you as an actor. It's the exact opposite process. Do you, do you enjoy that or is it torture to you to like, have to fit a bunch of words in a character that pre-exists? No, no. I love it. I, I also, I like, I'm envious of the, the collaboration.


You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like Will knows this, he's been out on the ice with me. I'd rather get an assist than the goal, you know, I put it right on the fucking tape. And what does he do? He shoots it over the crossbar. Just like every bum on his team and not this guy. Jesus Christ, bro. No, I, I really like, I've been my acting career, which is funny is I, I, what I always say is I've parrot trooped into some of the best stuff only and only for a couple of episodes. And people have like this idea Breaking bad Yeah. Of me. Yeah. That I, that I have this way bigger acting thing than I do. And it's like, And I only did a couple episodes of Breaking Bad. Yeah. But I, a couple, but I was fucking, yeah. A couple Episodes of Chappelle Man and Lori.


I, I've like parro trooped into these. But You, you do, you do enjoy it. It not as much as you stand up love, but yeah. No, no, I absolutely love it. Like, I got a, I have an acting gig coming up next year, in, next month in New York doing Broadway for the first time I'm doing Glen Gary, Glen Ross, Glen Gary, Glen Ross. So, oh wow. No way. Yeah, with Ke Kin and who else? Oh, We just won a Golden Globe. Bob Odenkirk. Michael McKean. Oh man, I wanna be Out that, so it's kind of better call salt. Breaking bad there. I got a little bit of succession in there. Yeah, that's fine. I can't, I'm gonna see that. When does that open? I think March 10th. Okay. You're excited about that. Is that your first play? Yeah. Yeah. No, but did, so How, how long you're doing it, do you know how long you're doing it?


How long and who's directing? How long are you doing it? I'm doing it until the end of June, I believe So. March, April, may, June. Oh, that's nothing. Oh boy. That's like, yeah. 16 weeks or, or whatever. But What about directing you think you'll ever direct again? Slated to direct The next one I just wrote with Ben. Yeah. After in 2022 going, I'm never doing this again. But like, I don't know, like, that's great. We kind of, it's like, I always joke, I go, we're like the comedian, you know? And I'm not saying we're anywhere near them, but like comedian Cohen brother type of thing, where if it says produced by Ben Tisler know that he was directing to listen to This guy. Says he's like a Cohen brother over here. I Just went through all of their movies. I just went through all of their, all of the movies that I hadn't seen.


Aren't They incredible? I mean, These Guys are just, I Miss 'em. You know what's a great, a great one. Here's one to watch with your wife, your lady friend, your life partner. Sean. Thank you. Thank you Dad. Good For you. Bill Paris. Paris Te is something that they just produced and it's a series of like 2010 minute short films ab about love in Paris and all different, like, you know, people finding love, people getting divorces, tragic, funny. It was such a surprise, amazing Movie. That's French for Paris. I love you. Okay. Paris. Wow. Thanks man. Okay, will One coffee, Billy.


So you, so the Monday morning podcast you started in 2007. Yeah. And you're still doing it? What? Yeah. Yeah. So wait, is this is, this is pre Dak Shepherd is Post Mark Marin Af or pre Dak Shepherd. Yeah. I, yeah, I don't know. In in, in in the podcast Pan. Sorry for, sorry for the way that he Marks years. Understood. Confusing A fucking, I dunno, we wanna do a deep dive into the history of podcasting. No, but I mean, we don't have to, but it's like, wow. I mean, you've been doing it before was a thing. I was doing it when I, when I used to call in a service on a flip phone. Wow. And I used to be, and that was my first podcasts were only like five, six minutes.


It was, it, it started off with, it was on the MySpace page and you would post it And I was over Bobby Kelly's apartment once again. Yeah. Bobby Kelly. And we were both living near each other in New York at the time. And he was the one, he goes, dude, you know, dude, it's a, it's a way to connect with your fans, dude. He says, you know, he says, do it a lot. Right? And I was like, all right. So, And I just started doing him And I liked it. And it's been this amazing exercise for me. 'cause I don't have guests really. Right. So I just sort of babble and then answer questions and stuff. And it grew to 10 minutes to 20 minutes the same way you build like a standup act. And now I can just by myself sort of talk for an hour.


So like, when I shoot a special Yeah. Going out and, and trying to like, you know, come up with a whole new hour is, is, is a lot easier for me. Yeah. I feel because of, of doing that, because I'm not, I'm just, I can, I can go into flow mode. Right. Got it. Do you, do you, Sorry, Sean, was that painful for you? Like it went on longer Got it. Price with your process Bill, do you, do you, do you find yourself doing the, doing the podcast and you, you say something or like something happens, like a joke comes out of it and then you, you integrate it into your special? Is that what you're saying? I never Used to do that, but lately, lately I have been, because the rule is basically if I do it on the podcast, I'm not doing it on the show.


But if I feel like it's like, you know, I just waded into the water and it's gonna go a lot deeper than that. Yeah. Like, you know, I had like a dad moment with my two kids. That was, you know, it was, it just worked out perfectly. I don't, how do I do this? Like, 'cause I don't wanna do the bit. But it was ba basically, my son wasn't listening to my daughter and then she was mad at him and she wanted to get him back. And I gave her the green light to do it. And then she did it like a woman. Like it was diabolical. It was fucking amazing. And I was just like, holy shit. Like, wow, that is a, that is a female brain in there.


'cause I never would've thought, you know, guys are duh. Gonna punch you in the face. Like they, like, they, they pitch story and they fucking come up with something and they just put maximum. How old are your kids? Pain and suffering? Seven and four, soon to be eight. Oh, how fun. Oh yeah. My son's hilarious. He's, his new thing is, he'd be like, when he gets mad at me, he goes, he goes, that's it dad. He goes, he goes, he goes, you're going to jail. I'm calling Kojak because he has an old dad and we watch Kojak. Jeez. And he loves Kojack. And one of my favorite, like, I don't know if you guys had this with kids when you realize how much you're gonna be friends with them for your whole life. Yeah. I was sitting on the couch when my son was three and we're watching Kojak.


Right. So it's an old school cop show. So basically anybody who isn't white is running down an alley with a knife. You know what I mean? So it's like this 20-year-old Puerto Rican actor in like the prime of his life. And he's sprinting down this alley and he's getting chased by the character Stavos, who's tele Val's real brother. And he has a full head of curly hair and he's fat. He looks like a fucking weevil. And he's chasing this shredded Latino kid. So they show the Latino kid flies down the fucking alley like an Olympian. And then Stavos in his, his loafers is running by and my son is just watching Stavos running. Then he just goes three years old. He just goes, And I looked at him And I started laughing and we both just started cracking up.


And I was like, oh my God. That's it. We're gonna smoke cigars. I'm in, I'm in with this dude. That is great. I love that. So well, Billy, that's, it's so nice to meet you. We've taken way too much of your time. I know you gotta go, you gotta a gig tonight, blah, blah blah. Listen, don't put your schedule on me. I was, I was ready to fucking put my belly up. Yeah, it's too late. I always do. But I didn't get, listen Bill, I know you got a personal chef who's just made you a fucking ex salad sandwich. No bread. Exactly. You can smell it from here. Hey, before I go Sean, when you did that, that Jerry Lewis, that was one of my favorite things. Oh, thanks man. Thank you. I thought you nailed that. And obviously thank you very much. Ozark was one of my favorite shows.


And Will I got there. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. I knew it. I knew it. No, I'll, I'll tell you what, being a dad, Lego Batman, bingo. Fucking amazing bar. It's fucking amazing. Thank you. Thank You Bill. It's fucking amazing. It's, thank you. Well Bill, you're the king. You're Very nice to, it makes the kids laugh. No, you guys are gonna take your fucking compliments. Well, thank you for doing this. It's very, very nice of you. Thank you, bill. Thank you guys for having me. Thank you. We Love you Bill. Despite everything, we love you. All right. I'll see you down at the com. The showbiz. Commissary at some point. All right. Exactly. Yeah. Alright guys. Nice To meet you Bill. All nice to meet you guys too. You, bye meet Good.


See, nice meet to meet you Sean. I've met you before. We'll, you know, yeah, I know. We've had our moments All. All right. Bye-bye. We Goodbye. Super fun. Bill Burr. Super fun. Super. Now we've been trying to boat that fish for a while. I think he's been on all of our lists. I'll bet You. Yeah. Yeah, he has. And then he was gonna be on, I knew he was gonna be on at one point. 'cause I think I, I forget how I knew that. And I wanted to have him on and I've known him for a long time And I really do love the guy, even though it seems like we're enemies. He's Hilarious. I wanna act with him. Yeah, he's he's Really good. He's fun. On set. Oh, I wanna act with somebody. I wanna, What was that Whitney?


Is that Whitney Houston? That is Whitney Houston, yeah. Okay. Jay, you never answered the question. I wanna know what that was because last night I was thinking about it. Isn't it a weird thing to call action for the very first time in your life because you've only heard it? Oh, I, I actually do remember that moment. Yeah. Try it. Try it as young punk at 18 talking. Oh, really? Talking of adults. Yeah. It was terrifying. Yeah, I was So, I just felt like such a fraud. Still do. No. Brilliant. So, so he was great. I love him. I've been a fan for a long time. I Did see, no, I realized why he lashed out to me. I did see him in Albert Hall and he was fucking great. He was awesome. Yeah, he's always funny. He absolutely destroyed and he shot a special from there and he destroyed and, but he can't, I want to, I wanna see, He has a tough time taking a compliment.


He's got a lot of issues that are great. Yeah. He seems like a good Dude. He's a funny, funny, funny dude. He's one of the, he's, again, he falls in that category of just like, he has no choice. He's naturally funny. Yeah. For, he's just for sure. He's just funny. Whatcha Guys gonna do the rest of the day? I've got a sign language lesson today. Oh For, because I've got a, Yeah, this job I've got coming up, I gotta do a little bit of sign language. So I have to learn how to speak with my hands. And I Wait, that Was Black Rabbit too, with that guy, that Character. Yeah. But my character didn't have to do it. But in this, this thing coming up, I gotta do a couple of scenes in sign language and do, you know, know what this means? I need That's a fuck. You now will, apparently I only need 15 hours of, of, of, you know, based on what little I have to do The do the bare minimum.


Does that include portal to portal or, Yeah, exactly. But I'm so curious 'cause it's obviously, it's not word for word or verbatim. I'm so curious to learn just this first hour of what it, because it's kind of paraphrasing in general. Yeah, yeah, yeah. General words. I guess I'll, I'll report back. What is, what is this in Sign language? Oh, that's by Bye Bye. That's one of my favorites. That's nice. Shawnee Smart. Nice. Smart. Less.


SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm. JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart Less.