
The Love Affair event is back at Whole Foods Market through Valentine's Day with sales to help you celebrate that special someone. Set the tone with gifts like scented candles and whole foods market's. 24 stem Bunch of roses. Skip the reservation and make a sizzling surf and turf with deals on quality steaks, lobster tails, and more dessert. Pro tip, you'll find their chocolate covered strawberries in the bakery department. Feel the love with delicious savings at Whole Foods Market.


Last year, Americans ate 32 billion chicken wings. Who knows just how many helpless sides of celery were heartlessly thrown away. But this year, celery neglect stops with you and irresistible gif peanut butter because every bite counts and you can make a snack to make a difference. You can buy a jar of gif to save the celery.


Good morning everybody. Or afternoon or evening? Afternoon or evening. God, You always ignore the afternoon people. Yeah, Right. I'm sorry. Good afternoon. You know. Well, do people listen to podcasts in the afternoon? I guess? Do they? Sure Do. By the way, hello to all the people who are on a jog right now. Hello. How are you? Keep pace. Watch the cracks. Hello, everybody at the supermarket. Hello Everybody. Everybody who's driving. Check your mirrors On the subway. Don't miss your stop. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Hello, everybody on a walk. Just a regular Walk. Everybody who's at work. Come on Janet. And for everyone else, welcome to Smart. Yeah, smart. Less smart.


Less smart, less. Wait, I got a quick one. I got a quick dad joke. Here we go. What kind, what kind of bees make milk? Hmm. Will, I don't know. Boobies, boo. Boobies. Boobies. Yeah, I guess. Okay, I'll go with it. Sure. I think it was funny. Fuck you wanted to say? No, so bad you wanted to say no. No, I Wanted to say no. That's not funny. Fuck, You have violated the pun law.


I thought. Alright. Another dad joke, please. Sure. Go ahead, Sean. My Friend keeps saying cheer up, man. It could be worse. You could be stuck underground in a hole full of water. I know. He means well. Oh, I know. He means well, right? Yeah, Yeah. Well I didn't, I didn't hit it. No, no, I know. But you might need to for some of our listeners. What about this one? What about, what about this? Did That, did that italics the well in your book? No. No. Okay. Go ahead. You know, a good elevator joke works on so many levels. Sure. Ah, he got me. He got me. Nice reading. It's pretty. Come on. That's good. Okay. It's Pretty good Guys.


I've said it before and I'll say it again. We three fools are incredibly lucky at times on this show to be able to ask some questions. And here's some answers from folks who wouldn't otherwise spend even a second with us. Oh, I like this. Today's one of those days. Oh, I liked that. Our next guest is one of the most important people to have been born in our generation. He's responsible for some of the most transformative ideas, technologies and events the world has ever known and probably ever will. These discoveries, advancements, and innovations have made parts of our lives in the world around us far different than anyone could have even ever imagined just 40 years ago. His work has brought him enormous wealth, which is enabling an editor to once again change and help our planet and our lives in ways that are exciting, confusing, and in some ways lifesaving.


Please welcome Mr. Bill Gates. Oh My gosh. Wow. Bill Gates. Yeah. What? Hello? Mr. Gates. Hey guys. Wow. How lucky are we that we've got you now? This is that fun. Cool. We've got questions. We've got now we got Questions. First of all, it looks like you're sitting in a high chair. I am. Oh, He's, well, this is a guy who probably does now, well, I was gonna say Guy does a lot of podcasts. I was thinking, why are you, I know you've got a very, thank God you've got a book coming out. I can't not wait to read it, But I, is that the only reason you're, you're talking to us dummies? I mean, why, why you've got so much important stuff to do. It's true. Yeah. Sparing an hour for us is, is generous, but maybe foolish.


It's relaxing So far, so we're not Making you nervous at all. That's Good so far. Good. Jason, I also can't wait for you to not read his book, but Bill Gates, welcome to the podcast. And I say that not 'cause he won't be interested, just, he barely knows how to read. And I will say he is so exciting having you here. Yes. As somebody who has been responsible for not just innovations, but just, you know, the impact that what you have done over the years has been incredible and, and not just in technology, et cetera. And, And I really being on the, on the cutting edge of that for years. But all the philanthropic work you've done, I want to, I didn't know you were gonna be here today, but I've been a big fan of your work in the philanthropic, philanthropic area.


You've been a leader in that. You've really set a tone. So I, I applaud you And I thank you. And I wish more people would take your, take your cue. Yeah, Well you setting a great example. I think they, I think they will. I hope they will. Yeah, we really do. Do Are they, I mean, you, I know you did something, what is it called? The, The giving pledge? Yeah, the Giving Pledge. Yes. With Warren Buffet. I was gonna ask that. Right. Our guys exactly. Are guys are men and women following along with that. Yeah. We have, we have about 250 people who've made the commitment to give away the majority of their wealth. And we, you know, we get together and learn from each other. 'cause philanthropy's actually a little confusing. You don't have like a rating system or profit and it, you know, brings you into a new, a new area.


And so we can inspire each other and hopefully anybody who's got lots of money feels like pitching in. Yeah. Yeah. And because wasn't it, I think Warren Buffet said, because if you can't figure out how to live off of $500 million, there's a problem. Isn't that what he's, isn't that part of that pact? That's right. I, I think I read that somewhere. I know. Which is funny 'cause I was thinking about writing a letter and asking him if he'd give me 500 million to see if I could do that. Yeah. Just a little experiment. Do you know what I mean? As an experiment. So, Mr. Gates, I, I'd, I'd like to ask you if, if it's possible, Jason, sorry, I don't mean to hijack this, but Be my guest. I've got some questions here. If you, if you run out, I, I I'm sure you, at, at risk of, of, of you, having said this a million times before, would you talk a little bit about the genesis of Microsoft?


'cause I don't know if I've ever really heard a clear story of how it came to be, how you had the idea for it and how it, how and how it came into to fruition. Yeah, I was super lucky. You know, my parents found me a little confusing in terms of I was very good at some things and, and not good at other things. So they sent me to a private school and that school got a computer. So when I was 13, I had my first exposure And I got kind of obsessed with figuring it out, what I, it could do. And so even during high school together with a friend Paul Allen, I got thousands of hours of time learning how to write software.


So for, forgive me for interrupting, what, what year was that that you got first exposed to the Computer and where That's 1968. I'm up in Seattle. Washington. Seattle, okay. At a excellent private school. And then Paul's reading, and he sees that a computer's going to be done on a chip. The microprocessor made by people like Intel. And that those chips are gonna get twice as good every year or two. And So I say to Paul that, that's exponential improvement, that then computers will be almost free and we, they'll need a lot of software. We should do that software. And he follows, when I go back to Harvard, 'cause my parents wanted me to go to college, he follows me there to kind of bug me and say, well, this revolution's gonna happen.


Let's get going. And finally, a, when the first personal computer comes out in late 1974, I drop out and Paul And I found the company. And You told Steve Ballmer to stay behind, finish his education. 'cause you're gonna need him later. Yeah. In fact, he shows up about four years into the company and he's the other person who plays an unbelievable role. I did manage to catch him in the middle of business school, So I got him to drop out of business school. There You go. So, so you see these com so these computers in, in the sort of the late sixties that you're first exposed to are by comparison, e of course, to today, but maybe even to the computers in the, in the, in the mid seventies.


Rudimentary at best, probably. Yeah. Also also very expensive. And so, you know, we only big companies in the government have them. And so we would have to sneak in at night to get access. And you know, we kept saying to people, these things are gonna be cheap, but they, they didn't, you know, they didn't agree. And so we got to be the very first people. And then you have people like Steve Jobs at Apple where they're doing the hardware, the Apple two, and we're doing the software. So the Apple computer came with our software. Oh, it did? Yeah. And was it, was it, correct me if I'm wrong here, but I for some reason always thought that one of the major things that for small brains like me, that really was like, oh, compu.


Because I remember computers used to, there was the coding thing, and then all of a sudden one day there were the, there was, I think it was Windows, which was, it was just point and click stuff. And it was like, oh, this is a whole different thing. Was that not you Mr. Gates? Yes, absolutely. So the, the idea of the graphics interface where you, you use images, not just characters. Yeah. That's pioneered at Xerox, which made a lot of money on copying machines and they didn't manage to make a good product. So it's actually Apple with the Macintosh and Microsoft with Windows that takes this idea of graphics interface and takes it to the masses.


And you know, now everybody knows that's, you know, the way you, you use computer, you just Point computers and click. But what we don't know is that underneath what you're pointing on, underneath that is a bunch of code that you're activating when you hit a click. Yeah, yeah. It's pretty, it's actually pretty complicated underneath, which is why we had to hire lots of smart engineers and Gotcha. Write a lot of code. Yeah. But, but I, But I will say, well, I have, I, I kind of have two questions, which is a, so you, you learn on these rudimentary, huge computers that are the only, the government and me, you know, educational institutions have, et cetera. So then, so you and Paul Allen realized that, okay, this is the future. Is are there people who can teach you how to do the stuff you did?


Or did you have to figure a lot of that stuff out yourselves as you were going? We pretty much had to, to figure it out. I mean, we did hire a few adults, you know, who knew things like finance and accounting. But because we were at the forefront of a revolution, you know, this idea of, okay, how do you manage these people? How do you price this stuff? You know, we, and we decided we'd sell all over the world. So I have to build a team in Japan and Europe and deal with all the languages. I have to say it was super fun. And because we were right, these computers got so popular, you know, we made enough money, we just kept hiring more and more people and eventually built Windows and, and Office, you know, which had Excel spreadsheet and Microsoft Word, and those became I remember all that.


Yeah. Yeah. So by the late nineties we are doing well and it's, it's kind of a, a standard way that people use personal computers. Yeah, I was, but, but sorry Sean, if I just, just on that last little bit of the code stuff and, and you, you touched on that, so that Apple products came with, with your software built in, and then you guys split and it became kind of like the, and forgive me for the comparison. You, it became like the VHS beta max. It was either or. It was like, you either did this or you did that. Was there ever a discussion between you and Steve Jobs about, Hey, let's continue in this partnership using your, our, et cetera, et cetera.


Did you guys, or was there a, or was there a moment that you split? Because we're always pure software. The only competition is that they, apple does its own operating system, which competes with Windows. But we write software on the Macintosh. In fact, we had as many people as Steve Jobs did when he is doing the Macintosh. 'cause we do our word processor, we do our spreadsheet. And it was amazing because, you know, Steve did the Mac, that was wonderful. Then he leaves Apple Apple's being very mismanaged when he comes back. I reach a deal with him where we actually invest in Apple and commit to do our software.


And then he runs that company. So well that going from the verge of failure, it actually becomes the most valuable company in the world, even slightly more valuable than, than Microsoft. That's amazing. So we ended up working together, and then in the last few years, when he was sick, we got to reflect on our lives and talk to each other quite a bit. We were kind of competitors. I mean, he would criticize Windows pretty brutally, but that's okay. But his skillset, which was kind of design and user interface, he was not an engineer. And so our, you know, my skill is very much as a, an engineer.


So we, we appreciated each other, you know? Of course. Yeah. Was there, was there, was there a lot of competition though? Like, and there had to be, when you're, when you're sitting in your garage or wherever you were with Paul thinking, you know, designing this and coming up with this and all that stuff, back then you didn't have, the people didn't know what you were doing. Right? Everybody knows what everybody's doing now. And so you didn't, you, you had this kind of secrecy so you could protect yourself. But as it got, as it grew and became the, the thing that it became, how do you protect yourself and how did you protect yourself from competitors? And was Apple the only competitor? Because Microsoft wasn't about any one piece of software, not just Windows, not just office.


We were doing, you know, Xbox, which had games. We thought of ourselves as a software factory, and we wanted to be faster than anyone else and have lower price software than anyone else. And so the other people doing software found it. It pretty intimidating that we moved at that speed. And that's why when Steve does the Macintosh, he comes to us and say, Hey, are you willing to bet on this? You know, can, can we work on this together? It it, it got quite competitive, you know, eventually other great companies like Google come along and they're also very good at hiring smart people.


And there's been room, you know, if you think of what are the, the most valuable companies in the world today? It's all these companies that ushered in this digital revolution. Right? I was, yeah, I was gonna say, because all now you have instead of a Google, Microsoft and, and Apple, you have 200 AI companies now because people see the future much, much more quickly now than they did then. Sean. Sean, and, and tell Mr. Gate, you're a Ask Geeves guy. Right? Like, that's been Your whole, and ask Geeves, Mr. Gates, do you remember having conversations with, with Paul or Steve or, or, or any of your, your contemporaries at the time?


Do you remember sitting there having conversations with them and allow yourself the, the, the imagination for what the future could bring? And were there any things that were worrisome or exciting? Like you hear about the conversations that are happening now regarding ai, where we're kind of on the doorstep of another big move. Do you remember having those concerns back then? Were there any Yeah, so the, the digital revolution with PCs and internet, we thought of as very empowering. And so you could say we were kind of naive in thinking this was all good. In fact, when we worried, we were worried about what we call the digital divide, that having access was so valuable that we should make sure that schools in the inner city and poor countries Yeah.


Had the internet and the, the pc. It's only when social networking comes along that this kind of, oh, isn't it always for the good to give people new capabilities. We realized, wow, you know, the social criticism, the waste of time that in some ways we were playing to human weaknesses. That you seek out outrage and that kind of can drive people apart. Yeah. And now you know that we've seen that those advances aren't always good now with ai, which is far more powerful than social network. And we're going, wow, how do we shape this thing to get the good, which is definitely there, but avoid the bad stuff.


And it's a little bit scary right now. Well, are is a little bit of trying to put the genie back in the bottle. A unfortunately with, with the social networks and, and, and, and also just with phones in general and their impacts, you know, as a father of, of three, three boys under the age of 16 and younger, I Would ask you, And I know your kids are a little bit older and, And I, I look, I, I don't like answering, I thought hypothetical questions myself, but I'm gonna ask you a hypothetical, which is, and, and feel free to not answer it. If your kids, if your kids were teenagers again, if they were adolescents, if they were 11, 12, 13, 14, would you let them have access to social media?


Yeah, my youngest, I stopped her from having a cell phone until she was 14. And she was quite upset because the other kids had access. It works a lot better if groups of parents or even the school come in and saying, Hey, during the school day, this is pretty distracting. And Australia's now trying to pass a set of rules. You know, there's a book by Jonathan, he called the Anxious Generation. Read it. Yeah, we talked about it all. I've read it. Okay, good. Yeah. Good. You know, and his point that we're kind of overprotecting kids in the real world and under protecting them in the digital world, I think he's, he's got a super good point there. And we, we've gotta a step up on That.


I, I, I took his advice And I said to my boys, to my teenage boys, I said, I will, I will give you a lot of freedoms in the real world that are commensurate with your reduction in, in your time in, in the digital world. And I will give you much more leeway to do stuff and spend time in real time and give you a later curfew on the weekend. You know, sort of 1130 if you will, or whatever that is. If you guys, if I see a market reduction in your time online, but, but what I dream about this is what I'm getting to what I dream of is six months of no social media on this planet. And what would that do in a sort of a social, in, in a reset. Imagine a world where we didn't have that.


I I personally think that we would be in a much better place. Yeah. It's when you see how polarized we are and that, you know, even I, if there's some article criticizing somebody I don't like, I'm like, oh yeah, I want to be outraged. Yeah. Against the, the people I think have shortcomings. And so, you know, you want an algorithm that brings us together and, you know, maybe a moratorium would, would help us get there. Yeah. And we will be right back.


Are you looking to save on heart medications? You're not alone. More than a third of Americans are living with a heart condition and it can get expensive. That's why GoodRx offers 30 popular heart medications all under $30. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx to save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, many more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. To save on heart medications and other everyday prescriptions, check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess. That's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


Have you met all modern, all modern thinks making your home modern with fresh furniture and decor should be easy. That's why their team of modern obsessed experts, hand vets each design for quality plus all moderns fast and free shipping lets you upgrade your home in days, not weeks. So whether you are updating your living room or re-imagining your dining area, all modern has the very best of modern all in one place that's modern made for real life shop now at all. modern.com.


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Ever hear people say that something is like therapy for them? Playing tennis is therapy. For me, listening to music is my therapy. Cooking is like therapy. Well, you know, it's therapy for me. You guessed it. Therapy because when it comes to sorting out issues, figuring stuff out, and just making you feel better about yourself, you can't beat the real thing. BetterHelp online therapy is the easiest way for you to try out therapy for yourself. BetterHelp is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Start by filling out a simple questionnaire to be matched with a licensed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Connect with them via phone, video, text or chat. Whatever works for you at a time and place that works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So if you ever struggle with depression, relationship problems, social anxiety, or family conflicts, give BetterHelp a try. It's not a substitute for therapy. It is therapy. I talk about it all the time. I've benefited from therapy myself, as you all know, I've been in New York for almost three months now. Three months is a long time to be away from home and Ricky and all my familiar surroundings and stuff like that. So I talked about it in therapy last week, not that earth shattering end of the world, but it just helps to talk it through. And that's what therapy does for me. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. My, you know, as, as a kid who grew up in the seventies as a Gen Xer, you know, your, your rise and and and your, your significance in the world coincided with sort of my, my teenage years and understanding that kind of thing. And, and it felt like the first time that we had things like the, you know, the fortuneless or the Forbes or the mo the richest people in the world and, and, and your name was in and out of the top of that for many, many years. And I can't imagine. And just how absurd that must be on a certain level. Did you have those moments of like, not even pinch me, but of like, is this me?


It feels almost abstract. How bizarre Did you have that at all? Or just leave me alone? Well, it's definitely wild, you know, at a young age, you know, I was in my thirties when I become the richest person and Yeah, My parents, fortunately, you know, their values helped anchor me. And they were always saying, okay, you know, to whom much to whom much is given much is expected. You know, So I I did start in my forties to really study philanthropy, you know, Rockefeller, Carnegie, what had they done, and try and figure out, you know, could I be as careful about giving it back.


And then in my fifties I retired from Microsoft and moved over to do foundation work full-time. But yes, it's bizarre having close friends who really know you, who can laugh about your success. I think, you know, it does help, help keep you grounded. Yeah, I love that, that transition to philanthropy. I'm, I'm sure there are many parts of it that are even more complicated than, than your, your life beforehand, the many, many challenges. Can you, can you speak about those? I'm sure there's a lot of it that is much more enjoyable too. Probably most of it. How's that? How is that feeling, that transition?


Well, I loved being a individual contributor in my twenties and then managing Microsoft in, in my thirties where, you know, you're just very hands-on and you can say, my product is selling well or this one is not. How do we fix that? And so it's a real switch, you know, where you're not having that immediate market feedback to go and say, Hey, why do children die? How many children die? Can we reduce that? And then I had to learn about poor countries and vaccines. But I have to say it's been, you know, as fulfilling, you know, in the turn of the century, we have 10 million children dying every year. And because we got out new vaccines and worked with partners, that's now down below 5 million a year.


Wow. And if we keep doing our work well, including governments caring about poor countries, we can cut that in half again to two and a half million. Is, Is, sorry. Is is there, is there, have you found a way to make it an attractive idea for countries to come on and partner with you that goes beyond just the obvious ethical and moral poll of it? Is, is there, is there a, is there A-A-G-D-P component that you can dangle in front of some of these more capitalistic minded countries that, that get them to the table a little bit better?


Yeah, that's a super good point is, you know, we of course the moral argument of The Golden Rule, you know, helping people everywhere Yeah. Is our strongest argument. But that alone isn't gonna get us there. You know, we had some of the generals in the US army saying, Hey, if you don't help these countries out, then we'll have to go to war and, you know, you'll have to increase our budget so that the foreign aid budget, by creating stability, it avoids the awful war. It also, you know, if you lift people up economically, like Asia today, you know, buys a lot of American stuff, right.


Movies, drugs, jets, software, you know, you name it. So our mutual success, you know, has been amazing. You know, the two countries we defeat in World War ii we're generous enough to them that they become the second, third biggest economy. Yeah. And we engage in mutually beneficial trade. You know, Japan shows us how to make quality products, and now we wanna extend that, you know, and get, you know, Asia's doing well, India's getting rich, and eventually they don't need aid if you help them out. And so you only have mostly countries in Africa that still, still really deserve this kind of support.


Are you finding that you're having the same kind of messaging language success as you try to encourage them to come along with environmental adjustments as well? That, that it's, that it's, it's mutually beneficial from a business standpoint, et cetera? Yeah, so, you know, environmentally, a lot of these poor countries are very beautiful. And, you know, we all have to deal with, with climate change. Sadly, it's these African countries that didn't contribute to that problem at all because they're outdoor farmers near the equator. They're the ones that are suffering the most. Yeah. The, the countries we need to really change their emissions are these middle income countries.


So China, Brazil, now India, and they expect us to help them by inventing really inexpensive ways to be go green. And so the biggest hope for the environmental stuff is innovation. If, if the green stuff is really expensive, even the rich countries are kind of saying, Hey, don't make me buy an electric car. If it costs more, don't make me buy an electric heat pump. And, And so, you know, it's gonna have to be all of us saying, we're in this together. It's one planet, but also a lot of innovation because nobody can agree if it's expensive, who should pay for it.


Right. A a friend of mine who's, who's sort of a friend of ours, friend of the show, Willie, our buddy, he mentioned that there with, with this, with the, this, this big round of deregulation that supposedly is on its way that there may be a good spin to it in that the amount of innovation that is needed to really make a big move in, in environment it a part of that, it, it it's necessary for private to, to be spending money there as well as just federal money. And so by deregulating, you give those companies more money to spend in r and d for these environmental thing. Is that just spin for, for the, for the, the, the business sector?


And I'll let, And I'll let you guess what business he's in. He's a great guy. What, what, what do we think about that? Is that, is that, does that spin or is there some validity to that? No, there's definitely some validity. For example, if you want to build a, an electricity transmission line, you often have to go through almost a decade of approvals. And of course that line, if anybody blocks it, then it doesn't work at all. And so we need to have more collective action as we try and change, you know, move away from coal, electricity to other things, which is sun and wind and nuclear and a variety of things. Yeah.


We don't wanna get rid of all the regulations because part of the reason the US is so beautiful, we preserve lands, we've cleaned up our waters better than any other country. But it is absolutely fair to say that many of these environmental reviews are delaying projects that we need in order to solve climate change. Gotcha. So government could get outta the way a little bit 'cause we gotta work fast. Right? But, but not completely. Yes. So we're gonna have to strike that balance. Well, it's so hard not to be cynical when you have things like, and you were just touching on the idea, Jason, it was part baked into your question, which is this that Yeah, of course there is, you know, the, what you call the ethical or moral pull.


But it always comes down to economics, right? It's always, sadly it's the driver of everything. It's like, it's like when the government went to war on the cigarette companies, it wasn't because they wanted us to stop smoking. It's because they didn't want to pay for people who were sick. Unfortunately, it's gotta be a win-win ultimately. Otherwise they wouldn't, they couldn't care less. And I think that there is a societal issue in America, Mr. Gates. I I I haven't revealed this to you yet. I'm Canadian by birth. Oh, wow. So, and, And I'm sorry to drop it on you like that. We had A reveal party later. But, but you know, I think that there is a societal, there are some societal issues And I, And I am American as well, and I've lived here for a number of years And I, And I love this country. I, I truly, truly do.


And, and my children are all American. It's, it is an incredible experience. And, but I do think that there are some issues societally in this country that I've, that come up that have to do with that, that unfortunately, And I know that, look, I'm not naive, but unfortunately a lot of things in this country are driven by people wanting to watch theirs. And there isn't this idea that we're only as strong as our weakest link. It just, and if any, and it, if anything, it keeps getting reinforced in different ways in, in elections, et cetera. In the way that you look at California should have buried power lines. There's no question about it. But nobody wants to pay for that kind of thing. Right. And so there are all sorts of things like that.


And they j and people just won't do it. And I don't know how we can change minds in this country, but it do, it is strange and people will vote a a against their self-interest in this country in ways that are staggering. And, And I, I'm, I'm giving you all these big picture things. 'cause I, I imagine Mr. Gates, these are the kinds of things that you think about because you're dealing in macro. Am I right with that? No, Absolutely. The, you know, I, when I think about the health system or Yeah. Climate, you know, we've gotta solve these problems. You know, we saw that when we weren't ready for the pandemic, millions of people died. Who, who shouldn't have died.


Yeah, Go ahead Sean. I was just say, I love, I love all the talking about medicine. I love all the medical things you're doing. Do I call you Bill? Do I call you Mr. Gates? Sure. Bill's fantastic. Okay. William, the It's a great name, bill. Yeah, I do think you should keep it. It is idea you've been thinking about is a great name. I, Trey, we can call you Trey. Trey. That was my nickname. Yeah. My family still calls me that because my dad was Bill. Wait, why? Where'd you get Trey The third? The third? Because this is the third. Trey is the third. Oh, hey Rey. You didn't know that. So, hey Trey, I love all the medical things you're involved with. And so what's your favorite one you're working on and how has all being around all the innovation of this medical world that you are involved with changed the way you live your life, whether that's food, diet, you know, diet or whatever it is that we don't know about.


We're learning a lot. You know, we've learned that sleep is very important on nutrition. You know, we're still kind of confused about, other than eating too many calories, what counts. You know, the work of our foundation is, is very focused on the diseases that are, are still huge in poor countries. So HIV malaria, you know, we literally still have polio out there, even though we, we got rid of it in the US and kids aren't, aren't dying and being paralyzed. But we're down to just a few countries. And so the only disease we've ever gotten rid of is smallpox. And now polio is very close to being the second on that list.


So I, I put a lot of effort into that with HIV you've got a million Americans living with it, 40 million worldwide. We'd like to make it so we can actually cure it rather than you having to take medicine the rest of your life. Yeah. And so we're, we're making good progress on, on that. Is there any truth to the fact like, 'cause you, I hear like they actually, you know, you hear these conspiracies that there actually is a cure for h HIV or there is a cure for all these things, but they suppress it because there's too much money and pharmaceuticals. No, I, I wish that was true. 'cause then I Would take the cure and, you know, give it to Everybody. Right, exactly. Yeah. Do you, do you know about this? I, gosh, I can now.


It just occurred to me now that you're here, I'm, I'm gonna call you Bill as well, if that's okay. Good. Bill. I, I, I know 'cause I've been reading online and, and a lot of people from their basement say that you're putting chips in our brain, which is amazing. And I love, I loved when people, when I hear that And I always, my answer to that is always to what end. Yeah. I know. Like, like why Do you, what does he, why does he want My Head? Yeah, Exactly. When example, I hear somebody say the government, I'm like, all right, we're done. Right. But I do you, do you hear any of that? Does it make its way to you? Do you laugh about it sometimes? Does it alarm you when you hear these people saying, Bill Gates is trying to put a chip into everybody's brain?


Yeah, well I've had people come up to me on the street and yell at me that, you know, why am I tracking them? And I look at them like, but Why are you, What, what am I gonna do with that information? Right. You know, so you do have to laugh about it. But it's also at the same time, tragic that millions who would've been saved by the Covid vaccine stayed away from it because of all the Yeah. The online misinformation that they were faced with. And you know, whenever you get a pandemic saying, oh, there must be some evil genius behind this Yeah. That's not very adaptive. Yeah, right. You know, and, and we're not really ready for the next pandemic, which will come hard to say when it's gonna come.


But, you know, I I I thought that would make vaccines more popular. Yeah. And so it's unbelievable. And so there's some work, work to be done here. So Bill, the, with with all the, the AI stuff that's, that's being talked about, and I'm sure if you're like me, you get a kind of tune out a bit 'cause there's so much of it. Yeah. Is there, well, I'm sure there's many parts. What's your, what's, what's the most promising use of AI that you can see coming, coming soon? I'm sure it's gonna fix a lot of things, but is there something that's might be on the doorstep that you can talk about?


Well, I'd say the most promising work is health and education. Yeah. Even today, if you get like a, a set of blood tests back or an MRI test back, you know, you get a confusing medical bill, you really should stick it in the AI and say, explain this to me like a sixth grader because it is so good at doing that. Okay. And so, oh God, I'd use it all the time for helping you, helping people with medical things. And then in education, having a personal tutor that gets what you're confused about the level that you're at and knows how to encourage you, you know, whether it's in math or writing papers and you know this, it's early days and it's being rolled out.


And this will not only be profound for the United States, but in Africa, you know, we're, we have fewer teachers and doctors than anywhere in the world. And so a chance for us to give them, you know, access to the kind of health that we take for granted. Right. Right. AI in those two domains, we should push forward, you know, get the accuracy up and, and, you know, really surprise people by improving the health system a lot. Hmm. And this, this question's coming from a person who has no idea how research and development happens in, in the, in the, in medical science, but I, I, I think that you, you get an idea then you gotta run it through a modeling thing and you gotta test it all out.


And, but I, am I right in assuming that AI can make this much, much faster, such that we can track down maybe what the right equation is to fix cancer or any other of these credibly damaging thing that maybe that the process of elimination can happen much faster. Where we can reasonably expect to have some cures for some of these uncurable things perhaps in our lifetime. Absolutely. And you know, medicine has made a lot of progress. I mean, heart disease is way down, you know, cancer, we have a lot of things in the pipeline, but AI is going to accelerate all of that. Great. Amazing. You know, I I, I work in Alzheimer's and there's some great tools coming along 'cause nobody should want to have that.


And even, you know, with HIV, this idea of the cure, the fact we can get it out maybe in four years instead of eight, we'll use AI to, to help accelerate that. Wow. That's amazing. We'll be right back.


Research shows that a major challenge for employers is the pressure to hire quickly, especially given how time consuming it is to find and review candidates. Well, if you're an employer who can relate, here is a question for you. Have you tried ZipRecruiter? ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. In fact, four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Their powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent. So you don't have to waste time or money. Plus you can use ZipRecruiter pre-written invite to apply message to personally reach out to candidates who'd be perfect for your job. So relax employers and let ZipRecruiter speed up your hiring. See for yourself, just go to ziprecruiter.com/ SmartLess right now to try it for free. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger. A picture perfect sunset, or a cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ SmartLess. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.


Hey gang, Jason here. I i, I don't know how you're feeling right now, but I'm feeling real energized. You wanna know why I'm feeling energized? I started my day yes, with coffee, but I started with Rise Mushroom Coffee. Now this stuff, it doesn't get me jittery, it just gives me that energy that I need, that need that little lift, that little hand that helps pull you up out of the bed, props you up and gets you walking one foot in front of the other. Right? Because nobody likes that jittery feeling from drinking too much regular coffee or experiencing that mid-afternoon crash. Unlike regular coffee rise, mushroom coffee helps you stay energized and focused while supporting your overall wellbeing so you can more fully embrace the day. It's, it's unique. It's a powerful blend of six functional mushrooms that help with all day energy, sharper focus, healthy digestion and immune support. Try it for yourself. You'll see that little mushrooms go a long way. And with over 150,005 star reviews, odds are you won't be disappointed. And hey, if your golf game gets better after drinking rise mushroom coffee, well, we can't say that's from the mushrooms, but who, who really knows. Right. Try Rise Mushroom Coffee with 15% off your first order@risesuperfoods.com slash SmartLess. That's RYZE superfoods.com/ SmartLess. Don't just wake up awaken with Rise


In Netflix's new limited series zero Day. The country is devastated by a catastrophic cyber attack that downs America's infrastructure. A respected former president played by Robert De Niro is called out a retirement to find the perpetrators of the cyber attack only to discover he may be losing his grip on the truth and possibly reality Zero Day is now playing only on Netflix.


And back to the show, Your mom was, was really influential with you for, for sort of planting this early seed of philanthropy and giving back and, and, and using what you're, what you're given in, in a, in the right way. Is is that, is that correct? Do you wanna speak about that at all? Yeah, absolutely. I mean, when you see your parents behave, that's more influential than what your parents say. Right. And so they, you know, volunteered in the community. They, they gave what they could. And then as my mom saw, She was big in the United in United Way. Yes. Sorry. Exactly. Yeah. She put a lot of her time in into that, both in our, in our city, but also at the, the federal level and Wow.


So she was always telling me, okay, you know, you've gotta run a United Way campaign and get back. Sadly she died pretty young about 30 years ago. And it was my dad who actually, when I was still full-time at Microsoft, ran the foundation and got it going for the first 10 years and kind of set the culture in a very positive way. So he did get to see and participate in, you know, all those dictates that go back to my childhood. Are your, are your kids being as observational as you were and, and, and benefiting from it like you did? Yeah, no, well kid, my kids, you know, are both lucky.


Although being a child of somebody well known, you know, I'm sure your kids experience, some of it's, it's got a lot of pluses but some minuses as well. But the, but are they, are they, are they following your great example, I guess is my question? Well, you know, the, they're I'm giving them as a percentage of the wealth, a pretty small percentage. Yeah. I mean in absolute it's a lot. And I, I do believe that, you know, they'll have their own careers and they'll be very generous with what they're doing. But I didn't decide that we would take, you know, that wealth and pass it down. You know, 95% goes out through the foundation and, and yet, you know, I'm super happy with how hard they work and their values.


You know, my wife Melinda did a great job raising the kids and it's worked out well. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing. What about, I wanna know like about, about that gut probe in a pill. Like you just eat a pill. Like describe that to me. 'cause I just read headlines about it. I didn't really know anything about it. What is that technology and what is it used for? Probe in a pill? Yeah. Like you eat a pill and it probes your guts. Oh boy. Yeah. So digestion is super complicated and that's why these nutritional fads come along. And the New Yorker cartoon said, you better adopt this new nutritional fad quickly before they prove it doesn't work. And What happens is that in your gut, there's a lot of bi bacteria they call the microbiome.


And we're just now, as you swallow this capsule and we, it absorbs all of those bacteria. We see what's going on, we finally understand what's going on. And so our foundation works on malnutrition. These big pharmaceutical companies like Eli Lilly work on Overnutrition. And it turns out that we work together on the research 'cause the same complex circuitry that allows poor kids to be malnourished in the US we have, you know, horrible levels of childhood obesity. And so as we're learning that, you know, new drugs like these GLP one obesity drugs that as they get cheaper are, are gonna have a profound effect.


Yeah. You know, that's the type of innovation coming out. And, and yet, you know, we didn't understand that until very recently. Well, But, but we had, and Sean's still mourning the, you know, the, the new ban on red dye number three. 'cause it's such a, such a staple in his diet, as you can probably tell. That's my sweet. He can't identify the cherry and the strawberry flavor Stuff. His, his brain is basically liquified. But I will say you, you know, you talk about that in, in this about obesity and childhood obesity. What is it, what is the difference in this country? Again, it, it sounds like I've been attacking this country. I'm really not. I just, I'm, I'm curious about things like, about childhood obesity compared to other countries and the, and the nutrition and, and things that are allowed.


Like, you know, you've seen those things where they compare a, a product that is the same but that's sold here or and then sold in the uk and the list of ingredients is like double in, in this country with, with additives and preservers, et cetera, et cetera. I mean, is that a massive problem or no? Almost certainly not. Oh really? Yeah. I mean, our kids sit in front of the TV more than any other kids. So lack of activity alone explains most of this. Wow. And you know, sadly, when your parents are or obese, the likelihood that you'll be obese goes up pretty dramatically.


And so the US in many respects, drug addiction, obesity, we're, you could say it as the world's richest country, all the problems of being rich are worse in the US Yeah. Than they are anywhere else. Yeah, yeah, for sure. We're also the most innovative though. And, and you know, that's why I'm, I'm not a pessimist at all. I, I do think, wait, So it's just, it's just apathy is is that what it's, I mean No, your, your, your TV shows are too entertaining. Oh, Okay. Exactly. It's all your fault. Not mine. Well, but Not mine. What are you excited for? What are you excited for the next five years? Sorry, Sean, did you No, that's okay.


I just had one question about another issue, but, but yeah, sorry Will right before that, but I do wanna get to that. I'm really passionate about this because of the fires that just happened because of the constant droughts in California. And we talked to Kamala Harris about this like three, four years ago when she was the senator in California is like, most of the earth is water. And so when there's a shortage of water, I'm like, how can we not figure out how to desalinate water? And people say it's too expensive. Well it's, it's more expensive to not figure it out. And so what are your thoughts about that? And do, do you have any kind of desire to be in that world? Yeah, so I'm, I'm very involved in that because, you know, I, we have to both do climate mitigation and climate adaptation and adaptation is a part of that's dealing with water shortages and, and yeah.


And more difficult weather. It takes a certain amount of energy to desalinate water. And, And so only by bringing the cost of energy down with things like solar or perhaps nuclear fission or fusion, then you get more water availability. 80% of water is used for agriculture, so you can afford to desalinate water for human consumption. You can't really afford to do it for agriculture. So you have to end up moving your farms to the places where there's enough water. You don't wanna pay to desalinate just to grow Unless you do, unless we figure out a way to do It.


Unless you do. Yes. But I Would and and people like, you know, sadly, Jason Mayman, who, you know obviously with his almond consumption has, has been destroying the planet. It's unbelievable the amount of water that goes. So every one of your precious element, you're right. That you, that you just carelessly stuff in your mouth. But, but Bill, what do you, what is the, I was gonna ask you about, you're excited about the next five years. What, what are we gonna do about, about energy new sources going forward? What, what can we do? Or is there, have we reached peak oil? What are we gonna do with fossil fuels? Can we, can we keep it going in this direction? What do you think about that? Well, I'm very hopeful that between expanding wind and solar and getting both types of nuclear, nuclear fission and fusion to get safer and cheaper, that even with all this demand for energy, like electric cars or electric heat pumps, AI data centers, that we'll be able to get ahead of that and still have cheap electricity even though we'll get rid of all of the, the terrible CO2 emissions.


Yeah. So we're, we are gonna have to transition away from coal and natural gas in the decades ahead. I mean that's, and that's gonna be a painful transition. I I imagine Not if we innovate the cost of these other things down, you know, electric cars are getting cheaper. Eventually you do get to the point where the substitute is as cheap as the dirty thing was. And in the long run, that's what we need to do so that we get global adoption of, of green approaches. Well, but but educate me if, if you would to, to the extent that, you know, I think, you know, if you get an electric car and you get all these people who like, who, who get them and they're great.


And then some people like to virtue signal with them and, and shame other people. But, but the components there, so many of the components that go into the car are, you know, petroleum base, whether it's the actual components themselves or traveling those cars to their destinations or across oceans and stuff. Right. You know, about all this. So it's all how, is there any way that we can mitigate all of those other things as well so that we're not relying on patrol for everything, You know? Absolutely. And, and we measure that, you know, anybody who buys an electric car, as you say, it's not zero emissions, but it is dramatically less than a, than a gasoline car.


Right. And that we're learning to make the batteries using less energy and less environmental things like new ways of finding lithium. And so the accounting on, okay, you know, how do we have the most environmentally clean car? We're doing a very good job tracking that. And, and consumers who help create demand for electric vehicles, they, they deserve a cer a little bit a sense of virtue because they're, the, the more we buy, the more the price goes down and the more We I I I agree. I was, I was, I was playing obviously, but, but I do agree. I do agree. Bill, what's the rest of your day look like? What, what, what what are your, are is your average day well, is firing The person who told them to do this Is your average day split 50 50 between sort of personal pleasure, silly stuff and, and also saving the world with the other half?


Or I'll bet, I bet the ratio is not 50 50, but do you get a little time to be stupid doing something and if so, what is it? I do. I, you know, my twenties I was monomaniacal and my work, but now, although I, I work, you know, 50 hours of work week and travel a lot, I play a fair bit of tennis. I play a lot of pickleball. Mm. I love reading, I love, you know, TV shows that you guys have have made that's super fun. A little bit of golf. No, I'm not, I'm not doing much golf, tennis. I, I like tennis and pickleball. 'cause slightly better exercise. Yeah, Sure, sure. Gotcha. What is the one thing that you know how to do that everyone would be kind of surprised about?


Do you have like a little hobby, like you a great like draw, do cook? Yeah. Like what are you a knitter? Like what, is there anything that's a sort of a sneaky little talent that, that, that, that people might be surprised about are like, are you a great whistler? You know? Yeah. That's pretty good. Nice. That qualifies On cue. On cue. Not bad. I'm, I'm good at sleeping on planes. Oh, that's a great talent. That is a great. Now are you a, are, are you a savory or a sweet person? Do you have a sweet tooth? Yeah, no, I, I try and not have too much peanut brittle around because I Would eat anything that's around.


So yeah. Wow. Sugar, sugar's a bad deal for me. Very dangerous Is my Well, it's good that you're not too distracted with silly things because we need you there on the stick, doing whatever you are doing and what you will continue to do. We hope So. Thank you so much for what you've done, what you're gonna do. And thank you for spending an hour with us. Yeah. Truly. It was fun. Thanks, you guys, Honor to meet you. What a what an absolute thrill. Thank you so much for your Time. Yeah, so cool. Thanks, Bill. Thank you, bill. All right. Thank you. Enjoy the rest of your day. Alright. Thank you, sir. See you buddy. Bye-bye. Super. Bye pal. I felt like I was a real blowhard today. I'm sorry. I don't, You Have a lot of opinions and they're good opinions. This, this Talk show. I felt very, I felt very blow heart.


I'm so sorry. I Apologize that No. Well, you know what? You get somebody like that on the show and you, you, You wanna like, you wanna talk About all this stuff that is complicated And I, Big stuff. I wanted to answer big Questions. That Being acro questions. I Get that. How Can we save it? Is there any way that we can change opinion in the world? Yeah, Yeah. Right. You know what I mean? Right, right. It's almost like everybody's look to your point, will, it's like everybody's looking for that guy who has all the answers. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, I wanted to ask him, like, people like that. Do you have perspective about being one of the people that changed the fucking World? No. I know Like, there's like 10, there's like 10 or 20 people like Einstein and him and like Steve Johns And he, he And I are like on a short list of people who Wait, wait, wait.


Back up, back up back. No, I'm saying what you're saying, dude, The number smiles at Will has created as opposed to Computers. No, I'm saying he And I. Yeah, dude, I'm making your point for you And I have changed. He's gotta like talk about like, you know, when you get to the end of your life and like, we've talked about it before, you know, did I use my years? Right. Like this guy. Yeah. I mean, I'm sure some people have issues with him like, like with everybody, but my goodness, the amount of effect he has set over this world And he is still doing It. I know, I know. He, The other thing that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm excited about, you know, is his book. He's got this new book coming out that's, that's, you know, about like how this all started for him, how his brain started going and how he got the, Was it Graphy?


Yes, I believe so. Yeah. It's called Source Code. It comes out February. Mm. But yeah, hopefully there's an audio, audio portion of it that I can listen to over and over again. Oh no, JB no. Yeah, I still don't get, I'm It's left to write to top to bottom right. You don't Know what you don't know where you're missing. I just had such a good read. I I oh God. You don't know what you guys, it would give you so many more references. You'd be so much more interesting. No wonder you're so bland. Yeah. You have nothing in there For reference. Did we stop recording or are we still rolling? No, We're still going. No, this is part of the show. Part of the show. This is the show source. Code is the book. Go out and read it because February all, all the profits are going to go to me, not his pocket. Something really good.


I should know this, but it's all, it's all for charity, so that's great. As, as most everything he does. Exactly. That's so cool. Source code. I also love the, I also love the work that I wanted to get more into the, Oh, Here we go. Jesus Christ. I wanna get more. You couldn't even fucking get No, I wanted to get into the biotechnology. The biotechnology The what? Why Sean? Into the, Because the bio technology Is exciting. Bio Bio Smart. Less Smart, less SmartLess is 100% organic.


And Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less.


Hello friends. Jason here. We are so excited. The SmartLess has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up no matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Hi, I am Sarah Silverman And I wanna invite you to Arena stage this February to see my semi autobiographical, semi-conscious, but fully enjoyable New musical, the bed wetter. It's a story about growing up different from everyone else. The insanity of family being a bed wetter and the dash of clinical depression. In other words, it's about the year I was 10, the bed wetter. February 4th to March 16th, only at arena stage. Visit arena stage.org for tickets today.