
Hey there, SmartLess listeners, Conan O'Brien here. Wanted to let you know I recently had your very own Jason Bateman on my podcast. Conan O'Brien needs a friend. We talked about Jason's roots as a child star, his breakout role on arrest development, and of course his fellow SmartLess co-host Sean and Will. Here's a little taste of what we got up to. You know, the question is, are you Conan O'Brien's friend if you aren't invited to his, to his Christmas party? And you know, there's so many hundreds we stranger out and hundreds of people. We've straightened this out. You don't, no, no. Thousands are invited to the Christmas party. I invite thousands and about 50 Come listen, we're gonna just 'cause this has been a thing. And then I went on smart list recently, you know, about you coming to the Christmas party and it was a thing for a while. You, you, you claim you weren't invited. But I was shocked that there was a Christmas party that, that a Christmas party had been going on for years. But you were, I think you were shocked that Christmas was celebrated. 'cause you're such a Grinch That Christmas had something to do with your Lord and Savior. Jesus Christ. I was like, Well, listen, the point is, you, you know, let's talk about smart lists. It's a juggernaut. You guys are a, It's pretty hard pivot. It's A real, I mean, that was a four wheel slide. Can I tell you something? Right. I just, I just broke my hip Pivoting. But no, the point I'm trying to make is of you three guys, you got Will Arnett, you got Sean, is it Hayes? Yeah, I think it's HAZE. Okay. And then you're Jason Bateman. Bateman. Okay. There's the three of you. And you are the one that I have trouble getting a beat on. I know. I gotta say, I know you're the one, you're squirrely, you're squirrely Bateman. I've always had a problem getting a beat on you. A huge fan of yours. I adore you. But I can't get a beat on the guy. I can't Because you can sense that I'm not sure why I am there. Yes. And I don't really, I'm not really sure if I, why I don't get it. I don't understand why people listen to it. I, I get that Will and Sean are appealing fellas. That's why they're two of my best friends. And we're not doing anything more than just the DRL that happens when we're in a car together or at a dinner or how, I just don't think that that's monetizable. Right. That you should ask for people's attention to listen to that. Yep. That you, I, first of all, you can monetize. I agree with it about your podcast. I agree. 'cause I've checked it out and I'm, I'm like, I can't believe that this is something people, I mean this what we're doing here. You've got a full, you've got an array of talent here and you've, Hold on a second, put my glasses on. Even disagree with that. You've done some prep, right? I can see questions there. No, no. This is your medical history. Oh, this Is your medical history. You've got a handsome studio. You've got cameras around. Yeah. This is very professional. Yeah. Also, we're on a zoom also. Can I just point out, I've been interviewing people around the clock since 1993. I'm a seasoned professional Exactly what Muhammad Ali was to boxing. I am to interviewing. We can cut All this out. Yeah. Well, you need lifts. But you Yeah. You guys with this, you know, anette, But, but in, in, yes. But So I agree With you At least Will, at least Will has just sharp dagger humor. He's got a darkness that's fun to follow. Yes. A voice that's not bad to listen to. No, I buy whatever truck he's selling. Right? Yeah. I mean, as long as it's professional grade. Yeah. He's, he's, And he's got, he's got an opinion and he will let you know it. Yep. Sean P. Hayes is sure is, is just pure sunshine and, and is curious and is warm. And I don't, I don't, I'm trying to find the lane that I'm supposed to be in, which is the, the, the area in between those two, which I guess is just sort of listening and asking questions that I think the normal guy wants to know. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And so I'm, I feel I'm easily replaceable. Yes. Yes. I was gonna say the same thing. I was gonna say, I'm glad you said it. I'll Beat you two It. No, no, I, you know, I think you could come, you could go right, you know, whatever, which Is kinda what I do in whatever the hell I do on camera too. I'm trying to just kind of be us To hear the rest of the episode as well as other great conversations I've had with folks like Amy Poer, Adam Scott, Ben Stiller, and more. Check out. Conan O'Brien needs a friend. Wherever you get your podcasts.