
First words, then phrases. And you're on your way to make, making con, making conversation this holiday season. Share a new language with your loved ones. A lifetime membership to Rosetta Stone makes a meaningful present for friends and family. Scotty used to speak German a long time ago when he was a kid, and he's always said like, I really wanna learn that again, because he used to live in Stut Guard, Germany when he was in high school or something like that. I should ask him, but he does wanna learn German again, so I can't wait to gift him a membership. Start learning today with Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership holiday special. Visit rosetta stone.com/ SmartLess for unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Available for a short time@rosettastone.com slash SmartLess.


The new Sonic Queso Smasher is now available and you're gonna want to try this. They took the Sonic Smasher you love and added the new creamy queso in hand. Smashed patties made to order the Sonic Queso. Smasher is the perfect combination of Angus patties, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or triple the new Sonic queso smasher Live Free Eat Sonic.


This podcast is supported by the new film Amelia Perez, Zoe Saldana, Carlos Sophia Gascon, and Selena Gomez, star and director Jacques ards audacious genre defying cinematic achievement. It's an electrifying odyssey that boasts tour de force performances, liberating song and dance, and bold visuals. Vanity Fair raves. There is no other movie like Amelia Perez, A thrilling reminder of the limitless potential of this medium. And now awards watch declares. It's the best picture of the year. Amelia Perez now playing in select theaters and on Netflix.


All right, so we are having a, a cold open contest right here. Yeah, we're trying to create the, the world's worst cold open. I, I think this might be it. Well, not yet. I'm just teeing it up. Will, would you like to start? The world's worst cold open. Hey man, it's freezing in here. Who left the door open? That's Good. Pretty good. That's good. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart. Less smart. Less smart less.


It feels like we haven't done this for quite a while. It does. I miss, I miss you guys, didn't we? We canceled a record last week, I think. Yes. We had to. So it's been a been a couple weeks, is that Right? We did. It's Been, it is been a few weeks. Well, we saw each other Saturday. We Did. Yeah, We Did. But we haven't done this, This, we haven't done this in a quite a while. We haven't. Jay, how's your Stuy by the way? Jason's got a big sty in his right eye. It's, It's disgusting. So are We going wide on this? I guess I can lean in into, I guess we are Screen camera here is a little, You know what? It actually looks it, is it better? It Does look better. I started an antibiotic last night, so that's supposed to already in, in the Yeah, I get, I know. I dunno.


What do You want? You wanted to wait two weeks just to make sure It's all about trying to find the right doctor. Yeah. So anyway, so I think I'm with the right one now and this what is now a ball bearing of pus that will not release from my eyelid, I think is gonna start to lessen. And I love that disappear. So you found a full release doctor? I did, yeah. And insurance covered it all. It's So stupid. Okay. It's a Small copay, but I feel Like the term doctor might be pretty loosely applied. Jay, I'm not. Jason, I'm not even kidding. Will you please, will you please video this? There is not coming out. I asked him to drain me yesterday and Hang on, Hang on again. This is the doctor.


Can I get the number because I feel like we're getting our signals. Yeah. He said No, just take this pill And you should be okay in soon. So good. I hope so. Standby. I hope so. I hope so. Until then, I'm gonna wear these glasses so people don't really see it, Which is different. 'cause Sean, you told me once that a guy gave you a pill and then he drained you. Is that true? All for pretty affordable copay. You Woke up Yes. And you had woke up And you had been drained. Yeah, But I willing, I I But I willingly took the pill. I Know you did, by the way. Speaking of stuff, I'm making this up yesterday. Yeah, I was, somehow I got in this subject. Oh, I was talking about this Saturday too. I, I YouTubed childbirth. I've never seen a child. What's, What's matter with You?


I don't know. I kind of wanted to just see it. Hang On. How does your day, how does your day kind of like, kind of lay out where you find yourself on a YouTube search? Yeah. And then specifically for childbirth? Yeah, because I was talking to my friend Kevin about it, and Carrie and she And I don't, we just, And Carrie friends of the podcast. Yeah, That's correct. And all of us and Yeah. So yeah. But, but they, I don't know. We got on the subject of childbirth. Oh. Because a friend of mine, because a friend of mine, a friend of ours just had a baby and Chris Pratt and Catherine Schwartz Schwarzenegger had a baby boy Yes. Named Ford. Yes. Congrats to them. Wait, Do we need we need to wait. We need to send a gift. Yeah, we gotta send them something. Do you think they're registered some SmartLess swag? No, I, I'll put my name on it.


I'll put your name's on it. I, I sent something, but I'll put your names on it. Thanks. So you saw the childbirth in And you think, What was your No, so I was talking to people about child And I was like, wow. I mean, I had no, it Comes outta there. I had no idea that to watch it actually being to come out and the, And the head comes out all elongated. Yes. Yes. And the whole body comes out. First time I saw it, I thought something was wrong. I was there, I was there for the birth of all three of my boys. Oh, Wow. What a dad. And, And they were All three. They were all, all three were were cesarean C-sections, which Was really, that's tough to watch It. That's what that was my point.


You Emp empty out the whole market there, dude. And I'm like, and I'm like, yeah, it's gonna be fun. I remember the first time being like, it's gonna be fun. And then looking and just going, oh, Stomach, intestine, spleen, liver, everything on the table. By the way, you know what a platinum gay is a, a baby that comes out who turns out to be gay, who never even went through the canal, had a, had a C-section. So not only has never Once Touched, looked At it or been through It as a, As a platinum gay. Wait, That's a real term. Platinum Gay means your mom had a mom had a c-section. Is that a whole section on Grindr? Is that like a different, All right. And with that, we'll get to our guest. Okay guys, How is that possible?


Guys? We rarely have members of the military on the show. Even more rare are members of the British military. Today we have a commander of the Royal Navy. All right. But this is not just a soldier. His interests include rugby, Churchill Clearing. I'm gonna have to start over now. You know, I don't like to be interrupted during my, I spent a long time writing these Christ Guys. We rarely have members of the military on the show, even more rare members of the British military. Today we have a commander of the Royal Navy, but this is not just a soldier. His interest include rugby clearing, minefield, Shakespeare, Liverpool soccer will, solving mysteries and shaking martinis.


Guys, What? It's Daniel Craig. No Way. Woo. Yep, yep, yep. Oh my God. I wanted to meet you for so long. Right there. So Cool. Well, here we go. Will Take it Easy. Well, I know I didn't know that you were a, a Liverpool supporter. This is great news. You would've covered that before when you guys met. Yeah. Yeah. I would've Wait, Daniel, I think I know what hotel your room you're in. You've been in this hotel room, you're At the Four Seasons Los Angeles. How'd You guess, is That true? Because you're on a junket, right? You on A junket? Yeah. I've I've been coming to this hotel for like 35 years. I Realized Same. We walked into doing the same Room.


Daniel, did they make that jacket in men's or, Hey Sean. Wow. This We're the first minute we're Off. Good. Excellent. I actually love it. I actually love It. Wait, de Sean? No, No, no. I actually really like The check. Sean, do you know Daniel as well? I don't, I've never met you obviously. I massive Fan. It doesn't seem like It massive. No, very. I'm a massive, massive fan. Massive Fan. Yeah. Okay. And will you have met Mr. Craig? We have met, we hung out. We had, we watched the Super Bowl together, right, Daniel? Yes, We Did. That's right. And We had, and then we went Out. Did we then end up in the Chateau or did we? Yes. Oh yeah. Is that, where was that after?


I can't remember. That's two separate incidents. But there's probably the same. No, it Was the Same night. There's a lot of alcohol. I know that. Yeah. We ended up in Chateau with Krasinski and Sean Penn. Yes. That's, I know, boy, I Can, I'm drunk already, so Fucking Hollywood. It's just, it Was a, it was very Hollywood, it sounds like a bit, but it's actually, that was a, that was a long, long time ago. It's a great group to drink with. Where was I? Dammit. In a facility. I was probably at a facility somewhere figuring stuff out. It was, Yeah. I think it was Family weekend at Betty Ford. Now Sean, we're gonna get Sean, we're gonna get to the time when Daniel was a storm trooper in Star Wars.


We're gonna get to that. No way. I know exactly which one he was. How about that? Come on. Truly. I, of course I do. So this is not something that I just discovered on Wikipedia. No. It's the one where he says, where she does plays the mind trick. And you, you'll walk away and drop your weapon. I will walk away and drop my weapon. You dropped your weapon And you walked outta the scene. It's True, it's true. You spoke. I, I, well, I didn't want to, But I, I was, I just said, you know, dub me Christ's sake. Don't, I don't need, but then I had, But that's a bump. You know, you speak as a storm trooper. That, that's a, that's a bump into principal. Do you think I got one? Yeah, I, yeah, They didn't even give the, they didn't even gimme the uniform. The only thing I wanted was the uniform was like, gimme the, gimme the helmet. At least. How did that come about?


What do you, were you visiting on the set And they said, here's an extra I was, we were about to start. I don't know which bond it was. You lose track. It Was the last one Lose. It Was the last one. No, no, it wasn't. No, it was, it was way before. It was, it must have been Specter. I, I, I, I, because I was, and we were prepping And I knew the guys who I knew all the crew, the, the, the adsd who worked on, on, on. And I sort of like said, You drifted over to the stage. I sort of drifted over. Really? And I kind of went, oh, come on. Put me uniform. Yeah. I love That. I Come on. Truly. Is that, is that the way that it went? It went exactly. And they went, I was half joking, thinking they were just gonna tell me where to get Off. But I, how long of a day was that? Too fucking long.


You know, that kind of regret of like sort of thing. Oh no. I'll be an extra. Oh yeah, it's great. Oh, how many hours were You, I'm gonna sit in the back of short four. This is like, they were very good. They were great. I do remember when, because you know, those, the suits are, I mean, they're basically hard plastic and kind of, you know. Yeah. They're not comfortable. I mean, God, how, God knows how they wore them out in the desert when they do those. But I only remember that it sort of was a little bit big for me and it sort of rested on my thumb and my thumb was numb for three days afterwards. Yeah. 'cause like, And I was like, the price I pay And I didn't get a bump. Right. So it was No bump, no helmet, no nothing, Nothing. You, you gotta bump at the chateau.


Sean. Sean wants to know, did you meet the mayor of Taine Fucking Grow up Sean. I would. I Would kill. I would kill. He's gonna double back to this. I know it. Alright. Right now. Oh My God. Daniel, where to start? Do you have all the questions? I've got so many. Yeah. And these two just fuck with you and stop you answering the questions. That's The way it goes on this. This is the way it goes. Yeah. You'll Be lucky. Speak What happens? What happens when like the i the reveal and the other two go? Oh fuck. That must happen. Sure It does.


Yes. It's happened. Not out loud. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Right now let's just, can Wem gonna qualify this by saying, that's really funny. I'll bet. I'm gonna ask you some questions that you've answered a thousand times, And I want you to be patient with us because I'll, we're dumb people that aren't fully researched. We're not journalists. We're terrible Interviewers Gonna come at you with just dumb questions. Okay. Well, How do I, why do I feel like kind of I'm being hustled here. Yeah. Welcome to SmartLess. Now what about, I, can we, can we start at, can we start at the beginning? Sure. All right. All right. So you're in Liverpool, All right? Yes.


And By the way, you gotta see Daniel picture The scene. Okay. So it's gray, It's pissing with rain. Now, was there, was there an, was there an influence there, mom or dad? Mom. Mom. Mom was A, an art Art teacher. Art teacher, thank you. Oh, wow. That's cool. And so she, she sort of exposed you to the arts a little bit. She took you to movies or to plays or whatnot. How did the spark start? Plays were the thing, there was a, there was a theater in Liverpool at the time. The sub still is called the Everyone Theater, which was a really, was kind of a hotbed of, of, of talent, as they say. And Yeah. And at the time in the seventies. And, but her friends were, had been at Liverpool Art College, and a lot of them had gone into the theater stage design and things.


And they were, those were her kind of friends. She was a single mom. Yeah. And we used to kind of end up going there most nights to the theater just to sort of hang out. There was a kind of, you know, they had a bistro there that, that's so cool. Food. And it was a subsidized theater. And they did this thing where it's like a, you know, there was a pound, a ticket that, you know, it is like, it was, the whole thing was supposed to be so everybody could afford to go. And they, And they made, they did some off the charts place, but it meant that I spent sort of, you know, evenings backstage at the theater and Right. And you early That'll do it to you. Right. Yeah. Well, that's where all the fun happened. Yeah. And this is something that mom really likes. It seems pretty cool. And, and, and on and on and on.


Right. And, you know, actors kind of like, you know, coming, you know, meet actors afterwards of seeing them. And I thought they were, I thought they were gods and then I just realized they were drunk. Yeah. They were, they were drunk but's Necessary. Necessary. Completely. But, but they were drunk. But, but at the same time, at that age, at that age, if you, if you're quite young and you're an adolescent, you're a teenager, whatever it is, when you're exposed to that kind of thing, thing in that kind of world, It does give you that perspective that other kids your age don't have. And you Right. Because you're spending a lot of time with adults who are talented, who are creative. Right. And it kind, when, when you get that fire kind of sparked at that age. Yeah. I think it's pretty cool. And also, yeah, I mean, I definitely, and it, And I mean, it really did.


It went in, that's what I wanted to do from, I mean, that's all I wanted to do. But it also gave me this, something you're watching the way a theater works and the way that professionals work and all that. It also kind of went, oh, this is a job as well. You could see it's kind of a couple of things. You know, lots of things happened. But that, when, When was the first time you thought, oh, that this is something that I might not embarrass myself doing? When did, when was the first time you thought, I, I might, I might, hasn't Happened. What are you talking about? Second. Second Bond film. Second bond film. The Drinking component helps with that. I still Feel like I'm embarrassing myself. Well, But I mean, but but like, was there, was it a school play where you're like, oh, I don't suck at this, or I'm getting a couple of pats on the back? I got roped into a school play.


I mean, I kind of did one of those things where I think I kind of had a couple of days off or whatever. I got the mumps or something, I don't know. Yeah. And I came back and I'd been cast in the school play, and it was like, oh, what, What? Do you remember what it was? It Was Oliver. Yeah. And I was like, oh wow. Oh wow. It was Mr. I wasn't Oliver. Sadly, I was Mr. Salibury, which is the part that's not in the movie that kind of was in the musical and got, you know, for, for good reason, got written out the mu of the, of the movie, you know. Was it Spicy character though? Or was he just, he's an undertaker. You gotta Pick a pocket or two, right? You gotta didn't I didn't do that. No. Sadly. Yeah, I know you got a pick pocket it two. That's right. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's a credo you live by, Right? So, so you do that, you get a co you, you get a couple of attaboys, a couple of pats on the back, and you're like, All right, well I'm gonna lean into this a little bit.


And you started maybe a little bit more sort of like, well, I dunno About you guys. I mean, you must have all done a school play at some point. It's just that kind of a mass hysteria thing. Yeah. That kind happens. It's, which is, I, I mean I, you know, like my kids do school plays. I love that kind of, just like the level of like, Oh my God. Yeah. Which is like, it's kind of, it stays with you. It kind of, you get it. That's so I got, I got asked to be in the school play, and I think it was be, I'm quite sure never con totally confirmed, quite sure it was because I was such a loud mouth pain in the ass. No, what? No, no. If you can believe it. And, And they, And they were like, fuck, how do we do can, is there somewhere we can find like either a room that's make A Tree soundproof or somewhere we can take that fucking energy that's driving everybody Crazy, By the way, By the, And they HMS Pina.


And I was like, okay, yeah, That's it. I mean, Will the same thing, the same thing. People were like, God, you're fucking loud and annoying and Yeah. And yeah. And I, I did Shakespeare 12 Shakespeare's 12th night. Wow. And I was Sir Andrew agu cheek. I had no idea what I was saying. And one until I got in front of the audience, then it kind of clicked. And every word I, every line that was a comedy line got a laugh. And I was like, that's it. Is that, what is that? What is that about? Yeah. That's Crazy. And you started feeling That. Yeah. The ultimate drug you want talk about I like, yes. I'm like, fuck you. This loud mouth's gonna keep going. No, Daniel, you are very, very funny. Like, you know, the, the, the, the, the knives out.


No, the knives out stuff was like, Someone says, you are very, very, very funny. I can like, am I? No, but It's, well, But maybe it's because people weren't expecting, because you've done so much incredible Dr. Dramatic work. It's so moody for the, for 15. Well, Yeah, I mean, you know, we do, we do what we get, you know, but like, now are you starting to pursue, raise your Hand, get more scripts that are more comedic, and is that something that is exciting to you? Please say Yes. I mean, I never Yes, okay. Yes. Yes. If you, I can, why don't you give me the questions and I'll just, Oh, no, he likes What, what the answer I do build the answer into the question. The answer is always built in. And so then, then he likes to, he likes to bring the, the, the, the guest into the inevitable.


Really interesting. Yes or no At the End. Is that how we go out on this? I can't wait. 50 questions. Yes or no? It's easy. What was the, do you wanna do more comedy? Yes. I don't listen. I, you, you, you know, I I, it would be like I had a plan. Right, Right. Yeah. Yeah. Right. I mean, I'm making this up as I go along, so I Don't know about that. But I mean, seriously, I, I, you know, it's like they come, if they come along, sure. But I'm kind of going out and looking for something funny. It's also, you know, I know how kind of that's a dangerous thing to do. I mean, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, yeah, the first night out, I, I read the script And I laughed out loud And I went, Yeah, I love that movie.


You So great. So that was like an easy, easy pick. And then, you know, Ryan's, you know, one of the most talented writers there are. I love Yeah, I love that. You know, he, he just kind of keeps going and that keeps getting at it and keeps getting into it. And this next ones gonna be different. And, you know, we've kind of gone, I mean, it's not come, it's not wildly different, but it's gonna be definitely kind of get a different tone to it. Oh wait, there's A third, there's, you're There's a third one we shot at the summit. It's called Wake Up de Oh, wow. Yeah. Wow. It's plugging the movie. Yeah, yeah. No, no, please. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Right. But I mean, you know, you say that there's no that, that like, that you have some sort of a plan or something. But I would guess that somebody who is approached for something as iconic as Bond and the kind of intelligence that you have, you probably had some thoughts and some talks with some people about, okay, if I did this, I've got, I've gotta do this, but if I did this, what, what I would need to kind of have a plan to how to occupy myself in between those movies and what to do afterwards.


And so, you know, which I just fucked up. I don't think so. I don't think so. I think it's kind of perfect. And we're gonna get to Queer Soon, which by the way, was a perfect balance, by the Way. You didn't need to plan for anything. Oh, I guess we're gonna get to him right now. Go ahead. There's our clip. Go ahead, Sean. No, I was Gonna say, You didn't need to plan because those movies were fucking exhausting, I'm sure. Like Yeah. Didn't You? And You need to recover. And like, I, I, I think there was a, a feeling when I first started that because I'd had exactly what you said, those conversations. And I talked about it to everybody I knew and all my family and all of those things about what does it mean?


Of course, I've gotta do it, I've gotta do this. But what does it mean? Yeah. I mean, it's gonna, you know, it's how it's gonna affect my life and all those things. And, and, and, and there was a sort of, I suppose an instinct in me to sort of want to go, okay, I'm doing Bond now. I've gotta do other stuff as well to kind of counterbalance this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's just like, fucking ridiculous. Yeah, yeah. It's like, I need, I'm gonna, I need to take a nap. I was fucking exhausted. I was like, so as much as the moves I did in between, I'm kind of like proud of and all of those things, I, I stopped. I just went, let's do this. If I'm doing this, just do this. Just do this. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I don't, I don't have the head space. I don't have the, I mean, I'm Gonna say something that's gonna be, it's not controversial, But I know because the Bond fans in the bond world, it's, is so those fans are so vocal and, and, And, you know, dedicated, et cetera.


But I will say that for me, And I loved all, all the prior bonds. They were, everybody was great. So this is by no means an admonishment of what they had done, but for you were the first bond who was like a real like Hop real Hot piece of man's man. Yeah. Hot piece of As. Yeah. And was tough. You were tough is Controversial. Where's it getting controversial? Yeah, Exactly. Well, no, but you came And you were, you were tough. And, and because I think that people would go like, how dare you, blah, blah. But you came out And you were like this tough, like you were like a real modern bond in a way that I thought was really, really refreshing. I, I loved your bond films, dude. Thank you. I Absolutely did.


Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. And we will be right back.


You know, listen, there are, sometimes there's some good surprises. Sometimes there's some bad surprises. But no matter what a surprise will make you perspire. You know? And when you perspire, you're gonna need to rehydrate. So there's gonna be a lot of surprises coming up in the next few weeks during the holidays. Do you see what I'm saying? Where I'm going with this? You gotta stay hydrated. All right. And what better way to stay hydrated than with Liquid iv? You know, liquid IV can help you keep feeling your best through the holidays. Tear poor, live more. One stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone, powered by LIV Hydroscience. An optimized ratio of electrolytes, essential vitamins, and clinically tested nutrients that turn ordinary water into extraordinary hydration. Find all your favorite hydration multiplier flavors on their website from acai berry and lemon lime to pina colada. Or choose from their line of sugar free flavors like raspberry melon, white peach, and green grape. I really like the sugar free stuff. Sugar doesn't really agree with me. So the fact that they've got these sugar free flavors is pretty fantastic. And I'm a big white peach guy. Stay hydrated through the holidays with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


You know, guys, life is full of reasons to celebrate, right? Like saying yes to your new home, getting the keys to the dream car, or finally taking that vacation you deserve with the State Farm personal price Plan. You can keep celebrating when you create an affordable price just for you by bundling home and auto. So bring out the confetti and break out those happy dance moves. Bundling just another way to save with the personal price plan. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based in rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


You know, those things that take a long time to do, like counting all the pennies in your penny jar, right? It takes me so long, I just like to do it though. What about putting together a piece of office furniture? Huh? That takes a while, surprisingly, a long amount of time. How about growing a plant? You know, I just stare at plants and it just takes so long for them to grow. Lemme tell you what I'm talking about. If you're an employer, you can add hiring to that list of things that take a long time to do, right? But now there's hope. Thanks to ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates fast. And today you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast is ZipRecruiter Smart technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. Let ZipRecruiter find top talent for your roles in no time at all. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And if you go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess right now, you can try it for free. That's the same price as laughing so hard that your sights hurt or getting a compliment from a random stranger. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


And now back to the show. My question is, when you were doing the very first one, which I've seen a billion times, I've seen all of them a billion times. I literally could do like dialogue from it. I know I've Okay. Frame. Give it to me. Stop. Stop. What is he? What did you say? Oh, take your, take your hand away from your ear. Anyway, that was the first one. Anyway. Great, Sean, so thank you. Thank you. Question. But wait, at what point? That would've been the line I remembered too. Go ahead. I just, I literally just said it yesterday, but wait, get to the choppas, right? It's up there with that.


But wait, Daniel, at what point when you were making that movie, Sorry, I think my phone's ringing. No, that kicked off the whole chase. Get your hand in here. Anyway, so when you were doing that movie, at what point in the middle of the movie where you're like, oh God, I bit off more than I could chew, this is really hard. Mm. Like, I don't know if I'm gonna make it. Or were you like, oh, this is awesome, I can do this. All the stunts, all the bullshit multiple that you had, that you put your body through. I mean, I don't, I was, I was sort of younger And I, and, and I'm way too gung-ho. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was just, you know, I mean, I kind of threw myself there were like, you know, the stuff guys were kind of saying, you know, do you want do Yeah, I'll do it.


Yeah. I was like, and then Tom were like, Yik. Yeah, I know. And, but I had all this stuff going on. I mean, we were, we, we were started shooting in Prague, in studios there, and then we moved to The Bahamas. And then my agent, which, you know, it was very nice, but then my agent sort of phoned me up and said, you might wanna look at the internet and the internet just, just sort of blown up and done this like Fuck Him kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. Which was like, you know, I remember that, which was kind of like, And I kind of looked at it all and as like, you know, when the naive days when I used to do stuff like that, like, oh, I'm gonna look at all and go down that rabbit hole. Yeah. And just chased it all night long and was like, Oh my God, that's really intense.


And I kind of, it, I then sort of just had this sort of like real, I sort of, I don't know, I just sort of went, Well, It's fuck all I can do about that. There's nothing I can do. And we are here And I know the script's good, and let's have a good time. And if, if it's a swing and a miss, great. If it's my last one, I'll walk away knowing that I did the best I could. I mean, it kind of lit. I mean, it sounds easy to say now, no for, but it just, it was like, it just, I was like, let's get on with this. Let's do it. I, I, I just, you know. And do you think, do you think that's, that sort of, that trial by fire of, of being, because Bond again is so iconic and, and by being put in the brightest of spotlights and, and being scrutinized so much sort of on social media or whatever it is online, do you think that that was a, did you, were you able to carry those lessons on sort of post bond and in your normal, so as you, 'cause we, we talk about it sometimes about what's the reaction to what people say in social media and everybody's got a voice and stuff and everybody kind of puts it in a different place or deals with it differently.


How, how does it affect your life, do you think about it? I mean, I, I mean, I think the fame thing, I mean, I just had a complete nervous breakdown after it came out and sort of didn't leave the house for six months. But it was that Really, Really, I mean kind. I mean, I exaggerate, But I kind of, it was a bit like that. I just got like, oh my, I mean, it was like, well, It's a level of fame and recognizability that is not something that one deals with quickly and easily imagine. Well, imagine. Who did you talk to about it? I mean, I suppose to go, can I, I'm gonna phone up someone really, really famous. I mean, it's like, I mean, I, I I, you know, I I don't know what you say. Yeah. Or if you talked with a butcher or your friend or somebody who's not working and they're like, oh boo. Who your James Bond. Right. Right. Exactly. Exactly. Right. So where does, where does that healthy level of indifference come from about whether it works or not?


And I'm gonna still just be me and if it doesn't, or this fame stuff, like, was was your, did did, did mom give you a good head on your shoulders or was it sort of, were you kind of self-taught? I think there's a, there's a, I've just got a very, you know, down to earth family who Right. Do not shy away from telling me what, you know, a low life I am. Yeah. You know, I mean, it's like, and that, that really helps. And just, yeah. Coming, I don't know, I'm from the north of England. A more kind of like, sort of practical sort of like, I, I pragmatic way of looking at life. Maybe I also got into that thing of, you know, very early on, I mean, there's so much I did, I, I went to drama school and there's that terrible thing of drama school is that like 90% of the year don't get to work.


It's like, it's like that's the attrition rate. And you go into the business, there wasn't social media, so there wasn't another outlet to try and become famous. It was just like, you know, you got a job or you didn't get a job. And mostly, mostly people didn't get a job. And I know that somebody gave me a great bit of advice very early on while at drama school, a great director who just said, don't ever, ever, ever get bitter. Don't get, you know, because bitterness is just the thing that it'll just eat you up. 'cause there's always somebody gonna get the job or over you. There's always somebody gonna, you know, and if you kind of look at, look only, look at like, know other people in the business with jealousy, then, then you'll kind of, that, that's, that'll define you.


And it doesn't matter if you then get success, you'll still kind of, you And I get jealous all the time. Jealous of every fucking actor out there Yeah. Who gets a job that I'd like, But I kind of, I'm, I admit to it. Right. Right. But but that's good. We had the, i we had this same, we to talk about it all the time. I remember this sort of years ago when, when people would start to work and as you say, most of the time, most of us were not working and somebody would get a good job and whatever. And I always stayed friends with my, we sort of cultivated it, the people Who were working. Yeah. People were No, They'll always get dinner. Yeah. Well it was, but it was also like we, we, we genuinely rooted for each other. Yeah. And anybody, and sometimes there would be somebody who would come in the group who was, you could tell, was keeping score.


No. And I, and then you would just weed them out and you'd weed them out And you'd be like, I'm not here. I can't be friends with people who are keeping score. Right. I just can't agree there's enough for everybody. Yeah. Yeah. And, and if you're not in the mindset of rooting people on Yeah. Then like you say you're bitter and then fuck. Then you're fucked. You're Fucked. You Fucked. I, that's why I thought, I just read something recently where you said, And I made me laugh out loud when somebody asked you, who do you think you should pass the torch onto for James Bond? And you said, I don't care. Not my business. Like, It's like JB that is sexy indifference. Yeah. Somebody else's fucking problem. Oh, That's so great. That made me laugh out loud.


So, so then, so then coming up and starting to do some jobs and, and kind of starting to make a living a little bit from it perhaps. Were there, were there some other, I'm sure that there were some other jobs that you were doing to kind of pay the bills There. Actually really, I mean, I, I'd left home at 16. Yeah. I went and joined a thing called the National Youth Theater in London. So I left Liverpool. Liverpool was like early eighties as depressed as, I mean so much ni it's come up now and it's doing, the city's doing great, which is just wonderful. But at the time it was seriously depressed. Mm. We had a sort of Trotskyite local council that was hated by Thatcher, who, who she starved money. I mean, it was like, the whole thing was just like, employment was like, I can't even like 35% or 36, but it was, it was through the roof, whatever it was.


And there was not a lot of job prospects. And I was, I was playing with the idea of joining the Navy. I was playing with the idea, you know, I was doing all those things going well, what do I do? What the fuck At plan B? There nothing to Do. And there was a thing called the National Youth Theater, and it did a summer course. And my mother was a teacher and it was on the board at her school. And she went this, And I went and auditioned for it in Manchester. I got in and she'd sort of kicked me out the door and she went, you gotta go. You gotta go, go, go, go. Wow. And, and it was partly her ambition because actually she'd got into Radda Oh, wow. Which is, you know, the, the kind of top the top sort of drama school certainly of, of those years when she was 17, 18. And yeah. There was no money to go that there was this, you know, there was like, because there was, you know, she didn't, the family just didn't have the money, so.


Right. She didn't tell me that till about 10 years ago actually. Oh, wow. Wow. So she, but that, her ambition for me was just to get going. Get there. Wow. She must have been absolutely thrilled with your, your success and, and yeah. The arc of your success too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think so. Yes. Yeah. That's, that's awesome. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome, awesome. And you, and, and also, and when you say the arc too, 'cause you, you earned it as well. Like, you know, you really, oh, She Mom, look At that. We already, we already tipped her. By the way, don't We got this, we got that listener. He just had some food delivered. I gotta have a bite of this. I'm sorry. Go Ahead. We Go. Nice. So this a perfect time for me with a long-winded question here.


So you can choose Now, let's see, were there, there weren't any, well you tell me, were there huge influences or a particular one coming out of England? You were like, if I were to get some traction on this career, that is kind of the path I'd like to be on. Was it somebody in England or was it, was it somebody in America? Was it, was it, was it always acting? Was it directing The, the theater thing was the kicker, which that was definitely the kind of thing that got me. Just, that's what I want to do. Yeah. And I had some weird thing that I can do that, which is Right. Right. But, you know, it's just 'cause I was a show off. Right. Dressing up. So it like, And I still do. Yeah. So like, you know, I mean, I mean, so but John Gil Good.


Something like that. No, yes. I mean, You know, Albert Finney, I mean definitely that generation. Yeah. Albert Finney's generation and those guys. I mean, it just, that whole, you know, the, I suppose the called the, the angry, angry young men, didn't they? Then you worked with Gaon, right? I did, Yeah. Oh my God. Lucky man. I mean, I'm really, I mean, just a dream Yeah. Of a human being. And I, and, and one of the greatest actors ever. Yeah. It was film really. And that was, we had a little cinema in the town I grew up in, which was, you know, a Felipe proper kind of just like a one screen. And all the movies at the time would do the kind of rounds of the country where they'd go to the big screens and things like that.


And then by the time we got them, the movie had been out for like a month and a half. Right. And, and, and the Prince would, I remember the Prince were just terrible. And they were kinda like, but but they just, they put films on in rotation. Yeah. I mean, from Stripes to Quest for Fire Yeah. To, you know, I mean Blade Runner, I remember seeing in the cinema on my own Yeah. With a kind of an orange juice. And this film came And I had no, I had no idea. It was like blind. I was in there seeing a double bill. It was one, it was a Sean Connery, a space movie called Outland or something. Sure. Oh Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Does that make sense? That doesn't make, that was on, which is pretty great. 'cause it's a cowboy movie in space. Yeah. And then I kind of went and got a, you know, a a a drink and came back and sat down on my own and Blade Well had started and it was just like, oh wow.


I was like, and and that Was Harrison Ford a bit of a North Star for you? Well, it was the movie itself. It was the whole thing. Yeah. I mean, I mean sure he is Of course. Yeah. But, but the, the movie itself and the kind of, the fact that movies could look like that feel like that and do that to you Right. Was just like the thing I I I did, I'd never kind of experienced it. And it felt like a movie that I discovered that I was, and it was nothing to do with the Gun with the Wind or the kind of the, the, the, the, the the, it's a Wonderful Life stuff that we, all the Bond movies even it was fantasy. Yeah. I, that was part of, But ultimately kind of intangible though. Right. I would imagine there you are sitting in this theater, in this small town, you're like, well I I'm, I'm never gonna make it to Hollywood.


I'm never gonna be up on That's a million miles away. I was an arrogant little bitch. You actually thought, yeah, there is a shot, there's a shot. If I play my cards right, if I think this, I Don't know. I mean, I it's, it, it's hindsight isn't it? That sort of says it, but there was something about You thought it was possible, which is the key, right? I think So. It like why can't, well, but you also got accolades when you were doing theater enough to know that you had something to offer. It Was, it was the thing that happened. I kinda left drama school And I went and did, I went and did a John g Ston movie called The Power of One with Stephen Dorf. I love Steve Scored by Han Zimmer. I mean, amazingly. Wow. And he's amazing. Really kind of weird. I mean, not a weird movie, just a kind of movie of of its era.


Yeah. Playing The Bad Guy and kind of, it was just this sort of event that happened. But it was a movie And I then came out And I didn't work for a lot, did some theater and then started getting TV roles Yeah. Little guest roles Right. And things like that. And suddenly then I got kind of a lead in a, in a TV role and suddenly the money started. It wasn't great, but it was like, whoa, this is like, this is like kind of life changing money in the sense I might be able to afford a house soon. This is all kind of still living in England, still li still living in England. I'd gone to LA after the Power of One and, and it was like 1991 and arriving here. Wow.


It was like, it was like a, I mean, well it, well it kind of and kind of not totally because I was so, like green and naive, I landed in this town. I didn't have a driver's license and have a credit card. You know, they check me into the Universal Sheraton, which is Yeah. I realize now is an island. Yes. You need a car to get off it. I mean it like totally. I mean it was, And I kinda went to the front desk And they said credit card And they went And they were like, they were looking at me like a, so I had to embarrassingly call up Warner Brothers and get 'em to put some money down on the desk and do all these things and Wow. And then Jti Alston very nicely was sort of pushing me slightly. 'cause he like, you kid, this kid's got it. This kid's got it.


He was pushing me slightly. So I went up for auditions And I, in the movie I was playing, you know, a Nazi kind of South African, you know, bad guy. Yeah. And I was going up for Nazis, south African bad guys. I mean, that's, that was it. I went up for like five auditions and it was all for fuck. You know, it was just all for Nazis. And I just was like, I was just like, yeah, I mean, I kind of, I've got a bit more reins than this, I think. Right. And they, And I was, there was a kind of, suddenly there was an offer on the table from a manager and why don't you stay and we get you accommodation, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I kind of went on And I did these five auditions And I went, whoa, no, this is gonna go really wrong. And I dunno what it was, it was just like, this is where this, where these thoughts came from.


I have no idea. But they were just like, this is, this is gonna, this is not the career I want. Right. So I went home back to England, back to theater, back to England. Well, sort of back to thinking, well I've got, you know, I've got a bit of money in my po you know, I've got a bit of money now, so it's okay. But then suddenly I started getting bigger roles in television And I realized that was a mistake because I looked at these television stars at home and God Bless them. They're doing, they're owning money and they've got the house in Portugal and they've got, and they're thinking, yeah, they're set, set. It's great. I wanna make movies. I want to make movies. Good for you. And the British movie industry didn't exist, right? Yeah, yeah. It just did. I mean, there were amazing movies coming out And you think about, you know, like Room with a View, I mean, room With a View.


But I mean, I'm, I'm talking kind of like the Yeah, no, I mean, no one was ever, ever gonna cast me in. Right. 'cause I didn't, I wasn't a floppy fringed kind of posh boy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well that's what I mean. Yeah. Like the sort of The, so there was a, there was lots of brilliant directors, like, you know, my beautiful lat and things like things of that were going on. But that was a kind of, you know, you had to know the director and things and Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And I sort of plugged away at it until someone gave me a break. But what was the shift? What was the shift in that in the British For me Film you mean? Yeah. Well, I did a film called Love is a Devil. And that was, that got some traction for you. It, It, it's, as these things do, And I, like I say this to kinda young actors who talk about kind of, you know, you know, I want the, you know, when the break comes and Yeah.


You know, I'm gonna do this thing. And you know, it's like, it like believing producers say, this is gonna be good for you. This is gonna be good for you. This, it's like, it doesn't happen like that in the industry. It is tectonic. It, it, it's like it rolls around. You get the break, like someone comes and sees you in something or sees you in something. A year later they might go, let's get that guy. Right. And that's, And you can't, you, you can't rush these things. So I did things And I just kept on going. And eventually sort of something momentum started happening and then, I dunno what kind of, what went, went down. I did a TV series and then, and then wrote a petition, like, you know, right. Sam cast me, wrote, wrote a audition and then Eunich. Now did you know Sam Menes before that To say hello to Yeah.


But you, so then it was, so then when you audition, I'd imagine that was an audition, not an offer. It was a friendly face in the audition room, which is, I blew it. You did. Completely blew. Yeah. No, not a good audition. No. Come on. Terrible Audition. Did you apologize after your audition as you're leaving? I'm so sorry. You had to see that. Good luck with the project. Oh my God, that's my go-to. Yeah. It, but it works. Sometimes it works, sometimes it works. Yeah. Yeah. No, I just, I was, I, I, I was supposed to have sort of learned this Chicago accent and for some reason I didn't. And for the audition, I kind of, I really, because I, he'd sort of kind of, he, he hadn't offered it to me, but he'd sort of said to me, we really want you to play the part.


And I thought, well, that's an offer. And they said, no, you've gotta fly out to Chicago and audition. I was like, oh, really? Yeah. And I, so I didn't really do enough work on the part, And I kind of went, did this terrible reading and he sort of went, stop, stop. You've got the job. I don't wanna, I sort of, I kind of, you know, batted him down with terrible acting. It, it's a ploy. All right. So then you're on set and you're working with Tom Hanks and Paul Newman and being directed by Mr. Mendy. Were, was that, was that, did the, did you get winded or was it just sort of like, yeah, this is kind of, it's about time and this what I've Been trying to do. I've been trying to avoid the other stuff, and now I've landed in this sort of the lane I want to be in.


Yeah, a little bit. I mean, Combo, I mean, I would, I, I kind of, yeah. I mean, I just felt, I felt like terrified and all of those things. But like, you are here now. Right. You better fucking, You better deliver. You Better deliver. 'cause Yeah. And Did you find that you had a gear that you didn't know that, that that could kind of boost you up and, and so you don't, didn't have a panic attack And you, you, you held your own. Yes. I mean, I suppose what it was, I, what what, what really calmed me, when it boils down to it, you're on set with one of the greatest living actors of all time. And Paul Newman And, and Paul Newman and both, both of them, but very, very, very different actors.


But Paul Newman, who I've, you know, idolized and watching him work, you realize, oh God, he's an actor. Yeah. And it just, that sort of like, that in itself was like, he's, I can't talk to him about, he wants, he wanted to talk to me about racing cars. I was like, going four wheels. I mean, You know, because like, he was like talking about like, I mean, I, why, why the indie series was so much better than Grand Prix series. I was like, yeah, wow. Mean, he was like, Um-huh. I couldn't. But when it came down to it and watching him, working him with him, I had a language that I could speak to him in, because I'm an actor, he's an actor, and he really is. You know, and he'd struggle and he'd, he'd really be kind of trying to find it and things that I'd just be like, oh wow, great.


That's, that's what I, that's what I do. Oh, good. Yeah. And I, that, that kind of just, I thought, so I can get, you know, I mean, He forgets a line too sometimes, right? Yeah. Oh, that's great. Sure. That's really cool. Yeah. That's really interesting, that idea of, of being with Paul Newman and watching him kind of Right. Find it in the scene. Must Been, it is the opposite of that, of making you nervous that actually it calms you because you see him as human. You must, yeah. You must have had a complete, like, your nerves must have been absolutely settled in that moment. I, I, I was like, we can, we can do this. We can make this happen. We're playing, you know, suddenly we're like, you know, we're here to play great. Like, I know how to play. Fascinating. One time I was, I was doing the bucket list with Jack Nicholson and Morgan Freeman, And I was in a scene with Jack Nicholson.


Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. Yeah. And, and he turns to me and he goes, during rehearsal, he goes do, do you know what you mean when you say that line? Oh, boy. I go, yeah. Do you like what? Nice dick. I had to say that. Not you, Dick. Yeah. And I had to say that to relax myself. 'cause I couldn't believe I was in a movie with Jack Nichols. We'll be right back.


So everyone is pulling their hair out, trying to figure out what to get everybody. And there's probably somebody there that you're just, you can't, you can't even imagine. What, what would it take to really make that person happy? Finding the perfect gift can be pretty overwhelming. You always want to make sure you're giving gifts that people actually want this year. Give timeless gifts made from premium materials with Quince. Quince lets you treat your loved ones and yourself to everyday luxury at an affordable price. Their super soft fleece sweatpants are a major upgrade to whatever you're lounging in right now. And their packable puffer jackets are perfect for anyone who's traveling for the holidays. Now, me, I'm a guy who's not allergic to some lounge wear. I don't mind getting into the PJs or better said, never getting outta the PJs if you just don't have to leave the house today. Right? So if I'm gonna stay in something all day, oh, I want it to be some super soft fleece sweatpants, right? And, and, And a fleece tie. Let's just do a whole, let's do a fleece onesie. You know, And I don't know if they make that, but if they don't, maybe they should. If they don't, I'll take a fleece sweatshirt and fleece sweatpants, and then I'm happy all day. Maybe some fleece socks too. Listen, gift Luxury this holiday season without the luxury price tag, go to Quince dot com slash SmartLess for 365 day returns, plus free shipping on your order. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/ SmartLess to get free shipping and 365 day returns. Quince dot com slash SmartLess.


The holidays are upon us, and Whole Foods Market is your holiday headquarters. Whole Foods Market has everything you need, whether you're hosting the big meal and planning to cook up a feast, or if you're simply a guest who wants to impress with a thoughtful gift, need help in the kitchen. Let Whole Foods Market cater your meal with ease, including savory appetizers, irresistible mains, and crowd pleasing desserts. order@shop.wfm.com and make your Whole Foods market your holiday headquarters.


Isn't It funny how the people we love most are often the hardest to shop for? Luckily, there's one gift that everyone on your list is sure to enjoy. An Aura Digital picture frame named number one by Wirecutter Aura Frames make it incredibly easy to share unlimited photos and videos directly from your phone to the frame. And when you give an Aura frame as a gift, you can personalize and preload it with a thoughtful message and photos. Using the Aura app, making it an ideal present for long distance loved ones, I'm gonna get one and give it to my in-laws. They're gonna love a new aura frame. It's everything they're for. Save on the perfect gift by visiting aura frames.com to get $35 off aura's bestselling carver mat frames by using promo code SmartLess at checkout. That's a URA frames.com promo code SmartLess. This deal is exclusive to listeners, so get yours now in time for the holidays, terms and conditions apply.


And now back to the show. Now, Daniel, when you were very quickly after that, sort of vaulted into much more of a leadership position on the, on the jobs that followed, did you take that experience with you as a leader and, and see the younger actors or the, the, the actors with lesser parts get a little sort of nervous? And did you, did you, did you lend some of that comfort to them by not, not intentionally forgetting a line, but did you take some of those leadership lessons By being completely Shit, it really calmed, settles everybody's nerves. Oh my God. Fake a panic attack. That's, that's how he's gonna do it.


I, I don't know. I mean, I might, I feel like my part of my job is to, you know, you, you're on set. You know, I love being around actors. I love being, you know, it's, you know, it's like, it's, it's fun. It's a lot of fun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And if you have somebody who is, you know, there for a bit, short day, I have a thing, it's like, you know, it's like the, my favorite movies. It's those small parts that zip out that you, that make the movie. Sometimes it's like you encourage them to be the best they can. 'cause it's like, it's like, you know, it's like smallest cogs, all of that shit, you know? Sure. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. There's no small parts. There's small actress. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. What about, what about siblings? Do you have siblings? I have half brother and a sister.


An older sister. And different completely different career path than you. Completely different. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm kind of the only actor in the family, And I want to talk about eggs that you just ate. Do you always watch what you eat when you're on doing these junkets? Like you didn't want to touch the potatoes? I I was just watching you garbled those eggs. Sean knows. Can he send a guy over to pick up the potatoes? There's Somebody at your door right now. Daniel, if you don't mind, just real quick, Just slide the potatoes under the door. No. Do you, are you always like that? Or do you go off the rails sometimes and, and just, I mean, I do. I mean, I don't, I mean, I, I don't, I used to have a, I used to swing Okay.


On bond. I finish sense. Yeah, right. Here we go. That, that, that's not a good, a good word on bond. I would, you know, because of the intensity, I would sort of then spend the next sort of three, four months sort of being drunk and eating. Yeah, yeah. And, and that of course that that's not good for you. So, you know, so I don't, I, I stopped doing that and, and sort of like said, okay, let's maintain my fitness. How about that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You always look Great. Thank you. But It does, it gets, it gets so hard after 50. Yeah. I mean, we're all 50. It's just, it's just so depressing. It's so depressing. I mean, I remember before I finding my mom up a few years ago and going, oh, my fingers are aching. And I, she's welcome to my world.


You know? It's just that, it's just, that's what it's, I've got All these little hotspots on my hands now that like, it hurts between this finger and this finger. And right at the base of the thumb there, it's like, like, what's going on? I had this, I had this treatment, treatment the other day where they gave me this infrared thing where they kind of map your body infrared. And my hands were on fire And they were like going, oh, what's wrong? And I'm like, I don't know what is wrong? That's like, it hurt. I'm not 20. I think, wait a second. Wait, Sean, you did a symbol? No, JB you did a map thing. I Did the full body scan. Yeah, full body scan. And it was, it was, thank God it was all, it was all good. But it's kind of cool that they can do that now. What did they find in the place where the human heart normally is? Not much. There was like, its a little movie, a little movie camera roll on There.


Just a bunch of loose nuts and bolts. Wait, Daniel also, also just meeting you for the first time. I, I sense that your brain works really, really fast. Like you're hyper intelligent And you kind of have to, when you're doing all the things that you do, what do you do to I'm not getting that, Sean. Really? I Do. I get, I get that you're like, you, your brains like, works really, really fast. Like you're eating the eggs and you're finishing the story and, and then you're going like, He's a dummy. Okay. I know. That's what I'm saying. Sean's So shocked. How is he chilling and walking at the same time? Sean, by the way, this is coming from a guy who spends like at a Monday afternoon mid-afternoon watching videos of child birth. So it's not like he, he doesn't have a lot going on.


Yeah. It's gonna feel like a compliment's coming, but the curve Is Yeah. No, the bar, the bar is, the bar could be fucking lower. No, It is a big compliment because you have to think, you constantly have to think faster of what you do. You, you're like, the camera's there, my line here, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you have kids And you have the thing. So your mind's always going. What do you do to calm down? I don't know. I mean, it's just being at home and, and, And I like to, I, I, I really, really, really don't play tennis. I'm so terrible. But if I can convince a, you know, like a tennis pro or someone to, to hit a ball with me, I'll do that for two, three hours at a time. That just kind of like, And you know, No golf for you.


Yeah. Whatever. What's the, it ruins a good walk. What are you talking about? Yeah. But it is a nice walk. I that a great walk. I love that. Now what about now you, you've been to all these incredible and all the films. You've done all these incredible locations around the world. Is there a spot that, that calms you more than any a favorite spot? I think if I'm going to really relax the I the sea is like the place I want to be because it'ss like I can, I'm with you. I, I just want the, I want the salt water. Yeah. And I want the, the sun And I just, And I and my body kind of, again, with the aches and the pains. Yeah. Yep. You're not a boat guy though, are you? Are you a guy that Not really No. That kind of that, that they're a lot of hard work. Yeah. Right.


Yeah. I have like two fan stuff that can we, can we just get it outta the way? Yeah, Of Course, man. One, because Scotty, my husband And I watch, watched all your films like a billion times the Javier Barde. And you probably have the greatest hero villain chemistry of all time. Like, just incredible. What do you, did you, what was Tracy? Tell Tracy what? That's for Tracy. That's from, that's from, Oh my God, that's from Sky. Skyfall. Thanks that sky. And do you ade you have to sing Adele. When you ever say the net talent No, you don't go ahead with the question. No, I just, it's just a comment, not a question.


It's just comment. Like, that was incredible. And do you guys still, do you still keep in touch with Javier? I do see, I talked to occasionally and yes, I love him to death. He's just, he's just like, he's a so good, glorious human being. So good. And then the other thing was, And you can think about it while we talk about other stuff, unless you have to Go, is a great theater story. I was asked like, people with theater stories. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Like scenes falling, like people throwing up on stage. Like anything like that. I've Done all that. I've done all that. Really? Yeah. I've done, I've done, you name it. The amount of Theater you've done is just Stunning. You name it, I've, I've done it. I've, it's happened on stage. What do you think was the worst thing that happened where you were like, fucked Up, perform, stop the show Performance or like an audience member? Yeah, I don't, I, I haven't, it hasn't.


I mean, I I I, I've been at the theater when it was actually Li Schreiber was doing what they doing be few from the bridge, but where literally someone had a thing, an attack And they actually got to say, is there a doctor in the house? Wow. It's like there was real thing. The guy was fine and it was all good. Wow. Was like, yeah. They stopped the show. And did, you know, So the, the amount of of work that goes into doing theater, that the level that, that you'd done it and that Sean just did, is it, I I I'm sure you can't compare that to the kind of rigor it takes to get through a huge, huge film, but is it somewhat comparable?


And if so, which do you prefer? As far as what takes most out of you? I think a movie takes the most out of you because I think it's a seven day a week job. It's not that you can't get, there's no day off really. 'cause there's always something to do on whatever that either you're doing a five day week or you're doing a six day week. You, you, you, you've gotta kind of, you, you, you're either rehearsing something or you're Studying, Studying something or you, so, so that, that those, the intensity of that is like, there's nothing and a play once it's up and running gets its own kind of momentum. I mean, if it's an emotionally difficult play, then obviously it's kind of like it gets, you know, but you sort of tend to be able to kind of like spend the day not thinking about it. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And Then go and do it.


Do you see yourself staying on screen until you're old and gray and in the ground? Or would you like to sort of throttle back and just have the last section of your life whenever that starts? Just on theater? 'cause that's something that I kind of fantasize about is just like moving to New York and the Simple life becoming a theater actor. Yeah. And, and just like riding my bike to the theater. I, I, I, it's, it's very attractive. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I mean, I, I I, I don't know it, it depends how big the bills are, isn't it? Right. Yeah. Oh, that's true. I mean, I Mean, well Back to the TV stars. Yeah, Exactly. Well, I mean, right. So I dunno. I worked with, I did work with Gil.


Good. Yeah. I worked Did you with Gil Good on two jobs. He was way actually in the power of one. I, you know, played the headmaster at this school. And I did have a scene with him, But I met him, I met him around the back of the set. 'cause I'd gone around to have a cigarette back in the day And I smoked and there he was smoking and he, he kinda went, Ooh, don't tell anybody I'm not smoking, smoking. And I was like, we had a cigarette together. And I had a chat, which he was like, you know, and then I did Elizabeth about 10 years later, and he must have been well into his nineties by then. Wow. And it was kind of, why is he working? Right. 'cause his, because his boyfriend liked diamonds.


I mean, it was kind of like he was, that, that was the response, you know, it was that. And he, he was wheeled in And I kind of thought, thought I had the scene with him just to sort of like, he was playing the pope And I was playing this Jesuit mass murderer. Yes. Easy role. And he, I just sort of, I kind of went and sort of to take care of him. I was, my, my instinct was to sort of tell us, how are you? Right. You probably don't remember we had a cigarette together, you know, of course he didn't remember. And, but he was like, he was like, I could see the age. And it was like, Oh my God. Wow. He's really kind of, he's, is he gonna be able to remember his lines? The board went on bang.


Just showed up. Yeah. Like the back went up and he was just like, and he did the scene like, and it was like, oh man, blew everybody away. Right. And then kinda went back And I was like, wow, that's, that's, yeah. And I kind of was like, that's amazing. But I was also kind of like, I've beat, I dunno if you've ever ridden a horse in a movie. They have. Yes. They have to retire movie horses. 'cause they, they learn the board, you know, they learn when the slate comes in And they hit it whack, it's time to go. Yeah. So I, I've been, I've sat on horses that are kind of like, where that, you know, you know, 'cause I don't ride very well. So it stick him on that nag, you know, it's 'cause it's like, And they of right there And they trying to pull its head up, trying to look cool. It's just like, look, it's like it's gonna die. And they put the board on it and it's like, it's, Oh my God. Jesus Christ.


And they have, And they can And they have to retire these horses. And I thought, Oh my God, you're a film horse. That's kind of what do I want to turn into a film horse? Wow. When that board goes on. Oh yeah, here we are. Hey. Yeah. Right. But at the same, at the same time. I mean, there's maybe there's a little bit of sort of wisdom in, in staying active in that way is part of the reason that he was able to stay, you know, be alive his Nineties. I mean, maybe do a crossword, I don't know. But Yeah. 'cause otherwise he is in, he's in Portugal. Right. Play. No, totally. Totally. I get it. You know, And you had how, I mean, going back to that hysteria at the, at the, at the, at the, in the school play, that thing, that drug, that thing that gets you too. I brought it back there. It's really good. No, I like it. And I, I like it.


I kind of wanted to get back. I'm glad you you mentioned that because I kind of wanted to go back to that moment. You're in the theater and go all the way back to that moment. You're in the theater, you're watching Blade Runner, because it really made me think about, I was gonna bring this up before about, And I was gonna ask you guys, what, what is that thing? What was that sort of, that, that seminal moment In your life? Yeah. What was, Was the film, the book that you read? And do you go back and still, because I, I have found now that I'm in my fifties, I'm now re-looking for moments like that where I get inspired. I'm reading a book right now that A midlife crisis. It is a midlife crisis. Believe me, I should, I should be wearing a fucking hat the last 10 years that said, ask me about my midlife crisis. Yeah. But, But, But, and yes, I had a Porsche obviously, and I've had, but all of that do, do, do you know, do you guys, have you guys had those moments?


Do you remember being young in a book or a film or something? You Went like, mine is 11 years old. I was 11 years old. My brother took me for my 11th birthday. My brother Kevin took me to go see ET And I was 11 years old And I, and everybody in the theater was crying as they were at the end were, And I said, jealous my brother, you were jealous. I go, I said I'd give anything to be him. And my brother thought like the fantasy, like, oh, Elliot to have a friend like Izi. And I go, no, I'd give anything to be Henry Thomas. He played Elliot, the actor, and my brother's like the actor. And I was like, yeah. To make people feel that. Yeah. That would be amazing. JB anything, do you remember a Moment you were inspired by something? I think Matthew Broderick do Brighton Beach Memoirs on Broadway. I was, I think I was like 15 or something.


And I, I could have gone, I, there was like, there was a fork in the road. I could have stopped doing what I was doing, but I saw him do that And I just had such a good time And I was like, oh, I want to, I want, I want, I wanna do that. I love doing that. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I, for me it was, it wasn't even singing for me. It was, I'm, I was 17, I remember this so clearly, And I read On the Road by Jack Haack and it sounds so cliche, but it fuck, I was like, you can get out into the world. And that was actually spurred me to go, I can move to New York. And I moved when I was 20 and it was like, yeah, fucking carat. That's what they, Where did you Grow up? That? In Toronto. Oh, right. In Canada. And you're like, that's what you do. If you wanna be out in The world, you gotta get out into The world.


And it's, that really spurred me on for the rest of my life, I think. I love That. Daniel, what's what's gonna happen with you for the rest of the day? And by the way, was Gonna talk about queer. I want, I want to hear a little bit about queer. Yeah. So Queer's Out December 13th, you, you read the script. You, you think immediately. Do you think about the character? Are you thinking about that incredible director Luca Guino? Or, or, or what, what's going through your mind? Is it a quick Yes. Or all Of that? Yeah, yeah. All of that. That's like, I mean, I just, I wanted to work with Luca. I think he's, you know, he's just a really incredible, just exciting kind of out there director who's just pushing it. But, So it was a pretty quick Yes, yes. Totally. Yeah. Yeah. And the script, you know, was, I mean, yeah.


I mean the, I I getting offered a really complicated, interesting, funny, sad human being to play. Yeah. I can't wait to see it. I, I So excited. I know. Me too. Me Too. Me too. Congratulations on that. Yeah. Thank You. Yeah. All right. You're done. You've done great. Yeah. Now you can get your cold eggs there. I'm very sorry. You That's All right. I'm, I'm just, I'm just not gonna eat the potatoes in front of you. Sean will be here soon. Forget it. Well, that's my personal, I've got a problem with that, but it's No, I'll, I'll, I'll take him off your hand. I Have to go into a dark cupboard and eat potatoes. Wait, Daniel, how, how, like, do you, do you live in the uk? I do. I lived in New York.


I lived in New York for nearly 20 years, no, 15 years, but, and moved back to London this summer. Let's, And do you love, do you love visiting LA or are you like, I'm in, I'm out. Yeah, I mean, I, I, it's kind of, it's, it's a, you know, it's love hate, it's all that thing. It's like I really, I do love this And I love California And I love, I just, I went to the desert for a couple of days before I started this to get some kind of nice r and r. Good. Yeah. And, you know, it's like, there's no, no place like this on earth. And then I wanna go and then I wanna leave really quickly because Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I got Now do, last question. Do you, do you fall, do you still follow Liverpool at all or do you Yes. Yeah. You do? Yeah. Yeah, I do. Yeah. Religiously. Yeah. Yeah. Same. And I don't get to many games, but I sadly, but I, now I'm back in England.


I'm hoping to get to, Let's, let's come in the new year. I'm gonna come over there. Let's go to a game. Let's make this punch. I Would, I would really like that. Okay, great. Yeah. Yeah. I really like that. Daniel, thank you so much for, for doing this Was great. Thank you. You enjoy your day. Yeah, thank you. Alright Buddy. Bye. Take care. Thank You. I don't know how to stop this. Slammed. There you go. Ah, now there's, there's, there's, there's, there's a guy's guy. He is a he is a woman's guy too. Yep. And he slammed the computer, you know, that's, he slammed The, A great, a great sign. Yeah. Yeah. That's your, you love that jb I really do. He is. He's great. Like, you know, it's how do you talk to him without bringing up James Bond? And I, I can't tell if he's sick of it or he, I think We Did a good job of not peppering him with all the shit he's been asked. Maybe. I don't know. I've never seen an interview with Him.


I mean, it's, I always say this on this on, on this little podcast of ours is like, when I meet people I've never met before like that. I'm huge fans. Of course. I wanna ask 'em all the fan questions. I know, but I'm nervous. Yeah, I know. You know, like, How many films have you seen? A billion times? I wanna get down to your numbers now. Yeah. I mean I've honestly, I've seen that so many times. Casino Royal, I've seen all of them so many times. But Skyfall Scotty's favorite. And we've seen that many, Many times. I seen, that's incredible. It's really fall. You've never seen Sky Fall I haven. That's the one, right? Oh, it's so Good. Yeah. Wait, are you kidding, Jay? It's so Good. No, I'm not. Invite me over for Christ's sake. Oh Wait, Jason Skyfall. It's really good's Amazing. Yeah, it's amazing. I And you love Javier Barmy takes his teeth out and his fucking crazy. Yeah, It's a boiler alert.


Wait, what's your favorite line that he ever said? Oh yeah. Oh no, I was, Oh, this my ear. I hear it through my ear. Take Your hand away from your ear. Take your, Take your hand away from your ear. Oh, What a line. Yeah. Really? No, 'cause it kicked up James Bond around. That was another one. No, but but Go ahead. Go ahead Sean. Oh, Sean. Yeah. I was gonna Say, Hey Sean, I know you were gonna say fuck me, dude, watching your face try to line up because he looks Down at the computer. 'cause he kind of works on them, I think. Of course He does. No, no. I I had one. I have one. Have we ever gotten a bunch of req a bunch of suggestions from our listeners of what, what we can do for our advice? You ask all the time. I know, but do we have a portal for them to, to fill A portal?


Fill our portal? What do you mean? Or some sort of a site They can put all these recommendations so we can stop listening to Sean shitty buys. But, but also it's not the shitty buys. No, it's not. It's the way he goes. It's the way he goes, blah, blah, blah. And he goes, yeah. So also, I always thinking that and you're like, fuck dude, here it comes. What are doing? No, I was gonna say, what is Sty? What Does Jason Sty rhyme with? No, that's no good. Will you got one? Yes. I don't have one That's mine. No, that's, I, no, I'm glad that it's, you should be Guest related. You know, should be, be tied into the guest somehow. Well, I Mean, Skyfall, its original title was by, Sounds Like You got yourselves in a Little Bin, Robbie.


Smart, smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less.


We all want to see our loved ones living their best lives, but it's hard when they're struggling with drugs and alcohol. For nearly 70 years, Karen has made it possible for so many to imagine a life beyond addiction. We combine advanced neuroscience with life-changing care. Visit CARO n.org, Karen, where the science of treatment meets the heart of care now in network with most insurances. That's CARO n.org.


Do you ever watch TV and think, wow, I'm really good at this? You are right. With Rewards on Sling. Watching 30 minutes of TV daily gives you chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with Sling free stream to get rewarded for watching tv. Sling lets you do that. Visit sling.com to learn more and get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.