
Hello, friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Have you met all modern? All modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. Outdoor dining and patio sets, living room sofas, dining room furniture, and more. Their team of modern, obsessed experts, hand vets every design for quality. And did we mention they offer fast and free shipping? Yep. That means you can upgrade your home in days, not weeks. All modern has the best modern furniture and decor all in one place. Outdoor dining, patio sets, living room sofas, dining room furniture again and more. It's modern made for real life. So whether you're updating your living room with a plush rug and sofa, revamping your patio with a clean line seating set, or streamlining your dining area with a durable new table and chairs all modern, has everything you need to bring your vision to life from Scandy to mid-century. That's modern made simple. Shop now at all. modern.com.


Paramount Plus is the home of the UFA Champions League final. It all comes down to this after an incredible knockout stage. The Uafa Champions League final is here, and history is on the line. If you've never watched Uafa Champions League, I implore you to watch it. It's got all the action, all the drama. It is the most incredible soccer tournament in the world. Watch all the coverage of the Uafa Champions League final. The biggest annual sporting event in the world. Live on Paramount Plus. Don't miss the Uafa Champions League final on Saturday, May 31st live on Paramount plus. Visit paramount plus.com/live sports to get started. And just know when you're watching, I'm gonna be watching too.


Do you guys eat standing up at all? Like lunch and breakfast when you don't sit at Table A horse sleeps. Do we? Does a horse does a, does a horse sleep standing up or is that a Cow? That's a cow. That's a cow. No, I mean, they need hay. What, what do you, Sean, you go. Sorry. 'cause you had this, seems like you had a thought about you. Are you doing a lot of east standing standing counters? I do. What are doing, do I do I I eat standing up. Like not through open Windows. Whatcha doing Anyway? Talk about being open. I love being open with you guys. Welcome to SmartLess. What just happened? What happened? Smart. Smart.


Smart. Less. Willie. So wait, so when did you move into your new place? I moved in yesterday. I just got, wow. Can you straighten out your fucking hat? You're, you're not Justin Bieber dude, Hang on. First of all, I'm very young. I know. Okay. No. Well, you don't tell your face. Okay. That's nice. Honestly, why is it? Why is it, why is it caulked? Why is it I Just did it. I just did it like that for one Second there. Thank you. It Feels good to put it on the side like that. So I do that too sometimes. Shut up, Sean. Fuck. Wow. That. I think that's a record for a shut up, Sean.


Inside. Two minutes. Inside. Two minutes. We're already at. Shut up, Sean. You guys Love it. I miss you. Can't You? I know we're gonna see each other tomorrow. Tomorrow, Tomorrow. I'm gonna get All, all over You guys. Oh, it's on, It's it's gummy city for me. Oh, Hang on. Chew it up and suck it down. Shoot. And then take a gummy. Yeah. Hey, so Will, how's your new, well, first of all, congratulations. Will, on finishing incredibly hard period of work. Thank You, sir. Lizzo great. What we have cooking in Hollywood's oven is, is undoubtedly a masterpiece.


I'm gonna call it right now. Yes. Wow. And I was there to witness the masterpiece. It was so good. Willie's dash of Sean in it. Thank you. Is More than enough sprinkle of Scotty, Sean And Scotty were so great. Can I just tell you, having them ar it was so fun. Was, and I've seen a bunch of stuff and it's really, really good. This is a film listener that, that will wrote and just finished acting in, directed by our friend Bradley Cooper, who's also in it on It. What A field mate. What a guy. Oh, what a guy. Yeah, exactly. He was so great. Yeah, he was and was great. Yeah, it was super fun. And Jay, are you done with yours yet?


No, I got another six weeks left. Oh, Wow. Wow. That's, that's Not so bad. But it's, that's, that's also fun and going well, but but You're having a good time and you're working your butt off too. I am. It's very, very hard. But, but don't try to deflect. You've just finished just like an incredibly large amount of work and it must feel nice to be done. And you're back home in a new home. Yeah. Yeah. Your hat's kind of cocked and it's like, it's all, everything's Yeah. Everything's happening. Well, I'm Wearing it high. I'm, I'm thinking about, I'm, I'm like V von Dutch adjacent right now with My hat situation. Especially be because listener, he's got long hair. Yeah. All kind of kinked and looking Super sexy.


I'm going Old school with my flaked hat, you know what I mean? You Must just Yeah. Yeah. Crushing ass out there, huh? Hey man, she's Just walking around with that hairdo and Can't wait for that headline. You know what I mean? How about we're all in the same city though, for once. I know. I'm so excited to see you guys Know. It's So, I am really, I feel like we haven't recorded one of these in a few weeks too. It's been minute, many weeks. Yeah. It's, it's been a minute. And what do we got on the menu for tomorrow night? Has anybody made a request yet For food? Yeah. Mm. Can I make two guesses? Yeah. Yeah. Well, there are only two guesses, by the way. They're great. They're great guesses. They're great. They're always great. And if she's listening, listen. Yeah. They are in those two meals are two of my favorite meals.


No, they're the best. There's A reason they're, they're on reason. We keep going. Heavy rotation. Yeah. We, there's, we always have an unbelievable time and a delicious meal. And we're very, very lucky and Fortunate. And I haven't been able to be there for a long time. Willie, you haven't been there for Months and months and months. Oh yeah. Since January, I think. Yeah. Yeah. I'm very excited. So it's Gonna be fun. On the way back, I flew back yesterday. I, I stopped in From Chicago, right? Yeah. From Chicago. I stopped in and I saw a play at my old high school with some friends that I was in that play with. It was, they did, you can't take it with you on that old play. And so all of a bunch of friends, what A show Turns out you can take it with you.


What? Well, but wait a second. That wild saw a show at your high school. You're still in contact with the folks that run your high school theater program? No, no friends, my friends that I was in theater with in, in high school and, and my friend Amy and Rob and Shereen, and we Sena went to prom with, and she's like, so we're all like, let's go see the play that we were all part of. You know? Was she, was she a beard situation? Yeah. A hundred percent. Yeah. Can I ask you this too? I, I actually thought that you were gonna say, I, I was in Chicago and I stopped in ch to check in with, I thought you were gonna say a piece of chocolate cake. I stopped to check in with Portillos. Yeah, Portillos. That's, that's the name of the place that's I thought By the way. I did. I got off the plane. Shanny. I'm always, I'm always impressed.


I don't know if that's the right word with the, the amount of people you are still in contact with. I know. Me too. From, from Oh yeah. Love it. It speaks to, it speaks to what a great, genuine person you are. It really does. It really does. Yeah. Yeah. Envy that. 'cause on the surface you seem like such a, a world class, a-hole. And Then think you will that I was trying to figure out how, how to say it. Yeah. But then it turns out no, you are such a caring and loving and Surprisingly nice. That's Seriously look it, that's her. Yeah. And that's my friend Rob. And that's me prom. Oh My God. Anyway, Blah, blah blah, blah, blah, Blah, blah, blah, Blah. The show was good. How Was the show? Was great. Your Kids were great. Did you have any notes for the person Who played your part? I had part had one line. I had one line. And it was, you're a right chief to have enough gunpowder down there to blow up the whole town. So when, Wait, do you say that with anxiety?


Yes. Have you just come back from a reconnaissance? Yeah, Exactly. By the way, I was high. I had like, kind of out of breath. You were right. She Totally, totally. And when the guy came on, 'cause we sat about, Wait, do you, do you remember the way you read it? We have it ready and I think I just did it. No, just do it. Let's go. And you're A right chief to have enough gunder down there and blow them. I hope you weren't laughing like that when you, This Guy is not in the moment, But the guy, but the guy that came out and said my line, I was like, woo. They clapped really Hard. Oh my God. They were great. They're all great. Anyway, Well, listen, you could have used some direction, which, and and maybe you could direction from, from our guest today.


Oh, Nice. Will. Yes. Because Segway alert, because Segway alert because this is a guy who's become one of our mower accomplished directors that we have today. Way not only is he prolific, but he is also a fantastic director. And what he does, Mila Foreman is Mila Foreman. And he came at it, listen, I wish again, he's one of those guys. Once you name some of his credits, you're gonna go exactly who it is. But what I, and I know this guy and I got to know him because he's, he's worn a bunch of different hats in what we do. He, he, he for many years was started as a, as a stunt guy.


David, a stunt guy. Stunt person, David Leach. And, and then, and then he became a stunt coordinator and then he became a director and a producer. And, and Jason, you already guessed it 'cause he did Deadpool two Hobs and Shaw bullet train Fall guy. It's my friend David Leach. Oh my god. David Leach. No way. God knows. Told you what's going on the second you say it. Yeah. Because he's such a legend. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Such a legend. So cool. Very good at what he does, everybody. He is, he is very good. And, and yes. One of the things, Dave, that I wanna say, right? First of all, welcome to SmartLess. Welcome. I'm excited guys. Thanks for having us on. Hey. Yeah. I'm nervous. No, don't Be. One of the things I love about you, David, is, is that I, I knew you back when you were still coordinating when I first met you and you were also second unit directing.


Yeah. And you have not changed a bit. You've become like this huge director and you are still the same guy. You're still very hungry, you're still very normal. You're still very grounded. And So I I really, it's a real testament. You're, I, before we get going, everybody needs to know what a great dude you are. Ah, I just wanna say that off the Well thanks. Off the bat. Well, we, we, we had a great thank you. Thank you. Well, you know, we had a great time on teenage Mutt Ninja Turtles, didn't We? We did. We did. We had a great time. We did. David made me look really good because he shot all this stuff of this 18 wheeler driving down a mountain. Right. And so he went and he shot all this stuff, this insane 18 wheeler thing in the, they shot it like two months before.


And then like two months later, I got to just sit in the cab of a truck on a, on a parking lot outside Steiner Studios in Brooklyn and just hyperventilate and pretend I was doing that. But I wanna say that was a great performance. Thank You. It was Very brave. Very brave. Brave. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Very brave. I had to get out, I had to get outta my Escalade then get into the front cab of the thing and then take Off your warming coat. Take off what time is lunch. But David, don't you think you have to be as prolific as you are and a bunch of directors that are as successful as you and Mr. Bateman here? Don't you think you have to have that kind of personality that well just described?


You are, which is a peacekeeper and like, you know, you can't get a hot head and everybody's, you know, keep everything in order. 'cause you can't have a temper. Right? Well, I mean, you, there are directors that have it Yeah. That are prolific. There's, There's plenty that have made, made it work That I've worked with as a Sure. As a stunt man or a department head. You know, I look, I was really lucky I got to mentor under a lot of great directors. Yeah. You got to see what worked for you and, and, and what doesn't work for you. And being an asshole really doesn't work for me. It really, no, it doesn't work for me. It doesn't, it doesn't. You, you would not wear asshole. Well, It's interesting, isn't it?


Like, a lot of people don't realize that, that mo directors don't work with other directors. So they don't know whether what they're doing is good or bad or efficient. That's a great point. Or not, or not, or, you know, and so actors or cameramen or really anybody on the set has the opportunity to sort of cherry pick from, you know, a a bunch of directors that how to, how to do it if they get a chance to do it. And, and so David, you've, you, you've, can you mention any that you've, that you've picked some, some great points from? Yeah, I mean, I worked with the Wachowskis for a long time. Oh yeah. And they, you know, on The Matrix Movies. On the Matrix movies. Yeah. And then after that we did a V for Vendetta.


We did Ninja Assassin, the classic Ninja Assassin. But we did, we did a lot of films and you know, there's a precision to what they do. There's the, the, the homework that they do to be prepared, like all of that stuff. And they really build a family with their department heads and they Yeah. You know, they're really close and, and they allow their department heads to be creative and bring them ideas and like, and that's, that's where I really enjoy, you know, I think there's other directors that are That collaborative. Yeah. The collaborative spirit of a director. Whereas especially coming from production, you want your ideas to be heard. You know, you design a sequence as a stunt coordinator, you wanna, you wanna be heard.


That kind of goes to Jason. Jason kind of, you know, it's interesting the point you make, both of you guys as di became directors, but you came from Jason, you were an actor for many years since you were a kid. And then you came to, so you got to witness and cherry pick pieces Yeah. As you went and bring it into, and David, you started as a stunt performer. Performer and then, and then coordinator. So you also got to work under, whereas, you know, Jason, as you were mentioning, a lot of directors who start as directors don't have that breadth of Right. Experience working with directors. You guys there To know, to know how to manage personalities, To know how to even, to know how to collaborate. Right. Do you think there's something to that? I I, yeah. I I I do. David and you, you were kind of touching on it.


That, that, you know, you, you, you get exposed to a few work environments, you know, sets that have that collaborative spirit or that, or just basically like a, you know, to, you know, minimize it. It's sort of a good vibe. And what that yields is, is, is a, is just a better product. And, and it's, and it's applicable to any industry where, and I've said this before, I apologize to anybody who's heard this, but, you know, no one gets fired for doing 75%. Like you can hold your job for 40 years if you, if you deliver 75%, that's what kind of people EE expect. But if you want that extra 25% from people, it's, they've gotta feel a little bit of ownership, a little bit of buy-in, a little bit of, you know, e equity in, in the process.


And that comes from people feeling like they kind of, it's, it's partly theirs. It's like if it's your house, you put a coaster underneath your drink without even being asked to. But if it's not your house, you might put your drink on the wood table and leave a ring as you don't really give a fuck, you're gonna drive home. So, right. If you let people feel like they're a part of the process, you get that extra bit and then the product really soars, especially that's really well said in what We do. Well, and I, and I think that that's Really, really long said. Yeah, that's really long said, And I think it applies to many jobs, Jason. So I think it's though, So thank you's David. Thoughts on that? No, I mean, it's a, it's a hundred percent true. I mean, again, like having been on set, you know, my entire adult life as a performer or a department head, it just, you wanna be included.


And then, you know, being in the director chair and knowing all those people are there to make you look good. You take the good ideas and then you steal all the credit. That's, But David, David, so, So I mean, you know, when you look at, at your, just your first of all your, your resume a a as a director is impressive enough considering, you know, the films that you've, you've made so far as a director, but the films that you performed as performed in Yeah. Fight Club. I mean, this is one of the great that, that's a classic. People often reference it, especially dudes as their favorite film of all time. You were Brad's stunt Double in Fight Club. Is that true? I was, but in, in, it was kind of like one of those movies where you're not doing a lot, you know, when you think about it, it's funny, it's like the name is Fight Club and then you go back and watch the film.


I actually watched it a couple months ago. There's only like three fight sequences in it. Right. But what we were doing, and you often do as a stunt performer is train the actors. So we were training the actors for a long time, sort of in this messy style of fighting. And then I might have doubled Brad on two or three little moments. Right. Because at that time he was like super fit dude. He by the way, still super fit. Still super fit. Yeah. You guy, the guy's ripped. I know, I know. Cool of You guys, by the way, Dave, these guys know nobody loves Brad more than me, so. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so everybody Loves, we all Do.


He's, he, he's an awesome human being. Yeah. Yeah. I love him. And yeah, so it really, it was like one of those movies where I was working a lot, but we weren't, you know, the stunts I had to do were like very, very simple. Although I do remember one great, this goes back to Fincher being the sort of like perfectionist that he is. I had to throw the Ed Norton stunt double down that set of stairs at the end of the movie. Sure. 12 times. No way. 12 times 12 takes way. No way. And I ran and I ran into David, you know, I've, this is like a couple years ago. And I ran into him and I asked him like, Hey, what take did you use? And he's like, oh yeah, take two.


No. Oh Yeah. Hundred Percent. So, so while, while, while we're on stunt, I wanna talk about one of my favorite, favorite directors of all time, David a venture. He, no, he's incredible. Like, his level of, of, of specificity and precision does require a, a lesser amount perhaps of kind of, not contribution, but, or even collaboration. I'm not sure what the right word would be, but he knows exactly what he wants. And so the, the sort of the, the arena for, hey, well what do you guys think? You know, what's, how should we do? Like, there's a great deal of planning and precision going into every shot that he's doing.


And so how do you, how do you recommend in, even in other industries room for other people to fit into that Yeah. Their own ideas. I mean, with David, I think you buy, you, you buy into the vision, right? Yeah. And So I think, you know, part of like your, the excitement with his crew is like, you know, the vision is so strong that you wanna make sure you're providing the details for it. Right? And so, again, like if you're, if you're a professional and you love this business, and you get to work with somebody who has this really strong vision, then you just, you know, you Yeah, Yeah. You, you ratchet the gear and looking in that way and like, okay, how can IS service this vision?


I mean, You're doing a lot of that though too. Like, you know, but Bullet Train is, I got the title right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, there was so much incredible that was insane. Technical execution on that insane that like, there's no room for fucking, Hey guys, let's all kind of figure this out. You know, we'll just rehearse until lunch and then we'll just shoot after lunch. Let's just, it like, no, you coming in with a plan, you know exactly what so Well, I would say this, sorry to interrupt. Yeah. But I think that that was a mixture of those two styles. Yeah. I think, you know, I had shot listed that movie with Jonathan Ella, and we were very, very precise, but we allowed for, like, when you look at Aaron Taylor Johnson and Brian Terry Henry, they're playing these in Lemon and Tangerine.


Yeah. Yeah. When I was in my setups, I let them go. Like, they were just brilliant. And I was just like rolling, like, you know, right. Like, and just mining for gold. So the composition and the editorial style and like all of the production design, like that was really my department heads. And we curated it and we had a plan going in and, but we let the actors riff A lot. Right. But once you get into the action sequences or stuff that, where the camera's being the performer, you've gotta, you've gotta keep them somewhat reigned in. They gotta toe the marks. They gotta make sure doesn't turn until the camera gets around. Like they a thousand percent. They need to be good soldiers. Even those too. And Jay, as you, as you probably know, and David, we've talked about it.


You, you made that film under very tough circumstances. It was right in right in during the pandemic. And it takes place, takes place in Japan. And you guys shot it in Culver City primarily. Yeah. Right? Totally. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, we shot it. Yeah, it was right height of the pandemic, you know, before the vaccine. And we were greenlit and we were actually getting ready to like, sort of prep it for Tokyo and we were gonna go shoot it on location. And then it's like they decided they want to do it, but they're gonna do it. Can I do a version on stage? And so Well Wait, you weren't you, but you, you had to assume that a lot of that was gonna be a build, right? Like, you weren't gonna shoot it on a practical train, all that stuff, were you?


No, no, no. But I really wanted to go to Japan and like get some, you know, some real environments. Sure. And like, you know, and real grit and texture. And even the tone of the movie is now completely different because I'm like, okay, we're gonna shoot it on stage. What's the anime version of this film? And then I think we did a, a big pivot, you know, with the production design and the music and like the costumes. And I'm like, I'm gonna make this sort of a anime graphic novel Yeah. Movie, because we really have one big sound stage we can, you know, do it on, but You knew you were gonna, you were gonna go with a, a splinter unit or, or a second unit or whatever and get all the exteriors and the establishing. Yeah. Yes. And actually we did that crazy enough during the pandemic on WhatsApp.


Yeah. Oh, what do you mean? I Had a, I had a cinematographer. I know I had a cinematographer. It is the greatest. I love this story. Cinematographer in Japan. Yeah. And a first ad in Japan. And we had, you know, had them for weeks scouting, sending location photos, sending video, because we, no one was allowed in Japan. You couldn't travel there. Wow. It was like, there was a lockdown. So, oh, so you did it through We did it all the plate photography we did with a remote unit. And I would get up in two in the morning and get on WhatsApp and watch on a camera. No Way. That's crazy. And so he is directing remotely. Oh my God. From the WhatsApp through WhatsApp. WhatsApp. And you're like, yeah, maybe frame it up a little bit.


You got too much. Yeah. That's crazy. You know what I mean? So your video tap was through WhatsApp as well? Or was there another piece of Software? No, we had another, we had another piece of software to give us the video and I gotcha. Okay. Can't remember what it was exactly, but It's so insane. It was crazy. We'll be right back.


You've booked your flights, you've booked your place to stay. Now what adventure doesn't need to begin When you arrive with Get Your Guide Planning is as much of an experience as the trip itself. Get Your Guide is an online platform where you can discover and book a range of activities in the US and around the world. Choose from over 150,000 experiences, including guided tours, sightseeing excursions, adventure activities, museum tickets, and so much more. Get Your Guide brings the thrill of discovery to every moment leading up to your trip. No matter where you're headed, get your Guide is the best way to connect with your destination. With locally vetted and expertly curated experiences, there's something for everyone. Whether it's musty, iconic attractions, or unexpected under the radar gems, it's awesome. With flexible booking options, mobile tickets, and millions of verified reviews, you'll find everything you need to simplify trip planning and book the best things to do in thousands of destinations. Discover and book experiences for your next trip@getyourguide.com. That's Get your guide.com.


You know, there's sometimes a lot of chaos that can happen when there's an unexpected wait. What moment or information gets lost or mixed up. Right. With Life 360, you can stay one step ahead of those unexpected detours. Where are you moments and times? It hits five minutes past the Be There in Five Text always wondering where your kid's spouse or parents are. Life 360 puts their realtime location in the palm of your hand, so you'll know if they're on their way running late or still at home. Their place. Alert notifications let you know when they arrive and when they leave a location, making it easier to stay coordinated with your family and plan accordingly. And when things get real, you can depend on crash detection and roadside assistance. Or quickly get in touch with your emergency contacts, trade flooded, group chats and panicked calls with peace of Mind from Life 360 Stay connected and covered with Life 360. Visit Life three sixty.com or download the app today and use Code SmartLess to get 15% off. That's Life. Three sixty.com code SmartLess.


When it comes to spending, sometimes it's outta sight, outta mind. That Daily Coffee Habit, those streaming subscriptions, they add up fast without you even noticing. Rocket Money helps you spot those patterns so you can do something about 'em and keep more money in your pocket. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions, monitors your spending, and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place, and know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore, rocket Money can help you cancel 'em. Rocket Money has over 5 million users and has saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to 740 a year when they use all of the app's premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions and reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to rocket money.com/ SmartLess today. That's rocket money.com/ SmartLess rocket money.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. So we, we've never had a stunt person on before and I'm fascinated with that life and why you chose it and was the first like, you know, I just watched smoking in the band and I was like, that guy was a stunt guy. You know, hell supposed hell Need, what's That? Yeah. Hell Needham Legends. If anybody needs him, hell does. So, you know, oh my God. The if so, like, what makes you want to do to do that? Because how Does somebody wake up one day and go, Hey, you know what? I'm Dude dude, I wanna up the shit outta myself. Yeah. Fall On shit. Shit. And I hope somebody throws me down the stairs today. Yeah. And don't you just, aren't you constantly aching? Anyway, go ahead.


Well, I actually, I, I am a little achy, I'm not gonna lie, but you know, I've been doing a lot, I do a lot of PT and I, I stayed Yeah. Tried to stay healthy and yeah, I, I did get out, you know, earlier than some of my friends who are still like, calling me like, Hey, I hear you got a movie going. And I'm like, got a couple days for me on that show. And you're like, you know, you're 50 dude. You're not jumping out of the car. Yeah. But like, were you, were you constantly, were your parents constantly driving you to the emergency room when you were a little boy? Were were always jumping off shit and hurting Yourself. No, I actually came into the stump business right around the time everyone was like specializing and so they were looking for like martial artists and I, I competed in martial arts as a, as a kid and like all through college and Oh wow.


I was getting really excited about using this knowledge in movies. Like, you know, 'cause you, you learn so much in martial arts that's completely useless, let's be honest. Like, there's all these moves that don't work and you're like, why am I studying all of this stuff? And then you realize, oh, because I can make up a fight with it and it could be really cool and look cinematic. So there was a group of guys that I was competing with that were in LA and they were working on, you know, these bad bloodsport movies and things like that. And I went and visited them in Mexico on the set of this movie called Perfect Target, starring Daniel Bernhardt. And Um-Huh. I watched them put together fight scenes, jump off of stuff and like, you fall into pads and I'm like, That looks fun.


I'm in, yeah. I just like packed up my car and left. I, I was teaching second grade in, in Minneapolis. I just graduated. Yeah. Wow. And you're like, instead of beating, they're Like, where you go? They're like, where are you going? You're like, I'm going to be a stunned performer. Yeah. I'm like, moving to LA I'm gonna be a stunt man. And then of course, nothing in this business is easy. And So I, I moved into a house in Redondo Beach. There were six of us that we're all trying to be stunt people. I mean, this is a show in its own right? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. So we, and we dug a, we dug a trampoline in the backyard without telling our landlord Sure. We bought our pads, we bought an airbag, we went out to the desert. We built high fall towers.


We were just gonna train Wow. To be stunt people until somebody crazy gave us a shot. No Way. And those, are you still friends with those, that group of Yeah, they're, by the way, they're all really successful stunt coordinators, second unit to directors. Wow. Wow. Chad Stalsky was the other sure guy. He directed John Wick with me. Yeah. You Guys co-directed John Wick and, and Yeah. That's amazing. We have a, we have a mutual friend who the great Wade Allen who, who we both endure. Oh yes. Wade. Yeah. So I, he was around in their early years as well. Oh, just love me Wade Allen love. Wait, stupid, stupid question. But what's the biggest injury? Like, what's, like, you're like, okay, I'm out, I can't do this, I'm out. So I, this is a great one. So I'm thinking like, you know, the training ground for stunt performers is the live show.


Right. And So I hadn't even done a mo a movie yet, or a TV show, but I was trying out for the Batman live show at Magic Mountain. I was by the way, trying out, I wasn't even the guy. Oh, yeah, yeah. And to play Batman. To play Batman. Excellent. And I was showing off, I was like swinging from the, the, the car goes under this catwalk. I grab the bar and I'm supposed to do a back, well, I'm not supposed to do a back flip, but I'm gonna show everybody how I'm gonna do a back flip. Oh my God. Yeah. Famous last words, hold my beer. Right. And then I was like, I completely under rotate it, put my wrist down and I shatter it in four places. Oh my goodness. Wow. Wow, Wow. I'm like surgery, you know, I have a big halo on my wrist and you know, and it's super embarrassing because again, I'm not even a stuntman yet.


Right. I'm just like the beginning of my career trying to break this business, just Trying to cover it Up and, and do you think, and do you think, and do you think like, oh shit, I'm not, I don't have what it takes because I broke my wrist. Like is there part of you that we were you, were you discouraged? I, I I was embarrassed more than discouraged. I think, you know, there was a great group of guys that we were all like, we just really believed it. You know, we really believed we could make it. And part of it was this conversation we overheard in a diner. We always tell each other this today it was pretty funny. There was two women in a diner sitting behind us and they were like, Preparation plus opportunity equals miracles. Sister preparation plus opportunity. And so we would jokingly, we'd always say that, but we really meant it.


It's like, get good, just get good. And then someone will open the door and then you're good and get to do stuff. And so we would just train. All we did was train. Like, I Mean, it's crazy. Like Tron, which I love Tron, the Bourne movies. Yeah. Like it born Crazy. I mean that is what a, I I, there are very few movies that I watch on repeat and the born movies are are in there. Yeah. They're so good. There are like five. Do you guys have like five movies that you, that you will repeatedly, repeatedly watch? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have the Born movies. Yeah. Ronan Midnight Run a Midnight Run With and with Nail and Eye, that's it, right? Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Midnight run. So good. David, What, what's, what's what's sort of agreed upon as the, when you say that the stuntman, sometimes I now specialize.


What is sort of a, the agreed upon hardest thing? The high water for all stunt men? Yeah. Is it, is it driving stuff? Is it firework? Is it free falls? Is it? Yeah, Well look in the fall guy, we got to like, you know, sort of play homage to all the, the old school stunts. Right. We did this like incredible car roll Like Tall Robinson. Yeah. And we did the high, we did a high fall. Like, and that was Bob Brown's kid and who was a legendary high fall artist like that, that is really like the lost art. Mm. You Know, the high fall down into like, down into an airbag. Into an Airbag, you can See those anymore, right? Yeah. You, it's all cable drops now, isn't it?


Yeah. We Use, you know, visual effects lets us erase the wires and we can use high speed winches or we can use descender rigs. And there's a lot of ways to do that, you know, in a safer manner, but Right. Like when we did it in the movie, we had Troy, Troy Brown come out who's, you know, Bob's kid and he's one of the few people that can, that do it and like, has trained that old school sort of stunt. But look, it's such a wide discipline of stuff. Like, and that's why you have to be specialized because, you know, everything got more and more technical as we tried to make it safe. And so yeah. The drivers specialize in driving and, but, But, but is there one stunt that exists in, in cinema?


Like in film that is, that is heralded as the stunt? Like, Well, you know, you don't see anymore, and I wonder if this is the answer, is the fire gag. Like, you didn't ever see somebody lit on fire anymore walking around like, oh my god, put me out. Put out. Yeah. Because they're in like, they're in like a Michelin man suit. Yeah, Yeah. Well now there's like, they've invented this great gel, actually a there's a stunt performer. There's got a company called Action Factory and he just won, or he was, he was recognized by the academy for a technical achievement award for his gel, this stunt gel. Okay. That allows you to basically burn Yeah.


For a long period of time without the, the big suit and like without the prosthetic mass, you just rub it on your body. Well it's, there's the asking for a friend, there's the gel underneath it, but it's really the fuel that burns cooler gel. It's a combination of the, the water gel, which is like an aloe based gel and then the fuel that burns cooler. But look, it's all like the circus. Like there's all these sort of secrets. Jay, What's that story from you? When you were, you were 18, you had to use a gel for burning. What was that? What was that whole Thing? Hey, Hey, hey. But is there, but I, but I guess what I'm asking is, is I, is wild there? One thing that everybody uses, as you know Jason said, you know, like there's a particular style of stunt that's the high watermark, but is there one performance stunt performance that everybody goes, that's the granddaddy of the mall.


Somebody who did like a jump or a thing or a fall or is Well, what about that jump in the one of the born movies where the guy jumps from one building into another building through a, through a side window? Yes. How does that camera follows him in? Yes, I think about that all the time. Yeah, it's, it was pretty amazing. It's really Impressive. And, and Matt must have loved it. I mean, you know, sitting there with his Dunking Donuts coffee in his hand. Oh it again Watching on a, he was already on a Yeah. You know what? That looks really fucking good from over here. Yeah. Do it one more is the one where we can see his face a little bit less. That'd be great. Just so people believe it's me. Fuck it. I don't want anybody taking my credit Tom to fix his head. No. Matt, you know how Matt is, He probably was sitting on first unit. I mean, I don't know if we shot it on second unit.


I can't really remember that. But yeah, it was, it was a pretty amazing stunt. I, by the way, I drive Matt crazy with questions about the born movies all the time. I I make him insane. I ended up, Frank Marshall ended up giving me like a rap gift, like from the first one with the briefcase and the jacket and stuff. 'cause I wouldn't stop bothering him about How'd you guys do that? Yeah. And then what did you do when you did that? Like, I'm so annoying. I love those Movies so much. David, how do you feel? Are you excited about this? You know, the Academy Awards are gonna, Well this is what I was gonna bring up. Yes. This is David's. David has been leading the charge on this, Jason. Oh no. Do you know this? No, not at all. David sort of grab, really grabbed the reins on, and David, I I want you to say it in your words, but I wanna tee you up. Tell Tracy what this is.


Yeah. You have a, a re it's a real breakthrough in entertainment and in, in our a New category in the Academy Awards. Yeah. Yeah. It, look, it was, it is been a long journey and look for 20 plus years inside the academy, there's been a lot of stunt coordinators working on it. You know, Jack Gill, Greg sms, Melissa Stubbs, there's been a lot of people trying to move the needle. And after, you know, we basically, we, we made Fall guy. We're coming back from making fall guy. We are all feeling really excited about this giant commercial we made for why there should be a, an Academy award for stunts.


And I just went in with Kelly, my wife and producing partner. We went in and talked to the academy of like, what's been the stumbling blocks? How do we get this done? You know, casting found a way to get this done. How can we find a way to get this done? And they really did. There was a, a tremendous amount of support inside the academy. And they just said, look, we, we have a roadmap you follow. And it's just been some sort of lack of clarity. And so Kelly and I really went down the road of like trying to rebrand what we were asking for. Mm. And I think, you know, the, the Academy obviously has these, this legacy of honoring design, like production design, costume design.


And I think when people think stunts, they're like, what are you gonna give the stunt to the, you gonna give the award to the performer or are you gonna give the award to the, the person that rigged the stunt, the coordinator? And it's like, no, we're gonna give it to the stunt coordinator, the department head. The tradition is you give it to the designer. Right. And so we rebranded our credit on the fall guy, and this was Kelly's idea to a stunt designer and Chris O'Hara, the stunt coordinator on that. We went, Kelly went to the guilds, she got it approved by the WGA and, and the DGA, I'm sorry, the DGA and, and sag. And, and it was like we, we got the credit stunt designer and that was sort of the first That's really cool.


That's great. Now and so now this year and then the next Oscars stunts Are Gonna be recognized. It's, or maybe not next. Well, It's gonna be two years. Two years I think. You know, that's kind of like they, we have, we have some internal things to do Sure. In terms of like how it's gonna be awarded and Right. And they wanna, they wanna do it on the hundredth Oh, on The hundredth Anniversary. Wow. Do we know if that's gonna be a part of the primetime awards or is that gonna be the technical awards? I think it's all open for discussion and really wasn't what we voted on this time around. Yeah. But it's, it's, it, it's exciting. Like look, I think it was, it's long overdue and I was happy to be instrumental inside the academy, like really getting on the zooms with all the governors I could and like really canvassing it.


And then, you know, for our final vote, I curated a, a video presentation with a lot of director friends, celebrity friends that were really advocates. Right. That's, well I honestly, David, kudos to you for doing it. I think it's awesome and I think it's awesome that the academy recognized it too. So kudos for them for, for that. And, and I, as we all know, and, and Jason, I've heard you talk about it before and we all know here on this and, and people should know, you know, everybody who's on set when you're there, everybody is a filmmaker at that point. Everybody is part of the filmmaking process. Right. 'cause no one there that doesn't need to be there. Exactly. Especially when it comes to rigging up a stunt is such, is such serious work.


So much safety, so important and rigging. Yeah. Ugh. And that recognition is is is long overdue to Yeah. To all the incredible stunt performers out, out there. Thank you. So, so really kudos to you. It's, it's awesome and yeah. Yeah, That's great. I have a question about like overall stunt work do Well because from Will and Grace There Was some PR falls in Exactly. Yes. By the way, by the way, one of my, one of my entrances on the, by the way, This is me. I don't, One of my entrances entrances on David Letterman. When I, when he had his talk show, they let me jump off the balcony onto a what? Yeah, I jumped off the balcony onto, what is it called? Nice. Like a Padd pad. A mat? Yeah. Like, like it was sold with air, like an air Pad.


Oh, like an airbag. Yeah, an airbag. I can't believe they let me do that. So Anyway, David, go ahead Sean. No, I was just gonna say, so is it by the way, that's whatever that is, but is it true that, oh sorry, Sorry, hang on. Yeah, no, no, I just meant like I can't believe somebody let me do that and I'm not, I wasn't even, anyway, Best stunt performance in a talk show appearance, There was no stunt coordinator on set. There was none. Was none there a bump? Did you get, or did you just get the appearance fee? Or was there a stunt bump? I think I a bump Jason, you always, Jason, you always did a bump before Letterman, didn't he? I always loved a good bump on Letterman And not Letterman, but anyway, yes. So, but is it true to like get, do you guys get, or the stunt people get paid every single take, is that right?


It's not like a regular acting fee or whatever. Is it true that that's how they get paid? I heard that one. Well That, that, that's a great trend. That's a great, we can explain what Bump means in the stunt world. Yes. So every time, yeah. Well, in the eighties it meant two things. I'm sure probably meant one like how am I gonna get ready and two, how am I gonna get paid? Yeah. But it's really, it's called the stunt adjustment. And you get, you get money for each time you do something that's dangerous. And that's sort of, it's de it's decided by the stunt coordinator in production and like sort of agreed upon. And so yeah, if you did this, that sta that stair fall I was talking about in Fight Club. Yeah. I mean he was probably getting $500 each time by the way, On top of his, On top of his salary.


David, I like the idea that he's like, he's like, he's like, Hey man, listen, my kid needs new braces. Do just throw me down a couple more times. Fuck it up. You know? Exactly. Exactly. And we Will be right back.


So I don't know about you guys, but every day it seems like I go 110 miles an hour and I write, you know, a hundred emails a day and I just wish I was smarter at it. I wish I sounded smarter in the emails. And so there's this great thing called Grammarly I'm gonna tell you about from emails to reports and project proposals. It's more challenging than ever to meet the demands of today's competing priorities without some kind of help. Grammarly is the essential AI communication assistant that boosts productivity. So you can get more of what you need done faster no matter what or where you're writing. Grammarly's AI lets you easily adjust your tone and writing with just a few clicks, helping you communicate more effectively and connect with your audience exactly as you intend. You deserve to be equipped with the best tools to do your job with the right AI support. So like I said, I'm doing all these emails and when I'm doing, I'm doing so fast, I always use Grammarly to just kind of do a once over and it makes me sound smarter and it makes me sound more like myself. And it actually makes me sound like the thing I wanted to say in a better way than I could ever like that last sentence I just finished. Let Grammarly take the busy work off your plate so you can focus on high impact work. Download Grammarly for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's Grammarly dot com slash podcast.


Guys, newsflash, I like candy and I like it a lot. And one of my staples in my house is Twizzlerss ate 'em all the time. Especially as part of my movie Candy. When I go and sit and watch a movie, I pick Twizzlerss. The fun never stops with Twizzlerss. It's the candy that lets you stretch out the fun. Other candy can be too sweet or overpowering. Twizzlerss is the perfect level of sweet and comes in the perfect chewy twist that everyone knows and loves. Twizzlerss is the perfect summer snack companion to unwind at the end of the day and doesn't melt in the summer. Sun Twizzlers have something for every fruity chewy candy lover. The original strawberry flavor is where it all began. Twizzlers are a classic and give your mouth something to smile about. So on my little table by the couch in my family room, I have a bunch of little glass jars with a bunch of candy and one of them is Twizzlers. Like I said, I love the strawberry, the classic strawberry Twizzler. It just reminds me of being a kid. And it's fun to just chew on while you're watching a movie. Grab a bag of Twizzlerss and stretch out the fun


You and we deserve snacks that are better for you and incredibly delicious. And that's where Skinny Pop Popcorn comes in. Skinny Pop uses quality ingredients to bring you the light and tasty flavors you love. The original Ready to Eat popcorn is made up of just popcorn, kernels, sunflower oil, and salt. That's it. In addition to the original popcorn, skinny Pop also offers a variety of delicious flavors from white cheddar to sweet and salty kettle popcorn. Skinny Pop Popcorn is always non GMO gluten-free. And there are many vegan options too. So stop everything and add skinny pop to your grocery list. It's okay. We'll wait. So for me, whenever Scotty and I are gonna watch a movie at home, I mix the original popcorn with the kettle popcorn 'cause the kettle's a little more sweet, but the right original is a little more salty to get what I'm going for. It's kind of like how I cut my apple juice with water. Anyway, skinny pop popcorn, deliciously pop, perfectly salted shop. Skinny pop now.


And now back to the show. Wait, you, you mentioned that, that your, your wife is your producing partner. Yeah. Kelly. Talk to us. Talk to us about that. That's, that's, that's She's Awesomes awesome. She's awesome. How long you've been doing that. I mean, the fact that you never have to be separated because so much of what we do necessitates a separation from your family. And I know Boohoo, you know, the, these are high class problems, but you know, it it is kind of tough. It's so great. It sounds like you guys get to stick together all the time. Talk to us about that. It really is actually. I mean we, so we've been to, we've been married 12 years. Yeah.


And it, we, and it's been, it's been amazing. Like look, I it we, we've met a little later in life and that that was great. She's Just, was she a, was she a producer when you met her? Yeah. Is that how you guys met? I mean, she Had, she came, she worked at Scott with Scott Rudins company. Yeah. And then she ended up in LA Yeah. And she is a hundred percent responsible for me turning, becoming a director. Oh really? I'll give her all the credit. So she sort of, she wasn't a manager, but she hip pocketed Chad and I when she was working at this company called Sierra Affinity, which is a foreign sales company. And she was curating their slate of projects and she was like, I'm gonna get you guys.


And, and Nick Meyer, the guy that owned that company, allowed her to do that. And so she really, you know, taught us how to take meetings and like really was a champion to the agencies about these guys direct action. But they also tell stories. Yeah. And she was like a big advocate for us. And she ended up finding John Wick. It came through Sierra Fin's office and she sort of slipped it to Chad and I and she's like, you guys should meet on second unit and then you should pitch yourselves as director. Oh, that's cool. 'cause it's all action. And Then was that your first film as a director? Yeah. And was that the first John Wick? The first John Wick? Yes. Wow. Now, Keanu Reeves is notoriously very picky and, and snobby in the best way about directors, as is Brad Pitt.


Like these guys just work in director vehicles, even though they're enormous stars and can work in and create star vehicles and just get any director that'll listen to whatever the hell they want to do. They don't do that. They, they they love to work for. So what a huge compliment that you ran through whatever gauntlet creatively through Keanu, who's so discerning. That's that's awesome. Yeah. He he was incredibly supportive from the beginning. And he is, you're right, he's like a, a director's actor. Yeah. Like he loves the director and he, you we had worked with him for so long on the Matrix sequels. Okay. And we had trained him for those sequences. And, and Chad was actually His So who's familiar with you guys?


Yeah. And he, that's great. And then we had helped with choreography on Man Taichi, something that he directed. And so we were like, we maintained that relationship and friendship. So then when it came up, Hey, there's a lot of action in this movie. Yeah. We'd love to be considered. And we put together our presentation, our look book, our sort of, you know, our character sketches and our arcs and we pitched it to him. He said, let's go to Lionsgate and tell him you wanna do it. Wow. Do You ever see yourself, Dave, do you ever see yourself doing something kind of moody and small and talky just as, just as a gear shift? Yes.


Yeah. Do you, Do you have a script? Do, do you, do you wanna submit Will? Yeah. You got one? It's real talky. It's just me basically talking about it's In a room. It's, you know, it's hard because, I mean, I have so much fun, you know, sense Deadpool, I, you know, everything's had a real fun tone. Yeah. And I do enjoy comedy. You know, I'm, that's why I'm, you know, not only the reason, but I'm a huge fan of all your work. You know, all you guys, guys, like, you're just so fricking funny. And that's why we have to do something together, please. The, The, the SmartLess Stump movie. I see It now. Let's do it. Or you, where you just throw me down the stairs and that's It. Right over and over and over. By, by the way, by the way, before you get into it, because I want to hear your, I want to hear your answer of what you want to do.


Just, just a reminder audience, the films that you've done, that you've directed, just that you've directed. John Wick, atomic Blonde, Deadpool two, Hobson, Shaw, bullet Train, fall Guy. Like these are, yeah, it's incredible. I know these are in, these are all big, like, big cinematic, you know, event movies that people love To go with. Really exciting stuff. Just To remind our listener, thanks. These are the movies that you love. This is, And the degree of difficulty is super high. It's Super high. So, so having said that, so you've done these big movies that take a lot of planning and a lot of resources and figure, so do you see yourself making a, Something simpler? Yeah, no. Well, I do. I mean, I, look, I, the, the fun moments for me right now, it's not the big action sequences.


I mean, again, I love making them, but they're the sort of like earnest dramatic moments, you know, I think into the Fall guy, like some of the scenes with Ryan and Emily that are really sort of emotional, They're both such good actors. Yeah. They're, yeah. And like watching those, collaborating with those great actors and like bringing, you know, some real humanity to the screen. Yeah. I think separates, if I pat myself on the back for a second. Yeah. I think it separates what, you know, people go to see my movies because they're big action movies and there's com subversive comedy and all that, but they're, they remember them because they love the character so much. Right. And it's 'cause you actually cared about them. Right, Right. Well, I think, and, and, and it goes to David also, like how I kicked it off, which is you are such a great guy and you are such a, you are a very thoughtful person.


And so it, it doesn't surprise it, it wouldn't surprise me if you did something like leaning more that way. And you're right, your movies do have those elements in it. So it'd be cool to see. I think you'd be really good At it. Yeah, I would love to do, you know, a straight up drama. I think right now I'm actually in Pittsburgh and I'm prepping the next movie. It's called How to Rob a Bank. And it's the, it is sort of a new, you know, taking a heist movie and turning it on its head. And I have Nick, Nick Holt and, and Pete Davidson. Amazing. That's awesome. Yeah. And there's a lot of dramatic elements in this project. That was why I'm attracted to it. Yeah. Talk, talk about that for a sec.


Like, would you have been as excited earlier, earlier that that, that a project like this is sort of led with, you know, just sort of, you need to be able to talk actor bullshit lingo, and you need to be able to talk fucking, you know, lighting and editorial pace and, but, but, but do you know what I mean? Like how was, how was that a comfortable transition for you? Or, or not transition, was it a comfortable process for you to learn and get as familiar with talking actor or talking gaffer or talking camera operator as it was talking stunts? Like was that, was that, was that one of the big things that was like, oh, you know, like I can coordinate a fight, but the, the other part of the just directing stuff is being able to like, help an actor kind of find a moment or try or talk to, you know, the, the, the gaffer about, you know, what the lighting strategy might be in this thing, or talk about that stuff, or Tell Jason Bateman that his wig is slipping off.


You know what I mean? Yeah. You gotta take him to, to the side, you know, because no One knows, No one's gonna tell. Yeah. Well, I will say yes, you get, you get better each time out. And I think, but I did, you know, I had, for better or worse, I had the training wheels of second unit. Okay. And yeah, so with second unit, you're still working with actors and like, you know, a movie like this, you know, this blockbuster teenage mut Ninja Turtles that Will and I worked on, ah, like, I mean, I were, it Was a block, it was a blockbuster, it was number one for three weeks. Go ahead. It was, We, sorry. We, I worked with Will, you know, I got to work with actors and we were working on performance even inside the action.


Yeah. So you were constantly, like, you were learning actor speak at that way at that. Right. Right. Just that, well, but then, you know, obviously sitting in the, the first unit chair becomes, it's a different animal, but I felt really, really comfortable from the get go. But I think it was, you know, having years of like, you know, being a second unit director, getting more and more a bigger piece of the, of the film each time out, you know? Yeah. Like these big commercial films, like, you might have like six weeks of second unit, you know, it's a lot. Yeah. And it was, that's more than we had to shoot John Wick. Yeah. The first movie. That's wild. What would, what, what would, what would, what would folks listening who are not in, who are not in this business, what, what, what part of the process as a director, would they be surprised to hear is really not enjoyable?


Not really pleasant? Is it, is it, is it the, is it sort of the start of things like sort of pitching, you know, trying to describe what you're gonna do to these studio heads when you're sitting in an office, you know, or is it, is it marketing? It like, talking to the press afterwards about what to expect? Like, there's so many different parts. Is there, is there a part that's particularly unpleasant to you or, or a part that you're still kind of getting used to or making friends with? I, I mean, getting 'em, getting 'em off the ground is always the hardest, I think. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I, it's just selling, Selling It. Yeah. You know, and like, and getting people involved and getting their schedules right. And like getting your key collaborators to believe in it.


But Even once you, even once you've sold it just from the mo, even once they say yes, even from the yes to first day to actually showing up, you're like right to the end's, right. You're like, we're suppo. It is never a hard, like, are Like, are we green lit? Are we green Lit? Are we green lit? And you, you're working on the budget like the week before they're like kind of approved budget. Right. Explain a little bit how that works. Like Yeah, you're, you know, you, you, they say they wanna make it for something and then you get it into that box and then the, you know, you have a creative idea, moneywise. It's like, that's a great idea. And then you're like the Yeah. The money box. Yeah. And then it's like the box expands and then you try and get it back in and it's constantly like trying to hit a number.


Well, whether it's a, you know, a hundred million dollars movie, because there's all these expectations that drive those costs up. Or it's a $25 million movie, like these ones that we produce that, you know, the, It, it Never green. Nobody's coming out. Nobody too is coming out in August. That's another exciting. So Psych, nobody with the great Bob Odenkirk, who I Yeah, yeah. Love that. Who we all know very well. Love. I just saw him on stage at Glen Gary, Glen Ross. So I did too, Jay, I Just saw so great. Is he My God, was he great? Yeah. So great. He's, Oh my God, he's amazing. He's so good. And nobody too, I'm really excited about it. We've had, can't, we've had, we had a great time making it. I, I was actually one of those where Kelly produced it, but I was on set quite a bit.


It was really fun. Like, we were super Isn't that Sean? That's your, that's your handle on Grindr is just nobody, right? And then That's Correct. Yeah. Okay. And just my photos are just the neck down neck. So you don't get a, you can, you don't get a lot of downtime to just go travel or do anything. I mean, it seems like you just go project to project to project. Right now. It's been that like the last 10 years has been pretty busy, I have to say. Like, we, this is amazing Movie, movie number seven. Wow. And then plus the, the ones we produced Violent Night with David Harbor and the Nobody with Bob. So, but again, I, I love it. I guess I kind of grew up, I said my adult life was all physical production. I loved it.


I love the set life. I love Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. My fellow friends on there. I love like waking up, eating the bad burrito and like, how do we get this done? Like, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I miss it. It's been two years since we were on set. Oh, no way. The fall guy. Really? Yeah. Wow. So for me, it's like I'm ready to, to dig in and, and shoot some Stuff. How are you liking Pittsburgh? What have you found up there in Pittsburgh that you, that you're liking to do? We Play, honestly, we play pickleball, So Yeah. Good. That, have you have, have you, have you experienced any life scarring injuries from pickleball? 'cause that it, you can really recognize. I know, yes. I, I, I, I knew somebody that works in the ER just recently.


She said, most of the people that come in here pickleball. Oh, it's, I swear To God brutal. David, I, no offense, I'm not a fan. I'm not a fan of pickleball. You're not, did you play tennis? You tennis? I'm a purest. I just, I don't know. I think of pickleball. It's a fat man sport. It's replaced racquetball. You know, you stand in the middle of the thing, the ball's gonna come to you eventually. You know, Racquetball. I love racquetball. I I know I used to play with Johnny Schwartz, remember? Yeah. JB back in the day. Fuck. I Love it. Can you, there's even places to play racquetball anymore. I love it when You find them, you're like, oh my God, look at that big white room, Like squash. 'cause it was harder. You know what I mean? And you had to kinda Run and get Yeah.


But there's a very unsatisfying sound and, and, and, and hit, right. How Dare you say that about squash? We almost enjoyed it immensely. So you playing a lot of pickleball, which is good. Yeah. Our nephews go to Carnegie Mellon, the Kelly nephews. And so it's been odd, like being here. They're both in college and we're now here on prep, and it's like, Hey, you guys want to hang out? It's Saturday night. And they're like, yeah, we're in college. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. And you're, and you're 50. Yeah, exactly. And You're 50. Yes, exactly. Oh, Well, da, I again, David, I, I just wanna say, I, I wanna reiterate how cool it is Yeah. What you've done for the stunt performers and, and to really cool to, to bring them Thank you.


You know? Yeah. To, to get them recognized and, and that the academy did that is really awesome. And, and so congrats to everybody and Yeah. Congrats again, again, another testament. What a great dude and what a what an awesome guy and what a great director you are that you've become. And increasingly it's just so Yeah. Thank you. It's You fucking rad. And I'm, I'm happy to know you and, and continued success my friend. Yeah. The, Yeah. It's great to have talked to you for a bit Yeah. About all this, man. Thank you for your doing this. Thanks for having me on. Yeah, Man. Appreciate this has been so fun. Send my love to Kelly, if you will. Please. I will. And yeah, and we'll talk to you really soon and, and have a great time out there in Pittsburgh. I Appreciate it. Enjoy the rest of your weekend. See you. Bye. Cheers, pal. You too.


Bye. Bye. Bye. That was a great guest there, Willie. Yeah. Where's going? Really super guy. I'm such a fan of his, I'm really stoked it worked out and that, that the sketch worked out and, and he's such a great guy and I have had the pleasure. We also made a commercial together that, that hasn't aired for a bunch of reasons. But, and so, and it was something that, it was great, but we didn't really have to do much. And we were just on a stage for three days at Paramount. Yeah. He seems like a, a really fun hang. So We just like, kind of hung out for three days. Yeah, love that. And we did this, this thing. He was fine. And the people were really nice and we did a nice thing, but I just got to spend an additional three days with him like four months ago and it was so great.


He's such a good, thoughtful dude. I think we should workshop what, what the SmartLess movie would be that we can pitch to Him. It, it should be stunt intensive. Of Course, the three of us, the three of us get kidnapped by a disgruntled listener. Yeah. And, and we're tied up in the back of a vang disgruntled Listener. And Sean is held hostage at the donut factory. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Oh, I'm back in. I'm back in. It's just to keep him fucking quiet. He's got a dozen donuts in his mouth. The entire movie, By the way, by the way, the, the last day, our last day mine and Scotty. 'cause Scotty's in Will's movie as well. Yeah. We sent donuts to everybody on set. They Did, Huh? They did. They saw, sent Donut, they sent donuts. And then I asked him if he'd had any, he said, of course.


And then I had a great moment, I will say, I won't say where. Yeah, that's right. But I had a great moment. There was this big show and Scotty said this like, I don't know, like 30 boxes of donuts on, on, on this big table. And at one point I see, I see like four cops standing over it. And I was like, and I didn't have my, I never had my phone. I was like, where's my fucking phone? It's real. I know. It's pretty good. It's three. They were great guys. Anyway. David's great though. You know what the, the one thing, here he comes. No, no, no, no. This isn't it. This isn't it yet. But I did want to ask him because he does seem so levelheaded and like really cool. Like you're saying just like he is really cool, really like down to earth. And Jay, you're the same way I I imagine on set where you're just, but it's like those, you're those types of personalities that are like just down to earth and have to keep everybody happy on a set.


What do you do when you get so fucking pissed at about a person or something? How do you stuff it? And then how does it come out later? Well, let's ask Amanda. 'cause she's usually, Wait, wait, sorry. She bears the brunt of most of the frustration. Wait, wait, wait. Oh, wait a shot. I was sorry. I was actually reading something. Oh, right. Say that one more time. Oh my God. No, no, honestly, I just, we just got a pitch for a buy. But what, what was the what? No, No. Did you say, when somebody says something that you don't like, how do you keep your face? No, No, no. Like, like you guys have personalities where you have to, you're very levelheaded and you have to keep the peace on set all the time. And when something somebody or something really pisses you off, you can't let it out. So how do you let it out later? Or what do you do about stuffing all that?


Like, oh yeah, I know. I mean, I, I am, I am not perfect with this. I'm sure some, some will attest, but I, I guess you just like it anything like you or Will or anybody else in this world, you just hope that you have managed your day properly leading up to that point where you are living in a place of patience and compromise. Yeah. That you need to sort of, because there Yeah. Yeah. There just must be so many things that are just like, what the fuck? Like all day long when you're directing, like when anybody's directing, Why are you so mad yourself right now? You're already worked up. What's Going? I know because I feel like I would be that way.


That's why It's part of the job though, right? It is part of the job to, to manage all the incoming. If you're gonna raise your hand for a leadership position, there's a lot that comes with it. So unless you can do it all hand, you know, hand What you know, what it is. I think that you gotta do. I think that in those moments when you have that stuff, there we go. There we go. No, you just gotta be calm and you gotta think about what, what certain people would do. Like, you know, historically, people who are good, so you think about great people and thing. You might think about this and you think about God and whatever you do, you can always look it up in the bowl. Or you might need to just bite you that tongue Bite.


Don't waste that one. Okay. Smart. Smart. Less. SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts, or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts plus to start your free trial today.


The new Balance 10 80 is that versatile go-to sneaker, that's ready for anything just like me. Whether you're hitting the pavement for a run or just running around town, you get that perfect mix of comfort and performance. So you're covered from coffee runs to race day. And runners love that cushion to midsole because it's got their back, well actually their feet. By providing security and comfort for smooth, effortless runs, plus the lightweight, breathable, upper keeps things cool and fresh, no matter how far you're going. Ready to upgrade your kicks shop the 10 80 now@newbalance.com.


Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars, Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars, okay? Not flying cars, but as soon as those get invented, they'll be on Autotrader Snap. But they do have extensive search features. And Kelley Blue Book, my Wallet, a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So whether you want something practical with no surprise costs or the latest trends, if you see a car you like, find it on Autotrader.