
Hey guys, you wanna know an easy genius hack to improve your life, eat more Reese's Peanut butter cups. Sure, there are countless life coaches, gurus, and thought leaders out there, but none of them are sharing this simple secret. Eating a Reese's Peanut butter cup brings a burst of joy to your day. They've got the perfect ratio of sweet chocolate to salty peanut butter that's sure to satisfy. And there's no wrong way to eat one. It's all about whatever makes you happy. I should speak right? I love them. Shop Reese's peanut butter cups now at a store near you. Found. Wherever candy is sold,


old FedEx doesn't know your small business yet. Maybe it's handmade apparel for dogs. Maybe it's handmade apparel for cats. Maybe it's handmade apparel for chinchilla. What FedEx does know is that running a small business is hard enough without the hassle of complex shipping. That's why there's FedEx one rate. Did you know that with FedEx one rate you can ship your holiday packages cheaper than the post office? Send packages as low as $14 and 50 cents for small boxes. Visit fedex.com/one rate for details. Exclusions apply Valid at ten six twenty four through 1 19 25 FedEx one rate two day retail shipping, one flat rate.


I wanted you guys to know, I hope you're rolling on this. You ready? Here we go. I want you guys to know that this morning this is the most serious cold open. Yes, I've been in a rough place and this really, I, I feel like I've shared a lot in the last year. I've been a rough place, But I have been a lot going on. And this saved me this morning after a few days. I love It really saved me knowing. I love you saying you might not have made it. You might not have made it to lunchtime. No, I would've made it. I'm not, I wasn't gonna take my own life, But I I was in a pretty bad place. And knowing that I was coming here and then getting on and seeing you guys, this is just made by day. That's it. Isn't that nice? Is that why you took a little shower, a little self-care, combed your hair, put on a nice top. I wanted to look nice for you guys. You know, I wanted to show up here and be respectful of the process that, that I, the one, the thing I can count on is, is you two ding-dongs.


Yeah. Ah, And then the other, and then the other three. Ding. Dunks, who we work with as well. Robin Bennett and Michael. So it's a six. I know it's a late Thanksgiving's been a minute, But I want to say thank you and I'm very grateful for you guys. We love You. Likewise. And we thank you. And you make our day too. Always. You, anytime You want. And so let's try to make other people's days and let's, let's, let's Wreck it all again. All this Fresh episode of SmartLess Smart. Less Smart. Less smart, less.


Oh. Speaking of medical conditions. I know. I can't even, I can't Even, you don't wanna talk about it. We can talk. I'm, I'm an open book. I'll talk about Anything. Shawnee wakes up in the middle of the night with his, with his heart thingy for, and everybody other than Tracy here, the reminder is he is got an AFib situation. Right? Yeah. Which necessitates the paddles at the emergency room every once in a while. Right. Resuscitate. It's is insane. It's like if you had a car that would constantly just like, have trouble getting started Yeah. You would eventually replace the battery. So you're replacing me on SmartLess? Well, no, just your Heart, maybe. No, we thought about it for one second. We never could get You on a list. We didn't even do deep, We didn't do a deep dive. So he wakes up in the middle of the night and his heart's not working correctly or so he thinks, And so he doesn't wanna wake up Scotty.


So he calls a Waymo for himself Sure. And gets himself to the er. And Scotty wakes up later with a phone call from Sean from the ER saying, yeah. Hey buddy, I'm here. I just want to give you a heads up. All good. So I guess it's kind of nice that he doesn't want to trouble Scotty and worry him. Yeah. And just calls him from Jb JB not once, twice. Twice that night. In the same night I got cardioverted twice. So I went under, and then they gimme Jimmy Kimmel calls me paddles Right. Because of this. Yeah. So paddles got it twice that night. Yeah. Where my cart and Yeah. It's pretty scary. And yet you still made it out to dinner the following night. Yeah. You Weren't in a, the same, In a great place that night. No, I was a little foggy. I was a little foggy. Yeah.


Oh, I felt bad. Yeah, of course. You were accusing more so than usual. You've been, you've been, you know, electrocuted twice. Yeah. Your, your body had been, you know. I know. It's a lot's Wild. Are we, Are we, by the way, the nurse, the nurse told me wild before I did it. She goes, you know, I had a big tough cop coming here once. And he said, I don't wanna be put under when you cardio when you do the paddles, you know, clear. And, and the cop he wanted to ride. It was like, he's like, I don't want it. I don't wanna be put under. She's like, sir, no. Everybody is put under. He's like, Nope, nope. I don't want it. And she goes, I've never heard somebody scream so loud in my entire life. The guy got Claire unk. And he was like, Why? Because it hurts when it's an electrical truck. Right? Well, your whole body goes, it's like being tased.


Right? So Wait, how do you know? So it is like being tased Sean? Tased Shante. That's Your new name, not paddle. Sh tased TAs. All right. That's enough, didn't you? Yeah. I mean, you got, weren't you tased once at an Indigo Girls concert or something? What's the story on that? You had parked your, you parked your Subaru With all the stickers, coexist and all that stuff. And you parked, you were at We used to stay in college for the Indigo Girls. You bend Oregon. Okay, keep going. Sorry. No, I said it's college. And we'd say, if you take the N and the O out of Indigo girls, it sells. It says, I dig girls. Yeah. Thanks everybody. What A call it did.


Now was this you, you were, this was at Harvard. What a, Hey Sean, just to close the loop. Are are you on the, are you on the, the backside of, of figuring out this heart thing? Do Yeah. I'm going, I'm going today after this. I just want to get, I wanna say this all jokes aside. I, and we, I speak for Jason. Love you very, very much. Likewise. And the idea of you not being fully well is very distressing to me, to be honest. Well, thanks. And I wanna make sure that you're okay. So are we doing ev is there anything else? Yes. Today I'm going to like a super specialist. Okay. But what does that mean? You're going up into the thigh again? Is it like, are we knocking you out again? Like is this a major surgery? Yeah, it's not surgery. It's just, it's like a two hour procedure.


So it's Just out. So it, it's not a general, it's just that the, or an t An hour. It's not even two hours. It's an hour. You're getting the twilight, propofol, Propofol, Propofol. Yeah. Oh, This, this greatest. This is what's driving all of this. You are so addicted to, to anesthesia. It's pretty beautiful. Yeah, I Know. What is, you know, you know what happens. The ball is Something else Isn't to Mr. Jackson, right? Yeah. Well, I'm not taking it to sleep. Well, you know, slippery slope. JB you had it right when you got your, your thing. What do I have? When we had our things, when we all had our things looked at What Happened? What, what? When they went up our butts. Oh, No. You mean the body scan? What? Who looked at a body scan? No, you're talking about a, a a, a colonoscopy, right? Yeah. Yeah. Remember. And Heather. Yeah.


That's just a twilight. Is that propofol? That's pro. That's propofol Now. Like the cop I requested No anesthesia. Propofol. Come on. Keep it clean. We've a respectable guest, Sean. Yeah. Come on. Here we go. Real Respect. Respectable guest on deck. Okay, let's, well, let's hear it. Here's the, go to the intro. Jb Here we go. This is great. Yeah. Hey guys. Fresh off the pages of Wikipedia comes his very special. He always talks about his special intro that he does. And it turns out he looked at it again, it goes back to my, that thing that I hate, which is people go, like, I did some research. And I'm like, oh, do you have the internet? I do too. No. That's my wife's line. I don't, I've never, I never say I've done research on Anything. I know you don't. I know You don't. Man. Today we have simply put one of our finest filmmakers living in the world.


Okay? His films have received 28 Academy Award nominations taken home, nine of them in gross, nearly $2 billion. Oh my God. His films have captured the small and the nuanced human condition, as well as the enormous scope and scale of sci FI's most complicated stories, guys. He's our perfect guest for Will. He's a Canadian for me, he's a beast of a director. And Sean. No way. He's a titan in the sci-fi world right now. Ooh. Ladies and gentlemen, here he comes. Deni. Oh, No way. You're Kidding me. Oh my God. No Way. You're kidding me. No way. I think bad to interrupt your conversation. I apologize for The mic And I was learning a lot of dramatic things.


Please. En One cigarette, one mistress. My, I took a coffee with my mistress. No, no. What an absolute honor. This is Huge. Oh my God, my great pleasure to be with You this morning. I just wrote you an email, like a dorky email like three or four months ago. I don't know if you guys, you did. Yes. Hold on. What? Do you know him? No, I just, it was just a fan Fan email. Yeah. I just wrote you an email. I was just like, Oh my God. I He got it. But no comment. That's Right. What was it? Was it notes? Was it notes on a locked picture? It was notes on arrival. You did though. I'm not sure I got that. You mean, I'm sorry. No, but you know, a, a arrival I've seen, I don't know how many times.


I just think it's one of the best movies ever, ever. I mean, it's just incredible. Thank You, Sean. Yeah. I, I So, so much good work. My goodness. Thank You. That's it. That's it? Yeah. That's the interview. That's it. Thank you for joining us. All right. I go back in the dark by No, no, no. All right. So yeah, but It was pretty dramatic because I don't, I don't know you gentlemen. And, and, and it was a very intense conversation you were having about your common friend that is having right Now. You know, it's not, I feel the Yeah, It's, it's, it's actually sounds more intense than it is like a AFib. AFib doesn't cause a heart attack untreated.


It can cause a stroke. But AFib itself is not that serious. I'm told We are not a medical podcast. We are not giving any, I'm Not the, I want a second opinion on all of this. It seems it's just too common these trips to the fricking I know, I know. Its pretty crazy emergency. Anyway. Well, you know, we're all of that age, Denny. We're you're, you're near us, right? We're all in our mid fifties or close to it that all this, all this shit starts to, starts to wobble a little bit. The nuts on the, on the on the wheels start to get a little loose. Right? And, and we always start, and We are, we are, we, we are rather at that peak. And now we're starting slowly, Right? It starts to ache. Let's, let's think that we're maybe plateauing before we get to the downhill.


Denny, let's think that, just enjoy a little, We're that plateau. Yes. Yes. Keep talking about this part. But We talk about, we, we end up talking about a lot of this stuff. 'cause Jason says, because it's happening, and also we're friends and, and it's, I don't know about you guys. It does seem like I can, I said to Sean the other day, falling Apart. No, Life is in session right now. It does feel like The world life is in session. Yeah, for sure. And, and, and you have to, I I've had a certain amount of not to get lately of, of surrender to it. Yes. And just like I, you, I can't fight it. I have to kind of go with the flow a little bit these days. Yes. And I'm concerned about things with health and with family and, and friends and Yeah. I Literally listed all the things Will's going through last night.


He's like, oh yeah. Wow. But Everybody is, every nothing's happening to me. Life is just happening. Yeah. And so, anyway, so Denny, you're catching us in a moment where we're Yeah, but this is about as philosophical as we get. Yeah. Yeah. That's, But the thing is that it's good that, that Sean is, is, is actually taking care of it and making test. And then, because if it, the, the, the, the bad thing is when you have a surprise that comes out of nowhere. Oh God, yeah. That as a, like, if I lost a friend of mine that was like 58 jeanval, the director of a a ERs buyers club. Ah. Oh wow. Who, and, and a just biggest surprise, it was a healthy guy And they just fell on the floor. Bang. And it's, it's things that, so it's good that you, you are at least you, you know, you are taking care of it.


There's someone so, so it's gonna be good. Yeah. You have, It does. And that gives you perspective, right. You, when you have that sort of, when you get that, that contrast of when you see that happen, and these guys know, I lost my friend, my dear friend Jeremy last year quite suddenly as well. He wasn't even, I, I guess he was, had just turned 53 at the time. And it was very sudden. And, and it really does, it really puts everything in perspective a little bit. You know, for me it did. I don't know about you with losing your friend, but it, it, the perspective Absolutely, absolutely. A big shock. Yeah. The thing is that the doctor said is what is shocking and what we don't accept is that people actually have days of preemption.


I mean, the, there's a, sometimes we are meant to be a certain length, and sometimes it's some people are meant to live less long. It's, it's, it's shocking. But it's True. An expiration date. Yeah. Yeah. Expiration date. I, I was, I was doing French. Sorry. No, That the, Well, Somebody, somebody put it, well, the other day, to me, they said, life is a journey. Death is a destination, you know? And it's, it's true. Because we're all going there. You, it's true. You it's true. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And it's like, what do you do? What, what do you do with your time? Are we doing, are we using our time correctly? We're at that age where we are sort of at, you know, past the midway point where we're at that age where you start losing your parents and mortality really comes into focus. And have you used your time well to this point?


And what are you gonna do with your remaining time? And A wonderful theme in all of Danny's work. Yes, exactly. Yeah. But It's, it's a team that is, is, is, is one of the main theme of arrival. And that's what one of the thing that I loved about the short story. Yes. It was based on the story of your life written by Ted Chang. That is a little masterpiece. And it's about Yeah. Leaving that to, to the present time to make the best out of it, and not to be afraid of living because of the fear of death. And that, that I thought was a, a nice thing in this movie. Yes. In the, in the, in the short story. Sorry, I, I, first of all, I didn't, I didn't know, I didn't know it was based on his short story. Sean, you you knew that. Sure. You have to read the short story. I will. The short story is a masterpiece. It's like 28 pages or something written by Chang, a very, a very, very strong sci-fi writer.


And it's like a, it's a little gem. Yeah. I'm gonna look it up today. And I, I also think just hearing you say that reminds me of, it's really brought into focus tell to, and it seems almost elementary, like, kind of so obvious. But you gotta tell the people you love that, that you love them, and you've gotta make the most of those. It's not, it's not about living the most your remember like, I'm gonna go out and I'm gonna parachute today, or whatever. It's, it's more that go and, and spend time and tell the people you love, that you love them and, and be as loving as possible. And, and I've really been, I think so too. You know, I, I just saw this thing Willie, everybody that this pastor was saying at a commemorate, what is it called?


A speech at, at a college? A a commencement speech. Commence. Yeah. And, and he said, when you're, he goes, I've seen thousands of people die. I've been on the, you know, or hundreds or, or thousands or whatever he said, standing next to them on their deathbed. And he goes, not one person said in their last breath, bring me all my awards. I wanna see my awards one more time. Bring me, bring me, bring me my certificate from college. I just wanna hold it one more time. And he said, what people ask for are the people that they love. Like Will was just saying. And that's the only thing. They don't say, bring me all this sh all the stuff I made that Is so I love That. Or all the, all the achievements I've I've made, they said, I love that. The people I love. Yeah. Yeah. And that's it. Well, Danny, so Oh, I imagine you get access to some of the greatest writers stories, ideas, scripts.


Is there, it's must be hard to pick. And is there something that jumps out at you quickest when a project comes before you, you know, if, if it's, if it's a story about mortality or, or the human condition or, or just just the human part of something. Is, is there something that, that you really like to make movies about, sort of a, a through line that exists in everything? Mm, It's a good question because I, I'd say true, true. The, my, the movies I've made, it's, I always have the weird impression sometimes that the movie are choosing me more than us. It's like the projects comes and there's something, a connection that is sometimes difficult to explain that is very intimate with the project.


But, but recently, I, I've been more drawn towards books that I, all books that I have been with me since a long time. Like the Dune books, the books that I read when I was a teenager. Yeah. And those books have deep roots in, in my, in my mind and in my soul. And my, those books have been with me through, through the years. And I know that because I have a relationship of decades with the these books, I know that it, that it means something so deep that I I it, it makes sense to spend years trying to adapt. And I, I will have the same, I have the same relationship with the book that I, I I, I'm starting to work on an adaptation of Archy Clark Rendezvous with Rama, which is a space, a movie that takes place in Space is a book I have read when I was very young.


Again, it's a books that stayed with me through the years and Wow. When they have roots like that, it's a, but to answer to your question Yeah. Existentials movie about the question about our, our our why are we here? I was gonna say, Yeah. Right. I love that. And then is it, is it, but is it, is it somewhat daunting to, you know, especially with books that you, that you love, that you've had as a part of you for so long? Is it, is it brutal to try to adapt those? Because, you know, most books are too long to fit inside of 120 page script. And so you've gotta get rid of a lot of stuff. Now with Dune, fortunately, you were able to break it up into two parts, and the second one was the second half of the book.


Massive fan, massive fan fans as opposed to a sequel. So it was just, you broke the book up into, into two films, which is incredible. The third one, potentially third three, right. Well, the third coming up right is a, is a, is a brand new story. It Is the second book that would be the adaptation of Do Messiah, which is the second book, the first movies were about the, that first book Do Right. It is the first artist I've, I've approached when, when I decided to make this adaptation was an Zimmer, because I was just out of a, of a movie with him, And I absolutely adore working with him on, on Blade Runner. He's amazing. Yeah. 2049 and, and, and, but Tracy, that's the composer Han Zimmer.


Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and he Why did, why did you choose the composer first? Because I knew that I will need a, the score in Dune will be essential, will be absolutely crucial to the success of the movie, to bring that kind of sacred quality that I wanted. And also because I, it's like, it's a, it's a matter of context. I was working with Ants. I, he asked me, what will you do next? And we were talking about Dune, And I saw his face change that because it's it's favorite book tools. And, and we start to talk about it. And, and, and the brainstorm about it. And s said to me that he had not seen the, the David Lynch movie because he wanted to stay pure a virgin.


And they didn't want to see, he said, one day, I know I'm gonna make the score for a new dual adaptation, And I want to, to know nothing about what has been done. I want to stay, why, why I'm talking about this is because ants right at the beginning said, but is it a good idea to tackle to the i to get close to a, a, a, a teenager dream and to try to bring to the screen something that is so dearing to our art. And it is dangerous. It's, it's, it's, you, you, you're meant to fail. You are gonna fail. It's like you have to accept that you're gonna fail, that you're going, you will be able to bring a little bit, a bit of it, a part of that dream on screen, and the rest will be far away from it.


And that space between what you achieve, what you were able to bring, and the the thing that are different means that I have space to grow and to get better, to make another movie. If I had absolutely succeeded, then I Would be in deep trouble. Well, well, I mean, it it by, by that measure the need by that measure, it, it, it would seem that if, if you were to look at it trying to hit that target of, of that dream of a, a teenage dream, if you will, if you were to do that to the letter, to the number to be Right. Exact, that would be in effect, the failure. Because the success would be everything beyond that, the unknown that you would bring this new, right.


Like that idea. I, I, I wonder if I, I, you know, I think about the films that you've made, And they have such scope to them. They are, they are these, there's a sort of an epic nature to, to all of them. I'm, I'm such a, like Shana and Jason, I'm such a massive fan of your films. And I wonder they're so ambitious, visually, storytelling wise, all of it musically, all, all those elements. They are very ambitious. They're very big. And what, what was the, was there a moment when you were young, when you, you saw a certain film or a certain type of film, and you said that's because for me and Jason, you may be able to answer this too, as a director, are there moments where you go, this is where I want to go.


Like, this is the kind of thing that inspires Me. But there's a one, I remember that one of the first movie that had a, a big impact on me was, And I saw it on TV frankly, was 2001, A space oci. Yeah, of course. When I saw that film, I was like, oof. That really was like a, almost a trauma at first. Yeah. You see those. Hes being afraid of that sculpture in the middle of the desert. I was so frightening and strange and, and poetic and powerful images. I Would say that discovering the work when I was young, discovering the work of Steven Spielberg, it was a true close encounter of the third kind.


Oh, that's a movie. Incredible. That really blew my mind when I was a kid. Totally. Also, when I saw Bladerunner the first time, that is another one. The original Bladerunner. That was something that I really, and I'm a, a Star Wars generation. Yeah, yeah. I, I, the first movie that I, I, I asked my parents to see in the theater the first time. I said, I want to see that. It was usually they were bringing me to the theater. But first time I said, I Would love to see that, looking at my dad's newspaper. It was Star Wars. And, and that was something that Yeah. Changed the, I remember the mph the, the energy coming out of this movie. It was incredible at the time.


Yeah. I was 10 years old. Like, probably you, I was like the target audience. Yeah. I mean, I was like, it's, it was, the impact of that film was insane. Yeah. And we will be right back.


There's nothing like the atmosphere of home during the holidays. To create the perfect backdrop for all your holiday memories, shop Wayfair. Wayfair brings together all the thoughtful trimmings, durable cookware, and cozy holiday comforts you need in one, easy to browse place for any budget. Wayfair is your one-stop holiday shop for everything on your to-do list. From extra seating for the whole family and bedding sets for your guest room to kitchen brands you love and tabletop decor for every holiday. There's something for every style and every home, no matter your space or budget. I just went online to Wayfair And I got some holiday accent pillows. I got one that said hot cocoa. I got a plaid one. I got one that said, cheer and enjoy because most people that come over this time are assholes. Set the scene for new holiday memories with Wayfair. Head to wayfair.com right now to get your home holiday ready. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Rakuten is the best way to save tons of money this holiday season. With Rakuten, you can stack holiday sales and deals on top of cash back to maximize your savings at over 3,500 stores. Shores will be at the highest cash back rates of the year, all the way up to 15% cash back at some of your favorite brands through the holiday season. Here's how it works. Your favorite stores like Macy's, Nike, Bloomingdale's, pay Rakuten to send them shoppers and Rakuten passes on a part of that money to members via PayPal or check get cash back at hundreds of stores across every single category, including fashion, beauty, electronics, home essentials, travel, dining, And so much more. Plus, membership is free and it's easy to sign up. So I use chewy.com a whole bunch with whatever Ricky needs. My, our dog, Ricky Goldendoodle. And so I go through Rakuten and I've saved so much money because I have a little bit of a problem. I buy him too many toys 'cause he's so spoiled. And I've used it so many times. I thought maybe I might change just for me, the name Rakuten to Rick Tin. Get it. Join the 17 million members who are already saving. Start all of your holiday shopping@rakuten.com or download the Rakuten app to start saving today. Your cash back really adds up.


You know what I'm kind of known for my deep voice. I think Will's is a little high. Mine's probably a little deeper, which can be useful for a commanding respect from pets, making anyone a convincing superhero. But having a very deep voice can also be helpful for getting hired for advertising campaigns. But a deep voice doesn't sell B2B and advertising on the wrong platform doesn't sell B2B either. That's why if you're a B2B marketer, you should use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has the targeting capabilities to help you reach the world's largest professional audience. That's right. Over 130 million decision makers all in one place. All the big wigs and medium wigs, also small wigs who are on the path to becoming big wigs. That's enough about wigs. LinkedIn ads allows you to focus on getting your B2B message to the right people. So does that mean you should use ads on LinkedIn instead of hiring the man with the deepest voice in the world? Yes. Yes, It does. Get started today and see why LinkedIn is the place to be, to be. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/smartlist to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/smartlist terms and conditions apply.


And now back to the show. Well, you know, something that I, I I love about, I think 2001 might be my, my favorite film. And the thing that I, I think really draws me to it time and time again, is not only the music, but the, and his composition, et cetera. But something that I just realized while you were talking that It does so well that your films do incredibly well is, as Will said, your scope, your scope, your ability to cinematically capture scope and scale in the obvious large scale.


But in also in the internal scale as well, the, the, the massive scope of, of a human's internal experience in a certain story. Like there's, there are things that are incredibly small and intimate that, that goes on in, in 2001 as well as the obvious external large scope of space and, and these, these, these machines and et cetera. Talk a little bit about your ability to capture that and, and the, the departments that you're drawn to in filmmaking that, that allow for you to travel as, as wide on the internal journey of a character as well as the external of these, these massive undertakings that you do from a, from, from a production standpoint.


Yeah. The, the thing I think that scope and visual effects and thing is, it's like, it's not that difficult. I think that the, the thing that is a, a challenge that, that I'm focusing a lot on set, is to try to make sure that the emotional journeys of the actors, of the characters are authentic people are, I think to me about intimacy. But it's, I I think it's more, it's a, everybody all the directors are trying to, to be, to bring the intimacy, the, the, the, the inner world of the actors of the characters are their inner journey on screen. But it's, it's about the, the inner logic authenticity of that journey to make sure that it feels like genuine human reactions.


And, and, and, and I think that's where the strong emotional impact comes from. When you feel that there's something that feels real, that feels like you can relate to. And it's a, it sounds obvious, but specifically in sci-fi, I feel that very often characters are not, they don't behave like real humans. It's a, it's a personal, it's a personal rea sensation sometimes that I have that I can be two dimensional and it's, it's coming. Yeah. Maybe already. It's just like I, I, coming from the documentary, I did documentaries when I, I was young. I, I, it's something that I think that I, I'm really focusing as I'm writing when I write or when I, I, I'm, I read the screenplay or when I'm, I'm, I participate the writing process of a screenplay.


I, I try to focus on and, and with the actors as well to make sure that that journey is, feels like grounded Yeah. Has roots in, in, in something real. So when Amy Adams see the Alien and we believe it because it feels genuine, it feels like a, a, a, a real human reaction. Does it make sense? Yes. Balance. Well, Yeah. Well, Jason, Jason, Jason, you, you kind of brought it up about that inner and, and Dan were just touching on, I I I was thinking about specifically Stella's scar guard character in the two dune films Yeah. As this, I forget his character's name. Yeah. The bar then. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And he's this, he's this, I mean, he's this incredible villain of all villains in a way.


He's this sort of despicable person who does the most, sometimes the capable of the most awful things. And yet you see in that moment when he's, you see him eyeing the throne and the throne is available that moment, you see he's not just a bad guy like jab of the hut. Not to make the comparison or talk down, but you see the envy, you see the desire for that, the thirst, the hunger for it to reach with his eyes are reaching for it. Could it be mine? Yeah, yeah, yeah. In this way that's almost Shakespearean. Yeah. Yeah. And but very real and human too. Absolutely. I, I found that shot of him when you cut to him.


I found that very alarming. Yeah. Well, you're making my, my day. I thank you so much because you're the first one who was talking about that moment. It's exactly this idea of addiction to power. The man is about to die, but still, the idea that it could get closer to to, to power is like a, a human addiction. I'm, I'm really Thank you very much for pointing that. Yeah. But there are, there are, you know, there are components to building a moment like that, that you're just uniquely incredible at in your ability to, to balance all departments, to create that moment. And so for our listeners out there that, that aren't as familiar with, with what happens on set and the sequencing of things, talk a little bit about how you approach a, a moment like that where you know that it needs to have the authenticity of, of sort of the human condition to counterbalance this crazy, odd sort of space, world netherworld.


That's, that's, that's not really that tangible, but, but the human emotion is, And so that needs to be real while this other stuff is not that real. And and are you thinking I'm fully reliant on the actor to really ground this with, with no acting and just being raw? Or do you predetermine a certain visual language, a a certain piece of music from Hans, a certain bit of sound design from your, your mixer. It's like, you know, there's so many different elements that you can do to build a moment just perfectly like that. Talk a little Bit about that. It's a very good question. Thank you. It's, it's, it's a, it's a ba it all shots are different from that specific moment where the baron is like lying on, on the, on the stairs.


It's a character. For those who haven't seen the movie, it's a character that, that is just about to die and see suddenly the throne, the king is left the throne and the throne is up the stairs and he's looking at, at the, the, the throne and is crawling through towards it. And with a moment like that, it's a, it's a, I will say is it's a very simple image. So it's, it's about tel it's, I, I, I explained to tel the idea and, and tel scars, guard who plays a baren will, will perform and, and bring that to the, to life. Sometimes I will say that the camera angles and the, the camera movement can help to en enhance our, our elevate.


Thank you very much. I appreciate it. Sure. That's why I'm here. That's Why I'm here. That's why you're here reinforc into an idea. The camera is, is always very powerful. But, but it's all the, the, the bird of the ideas acting. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. But, but let's say perhaps, especially in the, the, And to answer to the the about music, it's something for me that it's a power. It's very, music is super powerful and, But I try to not think about it as I'm shooting because it needs to be on screen first to Sure. I I, it's something that, well, I had a question about that. Well, let, let, lemme just finish just one point. Sorry. But, so while the music can come and does come much later in the process, the assets you may need on the set to create the visual of it, IEA techno crane or whatever it is, that you wanna shoot that scene in a certain way, you need to have a lot of that stuff predetermined so that you've, you've got your crane there that day and and your, your, your, your rigors have, have set up the lighting in such a way, et cetera, et cetera.


So how do you manage the balance between having an actor have the freedom that you want to give them, but also fit inside sometimes a very technical and pre-thought and heavily prepped visual sequence that you need them to fit inside of. Hit this mark, react this way, turn this direction, you know, to fit something that may have other departments all predetermined, But it depends. A good example will be the sand worm riding where playing poetry, three Ds will attract a sand worm. And then when the sand worm arrives nearby him, he will jump on the, the worm. And ride the worm. So it's a sequence that is like Ely storyboarded Yeah.


And needs a month of, of, of prep. And at this moment, the, let's say that the, the choreography that I impose, I'm more of a dictator. I impose a rhythm and precise choreography that mate has to follow. But inside that choreography, there's tiny moments where Timothy, when I'm in closeup And I, how we could, he can anticipate the arrival of, of this, of this beast toward him. The way you can act with his eyes or the, there's tiny thing in the, the micro precisions of acting that, that he can bring, I mean that I'm open to, to ideas, but general, sometimes the, it's more loose.


Some sequences I, I have, there's more space for, for the actor. And tho those are also, I love when, when I have time to give space Yeah. To the actors, to, to, To let them freestyle A little, to breed, to, to, to bring some ideas. I'm, I'm talking about the, the, the, the settings of a scene. It's, it's, it's can be that it's can, it's, it's very inspiring when, when, when, when people bring good ideas. But yeah, But complicated. Sometime when you, when you have stuff that's predetermined and then you've got an actor that's got different ideas, and it's like, well, no, no, no, we can, this isn't one of those scenes where you can freestyle got what Say exactly. Know. Exactly. But in the same time, it requires tremendous acting skills to be able to, to perform and, and to bring life to, to like facing the worm or any Adams facing the aliens, or to be in relationship with something that doesn't exist.


It's like, it requires nice imagination. And, and, and it's not easy to, to, for actors to perform in those movies with big toys and all these things. And to, to answer to your first part of your question about techno cranes or dollies, et cetera. Those are, are, are, it's, it's all planned in, in a, in advance as a, when I, I built the scene, it's all drawn prepared so we can, we know exactly what kind of technology we'll use on the day. Of course. Was there a, was there a lot of green screen versus volume stage on, on dune one and two was, what was the, did you use any of the volume stages? Was it all green? Was there split half and half?


No, we were all out. It w we, we, it's all practical. We were almost as possible outside in the real environment or we Wow. With real sets. Yeah. We built most, we built as much as we could. And, and we, we are, we were in the, the real environments in the desert and Yeah. And, and those landscape are for tho the people who have been in, in, in the landscape that have, that are bigger than life, that bring humility into inside you. That the impact on those landscape is tremendous. On the, on the actors and, and myself and the, yeah, I watched the whole, I watched the whole behind the scenes, all of it, all of the doom. We know both do. I was, I couldn't consume enough of it.


It was just, I I was just blown away with how it's made. And one dumb dumb question I have is when, when people are walking in the sand and it's the first prince footprints in the sand, that's one take. Like how do you, yeah. How do you do that? It's, it's, it's a, it's a, it's, You know what I mean? You're Gonna love show business. You're Gonna love show so much. It's, It's, it's the red crew. It, it, It required a certain, a certain amount. We can erase footsteps in the background, things like that, that with CGI, but we cannot, you cannot have an actor walking in their own footsteps again, because that's a nightmare for VFX. So, so You have a crew with rakes. So It means that we have, like, we have to plan to find areas where we will each take, move the camera, put the camera on a dolia, and, and move, find another spot, make sure that we have the perfect sense place to do five or six or seven or eight takes that we will also have the, the crew will have the discipline not to make any footsteps on the other way we choose.


It's, it, its feels, it sounds simple, but it's not, it's like when you have a crew of 800 people in the, in the sand to, to make sure that everybody followed the same path and, and yeah. Amazing. And that it, it gives the opportunity to see crazy things. Like every night when I was going back from the set, when I had sunset, that the, the, there were a hundred people grooming the, the sand dunes to the footstep that we had made. That's terrible. So the wind that will do his work during the night, and it's poetic. It's that thought, Oh my God, I'm I, am I a yellow manny monster because I people grooming the desert, Sweeping the sand. Yeah. Believe me, I've had the same thought. I want Jason made some footsteps in the sand and he yelled at his caddy.


He said, you missed a footprint when he was playing golf. He's a, he's a real monster. But, but Denny, you know, Jesus, When I was thinking about you were talking about the actors and, and, and asking them to have imagination and working with them on all these thoughts and these inner life and stuff. And I was thinking about the collaboration that you've had with, with a bunch of different actors across a bunch of your films. You've, you've used and worked not used. You've worked with lots of people in different roles. I was trying to think who was, well certainly our friend Josh Brolin. You've worked with a lot. You, I think starting in Sicario, which which is which I want to get to another great one.


Yeah. Which is an incredible, I urge anybody, if you've never seen Sicario to Please Seal. Oh goodness. So great. It's, it's so phenomenal. Jake GI Hall you've worked with a couple times. I, I think, right? Yeah. With prisoners, Emily Blunt, and then our, our good friend Emily. Yeah. You've had a lot of repeat collaborators. Yeah. But the, yeah, it's, it's, it's all about the nature of the project and, and the parts a bit boring, but it's, yeah. I, I wish I could work with all of them again. I'll do it. And, and, but it's, it's just, but it's a, it's a, it's a thing that honestly I adore working in, in United States, that to have access to all these incredible actors.


I mean, it's like, and it casting is very strange. I mean, it's, you, you bring someone on on and it's intuitions about the, the the proximity of a, of an actor and, and, and a role. And, and you, it's, it's a gamble in some ways. But yeah, You, can I go back? What's, oh, go. Yeah. Just one really quick question about the music. 'cause I thought that was interesting. You said you, you were talking to Hans before you started, and do you listen to cues or music before you even start thinking about how you're gonna film it to get ideas? Like do you, or writing, you mean, do you envision stuff from listening to music or, or do you wait to incorporate it later?


I'm gonna be very honest. Every time I write or direct listening to music, and that's why I see music. I'm, I'm very sensitive to music. I absolutely love music. But It does like a, you know, I remember once, one of my first film, I was directing a, a specific scene, And I, as I was like alone in my bubble with my headphones listening to this fantastic piece of music and I'm, I was saying to myself, it's gonna be amazing. Whoa. It's going woo. It's gonna be something, but it, it's the power of music. You know? Then you look at this thing, all the music like, Hmm, yeah. I, the same with writing. Sometimes I write something And I get emotional.


I'm like, Oh my God, maybe I'm great. And, and then, you know, you read it the next morning, it's like, no, it's the music. Maybe it sounds stupid, but, But I, i, it sounds, but it's the truth. I cannot work with music. I, I work with silence. Then I, I, I can try to, and it, and silence is my friend. I love, my sets are very boring. They, I, I'm not a funny director. I'm someone who loves to, to, to, to be in the, when I get in the car in the morning, it's total silence. I need silence. I arrive on set. I need silence. And I try to, to protect that bubble all day long. Yeah. That's where I can find my way. When there's music, I'm gone.


It's too powerful. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's, and this is why when to answer your questions. It's like, even I have music from the, from the, the past movies right now. I cannot listen to this music. It's too Powerful. Oh, yeah. You introduced me to Max Richter because I never, I never heard of him. And I was like, what is that piece? Incredible piece. So Powerful. That's powerful. Staying with music though, where, where for you does the score and, and the sound design begins? Talk, talk to us about that process for you, and when does it happen, First of all? Yeah. It, it has to, I am, I try to think about the sound and the structure of the sound design as much as possible in the screenplay.


Okay. And, and I know as I'm writing that I will need music. There, there I'm, I'm, I Would create a, a sequence with musical sequence more So it iss something that is, is in embedded in, in the DNA of the screenplay. Okay. But then when we edit the film, there's like, I'm working with an editor, Joe Walker, who was a master that Joey is coming from a, was studied as a composer. He was a composer first. Then he did sound at the B, b, C as a sound editor. So where I'm going is that sound, what I love. And one of the reason I started to work with Joey, we made many movies together, is that for him is he sound is as important as the image.


And it's something that when I was making in the movies, I felt that the sound was coming at the end of the process and with very little, little time. And I was always kind of disappointed, not having the proper time to make a, a real embedded sound design. And so now I try to bring the sound as early and, and as possible. So it's like, as I'm shooting there, we, we have sound designers that start to create specifically with sci-fi, to create the sounds that will be fed to the editing room very early on, on. So I, I'm, I'm, these sounds are time to live with them and, and make sure that they will enter the test of time and, and get used to them and, and, and make sure that they are right through time.


It's not just flashes that the last minute flashes, it's, and it gives, of course, more time to explore experiment. And, And so the sound is something that is, again, as important as the image. And, and the, with the Nuon and Zimmer boat composer, were flirting close to the, the, the, the sound design sometimes, meaning that the music, sometimes there's like a, there's like a dance that I I I install between the designers and the composer, that they will flirt and cross sometime the border or one of each other. Yeah. And for that it needs communication. But that sound design is embedded prior to you spotting with the composer and figuring out where you're gonna put some of the music.


But it's so, it's, it's, it's the sound design first then. Yeah. Yeah. But I will say that it depends on the sequence. Sometimes I, I, I said to the team, the ears, and we will let we, we live. Zimmer is not known to be subtle. You know, when he get invade, the soundtracking mean there's no, so there's some moments where we say, okay, that's the area I said here is gonna be, Here we go, we go full hands or, or Here we go. So it, it's, it's trying, trying to find the right balance between what the sequence the scene needs. Yeah. Yeah. It's about the needs. It's the movie that, that guides me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We'll be right back.


There are so many reasons why your sleep could be compromised, but there's one great solution to help improve your sleep. A Helix mattress. Each Helix mattress is the perfect combo of comfort and support with foam layers on top and individually wrapped steel coils in the base. And with so many unique Helix mattress options to choose from, just take the Helix Sleep quiz on their website to find the perfect one for you. I know you guys know I have a dusk luxe. I've had it forever. It's the best mattress I've ever had. It's a Helix mattress. It's called Dusk lux. I've said it a million times. Go get one now. Listen up, because there's a special offer for our listeners. You can get 20% off and two free pillows for all mattress orders. Just visit Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess to take advantage of this special offer. That's Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess.


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. The holiday season is, as they say, the most wonderful time of the year. It can be filled with joy and happiness, but It can also be the most stressful time of the year. Scheduling conflicts, added expenses, family dynamics and drama can all take a toll. So it's important to slow down and not lose sight of your mental wellbeing. Therapy is a great way to do just that, not only during this stressful time of the year, but all year long. And BetterHelp online therapy is a great way to get into therapy. BetterHelp is designed to be convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a credentialed therapist that fits your needs and preferences. Once matched, you can connect via phone, video, text, or chat. Whatever works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So this holiday season, give yourself a gift you can appreciate all year round. I mean, seriously this season, right? I mean, as I said earlier, you got the family coming in and the scheduling and the weather delays, and then, oh, somebody burnt the Turkey. And I said, like, you gotta have yourself a nice big surplus of patience and compromise. Well established. So how are you gonna do that? You're gonna maybe call up BetterHelp and get yourself all cleaned out and ready to go so you can handle everything coming your way over the next few weeks. All right. Makes sense, doesn't it? Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/ SmartLess.


Sick and tired of traditional old workout gear. Discover Vuori Vuori products are designed to work out in, but also to look great in everyday life outside of the gym. Vuori makes super comfy and versatile apparel that can be used for running, training, swimming, yoga, or just lounging around for both men's and women's items. You'll love, you need to check out the Dream Knit Collection. The dual gender Dream knit collection is great for stretching and lounging and has the perfect items to wear for low impact workouts. The dream knit collection is made with special dream knit fabric, which is moisture wicking, made from 89% recycled materials and has four-way performance stretch. The Ponto Performance Jogger is a great jogger for men. While women will love the Performance jogger, I know people say this, But I actually really am wearing Vuori shorts right now. I have the Ponto short in Heather Gray. And not only do I feel confident if somebody knocks on the door and delivers something to, And I open it, I'm like, yeah, I'm wearing Vuori. What, what's it? What's with it? Yeah, I'm in shorts. What's the problem? Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus, enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. Can we just touch on Sicario for another moment if we could, because I'm, and just talk about how that came, how that came to be, how that came into you, into your purview and what sort of led you there. I don't know. There's something about that film that I find I just adore so visceral. It's, It's, it's, it's a, it's a, I have been very interested by the, the, that the border between United States and Mexico. I thought it was like very meaningful place in the world about our reality about it. It, it, it was very, and, and, And I, I was looking for, I was reading about it.


I was looking for a project and, and that will be for a story, something that will allow me to explore that zone and came into my hands. At one point I read a lot, but one project came called Sicario, written by Taylor Sheridan. Yeah, the great Taylor Sheridan. The Sheridan is well known now for all the work he's done, but at that time, it was one of his first screenplay. And it still today, it's, it is by far, by far one of the best screenplay I ever read. Wow. It's, it's a, the, the amount of research that Taylor had done to bring that world to, to life. I, I still, the best compliment I have from about Sicario is when I, I, I meet border officers or people that police policemen, the officers that people work at the border who saw Sicario and said, that's the real deal, really.


And honestly, it is because of the work that Taylor had done. He had done his homeworks, and when you were reading the screenplay, you knew you were in front of something that felt authentic, very, very strong screenplay. That's great. I remember reading it And I, I was like, the screenplay was so intense. I finished the screenplay, I was drained of energy. I was like, Oh my God, I love it. I'm so sad that I love this so much. I Would have to go in the dark. And I was just out of three very dark movies in a row And I was said to go back there. But it's, it's, it's, it was exactly what I was looking for. And, and it's, it's, it's by far the movie. That was the fastest process.


I read the screenplay, met the studio, we, we got along spontaneously and, and We Did the casting. It went bang i, I was behind the camera with Roger Dickens. It was like one of the fastest project I ever made. And still to this day, it was a very nice shoot because there was like, just a nice balance between the budget and the, the subject. And, and it went quite, it was a nice shoot. Yeah, it was. I just wanna say JB I want to get to your point, which is I just wanna touch on the, the great Taylor Sheridan. I, I, again, I, it, you can tell, I I, I never read the script, but you could tell the material was so strong, it really comes through, you know, not just, obviously the visual and the way the film is, is incredible.


But also that the material was, was really strong. I think it was pretty, Ah, he had crazy ideas. I mean, like that border shoot, that slow motion cha car chase at the border. Great ideas, great tailor is amazing to write cinema, very cinematic ideas, great dialogues, great characters, but very strong sense of cinema. And that I, I I'm still grateful that I had a chance to bring that on screen. That shootout you mentioned there at the, the border is, is is one of the most tense things I've I've ever seen. Yeah. Still probably ever will see. And you know, there's, you know, there's, there's obviously great planning that goes into something like that 'cause it's just so intricate.


But I guess I'm, that's my question. How much planning did go into something like that? And, and just more generally when you're working and your, your, your visual taste, your aesthetic, your, your sense of composition and whatnot is just unmatched. And you are working with the your equals in, in cinematography with people like Roger Dinkins and Greg Frazier. And what, how, how do, when you're sit down and you start to shot design and shot list and pre-vis and all that stuff, and prep and decide how you're gonna actually photograph something. What, what is, what is the relationship with with cinematographers like that, that are so accomplished and, and, And so in, in a good way, opinionated, what is the, what's, what's the back and forth that goes there?


Do you, do you let them know kind of what you're seeing and look for them to kind of plus that? Or is it the other way around? Do you, do you let them start to design things and then you let them know whether that fits inside your plan? No, It's, it's, it's, it's a, a sequence like that battle sequence, for instance, has to be planned months in advance because it's a puzzle to different part. I've been shot in different places and, and you have to create a piece of highway with, it's like with all these cars, it has to be very, very well planned according to sun positions. And, and, and, and So it, it's storyboarded and, and of course working with someone like Roger Kins will have a, will have a strong input.


It, it's, that's what I love. It's like a collaboration. I mean, it's like we will find together the, the, the right angle according to the board that I did. But it's, I'm always open. If someone has a better idea on set, that will make the shot even stronger. What I, the thing I love working with Roger is that we both are, when we are looking for a shot, looking for D angle, not multiple angle, but one, and we work, we, we used to work with one camera and just making sure that, and that's, that's something that, that that search for the best angle possible is something that with a, you're only working with one camera, something I really, really loved Sicario.


Yes. It's a, it's a only one. Wow. Wow. That No, no, it's, I, I Would say it's because I'm monomaniac and it's something that Roger has. We try one to, to put a second camera on one, and, and it was a disaster. I mean, you feel it, you, you know, it's not right. It's like, it's a, there's one place to put the camera and the rest is a, we, we are both on a movie like Doom. Sometimes there was additional cameras. It's because of the nature of the beast. I didn not have the choice of, and, and Greg Fraser had that, that flexibility to, to, but I Would say it's, I have four cameras on me right now. You Yeah.


And we wish it was zero and we wish it was zero. We wish, is there a possibility to do zero? No, because I wanna, I wanna make sure we get it. Deni, I want to say, I, I was thinking about your films and your, your filmography, your all the things that you've done. And, and they've not only have they been epic as we've discussed before, and had a tremendous scope, and, and, but, and, but also they've been a, you've tackled a lot of, I, I don't wanna say that they're dark, but there is darkness there challenging that you, you challenge people in the, in the sort of the darker realms. Certainly some of your, your earlier films in your Canadian films that these guys might not know about, but Polytechnique and Send, I'm thinking about Polytechnique, which is about the Montreal Massacre, which is, which was a terrible incident in Montreal in 1989.


I was there at, I was in Montreal that at that time you were, yeah. Yeah. And I was living there and, and And I, those films were, or, or as I mentioned before, prisoners and Enemy. And, and then you get into even Sicario. These are, these are, these are heavier subjects that you're tackling. My question is where? When's the rom-com? Yeah. Actually, for, for my, my first feature film was some kind of a romcom or not, was it? Yeah. It's not a good one, but it it was, it was a and And I, she did lose her life at the end, but yeah, actually he dies.


Wow. Hopeless. But, but the, the, it, it is one of the reason when I did Rio, I, I knew Arrival was coming after him. And, And I did Rio knowing that I Would make a movie with more light. And because I, I was like, it's true that I had made a series of film that was pretty violent and dark, and that is a, it, it, it, there's a toll to this. There's like a weight And I needed to go toward. And I think that science fiction also helped me to go toward something like looking in, in the future, something that's more, there's more light there I feel right now.


So it's a Please don't stop making the dark stuff too, because there, there is an up, seriously, there's, there's, there is an uplift and an excitement watching a filmmaker do things at, at, at your level no matter what the, what the genre, what the mood is. Oh, JB You're jb would you agree that like if somebody says there's the de nude de ovv film coming out, you're like, it doesn't Matter what it's about. It doesn't Matter. Where do I line up? Thank you, gentlemen. You're very generous with me this morning. It's True. Yeah. Oh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna shit talk you when this is open. Yeah. Yeah. I think, Well, speaking of the, of the earlier stuff, Let's, let's ask Brolin, let's ask Brolin for the real Deal, and We shouldn't, are there any films, are there any films from the beginning of your career that you would enjoy, perhaps reshooting nowadays, knowing what you know now and, and do, not that you have any regrets, but anything that, which, which I should phrase it differently.


Which film from your past do you think would be most fun to redo now that you know things now that you didn't know then? Wow, that's a nice question to know that the, the past movies are like your, your your term that the father of those movies. I, I, it's like I see movies sometimes as, as a, as a selfie of yourself. Say when, you know, when you look at pictures, a picture of yourself when you were a teenager. The shame. Yeah. It's the hairdo and the clothes. Yeah. Yeah. And I have that relationship with my past work. You sometimes I look at it And I like, Hmm, ooh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Totally. It does the true. It's, I Would, I Would like to go back to my teenage years.


Nope. Yeah, yeah. Hey, how do you, how do you, Danni how do you take care of yourself with these massive months long shoots? Yeah. Health wise or Do honestly that what, what, what, very simply I need good hours, sleeping hours. And one, one thing that I did on, on the past two movies, which was like advice in Frank from Ridley Scott, because I said, I asked Ridley, how do you do it? How do you, how can you make say one, I make a movie, Ridley make three movies, and he has a very high pacing, and it is just the how to make sure that your hours, shooting hours are regular. That there's no, and the, so I I I, we do what we call French hours, meaning we shoot 10 hours a day, but without break, lunch, no lunch, no breaks.


So it, it means that the hours are always the same. You always, that's cool. Start the day at the same time and end the day no overtime. So it's like, it create a balance your schedule. I love that. I love, so, so you're not all content, content, You do that on, on every job On the, on the past jobs? Yes, yes, yes. Oh, that great. I didn't do that on Bladerunner And I almost died. Yeah. Yeah. What, how are you on night shoots? Night shoots will kill people. I mean, literally, unfortunately at times. Yeah. It's a, it's about to create a balance in the schedule. Yeah. Trying to find a balance. So you will protect the crew from being exhausted, because for the people who don't know about shooting, is just that the nature of the, the, the, the structure of the schedule, because of the turnaround of the actors. Sometime you have, you end up starting your day in the middle of the afternoon and finishing late at night.


So it's like being in constant jet lag. Yeah. And it's not good for, for creativity time. Oh yeah. I totally Agree. It's terrible for creativity. It's terrible, Terrible, terrible. Knocking on, knocking on an actor's trailer at three in the morning. We're ready for you. Yeah. When they say they, they say, they go, Hey guys, it's lunch and it's 12 midnight. And you're like, what do you mean lunch? Yeah. This is Not lunch. I'm sorry. Right. Or you land on set at 6:00 PM and say, Hey, good morning. And said, cut the, cut the Cracks, Like Yeah, exactly. Denny, aside from the, from the, Are you a Montreal Canadians fan? Is that what you're gonna ask him? Yeah, exactly. Well, well, it was part of it. It's like, aside from the good sleep, what are, what are, what's, what's the other thing that you do to really sort of decompress and get away from the incredibly, you know, immersive work directing is, do you, do you, do you watch something silly on tv?


Are you a sports Fan? Do you watch hockey? No, But a as I'm shooting, honestly, when I shoot, I make a film is a, it's a 24 hours, seven days a week commitment. There's no way to relax. That's a, for me, it's, it's a, it's a, I am, I am a hundred percent present to the project. So there's no specifically a movie of them sci-fi movies. It, it's every second, not even sci-fi, any movies. There's no, the way I will recover from a movie is to go back home in Canada, in the forest, go with my, my family, spend time with the kids, with family, and, and that, that's where I char recharge my batteries.


But during a shoot, it's, it's during a shoot. It's, there's no moment where I can, I know that. And it's that. Yeah. And because of, because of that dedication you will now have made, it will go down in History Dune as a franchise, just like you love Star Wars as a franchise, as a kid you created, you've inspired a franchise that will last forever in the, in the, in the minds of These kids. That's nice. I Would say I was, I didn't do it thinking about the word. No, Of course not Franchise. For me, it was, I was making two movies, Of course. And, and it was not, it, it, it, there was no, because franchise for me, it's always like something that is linked with commerce or like, there's a plan for, Okay, three great movies.


Yeah, Three great movies that are connected. No, but it's not, it's not bad. It's just that I was not saying to myself, okay, I'm starting a franchise. It's, That Wasn't your goal. I'm adapting this book in two movies and we see what happens after. But, but for the fans, we're so happy you're making three of them. But, But j but Sean, not only that, but but also, does it ever occur to you, not unlike you looking at your father's new newspaper and saying, please take me to this movie. It, it must be kind of cool knowing that there, there's somewhere, there's a kid who said to his parents, please take me to Dune. Yes, please take me to Dune. That's What's, I mean, Who 10 years from now says, I want study film. Who, who makes a film? What I mean Yeah. With people they know and makes a big, huge film.


That's so cool. And they do it because they saw Dune when they were 7, 8, 9, 10. To, to be inspiring in that way. I think it's, it must be very cool. I don't know if it, it, it had happened or something, But I it would be moving to think that people could be inspired. And I, I I, I, one thing for sure is that I made those movies and we were talking about darkness and violence earlier, that the movies were made in the, for PGE 13 instead of Rated Art. It was a first time after, apart from Arrival, all my other movies are, are for adults. This one, I, I insisted I agreed with the studio also to, to make it PG 13, because I wanted the movie to be accessible to a younger audience that, that will have the same age as when I read the book.


That Yeah. So it's a, it's a, I thought it was inspiring for me when, and Adults like me who have the brains of a 13-year-old. Yeah, Yeah. At Best. Yeah. But for me, I, I like the at idea that it, it, those movies are taking themselves seriously. Right. Meaning that they are sci-fi that are not, that doesn't apologize to be sci-fi or I love, I remember when I saw the Empire Strikes back when I was 13 years old, all the impact on the, of that movie. On, on Me. Yeah, for sure. 12 years old. Oh, gosh. And I thought the darkness of it, I felt that I was, someone was talking to me as I was a, was trusting me as a kid. And, and when Darth Vader said, I'm your father, I was like, God, what would that feel like?


Yeah. Inside Joe having, Oh, well, Denny, you are, you seem as kind as you are talented. I, I just, I can't thank you enough for talking to us at three Ding-Dongs for an hour. It was a Pleasure to, to chat with you this, this morning then. And a pleasure. Thank you very much for the invitation. And you, thank you for your generosity as well. That means The world. Well, thank you, sir. Congratulations on all your great work. Please keep it coming. Take Care. See you later. All right. See you, and good luck, Sean. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Well, you got, you got blessed by the great Denny Vov. Sean, Sean, Sean. I think your prospects look good. He Just said keep, basically like hope you live. Yeah. Yeah.


From, from the Greatest to Vov. He's, yeah. I mean, Hey, hey. If you're a, if you're, if you're out there and you're not familiar, and, and again, we, we, I know that we do like, we compliment our guests a lot because we have people on that we like and we respect. Yeah. And, and, and we get shit for it. Sometimes you guys just, all you do is compliment. Well, we like to compliment people who are really good at what they do do. Yeah. And if you're not familiar, who Deni Vov is, and you're not familiar with his films, for some reason, I really, I this is true. I I urge you to go and watch some of his film, all of his films, Canadian, Canadian films that he made and, and his current, he, he's just an incredible, I mean, JB is a director. Yeah, right.


Just stunning. Yeah. Like, he's, he's not there, there aren't many in his league. I I think it's probably about, it ain't deeper than 10 and it's probably closer to five. No. And again, he made Brolin look good, you know what I mean? Oh, It's very hard to do. I mean, think about that shows what it Is. Yeah. I think how many cameras did that takes Off the, you know? Geez. But he's really cool. He is so cool. Yeah. And, and you can tell he's he's in charge, which I love. Canadian Canadians are Right? Accent. Yeah. The accent I think he needs to work on a little bit. He's from Des Moines, but he's, I think, No, he's not from Des Moines. No, no. Like dummy. God. He's, he's from, I think he's from Montreal.


Yeah. Yeah. Quebec, Well, he's que Montreal is in Quebec, but Yeah. Yeah. It's a province. He's not related to Jacques v Nov or, or, or Sure. Jill v Nov. Right? Sure. But I don't know who those people are. Those are Formula One drivers. They were Oh, excellent. Wonderful. Yeah, they Were, You know, you, you know what? Here he comes Shot. Be good. What's Up Sean? I love that he brought close encounters up, you know. Oh yeah. Why Is that? Yeah. Well, 'cause when I remember that one moment when the, you all saw the movie? Yeah. This Is gonna be so lazy. This is Honestly, when the, this Is gonna be so Freaking crazy when the little kid is standing there waving, waving to the aliens as they're leaving, he actually says out loud, What does he say?


Bye bye. Nice on yard. Nice buddy. Smart, smart SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant, Terry Rob Arm, jar, and Bennett Barco. Smart Less.


Sometimes words seem so unnecessary. Introducing Unspoken, the new Diamond fashion collection you'll only find at Jira Jewelers. And just in time for the holidays, discover the brilliance of natural diamond pendants, rings, earrings and bracelets in a range of carrot weights, expertly, interwoven, and whiter yellow 14 karat gold. It's the perfect holiday gift where your love speaks for itself. Unspoken. The dazzling new collection exclusively at Jared Three looking for toys that'll get the biggest reactions. Yes, please. Walmart has jaw dropping toys like for real.


Daisy Yoga Goat. Awesome. Razor Crazy Cart shuffle. Whoa. Hot Wheels Bluey three in one airplane Play set. And more. Three, aren't you gonna say? Cool. I'm saving it for the holidays. Smart. Oh freak. Welcome to your Walmart.