
Hello, friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Life these days moves at a lightning speed, but we all need a moment to recharge for what's ahead. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. The ultimate space to catch your breath and re-energize with available features like massaging, leather appointed seats, a panoramic moonroof, a Bose premium sound system, and ambient lighting. The Murano is thoughtfully designed to be your personal sanctuary, readying you for whatever the day brings, because sometimes the greatest rush is not rushing at all. Discover it now at nissan USA dot com. Features listed are available upgrades.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase Plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions, details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Hi, Sean. No, you're Scotty. Oh, hi, Scotty. How are you today? I was wondering if you would stick around and listen to SmartLess. Welcome to SmartLess. That Was very good. Smart, smart. Good morning. Good Morning, everybody. Hi. Hi. Morning. Hi.


Hi. Great. Sean. You all packed? Sean? You all packed? I was just gonna say, I just finished packing. I hate packing. Sean. Yes. You're going to England. I'm going to England, yes. The United Kingdom. Yes. What else? To work on a, to work on a fantastic new project. Do you wanna talk about it? No, I mean, it's a a little fun cameo in a movie called The Running Man With our friend Edgar Wright is director Edgar Wright is directing. We should have him on the show, by the way. The great, I know we should. I've wanted to for a while. And and he's a fan. He's a big fan of the show. I know. He loves that. Yeah. We love him too. Well, he is gonna be busy for a, a little while now, right? Yeah, he's been, they've been shooting already for a while. He, for Tracy Edgar Wright directed Sean of the Dead Hot Fuzz baby driver.


Tons of great movies. Yeah, Tons. Yeah. Good. Really good filmmaker. Yeah, he's a very good filmmaker. And A good guy. And a good guy. Yeah. But I packed my sanitizer because I'm like Jason A. Little bit where I, I I have the sanitizer wiped. So I wiped down the seats before I sit down and I wipe down all the Do you really? Yeah, absolutely. I See. Don't do past judgment. Yeah. Like are you talking about I would Feel embarrassed that I'm making such a big, like do you try to sneak that at all? I Don't Now You're embarrassed. I I know what this is. This is the line I don't put music on with arrows pointing at me. Like, look as I, you know, I do it like you quietly, But so you, what about theater seats?


When you're in a movie theater, do you do that as well? Or do you I wear a hoodie like this when I, I I do, I do, but I do bring sanitizer to a movie theater. And for the armrests. For the, yeah, but I don't wipe the seats in. I just make sure I don't touch them A lot. You guys, you guys are what's wrong with this country? But, but here's the, you're Truly, truly, I truly mean that. I do sincerely and I love you. Oh, that's the problem in this country. Yeah. But will, don't you see? 'cause my brain goes immediately to, so the back rests of, of theater seats or plane seats. You lean against it and then you go right to your pillow. Right? Right. So you lean back on your pillow at home in your bed. Yeah. And then eventually you flip over onto your side or your face and your mouth's open.


And you're like, so, but Whatcha talking about I don't go from the connection. I don't go if from seeing a movie to laying down. Well, if You do, eventually at the end of the night, you go home from the theater. You, you, you put on your little PJ's and then you climb into bed. Yeah. But it's, That's a lot of time for the germs to get away. I No, but the germs don't die that quick. I think, I think they last longer, don't they? I don't know. I rely on something called my immune system. And people have been, you know, doing this and living forever. What if you're smelling somebody's hair gel? You know, My grandparents grandparents lived into their, well into their nineties. My great-grandmother over a hundred. And they never owned a bottle of sanitizer. They didn't do any of this shit. They should Have. So they should have, yeah, They should have. You're Right.


You're right. You're right. It long, healthy lives. And they need, they need to obsess about it. I Know. It's just a gross factor. I wish I could not think about it. 'cause I don't think I'm getting sick. I just think I'm preoccupied with gross thoughts. Yeah, I know. I know. Any other coffee chatter? Should we get to our guests? We Should get to our guests. I, I was, no, I could talk about the airplane travel thing, but no, let's go. Okay. And I don't know if you heard it, but I did have an s on the end of that. Yes. Guys. Today it's a special treat. Oh, it's a two for Tuesday. There's two. Oh, wow. It's a two for, we didn't even have to pay Tuesday. Yeah, yeah. Two for, we're gonna double the pleasure double the fund because we've, we've got not, not just the one guest. We've got the two. And when I say two, it's kind of more like 10. Oh wow. 'cause of their combined accomplishments.


Oh, okay. Yeah. On one side, he has sold more than 300 million records worldwide. Okay. That 26 Golds, 43 platinum, two diamond. I gotta ask him what those are. Yeah. What's a diamond? He's also received six Grammys, two Oscars, a Tony and Yes. And Emmy to join the elite group of EGOT winners. He's a Kennedy Center Honor. He's got honor honoree. Honor honoree. He's received a French Legion of Honor and a knighthood from the Queen. What for hiv aids, he's raised more than $565 million. Not to be outdone. She is one of music's most respected voices receiving 11 Grammy Awards, two Emmy Awards on Oscar nomination, New York Times bestselling author.


What they've combined their superpowers to create a new album with a birthday of April 4th. They're here to talk about that and their incredible lives. I'm very excited and honored to introduce Brandi Carlile and Sir Elton John. What? Terrific. Can you believe it? Terrific. Absolutely. Terrific. The Hell. Good morning to you, Bo. This Is crazy. Hi guys. What the, Well, hello. Hey guys, can you believe this? This is good. Pretty cool. This is really cool. This is insane. And it's dark. So you must be in London. Well, Windsor. Yeah. Yeah. Outside of London. Windsor. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm from Glen Ellen, which is outside of Chicago, means nothing. It means nothing to Sean Co. Nothing to Sean. And you're together too.


This is, I, I'm, I'm, are you got, what, what are you, what are you both doing right now? This is in conjunction with promoting the album that you're together. It is In conjunction with promoting the album. So yeah. That's why we're talking to you guys. We're promoting and flouting. This is so, so cool for us, you guys. This is really cool. Huge fan of Like, to say hello to Sean, who I haven't seen for years. I know. How are you my, my friend? I, I know I haven't seen you in such a long time. I know, Sean, you owe her money. I do owe him a little bit of money. Yeah. And a little bit of a good time. Yeah, He was a rent boy when I knew him. Oh, well, he's a lease boy now. So By the way, it's still the same price.


Yeah. Because I Wow, wow, wow. Now wait, I have a, I have a great, this is so kooky. So Brandy, you know, I'm gonna tell this story when I first met you, okay, so this is embarrassing for me. So we were at a fundraiser and we got sat next to each other, me and Scotty, and you and your wife. And I sat there and like an idiot. I go and we were laughing and having a good time. I go, I'm so sorry. I'm an idiot. Are what? What do you do? And you, and you said, oh, I'm in the music business. I'm like, oh, okay, cool. And you, and you, and then you introduced to your wife, who's also lovely. And we had a great night. And then the next day I go to this meeting at like, I don't know, Warner Brothers or something.


And it's at, in a high rise. And I look out the window and the size of a building is a billboard with your face on it. And I'm like, I just sat next to her last night at Dinner and had no idea. I had no idea. Now of course, I listen to all your stuff. I've like went bananas on you after that. I've Done lots of things. I've been a roofing laborer, a barista, a grocery store worker. I've, I'm lots of things Are those, wait, are are those things true? Yeah. Brandy. Yeah. What kind of barista were you? Were you, were you good at, at the Barista Inc. I always think I would be awful at that. Well, it's All about tips time. It's all about tips. So I was Great. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you good? Are you good? Working for the tips.


I've always secretly had a fantasy to be a waiter, just So I could work each table to figure out what they need me to be, to get the best tip. Like separate audiences, you know? Jesus. Yeah. We know You. You were great at that. Yeah. We know how to do this in the music s in in the entertainment industry. We know how to chameleon. I, yeah. I never understood why, why? Because I went to a restaurant. Why we all have to combine our tips. Like, and then you split, did you ever work in one of those places where you put all, everybody pools their tips and then you split them? I'm like, that's, is That really the way it works? Yeah. It worked when I was a waiter. It Was awful. My, my, my obsession is watching Jason when people describe real world jobs, because, and God bless you, and I love you, Jason, but you've never, he grew up in the showbiz.


Well, hang up. He's been an actor since he was a kid. And he's never had a real world. Right. Jason, you've never had a Non acting job. You ever will. Have you ever had a job where you get tips? Fuck no. But I'm saying the point is, I have had, I have had real world jobs though, So I It is, Yeah. Doug Trenches. I know, I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, you guys, you two. Yeah. Let's talk about who believes in Angels. This is your new album. What about the, the, the concept for the album? How, how did that, how did that come about? Whose great idea was this to, to, to get together? Who called who? Well, I've been a fan of Brandy and a friend of Brandy's for over 20 years and her family. Wow. And I've been a, I've always wanted to record with her.


And I had the idea of making the album when the final tour stopped in Europe. I'd already booked the studio in Los Angeles for October 23. Yeah. And I wanted to desperately make a record with her. I've been a fan of hers for years. She's been a fan of mine. We included Bernie Tobin in the process, who's been my longtime lyricist. And Andrew what the producer. So there were four of us going into the studio with nothing but self-doubt and hesitation and Always for a good album. Yes. It's, and I, when I got to the studio, I was really tired. I was grumpy, I was fairly lethargic. And for the first few days, it was the hard experience because I was not in a good place.


I had so much self-doubt wondering whether I could shift this album into the way I wanted it to be. And eventually after they put, we, we filmed every song being written, every take being recorded. So my behavior is, is there for all to see. And after the first Trailer, it's Sell trailer after the first five, after the first five days, it suddenly clicked. And people were really supportive of me and my behavior. And they taught me round and I felt in a good place. And then we just rowed, we wrote 14 songs in three weeks and 10 weeks. Oh my God. Which made the album. Wow. And we started with nothing. So it was probably one of the greatest creative experience that I've ever had.


And she is a machine. She is so incredibly inspiring. I mean, her vocals, she never does a bad vocal. Her phrasing, which I had to harmonize to, was so difficult for me that I actually tore the lyric up and told her to fuck off. Did Nightmare. Yeah. Nightmare. But really, you just were like, I'm not doing that. No, I'm not doing that. Yeah. Yeah. And then after I tore it up, we had to get it stuck back together again because I was being such a idiot. But I But wait, is that, is that, is that typically the way that it works? You show up in a studio and you've got nothing and you start to come up with either melodies or lyrics or whichever. No. That strikes you first. No. You go there with some things written. Okay. Sometimes. And Brandy does that.


She's goes in and I sometimes go into the studio with, I've had a couple of ideas, but mostly recently I've just write in the studio. But And are all the songs duets, or do you do, are are there some solos on the album? Are they every, is every song a duet? Yeah. Ev is 10 tracks. So we did like an album side One finishes with Brandy's solo song side two finishes with my solo song. Oh, that's nice. Let Brandy talk a bit. Oh, well, Well, I mean, Brandy. Brandy, I wanted to say, you know, hi, first of all, I haven't seen you in a long time. I will. Last time I, hi, how are you? And last time I saw you, you were, you sang beautifully at, at Jimmy's memorial tribute concert at the, at the bowl, which was just amazing.


It was Jimmy Buffet, so incredible. Jimmy. Yeah. Jimmy Buffet, the great Jimmy Buffet was a friend of ours and our mutual friend Jane and Brandy. What is it like, I mean, you're such an accomplished singer songwriter. You've done it all. You're an incredible performer. But when you get a call, and I know you, you guys, you, you've been friends with Sir Elton John for, as he said, 20 years. But when you get a call from Sir Elton John saying, let's, let's make a record that must be at, at risk of embarrassing you Sir Elton John. What is that like when you get that call, when, when that comes through, like, Hey, we're gonna make a record. It was, if, if he didn't always do what he says he is gonna do, I wouldn't have believed it.


Right. But he does. And, and he, he was coming off of that massive tour, Dodger Stadium, Glastonbury, just like really highlight moments like in anyone's life. And he was coming out of this all with all this adrenaline. And I thought, well, he is not gonna do it. You know, he Right. He says saying it, but does he mean it? You know, and, and the thing you guys gotta understand is I have loved Elton John and Bernie Toppins since I was 11 years old. They're the only reason I ever wrote a song or touched an instrument. Yeah, same. And so it feels really mystical and bizarrely beautiful that at this point in my life, that this is what's happened to me and Elton and our relationship. But also it kind of makes sense. And that's more than I can explain, but it's also more than I could have asked for.


Was it, was it a difficult thing to allow yourself, Randy, to, to to, to let all your creative instincts flow as freely as I imagine they flow when you're, when you're working by yourself? Yeah. When, when you're collaborating with somebody that's such a hero to you, is is w were you able to sort of like, let that, that barrier drop down and let all the instincts fly? Not for a long time. I mean, yeah, Ima imagine that, you know, like, think how that could have gone, it was like an existential crisis for me. It could have gone really wrong. Like that first time I put a lyric down in front of Elton John, what if he hadn't have been able to write a song to it? Right. But she's so inspiring and she's so, you know, I was inspired by her.


I've always been inspired by her voice and her writing, but her musicianship and, and I think we both inspired each other. That was the whole point of doing the record to, to have what we have as artists and then, you know, put it on the other person. And she's quick. I mean, she's really quick and she does a vocal in like one take. Well, you're, it's amazing. You're, you're both, you're both able to do so many different types of songs. Well it's so many different sounds and genres and, and rhythms. Was it, was there much communication about what type of sound and tone? The film or the, not the film. Sorry. The, the album would have. Yeah. Whether it would have a rock feel, a country feel a ballad, feel it. Was there any discussion about that?


It was all down to Elton had this vision. It, it was like, at first he was like, okay. He was trying to conceptualize what it would be. And he goes, okay, we're gonna be like Robert Plat and Allison Kraus. And then he would call me a week later and go, no, no, no, it's, it's the Eurythmics. And then he would call me a week later and go, no, it's, it's Buddy Holly and Patsy Klein. And, and then, and the one day he just called me and he said, no, it's gonna be us. Let's have it just be us, but we're not gonna do anything anybody expects from us. And then I love that. And the vision just came clear. And years ago I bought an electric guitar. 'cause I wanted to push her and nudge her to play ate and get out there and rock a little more. And there's a great side of her that I could see that wasn't coming out.


And she, you know, she's growing. She loves all sorts of music and she's broken. Listen, she sang Joni Mitchell's entire blue album at Disney Hall without a teleprompter, which takes balls of fucking steel, I tell you. Yeah. And so she's got big, big balls. I tell you, she New title for The album. The unfortunate thing is she breaks wind a lot, but that's okay. Yeah. Yeah know, Believe me. Yeah. Yeah. It's all in the outtakes. Right. And we will be right back.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. It's like trying to sell a data farm to a dairy farmer. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions supply only on LinkedIn ads.


Imagine your perfect day. The sun's out. You're doing the thing that you love to do outside. Now imagine not being able to enjoy this perfect day because of your own body odor. Dove Men plus Care, whole Body Deal helps keep your beo from ruining the good days, from pits to privates to feet. You can feel confident with 72 hour protection in all your odor zones. Dove Men whole body do goes on instantly dry with an aluminum free vitamin E infused formula for whole body freshness and care. Dove men plus care, whole body D get everywhere, everywhere, care even down there, find it on Amazon or at Target today.


Vuori makes performance apparel that is designed to work out in, but doesn't look or feel like it. So you can even wear Vuori while relaxing at home or running errands. Check out the Ponto Performance Jogger part of VII's Dream knit collection. The Ponto performance jogger is super soft and lightweight with four-way performance stretch, perfect for stretching and lounging. I love the Ponto performance jogger. I wear it around the house. I wear it to go work out in. And then after I work out, I usually wear some errands and I'm out and about and confident in my ponta performance jogger. It's awesome. Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase and free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. How did you both first meet? I, she wrote me a letter. Yeah. And I was aware of her, of her music. I was in Las Vegas doing one of my residences and she said, would you ever consider playing on a song of mine? And I wrote back and said, or phoned her. I said, put a phone number. And I said, Hey, yeah, if you can come to Vegas, 'cause I'm stuck here, we can do something together. And she came and before I even sat at the piano, I fell in love with her. It was like it was destined to be a friendship that, you know, it's lasted for years and years and years and gotten better. And it was, I love that it was just a happenstance or whatever it was.


Serendipity. Yeah. You know what I have to say, the, when I met you, Brandy too, I just immediately fell in love with, like, you, you, you are one of those personalities and people that just are so lovely and filled with light and love and acceptance and took me a minute, took me a minute, took a minute, took a minute. Yeah. And I'm Not there yet. Yeah. It took me a minute. I'm not there. I had to warm up to her. Yeah, I did. I really just did. And she, and she's creative as hell. I, I mean, that's what I love. No kidding. It was wild. Like going to see Elton in Vegas. I remember coming down that long hallway and I could hear his voice, speaking voice before I saw him. And I had spent so much time as a kid growing up with live in Melbourne and Tantrums and tiaras and all of his interviews, and it was his voice.


And I was like, oh my God, I'm gonna come around the corner in a minute and Elton John is gonna be sitting there. And It was just, and a huge ball ballgown and a tiara and huge high heels, A track suit. But there was a lot of pink. There was a lot of pink. Yeah. About about 25, maybe 30 years ago, I was in Los Angeles, young unemployed or barely employed actor. And I was at a restaurant in Beverly Hills. I don't know why. And Sir Elton John, you came in and you sat at a table with a friend, and then you had like a, a security guy with you at a table next to you, and the phone rang and his phone and he took the call, handed it to you. You spoke on the phone for like 30 seconds and handed back to the guy.


And I thought, that's what I want. That's right. I want a guy sitting at a table behind Me. Yeah. He feels the call. But were, were there songs on the, were there songs on the album? By the way, when you're doing that, when you're collaborating like that, how isn't it difficult to come up with like a lyric or a melody or whatever, and through discussion have to get rid of something that you love so much? Like how do you come To terms get that? There's no dis there's no discussion. If Elton doesn't like it, he just yells cut the line and it's gone. Really? Yeah. But it was very easy. There wasn't anything I didn't like. All the 10 songs that we chose were the obvious songs. And the rest there are. Yeah. Okay. The 10 that we had were fantastic. So no, I mean, no, I would never say that.


I mean, all the songs she gave to me were amazing. He Makes decisions That's great. Very, very quickly. It's not really even to be thought about. So there's no time to really stew in your kind of artistic, you know, whatever. He just, it process it happens, happens very quickly. He's a quick, quick songwriter. Yeah. Yeah. And there'll be, and there'll be no touring of this. Right? There'll be, because there's no more touring for you. Correct, sir Elton John. There's no more touring for me. Yeah. And I'm very happy about that. Mm. Now what about, well, you've, you've, you've, you've, you've done it. Thank you very much for all your, all your shows. My God. I saw, I I I went to one of the shows in this last tour. It's incredible. Mm. What about, what about videos? Do f folks make videos still, right? Is there talk About that. Yeah, we've made a video.


We've made a video for this and it's really great. David la Chappelle did the video. He did the album, Steve. Yeah, of course. We'll do videos and of course we'll do some TVs and we may even do, you know, play on a TV show. But I love that. Yeah. And Sean, how's your piano playing? Coming along? It's going okay. It's Going okay. Yeah. One of a Tony. Yeah. He wanted Tony. Yeah, he did. Yeah. Yeah, he did play on Broadway and incredible. He played, he did a goodnight Oscar at the Tabasco Theater, which won him in Tony last year. What a show. Yeah, baby. Yeah, he did. He plays Rhapsody in Blue all by himself on a grand right there, the middle of the stage all.


We've told this story before. So for, forgive us and to our audience, forgive us. But, but Jason was sitting right in front, directly in front of me. We went opening night and is, it was as soon as the, that was over and, and trying to play Rhapsody and Blue, and then everybody was cheering and Jason turned around. We both had tears in our eyes and he said, our show's over. Yeah. We can't make fun of Sean can't make fun of Sean anymore. We got too much. Respect Him Now we can't sha me. It was so good. It Was really, And by the way, and that was fleeting because we're right back where we started. I used to go around Sean's house in Hancock Park and he used to play the piano there. I, it was fantastic. This is the same house? It is. He's still there. Still There. Still here. Yes. Oh, and then I and then you, the, the, I think the piano I had for a while was yours.


And then I sold it for a bigger one. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. You had his piano? I think so, because Eric McCormick, who was unwilling Grace, he some ki like everybody was trading pianos or something. Somehow I ended up with Elton's and then, and then I got a new One. What is this? Like a black market piano trade, what's happening here amongst musicians and artists? What's going On? Or one, yeah. But, but yeah, you came over and played the music to interview with the Vampire. I was blown away. You just sat down at my piano and started playing half the musical. And I was like, how can you do that? It's just, wow. It was, it's Unbelievable, incredible to see that in real life. It's amazing. Amazing. What What kind of piano do you have now? Right now I have a, oh my God, I'm so nervous.


I can't remember. It's Oh, Bozen. No, Bosendorfer. Bdo. That's the best piano. Yeah. Apart from ya. But, but because you got the extra notes down the end of it. Yes, yes, yes. Extra notes, Depth, extra notes. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Huh? Secret notes. Secret notes, huh? Yeah. I'm dumber than I thought I was. Is it? Where's It Made? Wait, what is the name of it? Bosendorfer German. Or you have a lovely bosendorfer. If I had a dollar's, this one and this One has extra secret keys. This one Has three extra keys. It's longer. Of course we do, Of course we Wardrobe very large. Of course. We had extra keys. Wouldn't You like to know where they came from?


So Brandy and Elton, you guys, you, you've, you've, you've been on stage together multiple times. Has, is there, has there been a favorite performance you guys have had together that you can think of? We Haven't performed many times. We did Dodger Stadium. Dodger Stadium would be my favorite when she sung. Don't let the song go down to me, because she, I, lady Gaga done it before and was incredible and she wasn't available. So I asked Brandon, she was cheaper, much cheaper, much cheaper, cheaper. And, but she destroyed the song much more incredible. Yeah. The first time we actually sang together though, I, I dunno if you remember this exact, the exact first time we actually ever sang together in real life was in Joni's Living Room.


Joni On that, on that Country song. Come On. Not many, not many people can say that. Can they? No, that's Sentence. It was An old country song that I've loved since I was a little kid called, you Can Tell your friend there with you, he'll have to go. Yes, You'll have to go. Yeah. Yeah. And Joni sang Love Potion number nine and Summertime. Yeah. And it was just one of the most way. Wow. Yes. And she music got Joni back together again, as long as well as her physio. But this girl here is in my left, who used to instigate Joni Jams where people used to come up. You had to play, you all had to sing in front of Joni Mitchell, which is terrifying. That's a lot. Oh my God. But it was one of the greatest things.


And you'd have Harvey Hancock up there. You'd have Chucker Kahan, you'd have Bonnie Rai, you'd have you. No, There's that. Yeah. You Paul McCartney would Come. Paul McCartney. Yeah. Amazing. That's Amazing. Harry Styles. Debbie Gibson. Yeah. That's Ama. Oh god. And you sang the whole blue record too. This mo I mean that's what an incredible record that is. Well, an incredible record. But she did it obviously next to Joanie at, at Disney Hall. And she did it and it was faultless and I, I just said, you know, balls are steel is ridiculous. And without a teleprompter, I would never have done that without a teleprompter. And it was the most incredibly brave and courageous thing to do.


And, and then she did it at Carnegie Hall as well. It was phenomenal. And Joni couldn't have been Harper. She resuscitated Joni. I love that. Wow. I mean, wait, you know, you bring up an interesting point. I've wondered that about the, about the teleprompters for lyrics and stuff. How common is that on, on Tour with musicians? It's getting more and more common. I started seeing it happen at all the tributes and stuff like that. But now it's, I, now I think it's just kind of a part of it because they look like monitors on stage, so you can't tell, you know, but I'm sure that it, it's, it's interesting because a lot of musicians haven't figured out how to not look at them when they're performing. So I hate seeing that. But at the same time, it provides some spontaneity because then a musician can take a request out of the audience and actually play a song.


Right. Yeah. And they can just load it in. Jason uses a prompter when he goes to therapy. Isn't that right, Jason? It's hard to keep all the lies together. Yeah. Could you imagine? I get the, I get requests from the audience. Can you play piano Man? And I Wrong guy. No Way. Wrong guy. No, yeah, wrong guy. I do No way. You do not have you really Bad. Someone asked me to play Piano Man once. Yeah. No way. The half paid Piano Man with Billy many, Many, many, many, many theory Security. I couldn't play it on my own. Yeah. Security. That's, oh my God, that is crazy. Now what are you, you say you filmed the entire recording process. What's gonna happen with that?


But the Crazy thing is, I never saw a camera. We don't know where they were. They were fixed, little tiny things. So we fucking forgot about them constantly. And just our behavior is reflected in that, you know, it was a very strange concept. And I, I don't know, I think for that reason, it's like, it's a wild ride. There's a, there's a song at the end of the album, which is my solo song. Brandy has a solo song, the end of the side one about her daughter, her eldest daughter growing up and leaving. Tell her about it. It's just a beautiful song. Oh. It's just, it's like about that moment, like when you have kids, like where it's like they depart you in some way. Even they, it can even happen when they're young and you're so devastated and you're so proud at the same time and you don't know which feeling to pick.


It's about that. I love that. You're, you mean empty nesting Kind of. But it, it can happen early on too. Like the first time that they choose something you don't believe in, or pick a record you don't like, or decide to stay home on a trip when you want come. Independence. Yeah. Those moments are so sad, but also, so he's so proud. It's so True. My 4-year-old this morning, that was kind of heartbreaking. My 4-year-old said to me, he was just waking up and I was, he was kind of snuggled up against me and I was kissing his head, kissing his hair. And I was like, hi buddy. Good morning. Morning. And then he just, his eyes weren't even open. He just goes, No more kissing. That's what I'm talking about. And I was like, I was like, wow, okay. Alright.


God, that sounds like a long marriage. I wrote a song, I wrote a song at the end of the album, and I just get the lyrics and I'm just too Bird Tobin lyrics called When this Old World is Done with Me. And So I'm writing the verse like, oh, this is really pretty. And then I get to the chorus and of course it's about my death. And, and Thanks Bernie. And, and when you get, when you get to my age, which is near a hundred, you think I haven't, how much time have I got left? And you got right. You've got children, you've got a wonderful husband. You just think about mortality. And so when I got to the chorus, I just broke down for 45 minutes and it all on film cried Hard. Oh wow. And we just, yeah. Yeah. I got, I got it. Wait, wait. When do we, how so what, what is see the plan with this footage, I Think I want everybody to see it.


'cause it's so, it's really human. Yeah. Like deeply flawed and embarrassing. And the kind of shit that you do when you forget that there's a camera on is what's really interesting. But that moment I got to be in there, and I witnessed that moment because when we were making the record, I would sit behind him when he was writing his melodies and try to like remember some of the ones that were really hitting me hard. And, and I was recording him on the melody of this song because I thought, oh, okay, well I wanna remember this melody so that in case he moves on to another one, he can remember how good it was. And he got to the end of that chorus and his voice started to shake. And I thought, oh, he's going, like, he's gonna really go. And he went into a real moment of, of A, and she came over and she said, don't worry, you've got at least another six months.


That's great. That's great. Hold on to promotion. The worst part is she was looking at an app that was telling you real time when it was gonna happen. That was Scary. And I said, no, you're not in the will. Good. Hilarious. Well need, needless to say not, not to be Malin. And we can push past this afterwards. I i if in the, in the sort of the, the plan of using all your years as, as well as you possibly could, sir Elton John. My goodness. What an enormous list of accomplishments you've done thus far with plenty of time left. Yeah. Plenty of time left. You've, yeah. You've, you've contributed for three lifetimes, so thank you. Rest, rest assured you've you, And this is by leaving me, this is one of my biggest accomplishments with her accomplishments.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, we cannot wait to listen to it. And Do you have, sir Ellen, can I just ask you quickly do, if you don't mind, when you, and, and Brandi alluded to it before, you being such a sort of a hero of hers, you know, musically and, and, and inspiration. And Sean, you two also as a musician, when you, and you have been such a, your music is such a big part of all of our lives for so long, and it in ways that we don't even know. Like you've just, you've really sort of weaved right into the fabric of, of all of our lives. Do you have moments when you're moving through the world? You're in a, you're you're somewhere and your song comes on, you're in a car, you're in a restaurant, you're in a shop, you're somewhere.


How does it strike you when you hear your music, especially stuff that was, that was from a long time ago. What are those moments like hearing your music? It's great. I don't listen to my stuff very often. I don't listen to the radio very often. But when you are on an elevator and you think, what the fuck is that? And it's Daniel, you feel very proud. Yeah, yeah. No, I do, you know, I don't listen to my stuff, but I'm very proud of what we've written and I love to hear it as long as it's not being played by myself. But it's, it's, yeah. I've done so much in my life and yeah, there's so much more to do and she's inspired me to go ahead with this record and, and, and, and I think this is the best record I've made in 40 years.


So there you go. Oh wow. I love that. That's, by the way, I'm glad you mentioned Daniel. I think that probably a thousand times of my life I've made the stew. Anytime I've met somebody named Daniel, I always, they say, Daniel say, course Daniel my brother. You are older than me Every Single time. Yeah, for sure. We'll be right back.


Your time and expertise are valuable. I know that. And with professionals spending nearly half the work week on written communication focus is one of the most important things to have at work. With Grammarly as your AI writing partner, you can stay focused and get through your work faster with relevant realtime suggestions. Wherever you write. Grammarly helps with any writing from brainstorming to sounding more confident and persuasive at work with 90% of professionals saying it has saved them time, writing and editing their work speed through the drafting and editing process, while staying on task with context aware suggestions across more than 500,000 apps and websites. Grammarly has already helped me tremendously with work emails. I just get a lot more done quicker with the advice that they offer and the suggestions that they offer. I just feel more confident in hitting send when I'm done with the email. It's really, really great. Get more done with Grammarly. Download Grammarly for free at Grammarly dot com slash podcast. That's Grammarly dot com slash podcast.


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Hey guys, everybody should have a support system, right? Who's your support system? My support system, as you well know, I talk about all the time, is Scotty. And of course, my two besties Will and Jason, whenever I have a problem, an issue, I talk to them about it. And if they're not available, I will talk to a therapist. And I've been going to therapy for a long time and it's always great. So think about your favorite leaders, mentors, and idols. They don't have all the answers, but they do know when to ask questions or seek support from their community. In a society that glorifies hyper independence, it's easy to forget that we're all better when we have a support system behind us. Therapy can be a source of support for any area of your life. It's time to shift that focus from doing it all to knowing that we're better when we ask for help. BetterHelp is fully online making therapy affordable and convenient. Serving over 5 million people worldwide. Access a diverse network of more than 30,000 credentialed therapists with a wide range of specialties. Easily switch therapists anytime at no extra cost. Build your support system with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash smartlist to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/smartlist.


Are you looking to take control of your health? One way to do that is to check a GoodRx and finally, stop overpaying for your prescription medications. With GoodRx, you can find big savings on your prescriptions for everything from cold and flu medications, to remedies for your allergies, and so much more. GoodRx is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on their website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx to save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price for simple smart savings on your everyday prescriptions. Check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess, that's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


And back to the show. So you guys have you, there's your friendship is, did you say it was, it's 20 years. You guys have been Buddies over than that, is that Right? Some somewhere around that. No, over than that. More than that. Maybe more than that. Yeah. Yeah. My goodness. Because That was, I was in Vegas. Yeah, you were in Vegas and, and we had kind of Yeah, So I Yeah, about that. Yeah. It's longer than about that. Yeah. Do your, do your kids know each other? Yeah, They must. Yeah. You guys go on vacations all the time together. They come To, we have a house in the niece in the south of France and Brandy, Catherine and the girls come down every summer and we have the time of our lives. Oh My God, I love That. I love that. I stayed in a house. I stayed in a house right close to your house. Cheryl and John. A couple years ago, I was working on a job for like six months and this French caretaker of this house kept saying that is Sir Elton Jones's house right there?


Yes. What about, I Didn't, I didn't ring the bell. What about, do either one of you need any parenting tips from the other person? How does that go? Do the kids get along? Kids love each other. Kids really young. I mean, I, my boys are a little older than Brandy's girls, but my boys are really good with children. And Zachary's not here at the moment. He's at school, but Elijah's here and he just loves playing with the girls. It's, there's no problem with that. There's, they got on like a house on fire and Brandy's girls are so, Brandy and Catherine's girls, I should say, are absolute angels. I mean, they're just beautiful girls. Yeah, I love that. The first time I went to go visit David and Elton in France with Catherine and my girls, we landed and we got, we went do downstairs at this table, this beautifully adorned table for breakfast.


I mean, everything is like decked out. There's like designer napkins and it's like, unbelievable. You wouldn't believe it. And I had a 3-year-old at the time, and she was at that table for three seconds before, without any warning. She projectile vomited all over the entire thing. He didn't even pretend it was okay. He was just like, God damn it. But no, he, he and David were so sweet about it and they, they calmed our anxiety. But I mean, I died a thousand deaths when that happened. Oh, Poor little things. You remember that? Yeah. That's All. Sweet. Wait, you know, I, Elton you know, the, the, I just, I go for walks a lot around my neighborhood.


'cause you can, and I just put on this album that I bought when I think I was a senior in high school called Red Strikes Back. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's one of my favorite albums you ever did. Oh, thank You. And one of my favorite songs, no, I never hear it anywhere. It's so perfectly written, is the Heavy traffic song. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I mean, that's like a massive, massive hit song that was never, I don't know if it was ever been released as a single. No. There was lots of songs on that album. Japanese Hands and stuff like that. Yes. Japanese Hands is great too. But I love all those songs. There are lots of deep cuts. I mean, I've had a lot of hit signals, but the probably the best songs on the of the Deep Cuts. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. For sure. And of course, give Up The Ghost is one of my favorite albums of my time.


Yeah. Aw, Thank you. It's true. It's true. One of my favorite albums. So Brandy Grow growing up in, in, in Washington. Did, did you, did you think that you would be at this? Did you allow yourself to sort of dream about where you sit now in, in the industry, the level of respect and accomplishment? And, and and, and, and how did that, how, how did, well I guess just answer that that that one first, you know, did, did you allow yourself to dream of, of this high Yes. The, the nuance things like respect or credibility or things I value so much now I hadn't really fantasized about, but I would close my eyes and dream of myself on stage in Madison Square Garden.


I would think of myself, like I would visualize myself winning a Grammy and thanking Elton John before I ever met El was like, oh yeah, I pictured I would get up on stage and think Elton John and the Indigo Girls. And I was like maybe 13 years old. Like visually. I love that. So I visualized a lot of what has happened, oddly. Yeah. But, and I don't understand or profess to know why that is. But yes, I did allow myself to dream really big from that single wide mobile home. I love That. Yeah. I wonder if the, if the, if the visualization, if you feel is a, is a really important part of it. And I'd ask you the same sir Elton John is, is that, is it would, did you allow yourself to dream as big as, as well? And, and, and for our listeners, can you speak about what that kind of big word nowadays is?


Manifestation? I don't know if you guys subscribe to that, but, you know, having those, having those goals and the vision and belief in yourself, how, what, how, what size role did that play, do you think, in both of your Successes? I never imagined myself as a solo artist. When I was in my group Bluesology, I took the big risk of going up to Liberty Records saying I want to write songs. I'm so fed up with playing in a band. It doesn't want to go anywhere and I can sing too. And so the guy, as you know, 'cause the old story gave me the envelope with Burn his lyrics in it. And then when we wrote songs, I had to go out and nothing was happening with, I had to go out and play them live. So I had to form a band and I really didn't have any visions of being Elton John Superstar.


It just happened very, very quickly. And so it was like, it was so exciting. 'cause I came to America and there was Neil Diamond introducing me. There was Brian Wilson, there was Linda Ronstadt Leon, there was Leon Rossell, all those kind of people that were my heroes. And suddenly I was there. I mean, it took me a couple of years to establish myself all over America. But it was like I was a kid in a candy store. I never realized, never really visualized Elton John being a big star. I never, it all happened by accident. Really? Huh? It really happened by, which Was lovely. That's a good question. I was wondering about that too. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I would imagine the preservation of your smaller image, your more human image, your younger image, I would imagine is, has, has been remains to be a very important part of not only your, your identity, but your ability to be creative and your ability to write and to constantly be connected to the person that the public does not know.


The person who you started as. That's gotta be a big, I part a important part for both of your careers. Yeah. When I became successful very quickly, and this is in the documentary, never Too Late. It, I sh we did so much work in five years and, and went to the, the pinnacle of fame in five years. And I lost the person that I was originally. And, and, and that was very hard for me. And it took me loads of years to get that back. And I got it back when I got sober, which is 35 years this year, hopefully. Right. That's great. And so, yeah, it that I, the little boy inside of me had vanished, but the little boys come back and everybody needs that little child inside them to keep 'em going.


And unfortunately I lost him and it made me very unhappy and very depressed. But I still kept working. I still make kept making records and touring. And so the music kept me alive until I finally came to my senses. And now my life is incredible. I mean, I couldn't have a better life in than I could. And I wake up every morning with my children and David and my, you know, all the people that work for me are the nicest people in the world. I'm the luckiest person in the world. I am blessed. So, yeah. And I, that little boy is very happy. Yeah, That's great. I love that. I Love that. And Brandy, I'm sure that little child in you stays vibrant and loud and She's, she's hanging out right now. She is like riding a shotgun shit.


Like this is the, you know, I've always tried to kind of like keep the, the, the young child and me like at bay long enough to do my job and get through the things that are important to me, you know, and but for this one, I've just let that girl come to the surface Totally. Because I'm getting to hang out with Elton John. So cool. And that's, that's an unbelievable realization of, of a dream. And it's, it's really been like a life-affirming thing, you know? And, and also that young version of yourself gets more, it gets clearer when you have kids too. You know, you, you're just like trying not to project onto them. But it's hard not to see a mini me sometimes. Yeah, yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure. But, Well, God, you know, there's so, there's, I'm just looking at you two going, there's such an very, very, very small group of people in the world that have gifts they leave behind that will last Yeah.


Forever. I mean, just for immortal Yeah. Decades. Yeah. And, and to have a part of you live on in music is so rare that people, a lot of people try to achieve that level and they just don't. And so it's just incredible, incredible to, to see you guys and now together. It's great. Thank You. Yeah. Thanks you. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. And, and now I'm gonna, and I'm gonna try drugs for the first time. No. Oh really? I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Have You, you've never tried drugs, right, Sean? Me, no. I got, I would get stoned all the time. Smoke pot constantly. Right. And now I take gummies, which is nice, but I, the only hard thing, thing I tried nowadays, right? Yeah. They're illegal. They're legal.


But I would try, I tried mushrooms once and it was just insane. I felt like I weighed 250 pounds and it was just awful. Awful. It was terrible. The 250 pound mushroom a film coming to you soon. Yeah. It was terrible. You wish? Yeah. That was awful. Yeah. That's it. Wow. And then what, and so, and then what's that? What's that process like? So now you're done, you've, you've, you've completed the record and it's, it is gonna come out and you're not gonna tour. Maybe you'll do a few dates, a few live dates and or a show here or there. And then I, I guess it's not unlike, you know, for us like working on a film and then you kind of go and you move on and then it's like, it's hard to say goodbye.


I am sure when you make a connection, I mean, you're still friends obviously, but To that project, but you Do something that's so intensely creative. We talk every day. Yeah. And we see each other every chance we get. We'll always be making music together as long as we can. Wow. That's fantastic. Yeah. I love that. I let go. What? What's that? He said he ain't letting go. No, that's good. That's good. Well, we can't thank you both enough for, for joining us. I mean, what a, a thrill this and, and talking to us about your album. We really thank you Guys. Really appreciate it. Yeah, it's Been a pleasure, an honor. Thanks. Thank to you both. Yeah. Continued success to you both and specifically with this album, we can't, please, we're really rooting for your careers.


Something to, to do with, think of something to do with that footage. Please put it together. Yeah. So we can all get that privilege view into, into, into the process. Oh, Well I hope, I hope we meet each other soon so we can give each other a big hug on Sean. Yes, I do miss you. I love you very much. Okay. I miss you too, honey. I love you too. Thanks. It's good to see you. Alright, Thanks you guys so much all. Bye. Bye guys. Enjoy the rest of your day guys. Bye. Bye you guys. Bye bye. Ja. Jason, h how, how in the world, I mean, did you, how did you quote land them? That's, I, I, I, I'm reminded the same question I asked you after we had Sir Paul McCartney on McCarney the show. How did you learn? And you said it was an incoming, this was an incoming. Oh, wow. And that's amazing.


What Yeah, they're promoting that album and I guess they, they're doing a podcast and we were chosen, I suppose. I, I don't know. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't question, I just said that, you know, there was a question as to are we, how do we feel about doing, you know, a double, double guess, you know, which we've done a couple of times, but it's been rare. It's Been musicians, it's been musicians, musician. It was, it was Billie Eilish and her brother Fitas. Yeah. Yeah. And, and the Smile Guys. Radiohead, guys. Radiohead and then, and Then Joey and Tom York. And, And then Arcade, Arcade Fire, A Aade Fire as Well. Fire, and then, right. Yeah. It's, It's odd that it has been, it's just been music.


Yeah. But yeah, It was really kind of just a, a, no, no doubt about it. Double barrel Shotgun on those two. Sure. That, that, that, that's just incredible. I mean, it's, it's, I know I said it already, but it's like, I mean, it's, it's, it's, both of those guys have Go ahead. Well, I was just, Sean, I was gonna, I'm looking at your face and first of all, you know that, that Elton John knows where you live and Funny, And that he's been to your house and then he's played on your piano. But I just want, and you mentioned all the time, Glendale in Illinois and you know, to the point that we're all so sick of it, but Yep. Did you, is there, is there for you the novelty as a kid growing up in Glen Island, Illinois? Yeah. Bizarre. That's who loved music.


Who's sitting there with, you know, four siblings? No. Dad. Is there part of you? Wait, Go back, go back, go back, go back away. Yeah. What's that? Yeah, no, you're, so I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to paint a picture. But it must be for you, Sean. It must be mind blowing Nitty, It's, it always is. You're talking To Elton John. Yeah. It's, it always is. And you know your buddy, you, you, your buddy. Yeah. You kind of suppress it because you can't believe it. So you kind of stuff it down like you like Yeah. Believe the signoff was buy honey is what You, he called him. You Said, buy honey, sir. Elton John, and you went With Honey. You know where he gets that, you know where, you know where he developed that from? It's from Jimmy Burrows. Jimmy Burrows. Because you know what Burrows calls everybody, honey, honey, honey. One more time. You're like, oh, do the scene again. Stop calling me honey in front of the crew.


Yeah. It's such a habit. Now I know everybody from Will and Grace calls everybody honey, but yeah, no, he, yes, exactly. Well, thank you for saying that. Yeah. But when people would come on Will and Grace, or I would like Elton John was on Will and Grace or whatever it was, and or whoever I meet in this business, you just filled with, always filled with gratitude when you wake up, that's, that's where it all starts from. And if you're there, then everybody's on the same playing field. Right. Everybody's like you as much. That's me trying to suppress like, oh my God, it's, yeah. You know, John, you know, but you're like, wow, it's, yeah. Anyway, it's my long answer's. Well, It's a thrill to play. Like I know JB Iss playing golf with, with Thomas Rhett today. Like I know his whole schedule, you know, like just to be able to play. Am I right?


You are right. You are right. He texted me during the show to, he's such a great guy, and he said, Hey, a man, I wish you were playing today. 'cause obviously you're not enough. And, and so, which is, which is, but I mean, honestly, e even JB you're not even a musician. You don't even know what music is for you. Elton John and Brandy must be a thrill. But I have to admit, I think I was more nervous for that than I can rem I think I've probably been more nervous for some of these, but I can't remember which one. I don't remember. It's been a while. Like, I, I, I've got tons and tons and tons of questions here, and I couldn't bring myself to ask any of them of either one of them. I just didn't know where to start.


Yeah, I know what the hell to, I mean, because to say, right, 'cause you wanna do the Chris Farley, Chris Farley thing where he interviews famous people. He is like, remember, like, you know, when he did Paul McCartney, remember when you were in The Beatles? But I with both of them too, too with Brandy, it's, it's, it's just like, I'm just not sure what to say to people like that. Yeah. I wanted to ask him about every song. Like, how did you think of it and where did it come from? And you just know he's so over It. Well, thank God you, you waited until he was gone again. Well, but I wanted to be respectful of Brandy. I didn't want just make it all about him, and I wanted to like make it about the album. Well, Brandy's Brandy gets it too. I mean, she's such an accomplished singer songwriter. She's amazing. Credible. She's honestly that, that tribute for Jimmy Buffet last year, she was un she brought the house down.


She was Unbelievable. Yeah, She's stunning. And Give Up the Ghost, really? It was a great album. I love that. Anyway, yeah, She's got incredible presence. I I, I had no idea though that they were such close friends and that they vacationed together for 20 years. They've been buddies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, that's, You know what, listen, I think there's only thing, one thing that I can say. Oh, Having them here today. Yeah. Having 'em today. Well, tell me. And I just wanna say, you know it, it's nice to say, it's nice to say hello to some new friends. Oh no. That's Terrible. It's terrible. It's also nice, but it's also nice to say's goodbye. Bye. That, that's the one I was gonna use too. Smart, smart.


Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally Handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry Rob Arm Jar and Bennett Barco Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts plus to start your free trial today.


HBO's biggest series, the Last of Us Returns with a new season on Max starring Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey. The show picks up five years after the events of the first season as Joel and Ellie are drawn into conflict with each other and a world even more dangerous and unpredictable than the one they left behind. CNN calls the last of us exquisite, fully realized and worthy of the hype and the Daily Beast calls it a riveting and suspenseful triumph. Based on the groundbreaking video game, the Emmy winning HBO original series, the Last of Us Premier Sunday, April 13th, 9:00 PM on Max


Lavender is back at Starbucks. Put some spring in your cup, but the iced lavender matcha. And now here you go. Your iced lavender lattes are ready at Starbucks.