
CBS Thursday, October 17th Academy Award Winner Kathy Bates Stars as Matlock, the new CBS original series that has critics raving about the new must watch drama this fall, she's rejoining the workforce at a prestigious law firm where she uses her unassuming demeanor and Wiley tactics to win cases and hide a secret from everyone around her. The next great CBS mystery continues with new episodes Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus.


Welcome everyone. We're gonna start you off with, with a couple of nice softballs here, brought to you by Shay Hayes. My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, I always have a few tws up my sleeve. Ah, boy. Well now hang on. We got one more I can listeners, I Can hold a hundred more. I can do a hundred more. Save yourself. Here's another one. Ugh. I hate my job. All I do is crush cans all day. It's soda pressing. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart, Smart, smart Bless.


I went to go see a Broadway show last night. Shawnee And I. Thought about you. What'd you see? I saw O Mary. Oh, And you did see it? I did. It's the Best and Okay. I was, I was gonna recommend it to you. Oh yeah. But you've seen it. Yeah, I've seen it. Yeah. It's great. Did you think it I loved it. I thought it was one of the funniest things I've ever seen in my life. I was thinking about you the whole time thinking Oh my God. Sean's gonna lose his fucking mind on this. It is funny. I mean, funny. It seemed he's, yeah. I mean, I know he, he didn't, but it seemed like he's watched you do a a thousand of your funny bits in front of us and stolen them all. Oh, no, no. Cole's an original. He's a great Cole Stars in Middle Mary. That's the show I was telling you Guys to go see in March. Yes. Will, Will.


Hang on guys. Will was first. Yeah. I didn't go. I didn't go. Have you not seen it yet? Will Mm. You'll pee in your pants. It's so, So it was off Broadway then? Yes. Now it's on Broadway. It and it's Ltel. Yeah. Cola Cola plays Mary Todd Lincoln, who's an alcoholic, wannabe cabaret star and Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln doesn't let her leave the White House, so he hires an acting coach for her. So she could just, you know, explore her artistic Side. Don't, don't reveal anymore. Okay. Okay. That's it. Okay. You're gonna do those Spoilers, but how about the end? How funny was that? It's Fucking great. It, it's, the whole thing is incredible. Yeah. That was really funny. Yeah. Yeah. Willie, you gotta, you gotta get on it. Oh no. I didn it. You gotta get yourself, expose yourself to some culture, you know, get out of, wait, Did Frannie see it?


She did. She And I. We had a date night. Did she like it? It was great. Yeah. What do you, you got your hand on a bug there? You pulling Out? Yeah, I just gotta pull this Out. Sean's got three hands in his hairdo right now. No, I, I had a mole Removed. Just step on it. Make sure you step on it. Look at that, You know, you know, you don't have to do it while we're doing the, the Yeah, no, I Trying to pick your scalp while we're You, You could've done it before I, or you could've saved it after. We wouldn't have known. I, I forgot to take it off this morning, but I need to let the air get to it. How was your mole removal? It was Good. Painful. Yeah. No, it wasn't, it wasn't painful. It was just, he, it was big man was honking and he scraped Off. So this was as a result of just a, a age. Well, but you went in and you got yourself combed like a, like a, like a cat.


You got checked for all your skin cancer Hot spots. Yeah. So, yeah. But they, you mean Like a chimp? You mean like, when they do like that Everybody's gotta do that by the way. We're joking. But, you know, get yourself in there and get yourself checked if you're, if you're of a certain age. It's true. And vote. There's a lot of, we do a lot of damn when we're like 20 and Get out there and Fucking vote. Yeah. And then go ahead and vote Or vote at the place you get checked. Whoever. Yeah, whoever. By the way, that'd be great if they did that while you were waiting. Yeah. Vote air front Out. Do stuff like that where they, you can get, bring back shit where you can kinda get a bunch of different shit done at once. You can get a moment. Well, how about just to clear Election day, a national holiday. Yes. And lemme tell you something. I know our, our, our surprise guest is a female.


I can tell you that right now. And I can hear her enjoying and giggling. There's another one. There's Another one. But yes, it should be a national holiday. Obviously should be a national holiday for all the obvious reasons. And, but at the same time, imagine if you could on that day, get a bunch of stuff done. You could get a, if you wanted to get a Brazilian you could do that too. Could do that. Do M shi coach. I'm just saying if whatever your thing is Sha poach and then in the back you can go ahead and get yourself your SHA coach. Yeah. So, so That was Ali's bit my buddy Ali's do sham cooch. And in the back you put your, you bring your pet and they get a shampoo. Anyway, It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a resilient. You get your dog wash you the front Porch.


I think it's, it depends. No, the pet would be the front, the front place. Sean G go ahead Sean. Sorry. Whenever you order food from, for takeout, like from a restaurant, do you sometimes order extra so you don't have to like, as grocery shopping kind of. So like, you like what? Wait a second. Do like, you order, like I was just, I was just getting a Brazilian and now you're talking about shopping via, Now you're talking about getting cash back. When you get groceries, what's Going on? No, no, no. When you go, when you order What? Yeah. Can I get 18 bucks? What are you Doing? No, when you order takeout from a restaurant, sometimes I'll order an extra meal or something. Put it in the fridge. So like my quote, grocery shopping so that I don't have to, so that I just have a meal I could pop in the microwave. Wait, How long Have you been, been in college? What you doing, man?


It's true. That's what I do. How Instead of grocery shopping, you just order an extra meal. America, this is spoken to you by a guy who's got a full-time. Chef. Yeah. No. Okay. So No, I don't. It's my full-time. Chef is me and Scott. Oh, Is it five days a week? Sorry, Oh my God. So is she offended at all that you're doubling up attention because you, you don't have confidence in her? No. You just, Shawnee, I never knew this about you. This is pH phenomenal information. I always order an extra meal for, Is this your way? Because sometimes you feel bad 'cause you've ordered so much food. So you justify it by saying it's for tomorrow. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah.


Wait, Shawnee, are you in New York? Is that New York behind you? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, how come we're not hanging out? What's going on? Well, 'cause you Work every day. 17,000 hours. Oh yeah. But if you're not JB, how you liking, how you liking the weekend in the city? JB. It's the first weekend you've been there for a while. I don't, I don't, I'm not crazy about it. 'cause I feel like I'm, I'm missing, you know, my wife and my youngest daughter back in la I should have gone back and picked up Maple from Farm camp where she, so she was living at Farm camp for a month up in northern California. Sleeping outside in a tent and taking care of, right. I just say, and, and by the way, I think they've, the, the farm camp is amazing, but can you imagine going back 150 years bringing somebody back from the, from the past.


And they come and they go, who working on a farm. They're like, what's this, this is Farm camp. It's a man, It's a bunch of kids from LA and New York. 'cause they don't know what get Exposed. They're, they're coming here to play a farm. Old timing. And these kids are slaving away. Yeah. And I said, do you go to school? Yeah, I went up to school all the way till I was nine. Yeah. You know, no one worked on the farm. Farm camp. Farm camp. She had kitty chore. You guys, listen, we gotta get to our guest. She's just sitting here listening to us, wasting our fucking time. And Sean, you're gonna love this because yeah, she's done a lot of iconic stuff on tv. Stuff that I can't really mention. Even stuff That was my favorite. But she's done a lot of theater. She's been nominated for a bunch of Olivier.


She's done, she played Blanc de Blind Streetcar British to great acclaim in in the, well she's sort of British. Kind of was raised there then moved back and now has lived there again for years. Well, she was on Fox originally, But Sean, but born in Chicago. Oh, okay. Sean. Do you think she might have a story about maybe something crazy that happened on stage theater? Oh my God. She better get ready with That. She better get ready with a story, with a beautiful, Do you remember When we saw hang out at Haney? And did you ever go to Haes in Chicago and that, so she's won all these awards. She'd been nominated for all this stuff. She's done dozens of films. But I loved her in in that amazing series the Fall. But I also loved her in the amazing series, the Crown.


But I also loved her as and everybody else did is the amazing FBI special A agent Dana, Dana Scully. Guys, please. It's Gillian Anderson. No Way. Jillian Anderson's in this No Way. Did you almost Say special anus? I think you almost said Special anus. Well, that's what, that's what the notes gave me. And I made the correction, but they sent me that. Hello? Jillian Oh. my God. Hi. You guys are hilarious. Oh my God. You guys are so funny. Wow. Thank you so much for being here. This is so cool. And joining us on this, on this blessed day, Jillian. So you got, you got go ahead, Sean. I was just gonna say, I've been such a fan for so long. I mean, I know you hear this all the time.


I love all of your work. Thank you. But you know, when you're a young person, But the one that really disappointed, sorry. No. Just when you're a young person and it pen and stuff stays in your DNA, the X-Files that stay has has is part of me. So interesting. Therefore, you are a part of me, so thank you. Yeah. Well I get it. The truth is out there rash Sean. I can feel that. I woke up this morning feeling like I was part of you. What are, what is the what, what, what are the Questions? I was sleeping back close to You. What are the questions that you weren't asked about X-Files when you were, when you were Oh geez. Publicizing that. I remember one time being a, after one of the awards standing backstage, you know, where they take you backstage and then you've got that, that the tear of tears of press back there from the back row.


Somebody said, Do, you believe in aliens. Which of course, by that point I'd been asked every some Billion Of my life. And, I. Think I might have said, are you fucking kidding me? Sure. I, That's I literally out of my mouth. I was like, really? That's what you're gonna fucking ask me. my God. I'm standing Here. my God, I just Oh my God Sean. You do though, right? Absolutely. Do you Believe there's probably something out there? It probably doesn't look like the egg shaped head, but it's probably some sort of Any Yeah. Anytime anything is on TV about is there, isn't there? I watch it and I'm all into it. Right? Do you, and what is it, Sean? You're just, you're you, you find it like interesting. You find it exciting. You're hoping you want to get out. You are you trying to get off this, this globe?


Yeah. No, I just think it's fascinating that I, the whole concept that we come from something we don't know. So And I, think there's answers there. That, that On. What have you got? I'd like for you to get abducted. Like they reveal themselves in you and then they start to like murder you. You're like, I thought you'd be fun and interesting. But are you saying that you think that alien life form Sean might be responsible for the start of being, by The way, jump in anytime you want here. Yes, I Do believe that. Wait, Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Part me, part of me believes that, part of me believes that, Yeah, whoa, wait. That, that mankind came from a higher sort of, more complex life form of, of, of sort of aliens and stuff as opposed to the aliens and mankind coming from sort of like a godlike creator.


I I I'm open to Both. You think we come from the aliens? I'm open to both, but I lean towards the alien thing only because Did you see Prometheus? Did you see the movie Prometheus? I think so. You mean the Hollywood the Hollywood feature film? No, when I saw Star Wars, how much of that is true? Fucking what do you talking about? Please Let Sean finish with this. No, I You're you're right. You're right Phil. He's Got the answers, guys. go ahead. Sean. So Prometheus, huh? There's many, like, do you ever Watch, I'm gonna start writing. Do you ever watch Ancient Aliens? Do you ever watch Ancient Aliens in the No. Oh, we watch it all the time. And all these theories about all the hieroglyphics that show, you know, engraved into the walls about like the, you know, things. They're all looking up at these sausage, these flying things, and they're all kind of similar.


So I think 20 of our episodes, 20 of our 220 episodes were about those hieroglyphics. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Anyway, so how Did, how, how far, how far is your house from the nearest library do you think? Hey, Anyway, Jillian, welcome. So Welcome Jillian. Jillian, speaking of extraterrestrials and stuff, the one thing I do want to ask you is at what point, obviously X-Files played a huge part in the early part of your career, and you've gone on to do so many amazing things. And, I, think so many different things. Yeah, I Love, but I crown too, by the way. I love that. But it's one of those things, and Sean, you could kind of know what this is like, and Jason, you do too. When you do something that is, that is such a sort of hit that crosses all demographics, et cetera, at a, at a young age.


Mm. What, when you look back on your experience with X-Files, is it, is it a positive feeling? Are you like, oh, That was the greatest thing? Or did it open all these millions of doors? Or, Or is it, oh, just this is what I'm, I'm using as a platform or something? It, it, it was, you, you know what happens when you, you're on a long running show is everything becomes so enmeshed and, and not incestuous, but you literally feel like you're, you're living and breathing this, you know, the entire crew, the entire experience. And so I think by the time we were done after, you know, We did nine years and Wow. Wow. I think I I was well ready for it to be over. And, and it took me a while to, to properly think of, I think I compartmentalized it.


I I so wanted to get off it and start doing the things that I thought my career was going to be before I said yes to that job. So I, you know, I'd, I imagined I'd be doing merchant iry films. And I imagined I'd be doing all this. Right. You know? And so I really wanted to, on the one hand, forget that that happened and, and bounce off it to the stuff that I really wanted to do. But then, you know, it was probably about five years when I suddenly it, 'cause when you're doing something like that, all anybody says is Oh. my God the show Oh my God. It's the most amazing. And you don't wanna hear that anymore. You don't want, you don't, you've heard it so much. And then I suddenly got what they were talking about like five years after the show ended.


I was kind of like, yeah, That was kind of cool. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like I was on this really cool show. Yeah. Like anything you need time and distance a away to appreciate You do. Yeah. But it is interesting how like the, the, the things that that sort of like landed all four of us with a career are things that I'll bet you, none of us would have said this would be the exact thing that would condition the audience and the industry to the kind of person and career I want to have. That's exactly right. Yeah. And it's like, you basically, it's not that you take what you get, but you're appreciative of the job at the time. But then by the time you're done with the job Guess, what, that's who you are now. And now what do I, what do I do with this? And this is, this is, I hope I don't sound like I'm complaining at all.


'cause I could not be more appreciative of, you know, as I'm sure you guys would agree where, where we're at and what, but you, you, you, you, you tack towards what you're now identified and labeled as and, and build on that or, or, or, or try to offset that a little bit and have a little bit more of a, of a different kind of career with. It's like, But you need time to reckon with it. You need, you need time and space to be able to figure out what it actually means to you. Yeah. Because for the last however long you've been hearing what it means to everybody else. And you know, I Yeah. But we have those, but we have people on here all the time, Julian, that, that have been fortunate enough to do what you do, which is you actually have gone on and created the whole identity for yourself as an actress, as one of the leading voices and actresses in the, in the business.


And X-Files just happens to be one of the jobs you've done. Exactly. As opposed to the thing that identifies you. Yeah. But it take, you know, it, it takes a while. Yeah. It takes focus, it takes, you know, saying no to a lot of stuff. But it also, I, I remember at the beginning, one of the first things that I, 'cause after the, the series ended, I, I, I didn't know if I could be on a set again. I didn't know that for myself. It just felt so I, I knew that I just needed to get away from Los Angeles and set. So I moved, I had grown up in London. I moved back to London. And I And I. The first thing I did was a play. But the second thing I did, I was offered was, you know, a British BBC, a short series of, of Bleak House and, you know, costume drama.


And, and when they offered it to me without an audition, I, I literally, in the meeting with the producers, I said to them, what makes you think I can do this? 'cause I, I knew I could do it, but I just spent 10 years doing exactly the opposite of that. Right. Yeah. And I was so curious. What did you see in me that Didn didn't Yeah. How they Yeah. That that, that I, yeah. That I feel like maybe has been lost or that nobody Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah. And what did they say? Do you remember? Oh, I'm sorry. We thought you were Yeah. Can we think We, like, we like to watch people fail? Yeah. I can't remember what they said.


I mean, I think that somewhere in the work that I did at xpo, they gleaned that I could, you know, that I could act as opposed to what I felt like I was doing was not necessarily, but of course I wa I mean that they were, you know, we, we, we got to, we learned how to be actors during that period of time. Right. We'll be right back.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving@hilton.com Hilton for this day,


If you're a real super fan of this podcast, you probably already know there's some awesome SmartLess merch at the SiriusXM online store. But you might not know that the SiriusXM online store is powered by Shopify. We're grateful Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you, our listeners. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage all the way to the, did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats and coffee mugs, shameless plugs, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all in one e-commerce platform to their in-person POS system. Shopify's got you covered. Plus sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered Allstar. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ SmartLess now to grow your business. No matter what stage you are in.


You know what I'm kind of known for my deep voice. I think Will's is a little high. Mine's probably a little deeper, which can be useful for a commanding respect from pets, making anyone a convincing superhero. But having a very deep voice can also be helpful for getting hired for advertising campaigns. But a deep voice doesn't sell B2B and advertising on the wrong platform doesn't sell B2B either. That's why if you're a B2B marketer, you should use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has the targeting capabilities to help you reach the world's largest professional audience. That's right. Over 130 million decision makers all in one place. All the big wigs and medium wigs. Also small wigs who are on the path to becoming big wigs. That's enough about wigs. LinkedIn ads allows you to focus on getting your B2B message to the right people. So does that mean you should use ads on LinkedIn instead of hiring the man with the deepest voice in the world? Yes. Yes, it does. Get started today and see why LinkedIn is the place to be, to be. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/smartlist to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/ SmartLess. Terms and conditions apply.


And now back to the show. Where did you grow up in Chicago, by the way. Here we go. Well, I kind of, I kind of didn't. I I was born there. Six months later we moved to Puerto Rico because my story goes that my, my dad wanted to go to film school And. he said to my mom, I wanna go to film school. Do you want it to be Los Angeles? Do you wanna move to Los Angeles or London? And she said, London. And so they didn't have any money to move to London. And so we left a, the apartment apparently moved to Puerto Rico where my dad's parents were living. And we basically slept on their sofa for a year and a half so my parents could save money. Money and we could move to London.


So, wow. I only got like six months there. Do You remember where you were born? Yeah. At St. Mary's Hospital in Cook County. Oh Yeah. I actually ended up back there. 'cause when I went to college, I moved to like, Wicker Park, Bucktown area before. Oh, wow. It was Wicker Park. Bucktown. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. It was still, you know, low income Hispanic families. And How long were you in, in England? Until I was 11 for, so from about a year and a from two, two to 11. And your dad and your dad went to film school then? Yeah. So when you were in, in London and your dad, was he in editor? Is that right? No, no. Well see, he, he wanted to be a cameraman. He wanted to be a, a director of filmmaker.


Wow. And after, but then we, they fell in love with London. We were always gonna stay. We eventually, you know, could afford to rent a, a decent two bedroom apartment. And so, so we stayed and he got, you know, various jobs working in various places. And, and then he got a call from a, a film school friend, an Amer and a fellow American who basically said, I am starting to make industrial films. Come to Grand Rapids, Michigan and get rich quick And. he said, okay, yeah, I'm gonna do that. So he went up and we ended up moving to Grand Rapid.


We went from London to Grand Rapids, Michigan. Wow. And there you stayed until college? Until I went to college. Yeah. Until I went to Which was where? To the Goodman Theater School in Chicago. And Chicago. Oh, wow. So then, so then your, your sort of, your, your spark was kinda lit by your father's interest in the, in the business. Is that kind Of how it started? No, I don't, no, I don't think it was. I think the high school that I went to in Grand Rapids, there was a, an English teacher. We didn't, it was an academic high school. And. I mean, I, I say I've said this so many times, but the only reason I got in was because I, I had an accent and, you know, you, under normal circumstances, I don't think I, I would've made it into the academic high school.


Right. But, so I got into that and there was no theater department, no sports or anything. And so, but there was an English teacher who a couple times a year or semesters or whatever, she would direct a play that would be put on in the lunchroom. And I'm sure at one point, I think part at my alley, think our town, I can't remember who I played, but I think it was of In the middle of grill cheeses and like french fries. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Any fun stories from the lunchroom, Sean had to care whether they're theater or food related. Either, either is fine with them. No, but I remember asking for another sandwich so I could take it home later and have it for another meal. I remember what I'm saying. I did that when I was in high school. I identified With great callback. Yeah. I, yeah. Anyway, so I think That was probably what ended up getting me interested.


And then I started auditioning for community theater and stuff. Wow. I, you know, I love the Goodman Theater. I did a play there a few years ago. It's, it's so great. But, and they're great people. What was the first, what was the first gig that you got that you were like, oh, you know what? I can really do this. I think that I, not, not, I can do this. Not that I have the ability, but this is gonna be, I can have a life doing this. I can have a career. I can make a living. Well, I think one of the, you know, one of the community shows that I auditioned for and was cast in, you know, it was the first time that I was properly doing something, you know, professional. You know, there must have been, you know, I think I've, I suddenly felt like, oh, I, I can actually do this.


Like, I, I, I, I can do this. There is something I can do. And, and it really changed my life around. Do you remember what it was? Yeah, it was, it was Anon Nighting Girl sang. It was a British, I think a World War II play. Yeah. And, but anyway, you know, the applause or whatever got to make, how old were you? 16, I think. Wow. 16. That's young to have that kind of, well, All of a sudden, you know, before that I was sitting on the back steps with the, with the, you know, smoking weeds in my lunch breaks and not doing my homework. And suddenly something in that, in the inspiration and feeling like suddenly I had a purpose.


It kinda shifted everything around And I started doing better in school. And I was voted most improved student. And, you know, suddenly I wish it was Kind of a back compliment, by The way. Yeah. When the only way is up. Yeah. Hey, you know what? You're not an idiot. Hey. Precisely. But the reason I ask that is because, like, JB, you grew up doing this, so you always knew that it was a viable thing. But for people like us who don't come out who, who weren't born into it, there is that moment. Sean, I don't know, I I asked you the same thing, which is though that moment where you're like, I think there are plenty of people who I grew up with who never thought that I would ever be able to make a life out of doing this.


You know, you have lots of good friends who go, yeah, you could. But a lot of people are like, yeah, nice try. It's a big fucking scary world. Like, good luck. Yeah. Luck. My dad. I mean, I think when I started to audition for, for theater schools, I mean theater, I, I auditioned for one, it didn't occur to me that I wasn't gonna get in. Like, I didn't have a plan B. So I auditioned for the Goodman Theater School. Meanwhile, I only take, you know, 20 people every year. I didn't, I, you know, I don't know what I would've done if I didn't get in, but anyway, but my dad sat me down and said, this is an impossible career to get into. Yeah. And you've gotta have a backup. And he, he was, he was trying to convince me to, to study word processing because he knew that computers were gonna like, be a thing.


And, and that I could always get a job on the side when I wasn't acting or able to act or getting hired so that I'd be able to teach people how to do word pr, you know, to help them on their computers, which is a fantastic piece of advice. Yeah, sure. For, for somebody else, it just, yeah. You know, there was No Way in hell that I was gonna never, I would, I, my brain just doesn't work that way. But it was a great piece of advice. Yeah. Yeah. And the kinds of things that I'm saying to my sons right now, you know what I mean? Right. Like, have a contingency plan. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, like this, this, this part of people's lives, I, I'm surprised there's not more stories about, or, or, or movies about, or TV shows about, 'cause like, there's tons of movies and TV shows about like, falling in love or deciding to have children or grappling with mortality.


And here comes death and somebody's got a terminal, you know, diagnosis. So like, no one ever does anything about like, that moment where every young adult has that scary question about what am I going to do with my life? Who Am I gonna be? Who am I going to be? Is it going to, yeah. Should I pursue something that I'm passionate about? Yeah. To the extent that you even know what you're passionate about yet at that age. Or should I pursue something that's going to give me a, a path towards providing. Yeah. But doesn't that feel like an idea from the 1980s or something these days? It's different. I, well, I guess it, I guess it is, but there's always jumping off points and everybody has a different height from which they're jumping off. There's more different risk involved, but Just choosing what that lane is, what the industry is.


Yeah. What like, it is so important. It's like one of the biggest forks in anyone's life. Yeah. What you're going to actually put your weight behind and choose to study in college, or take that first job after college or before or during college. Like, you know, I've got a 17-year-old and a 12-year-old, and like they're dealing with that right now. Will, I'm, you know, you your boys are thinking about it as well. It's like, it's like a big, big fork. Do you go left? Yeah. Or right. And Scotty's Going through Scotty's going through it too. Scottie's Going through it too. That's my husband Jillian. I mean's, But like, it's, it's not something that people talk about a lot. I'm Yeah. No, no, it's true. We all go through it. As parents, we all experience that with the, but I Always say the, the younger you figure that out, the higher success rate, right?


Yeah. The, the Younger you are. Even if it doesn't end up being the thing that you do. It's like, I always say like, a lot of stuff happens on your way to something else. Like, you're just, if you're just driven and motivated to do something, it's okay if it doesn't end up being that, but at least you're, your, your feet are moving forward. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Sure. Yeah. I remember, I remember moving to New York when I was 20 and just And I did not know a single person in New York. And I just thought, fuck it. Yeah, Let's Get started. Yeah. Let's, let's fucking go. I was in college's already started And I dropped out. 'cause I thought, boy, everybody's just kind of, not nobody has any real direction. They're Getting really good at being a, being a senior, a sixth year senior, seventh year senior. Yeah. Whatever it is. And a lot of great people. But, but at the same time, I just thought like, fuck, there's a whole world out there.


I want to get in it. Yeah. I want to get In the world. But that's the thing that I think a lot of teens these days are that the, the thing of the whole world as an oyster in a way that obviously that's a very privileged perspective to have. But for sure, I feel like kids these days, that's not necessarily the perspective that they, that they have. It doesn't feel like that is what is on offer anymore. There's something, there's so And I don't know what it, you know, the degree to that it's harder or it's easier. No harder. So many kids are floundering right now. So many teens are just, or t or Young twenties know why. It's because of the, It's the fucking phone. Yeah.


It's, it's, I'm serious. I'm dead Serious. It's on the one hand, you're seeing the world out there because everybody's posting them and their holidays on yachts and this, that and the other. But it feels so unreachable. And so, you know, it's actually has the opposite effect, I think, for a lot of things. Instead Of aspirational, kind of, I couldn't agree more in, in this idea that, that you can kind of go into your phone and lose yourself into all four corners. You're not really experiencing anything. You're getting the micro dopamine hits and stuff. There are lots of books about it right now. But at, at the same time, you're not actually getting that real world experience that we all had the privilege of getting In the room. And, and while you're looking at it, you're sitting next to your friend not having a conversation while they're looking at somebody's life too.


And obviously, as you say, there's tons of books written about it, but I, it's a really serious problem today. Yeah. Jillian, can I ask you, can I nerd out on the fall? I love that show so much. And I Wish. It's one of those shows that I wish I could watch it again for the first time, because I found it so engrossing. It was so gripping. And, and what was that process like that your character was very intense on that show? Well, it was. I mean, the, the, the premise is great. So in the, in the show, your, you're with the, the serial killer for an equal amount of screen time as you are the superintendent detective who is tracking him, which is me, And I.


I think it was the first time, I don't know what it was the first time, but it was, it, it felt quite unique that, you know, that that setup felt quite unique at the time. And it was, so it started, you know, it started where I was brought a script and I'd been in, in the, in the process of producing something myself that I couldn't just, I couldn't get there. There was, I was really, really struggling with the writers and, and, and the other producers to get the script to where it needed to be. And then this script landed in my lap and it was like, now that is, that is writing. And it was so spare. Oh, you know, it was just, it was like And I.


I've spoken about this before. It felt like when I was reading it, it, my experience of the character, it almost, despite the fact that it was so spare, it felt like my fusion with her was almost alchemic. And because there wasn't a lot to go on in a typical American way of reading a script where it's all, you know, all the descriptions are in the directives in between where you get so much information, you feel like you're slightly treated like an idiot. But this was really a beautifully, beautifully spare. And yet you got, you just got who she was, what the world was, who the different voices were in it. And it was so, it was really special.


And, you know, I'm, I, I met them and, and the, you know, the producers and the director and, and it was a fantastic experience. You know, I'd just come off of, I don't know which version of which Hollywood thing I had just finished doing, but all of a sudden I was in Belfast shooting this little series. And it was a real collaboration. You know, it was, I went from, from being on something where I was so detached and so not part of the creative process to all of a sudden being with these guys in Belfast and really immersed and included in the conversation and, you know, in the end got to make notes on the edit and all that kind of stuff.


So it was the first time that I was being allowed into that part of it. And, you know, if, if I wanted to go back to London, you know, it was a matter of texting the travel coordinator. Right. As opposed to sending an email to somebody at Fox. And a month later they tell you that Yes. Or you, you, you can and cannot take that place. So it felt like the whole experience of it was like, this is, this is what it, this is the real thing, you know, this Is what I wanna do. This is what I wanna do. And it, you know, she was Yeah. An extraordinary character. I felt from the, before it aired when I started to do press, I remember saying to the press who hadn't really seen it yet, you know, they do or they don't watch the screeners that they're sent.


And I kept thinking she's really good for women. Like, she needs to be out there. There's something about her I think that is gonna be incredibly empowering for, for women. And I don't think we've seen someone like her before on the screen. She, She had, she had the same, she had the same sort of impact to me as DCI tenon from Prime Suspect. Yeah. There was a, there are a lot of similarities. Very, very strong. I mean, you bring a lot of strength to your characters. You played the one of another, a bunch of very strong characters throughout your career, you know, including Margaret Thatcher. I was gonna say, you kind of go from that to not directly, you do stuff in between, but then you do, then you play Margaret Thatcher, which in The Crown to great acclaim and really just a wonderful perform.


Incredible perform, incredible, incredible performance. Thank you And I. Just think like that, that must brings with it its own set of risks and challenges. Challenges and terrify burdens. And you invite a tremendous amount of criticism. Yeah. Right. The thing is, those kind of things come along and you, you, you can't not say yes. I mean, you can, you know what I mean? I, I think I've always, you, you have to say yes to those things and then deal with your fear afterwards almost. And you know, it's the same thing with doing for doing theater is, is saying yes to things that are terrifying. And then at some point when you're halfway through rehearsal, you know, you're, you're feeling like, what the fuck was I thinking?


Right? Like, what made me think that I could do this or that I should, and no, I'm stuck and I've gotta be do this in front of a thousand people every single night. Like, what is wrong With me? Or then it's over and you've crushed it and now you've got the confidence and now you're ready to take on even something bigger afterwards. The next thing that you get to say yes to, because yeah. That's, that's what it's, Yeah. I've always thought that that confidence about stuff lives on the backside of actually doing it, you know? Yeah. That's interesting. It's, it's completely appropriate that you're fearful be beforehand and that you shouldn't worry about the fact that you're not confident going into it. 'cause confident lives on the backside of actually execute it. Yeah. Like once you've done it, you've, you Kind of, yeah. And then it gives you courage enough to say yes to the thing next time that is even a bit scarier or a bit, you know, one of the Yeah.


Or you don't worry about the result and you just do the work. Oh, Sean. Amen brother. Thank you. You, I think for Thatcher it was a bit of that, which is, okay, I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do everything I can to try and succeed with this. I'm gonna start working on it a year in advance. I'm gonna study everything, watch everything, read everything, blah blah. Yeah. You do the work and then you show up and you just do your best job and you don't know until afterwards Exactly whether people are gonna go Oh my God. Did you see that piece? Yeah. Like, what was she thinking? Yeah. We'll be right


back. CBS Thursday, October 17th Academy award winner Kathy Bates stars as Matlock, the new CBS original series that has critics raving about the new must watch drama this fall. She's rejoining the workforce at a prestigious law firm where she uses her unassuming demeanor and wily tactics to win cases and hide a secret from everyone around her. The next great CBS mystery continues with new episodes, Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus,


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. Halloween is this month. And it gets you thinking, doesn't it? As an actor for me, you're asked to put on masks, play different people to not be selves, you know, to act. Which is fine if you're an actor, but it's not great in the real world where too many of us feel like we can't be ourselves or short, or emotions, whether it's at work or in social gatherings or even at home. People tend to play parts therapy can help you step out from behind a mask, help you better understand and appreciate who you are. BetterHelp Online therapy is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Start by filling out a simple questionnaire to be matched with a credentialed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Connect with them via phone, video, text, or chat. Whatever works for you at a time and place that works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. BetterHelp can help you take off those masks once and for all and be the very best version of yourself. I know for myself, I have a little bit, well, I kind of have a lot of social anxiety and you know, the older you get, the more you're like, I don't want to go to that party. I don't wanna go to that thing. I don't want to go to that event. It's work. It feels like you have to be somebody you're not. And so I talk about that in therapy all the time. It's helped me overcome that and realize that whatever mood you're in, everybody can meet you where you are and you can meet people where they are no masks required. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess.


No matter where you are, you can feel like you're living the coastal California lifestyle with RI performance apparel. Everything RI makes is designed to work out in, but it doesn't look or feel like it. That means their clothes are so comfortable, you will wanna wear it all the time. Whether you're in or out of the gym. Ri clothes look great in everyday life. These are going to be your new go-to Staples. And you can feel good about it too, because Vori offsets 100% of their carbon footprint. You don't wanna miss out on Vori signature dream knit material that will surround yourself with softness, dream knit stretches as you move and seamlessly mixes and matches across styles to make it the easiest and dreamiest thing in your closet. It's wearable year round, easy to style and just makes you feel good. I've been hanging out in New York for a while, And I. Wear 'em all day every day. I have Vori shorts on right now. And I know when I'm going out. I put 'em on because I know the walk is gonna be really, really, really comfortable. Vori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothes on the planet@ri.com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Not only will you receive 20% off your first purchase, but enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Go to vori.com/ SmartLess and discover the versatility of RI clothing.


And now back to the show. Do you remember that first day of being there with the hair and all of it and thinking like, here we go, fuck this better fucking work. 'cause I am out on this motherfucking limb now. Yeah, that's Amazing. Is And I passed on it? Just so you know, I was first right? You Didn't agree with the wardrobe though. That was Why? Yeah, I mean, I, But the thing is, you see her silhouette, you see, you know, the minute the wig goes on and she's, and you get into costume and you see the sil the silhouette alone, I could have talked like Daffy Duck and you would've believed I was Margaret Thatcher. 'cause the silhouette was so spectacular. Had You been, you had had already been living in, in, in England for a while before you started doing that?


Yeah. I, I'm, I'm, so we finished ex files in 2002. And I moved to the u back to the uk. You, we, we were always gonna move back again when I was a kid and we just never did. And so it was always a dream of mine to at least be, you know, part of my life to be back there. So I went back And I did a play and then stayed. And so I've been living there since 2002. Wow. And was there extra pressure playing Margaret Thatcher being a resident now? Like, 'cause you know, being in America you could play Margaret Thatcher and maybe if it, if it did go sideways, you, you'd get a, a little more space between, you know, those who might Criticize. I think so. I, I, I think because, you know, most of the theater work that I was offered as a young person was were, were were British plays.


You know, I did the philanthropists, I did absent friends on, you know, off Broadway. I did all that. I kept because my, because of my accent, because That was basically my first way of speaking was with a British accent. So That was Yeah. Easy for me. And so I was in, living in the uk they've kind of adopted me from quite early on of being back there as a professional person post X-Files as being a, you know, they've taken me on as being one of them in a way. But Playing somebody that has that iconic history there in that particular country, she Is such a divisive character. I mean, people feel really, really strongly about Margaret Thatcher and not all of it is positive.


So in playing her periods there or from over, you know, whether we shot it in the States to be aired there, it would be the same reaction. The people that hate her still hate her. And the people that my first still love her. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Got It. It's interesting, Jillian, just talk to you to us for a second. If you, It's quite a responsibility being the person who asked the, the, the, the secret person on, you gotta, you gotta keep the show going. You Gotta have some questions. You, you Gotta, yeah. You gotta kind of keep it moving a little bit. Well, I wanna talk to you about your book Want. Yeah. And And I wanted to ask if it came post doing your show sex education or prior to? How did that all Yeah, it came so, so in sex education, I play, it's a Netflix series.


We did four seasons. I play a sex therapist. And in the process of, or during the, the period of time of being on that show, you know, my character's house is filled with sex paraphernalia and pictures of vaginas and penises and all kinds of, you know, tantric stuff on the walls. And I kept taking pictures. And so I kept wanting to post these pictures. And the girl who does my, 'cause I don't post things myself that does my Instagram, she kept saying, you can't, you can't post it. This is like a peanut that they're not gonna let, Instagram is not gonna let you post a penis Sean. Is that true? That Is not true.


I can tell you that is untrue. Okay. Okay. Anyway, I started posting them anyway, And, I would do like a yoni of the day or penis of the day, and then people would send me pictures of penises or yonis in nature, like a poodle with Oh, that's nice. Yeah, it's nice. So it started this kind of day penis in nature. Penises of in nature. Yeah. Anyway, so my professional life started to mix, mingle a little bit with my personal life in that Instagram you were getting great pics. Instagram as an example of anything to do with my personal life. I don't ever post personal things, but so there was a, you know, a cross pollination That was happening there.


And so I I people would talk to me. I mean, not in a therapeutic way, but I, a lot of stuff that came to me was since then has been part of that bigger conversation about sexual wellbeing and, and particularly for, for women. And so in the seventies, Nancy Friday wrote a book called My Secret Garden, and she did the introductions to chapters and she invited women to send in letters to her about their sexual fantasies. And it was a book that, so anonymous letters from women, particularly mostly in America, writing about their sexual fantasies.


And it was like a number one, but all of a sudden everybody wanted good idea. Women were carrying it in their purses. But it was a real insight into, you know, what women think about when they think about sex. And we thought we discussed doing a modern day version of it to see whether, you know, in the age of sorry for any pornography and, and you know, shows like sex education or euphoria or you know, where everything is out there all the time and you have access to it. Yeah. To what degree have fantasies, particularly for women, changed over time.


And so I put a call out about a year and a half ago to women around the world to write to me anonymously, Bloomsbury set up a portal so that they could do it anonymously. And we collected about 1800 women started writing letters and we, and about 800 of them finished them. And then we've put about 174 of them in the book. Wow. That's wild. It's, so some of them didn't finish Correct? I'm just going off what you Some of them didn't finish well. Okay. That is correct. Okay. I'm, yeah. Now did you, did you notice a big difference between the, the, the content of, of those sexual fantasies now versus years ago in the, in, in the original book?


Well, the most interesting thing to me is the degree to which there are so many rules today Mm. About what is appropriate and what is not. Whereas back then animals show up and Wow. I would think it would be the opposite. Like it would be more Permissive today. Yeah. You'd think you'd think it, yeah. You'd think it would be the opposite. But, you know, we've got the most extraordinary letters from, you know, young teens who have yet to have sex, you know, talking about their fantasies to mothers of many children, single parents, and what it's like trying to do the same old, same old with your partner to, you know, 20 somethings in the dating world and how what exists in their head is different from what they experience out in the real world to, you know, it's a real, it's really interesting.


Yeah. And we've got letters from, from literally all over the world. So there's, we also ask the women, you know, we also invited the trans community and, you know, gender queer people and Yeah. It, it feels quite egalitarian. It feels, it's, It's, how does that word mean? Equal Egalitarian. Oh, oh, okay. Un Biased. It feels like it's an equal opportunity for anybody to, to pitch in and to talk about their experience. Got it. And it, and it does, it feels, I heard you got like thousands of letters from an Amanda a from Los Angeles. This is unconfirmed. Very unsatisfied.


There was a run on stamps in our, in our local post office. Amanda, where are you going? I'm running to the post office right Back. She's Just got a stack of letters. Huh. She's really, Wow. Well that's, that's, that's, wow, what a, what an awesome. That's Really cool. Yeah. Yeah. It is A cool thing. It's really, it's, it's a really interesting insight. I would've thought that porn would've showed up a lot more in the fantasies. Yeah. There's a lot of, there's a lot of women, no matter how intense the fantasy gets at the end of the day, just wanting to be seen for who they are. Just wanting to be held wanting care, wanting somebody to look in their eyes, wanting, you know, or, or you know, the opposite woman who by day are in charge of 500 employees and, and the CEO of this, that, and the other.


And they just want somebody else to be in control. So, so they, you know, and so it's just, it's, it's fascinating. It's, Well, why are you crying? I'm not crying. I'm saying It's dusty. What is going on? I'm, I'm just saying, hold me. Gillian. Anderson, you have been more than generous with your time on what I imagine is your day off. And so thank you so much. Thanks for everything. You've been such a fan of yours for Yes. The longest time. They're very sweet. Yeah. And thank you. And your new book Want is Out. Now Did you do an audio version of that book? Because every, Yes, but it's not me. So, Hey, At Bateman, Do you, do you read the letter? Do so I wrote the introductions to each chapter.


And I read the introductions, but then there are women, other women who reads the fantasies. Got it. All right. Copy. We'll send, we'll send Jason the audio. I don't, I can't get the hang of the reading. It's top to bottom, left to right. Sure. Right. Sure. Jillian. Thank you honey. Very You thank you. It was so nice to meet you guys. Great to meet you too. Fun of your show and yeah, thanks For your time. I appreciate it. Enjoy the rest of your time in Calgary. Nice to meet you. Thank you. Bye Jillian. Bye bye. Thank you. Thank you. Great. Gillian Anderson. Bye. Bye. Will Nice guest. Yeah. Yeah. Good guest, right? Yeah.


Yes. She's a talent, she's a talent of, she's a, I mean, but it's interesting because she did Dana Scully, as we pointed out her name. Yeah. Loved character that everybody knows Massive hit Global, not just one of those shows. That was Yeah. Huge. Really big here. And Then it came back Huge globally, came back, they made a couple movies in, in, in the interim that movies were good too. And, but to be able to kind of step out of that and then step into a, and not just step into one more iconic role, but step into like three or four other Yeah. Or eight or 10 great roles continuously and recreate, reinvent herself. Yep. Super, super tough to do and super admirable and yeah, Super talented. And by the way, it's always wild.


I, I, we talked a little bit about it when you associate somebody so much with the character that made them famous. Yeah. And then you see them in interviews that were outside of that world. Just her, her having that T shirt on the Wu-Tang clan shirt and her talking about her kid. You just see her as, and then Margaret Thatcher of course, and all the other stuff. You see her as a completely different human being. Yeah. And then she's like this totally chill, cool. Really smart, interesting person. Yeah. Very different. Can we, can we re revisit Sean's theory on evolution? Yes. I love too. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. So, okay, so the Spaceships planted the, So the spaceship. So do all the humans come outta the spaceship or just, just two of 'em and then like, sort of like an Adam and Eve, they come down, they're sort of egg shaped.


No, no, we have to, we had to me, me, Me, We have to have Right. We have to have had come from somewhere. Right. Somebody or something made us. Right. So it's evolution. Right. Doc, I'm with you so far, But we're not, we're not the only planet in the entire universe. So You're not having this nonsense about the big bang. Right. All the science stuff is No. Yeah, for sure. I am. Yeah. No, all, all that works. But I'm just saying we can't be the only species. So because we're not the only species and we, and, and there is intelligent life. Like if you don't think there's more intelligent life than us out there. No, we all, that's not in dispute, but we're, I think people are saying that perhaps these other alien, the alien life form also came from what was originally sort of created with was this sort of this big bang And I who responsible for the bang.


Yeah. But I don't think you're suggesting that maybe the aliens lit that fuse. Correct. I don't know if it's a who as a much as it could be a what? It could. A, but I'm open to anything I'm hoping Big exhaust system, right? Yes. Just like Babo. It was some sort of a backfire. Yeah. Something like That. But so, so, but you're saying, you're saying at some point somebody from tattooing Yes. Came here. That's right. That's right. TAing Not from, not from Nabu, because gimme A break. No. Right. But definitely somebody from Camino and Tat they came in, they're like, Hey, let's go home. Jack, you're talking about Ja not Nobu. That's a restaurant. Jack. Yeah. Jack. No, Jack. Yeah. I'm not talking about Nabu, Nobu, Malibu. Right.


You know, it's funny, my cousin, he's from, my cousin's from Al, he's from Alderan. And he, Well, I'm sorry for, I'm sorry about his passing. They blew up the whole planet. Yeah. So They Blew up that whole planet. Don't know stuff about it. Yeah. Alderan. Okay. Stop Knowing shit. None of it's real. You may fire when Ready. Remember. So if you know everything Sean, then what would everything you call someone who's got dual citizenship? Like she does, you know, she's from, she's got England. Shes got America. Well, You might call her, what would you call her? You might call her Bye, coastal. No, No, no. It's not coastal. It's not coastal. Oh, not, what is It? Bi-Coastal.


We get back to the microphone, sir. She would be by what? By what Do you mean? Yeah, anything but coastal motherfucker. It's two countries, bro. It's, she's bilingual. No, no, B What? What? No, it's, they both speak English. I don't know. Listen, I don't know the answer, but I want something better than bicoastal. All I noticed is, Guys, guys, hang on. Is Sean Will's. Got it. Hang on. Sean Will's got it. Here we go. I had a good, you guys, you guys are at odds right now. And. I want you to be in the wor. I want you to be more in sync. And. I want you to be. Bye. Bye bye. Don't move the microphone away. Like that's got it. Like Bye.


It's like the podcast version of a mic drop Off of nsync. We're gonna appreciate the effort on that and Judges will allow. Bye bye. Smart, Smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm. JF Bennett Barco and Michael Grander. Smart. Less Looking for toys that'll get the biggest reactions.


Yes, please. No free Walmart has jaw dropping toys. Like for real Daisy Yoga Goats. Awesome Razor Crazy Cart shuffle. Whoa. Hot Wheels Bluey three in one Airplane. Play set, and more. All Three, Aren't you gonna say? Cool. I'm saving it for the holidays. Smart. Welcome to your Walmart.