
You know that point in the afternoon where you just hit a wall, take a real break with pure leaf iced tea, real brewed tea, available in a variety of delicious flavors with just the right amount of naturally occurring caffeine. And you know what? It leaves you refreshed and revitalized. So you're ready to take on what's next. Next time you need to hit the reset button, grab a pure leaf iced tea time for a tea break. Time for a pure leaf.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


Savor every drop of summer with handcrafted beverages from Starbucks. Big news, the unofficial drink of the summer is back. Yep. The fan favorite summer berry refresher is now here for a limited time. It's light, bright and like a berry powerhouse bursting with summer flavor. And those raspberry pearls at the bottom of the drink. They're perfect. Craving something new. Try the iced horchata oat milk, shaken espresso. Inspired by Mexican horchata, blonde espresso is shaken to perfection with notes of cinnamon and vanilla, then topped with oat milk. Trust me, you'll love the taste Creamy, yet refreshing. Keep summer going forever with a strawberry acai lemonade refresher. The strawberry passion fruit and acai flavors are balanced with a zing of a lemonade and those freeze dried strawberry pieces. Mm. So tasty. So, I love this. I had this summer berry refresher delivered to my house from Starbucks. I drank it in like one gulp. It was so delicious. And it's blue. And those little like pearls at the bottom. The little raspberry pearl. Oh my God. It was just so refreshing. I loved it. I'm gonna drink it all the time anyway, however, your summer, your summer favorites are ready. Starbucks.


Hey guys, it's, it's 2025. Okay, it's 2025. What are your dreams for this year? That, Oh God, I don't give a shit. Welcome to Marvel. Smart. Less smart less. I gotta tell you, you know when it's not my guest? Yeah. I never really know what kind of tone to take with the coffee chat, because like, what if it's like, you know, this One, you can go balls out.


Literally. Really? Because I can start cursing right now. Yeah. Believe that. Saying bad Words. By the way, the shorts, shorts I'm wearing, I can go balls out real easy. You know? We will stop it. You don't know. You just, your Balls outta here just it. No. Oh, I mean, they're real. Don't show us your balls. I'm not going to, what? How dare you? I now listen. Oh, now listen. Now listen. Hang on a second. Yeah. No, no, no. First of all, don't, don't go to your script. What you talking about? Yeah, I Have, you've been work working on, since I Saw your eyes. Lemme miss. See your material Script. No. Now here's my thing. No, I was gonna say, I was gonna say that. Okay, Jason, Jason missed Willie's birthday last week. We, we missed you. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks man. Yeah. How'd that go? But listen to this real, this is, I, I told Will, I was gonna say this on, on the show to you, Jay.


You can never make fun of me for Well, you can for my eating habits and my diet. This fella right here at his own birthday dinner, he's a real Shit pig. I know. Brought, But Jay, he brought his own Hershey's caramel syrup, first of all, in his pocket. In his pocket, by the way. Then I asked if I could have a, he dropped A nice weight for this film. You're gonna be four 20 in his No, No, no. I'm still on, I'm still on 1 1 1 cheat meal a week. By the way, I didn't bring in my pocket. I made Archie my 16-year-old put it in, bring it his pocket. He muled it. I had too much shame. He muled it in for me. Then, then Kim said is that I brought it out. Kim said, is that your tanning lotion? Yeah. And then, by the way, so everybody made fun. At which point they bring Sundays out for everybody and every person asks for It.


Yes. For it. Yeah. It was, that's a good call. It was amazing. Everybody had individual hot fudge sundaes brought to Them. Well, it's like when you, when you drive past a car crash, you're gonna look, you know, but you don't want to, I guess. I guess so. It's Human Nature. It was, but it was just so rich watching people making jokes. Look at you with your car. Get it over here. Okay. Yeah. And then, and then I tried to, you know, 'cause I missed it. So then the next day, I, I, I, I texted Willie on the day of the first Maple Leaves game. Oh yeah. Of the next round. Yeah. Yeah. And I said, Hey, I feel bad. I'm, I'm gonna fly into town and I'd love to see you. I'm gonna pick you up at five. Now, five o'clock was when the puck dropped. He didn't, he's So, I, I, I know he didn't know what I was, what the joke was there.


He was just like, oh, you did or you Didn't. I did, of course I knew what the joke was. Really? 'cause I did it on the, on game two. And you still didn't Get it? I don't get it. I don't, I don't get what the joke is. The joke is like, you must not be busy. Yeah. I need to see you Right at the point that the, that the puck drops of the game. Oh, I see. See, got It. You can't, yeah. Can't be talked to. Can't Be bothered. No, I did. And, but anyway. Yeah, the beliefs, who knows what's gonna happen when they go forward in this? 'cause this'll be way later. Oh yeah. But we've got a real series now. We've got a real series. I was in Toronto this weekend. I did my hospital gig for the Michael Garrin Hospital. We raised millions of dollars for the hospital. That's, which is amazing. That's so great. We love Nice. This is a hospital I like to be in. Do you still take lira?


Do you still take Lira? Michael Garrin Hospital. We take Lyra Used. That's really funny. I have 600,000 lira here. $2. Remember it was used to be like a hundred thousand Lyra for $2. Yeah. So I know there's nowhere else to go. And you get like a hundred dollars. So that's unfortunate that it didn't time out with the leaves being in Toronto. Right. They were playing down in Florida. Yeah. But we watched, they were playing in Florida. But we watched, I watched with the whole family and my dad and my sisters and everybody we went to, to our pub, the Queen and Beaver, which is Jameson Ker, which I'm also a part of. That's a, That's a rough title. The Queen and Beaver. It's pretty good.


The Queen and Beaver. Yeah. And it's a great pub. If you're in Toronto and You ever sub out that N for an S Queen, Queen beaver. Oh, the queen. Oh, oh, Oh. Queen and beaver. Add an S. Not take an N out. No, You take queen and Queen and beavers Queen and beavers not Queen apostrophe n beaver. It's not, you take out the apostrophe N and put in apostrophe s Well, the queen's, queen's beef. Well, here's, first of all, it's, and it's not, it's not the, it's Not I'm meet you at the queen's beef. It's Not, it's, it's not queen. I had the greatest meal at the queen's beef God's.


But that's the joke. The joke is, It's kind of salty there at the Queen. Wow. Wow. Guys, my guest today, six. He's a father of six's, deeply Offended. Six. No he won't be. He's a father of six. Former soccer, hopeful football. Yeah. His resume includes washing dishes in an Indian restaurant. And once cooking lunch for Princess Diana these days, he's got a soft spot for In-N-Out burgers. I just had two yesterday, which is a true story. Two needed two. I did, I got had two. I ate 'em in my car. Oh man. Lemme check out the believability scale on that. No, no. I, By the way, and some of the beef fell in between my seats and I had to get it out because I knew it would smell if it cut. So you had to suck it out. I did with my straw. Was that The first time you sucked beef outta seats?


Sorry, gang. At the queen's beef. At The queen's beef. At a beef. Beef. Beef. That's a different rest. That's a different one. The Queen's door. Then we went over, we went for dessert at the peach crease afterwards. God guys we're losing listener by The moment. Okay. I know. Sorry. He has an obsession with cold plunges. Will you love that? And a few Michelin stars under his belt. All why Turning swearing into a love language today. He's bringing the fire in and out of the kitchen. It's the wonderful, delicious Gordon Ramsay Gordon. I loved Forever Guys. Just met him a couple weeks ago with you, Willie. Yeah. Wait, what? We just ran into you, Gordon. What Are you talking about? Where? Yeah. Over at our friend Bradley's place.


Yeah, That's right. Oh, I didn't know that. Now How, how, how do you all know each other? Willie? How did that all was that, that wasn't the first time you met? No, we met through our friend Mutual from Gordon. We're Gonna let you speak in a moment. Rob Wade. Right. Gordon. According we went, we had dinner with Rob, our friend Rob Wade. That's Right. Mutual guys, good to see you all. And thank you. Great to see you. Honestly. Wait, this is amazing. I've never met you Gordon, and I'm a huge fan. And meanwhile I didn't know you knew these two guys. Yeah. Catch up Sean. Yes, I'm here. That's why I can't wait. Gordon, this is what I want to know. Thank you so much for being here. You're such a good dude. Where are we finding you right now? Because you're always, every time I see you, you're always coming from the airport or going to the airport, It seems. Now we've got the, got the upfronts today. So in New York, Ah, people still have those, even though the network television business is kind of Fuck me.


Yes, unfortunately they do. They do. And they're painful. Oh my God. God. The first one I ever went to. So for Tracy, the, the upfronts are where networks put up their shows. You know, they display kind of what the fall season is gonna be. And the ad agencies are going to commit to do ad dollars before they Yeah, they pre-sell all the commercials. Right? Yeah. So, and now streamers are doing it too. I'm on my way there for Netflix. Oh, wow. So the first time I went, Gordon was, See you there, Gord. The first time I went to an upfront, I was like, can't we handle this into a fax machine? Like, can't we just send an email saying like, what the shows are and why do you have to like the dog and the pony of it?


Right. And How was the, how are the, how are the laughs to that joke? Hey, listen. No, it Was a joke. I was serious. Like can't we just, why first of Gordon is keeping single handedly keeping Fox on the air. I Know that Is true. Said that needs to be said. 20 years. 20 years. 20 years. In 2000, 2004, we came over as you know, there was not many mainstream foodie programs on the network. Right. So, And how many shows in 20 years? I think we've had, is it 10, 11, or 12? Wow. It's unbelievable. It's Unbelievable. Good lord. It's really impressive. I've watched every single episode of Kitchen Nightmares. Stop it. I love it. Stop it. I for real. I really have. He's obsessed. I Love it so much.


Kitchen. Well, has There ever been a celebrity edition kid? Could Sean be on the celebrity edition? No, I don't wanna get yelled at. Please don't open a restaurant, Sean, please, please, please don't. I got a good, I got a good name for it. Go on. The Queen's Peeve. The queen's, Queen's peeve. Jesus Christ. That's the problem. You know, that's the one big problem in this industry, that anybody can open a restaurant. It's not like an actor, it's not like a doctor or a lawyer. A bar. I go back to that dinner party when they say, Hey Sean, your food's fucking delicious, man. You should open a restaurant. Alright. So the next day you start looking at taking leases out in the neighborhood for these incredible little bistros. And then that re reality turns into a nightmare because they sort of, they don't fully understand that it's a business.


Right. Number one, it's a business. Right, Right. Like, I'm just gonna cook for my friends and other people will like it too. Yes, That's right. Right. And pardon the pun here, but do, have you cracked what maybe the secret sauce is to keeping a, a, a restaurant open, because I would imagine when it first opens, you need sort of to be somewhat of a, of a popular restaurateur where you've got a certain client base that they're gonna come in and they're gonna populate it for the first week, month, whatever. And then of course the food's gotta be good and that can carry you for another couple of months. But how do you get into years after years after years? How do you keep it hot and fresh and, Yeah. Great question. First of all, you need to keep it local. Right? The secret of any great restaurant is filling it Monday to Wednesday. Mm. Ah yeah. Thursday, Friday, Saturday takes care of itself.


And so that's the essence of getting it right. Filling it Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights. Right. Especially in the middle of November and early into Jan. So stay local. Okay. Keep the produce simple, don't overcomplicate things. And, and don't go crazy on the prices. 'cause it's a lot easier to make money on alcohol than it is on food. So if we go into a restaurant locally, and, you know, it's decently priced, honestly, you'll spend more money naturally on a cocktail, a bottle of wine. And so that's where you make your percentages. But it's gotta be seasonal. It's gotta be local. And you've just, you've gotta know your market. You've gotta really know that market. Yeah. And you've gotta know how to, you know, so we all jokes aside, so the Queen and Beaver is a gastro pub in Toronto that my friend Jameson Kerr started and he was a restaurateur.


So he had another restaurant and then he opened a few and, and, and including the Queen and Be Beaver and the Oxley. Now he runs exclusively Queen and Beaver and I have a small interest in, in it and have since it's since the beginning. Oh, Say it one more time Then, but that, but that is his, that is his business and that's what he does. Sure. Right. That's his full-time thing. And he runs a business and we are, we we're in the penny business. That's, wait. So we, we have to count everything and everything matters. And everything is locally. We, we make everything in the restaurant. All the bread is made in the restaurant. It's well priced and the menu's very good at, it's very simple. Again, it's just a gastro pub queen and beaver just above Dundas open seven days a week. But that's the thing. But, but like Jason was saying, after all those years of like, 'cause I go to this restaurant, we all have our favorite restaurants.


Sure. One of mine. Sure. And well, Jason's like, it's McDonald's. No. Oh shit. It's, it's Chin Chin. It's Chinch. I love Chin Chin. But no, you love salt. And, and after, after years and years, how do you find the energy and the passion to maintain and sustain that restaurant? Yeah, I think it's important to change the staff every three to four years. So they get complacent and lazy. I've been a great motivator of planet succession as well. This industry is an absolute bitch and it's notorious for the burnout. And So I start to spot that in the team. It's time to take a bit of a sabbatical and, and move them on.


Right. Russian called Remsey this year celebrates 28 years and 25 years at three star Michelin. So Wow. That's, Wow, that's amazing. That's in Chelsea, a tiny little restaurant. Just, what's it Called? Say it again? Restaurant Gordon Ramsay. So I decided, Oh, restaurant Gordon Ramsay after Getting screwed over by so many partners, you know, at the age of 30, when I convinced my wife to sort of sell any form of asset we had in order to conjure up some form of deposit to get my own restaurant. Right. Yeah. Oh, that's great. Back in 1998. Yeah. Wow. That's Impressive. What, what type of stuff do you guys serve there? What's the, so Highly seasonal, again, it moves from going into summer now, coming outta spring, it functions five days a week.


It's one brigade. We're closed Sunday, Monday. And so it's sort of one team, one dream. And that's how you conceptualize something that can run for decades because you keep it small and powerful. Right. I love that. And for, and for, for a dummy like me, the a Michelin star obviously is sort of like the, you know, gold medal of, of a restaurant. Right. And one is great, two is better, three is the best. 14 he's had, you've had 14, is that right? Yeah, we've won, yeah. Over the years we've got currently crazy just under 10, but three stars is the ultimate. And it's not just about the pompous wine cellar and the thick linen and Yeah. It's about the food being consistent and the food being immaculate. And It's not easy to get as Gordon what he's not doing.


Yeah. I was gonna ask you what he's leaning Out is, what does the process, how do you so Hard to get just one, let alone two, let alone three. It's, it's the most difficult thing to do. Wow. But like, like there are for, for slightly smarter for some reason about hotel stars. Like there are, there are certain things a, a hotel has to do in order to qualify for four stars versus three, five stars versus four. What is it that gets you a star? What is it that gets you to, what is it that gets you three? Sure. So the first star is based on consistency and good food. Okay. The second star is a level of excellence that is very rarely found again with great service. And third star is, you know, it's, it's utter perfection, but perfection every day.


Not just when the head chef's there, it's on a daily basis, lunch and dinner. So go back to Russian Gordon Ramsay. We've only got 10 tables. So everyone says, how do you maintain that? Because we cook 40 lunch and 40 dinners, 80 guests a day, but we're on what, 64 staff, you know, in that entire place. Oh, so you look at the ratio. Oh Wow. Yeah. But then, then you got your lease and you gotta pay over overhead. Yeah. And mean how do, Yeah. And then how does it, so is it, is it like a team of these Michelin folks that, that kind of go around the world? They don't let you know that they're coming, I would assume and they just kind of pop in every once in a while and then like Oui like the Pixar movies? Yes. That's, that's exactly that. I mean, they're all incognito. You never get to see or, or, or hear them. Maybe they'll introduce themselves once a year and you know, I know.


It is nice to meet you Godan and I will give you one star. Maybe They, they, they don't, they say nothing. They just pay the bill. Can I have a quick word of the chef? How's it going? And they keep it very, very minimal. You know, that Except for the big fat tire guy, except for the big fat tire guy. He's, he's hard to miss. He's The fat fucker that ate everything. Yeah. By the way, you know, Michel, it is Michelin tires, right? As you, as you know, Gordon will tell you, oh, it's the same company. So Gordon, will you tell the, will you tell the story of how No. Do you know the story of how they, they originated Right. I would like to Know. Yeah. So, And by the way, Gordon, before you get, you've had 17 Michelin stars. Go ahead. So thank, thank you. 17. So, so Gordon, tell 'em how it started.


So it's in the southwest of France and this company, as you know, was formidable for tires. And so they came up with the idea back in 1900 to sort of formulate this guide. So as you travel across France, you sort of stop off and you pick up and you, you sleep in these little hotels and they start sort of sprinkling stars over them. But it is the longest serving guide in the world. It's one of the most prestigious and it's the guide that you never get to know. So isn't That ama Isn't that amazing? Yeah, that is. So it Started, I've only, I've only been once I've had, I've been to one three star Michelin restaurant. Wow. And I was in Tokyo. I went to Giro and gee. Yeah. Beautiful and incredible. He made me, he made me my dinner in front of me.


Giro. Wow. The, this the old boy in 2015. That's Incredible. The documentary was amazing. 'cause he was Amazing Documentary Helix. He's got the sons there, but he won't hand it over to his sons because they don't think they're sort of, you know, competent enough. Well have You boy, Sean and Jason, have you seen that documentary Sushi? Yeah. So he has the one guy called the app called Giro Dreams of Sushi, JIRO. And he has a apprentice who's making that one special dish that I think it's a sort of a cake type thing. That's right. And and he doesn't let him make it to, to serve. He has to be an apprentice and practice for 10, five years. Five or 10 years, Five years to wash the rice and then 10 years to sort of get up to speed. It's Way, way to be. Yes. It's crazy. And that's the sort of level of perfection that it takes to become a three star Michelin three star.


Well, you Have to really want to do it. Yeah. But I'll be honest, once you get there, you've gotta delegate, you've gotta get it off your radar in a way that you, you you bring the next tier of talent through, otherwise you're gonna get change of that stove. And Yeah. I want to get into like where, like where did you find, like, who was your inspiration to be fearless? Because you're the, I mean, you're fearless in business and in in your restaurants in life. I mean, you just go and go and go and you attack attack life. It's crazy. Yeah. I think, I'll be honest, I think that's growing up in poverty Mm. In a way that, you know, coming from a, a counselor state, sort of deprived area, going to school with like holes in your trousers and your mum having to put leather patches on your knees.


Yeah. Which then actually turned out quite cool. Getting called out by your mates. 'cause you're having to line up in the queue for dinner tickets because you didn't have the money to buy food. Yeah, same. Yeah. And then of course the biggest embarrassment I had my big sister and my little brother at the same school. Mom and dad could never, we never bought independent individual photos. So we had to go for that family shot that all three of us together that the school were paying for. So you, you were pulled outta class on the sort of last day of those shots and made to feel so bad because they knew you weren't doing individual shots and anyone got called out in the middle of the lesson. When did you know, when did you know, so growing up in that, when did you know that like, I'm gonna make it outta here.


I'm smart enough, I have the tool, I have the brain to, to get me out of where my situation, was It a early age? Yeah. From that moment? Yeah. Yeah. I, I was, first off, as you know, I started in soccer and So I had a really strong sporting background at the age of 18. I got released from Blasier rangers in a way that I was in their academy. And I got You played that you played under 14 football, right? Yeah, under 14. Under 16. Under 18. Yeah. But because I was so big and sort of lanky and fast, I sort of played two years above my station. Right. So I was playing in a game and it was a friendly game, preseason friendly game. And I, I got involved in a horrific tackle and I, I smashed my, my cartilage and, and tore my crucial ligament.


My left knee naturally left footed. Back in those days you weren't adex you were never sort of kicking brilliantly with both feet. So naturally left footed was quite rare. And then I got sort of released. I got let go. They told me they'd keep an eye on me and all that bullshit that comes with, you know, a sorry, a sorry. Goodbye. And then I got into a catering course, just a, a basic college course where I'd spend two days a week at college and five days a week in a local hotel. And that's how it started. And So football, but, but initially football really saved you would you say from, from your situation early on? Yeah, I mean, yeah, exactly that 'cause it sort of not just kept me out of trouble, but it, it got me into a level of discipline that I enjoyed.


But most importantly, I excelled. You know, I really did. Yeah.


We'll be right back. You've booked your flights, you've booked your place to stay. Now what adventure doesn't need to begin when you arrive with get your Guide Planning is as much of an experience as the trip itself Get Your Guide is an online platform where you can discover and book a range of activities in the US and around the world. Choose from over 150,000 experiences, including guided tours, sightseeing excursions, adventure activities, museum tickets, and so much more. Get Your Guide brings the thrill of discovery to every moment leading up to your trip. No matter where you're headed. Get your guide is the best way to connect with your destination. With locally vetted and expertly curated experiences, there's something for everyone. Whether it's musty, iconic attractions, or unexpected under the radar gems, it's awesome. With flexible booking options, mobile tickets, and millions of verified reviews, you'll find everything you need to simplify trip planning and book the best things to do in thousands of destinations. Discover and book experiences for your next trip@getyourguide.com. That's get your guide.com.


The Clorox toilet wand. I mean I can just stop right there. Does that not sound like a pleasure? The Clorox toilet wand uses disposable scrubbing pads preloaded with cleaning solution that brings clean to a whole new level. You gotta appreciate the efficiency even if you're not cleaning your toilet for fun. Okay. The Clorox toilet wand is an all-in-one toilet cleaning system that comes complete with a sleek bathroom caddy and disposable scrubbing pads preloaded with cleaning solution. Just click swish and toss for a fuss free clean. Notice how we didn't say toilet brush. It's a wand and it cleans like magic. Visit Amazon to purchase your Clorox toilet wand today.


The weather's getting warmer and Whole Foods Market has everything you need to have fun in the sun. Alright, now let's ditch the announcer voice 'cause that what I want to tell you to do is fire up the grill with no antibiotics ever made in-house beef burgers perfect for Whole Foods Market brioche buns. Plus check out Amy Lou chicken sausage or chicken burgers and uniquely flavored condiments to add a fun new kick to your cookout. The produce section is looking as vibrant and lovely as ever with seasonal finds like cut watermelon chunks and cherries, robust heirloom tomatoes and grill ready corn back to announcer voice start summer deliciously at Whole Foods Market. And now back to the show.


That's interesting. You bring up the discipline because you are, and, and Sean said it, you're so driven. But you also come across as, as a very disciplined person. You, as I mentioned, you travel a lot, you have a a and grateful so many things on your plate, forgive the pun, but you do have so many things on your plate. And I wonder is, do do you attribute some of that to the discipline that you did learn early on from being part of a team? From being being involved in sports so heavily? Yeah. I mean, listen, restaurants are dangerous games, right? When you start indulging, when you start drinking, when you start sitting down with customers and you start opening a bottle of wine and you start looking for the second and third, all of a sudden you are then a customer. And so I've got that level of discipline that it's not there to be indulged.


Mm. Rational Gordon Ramsay. Would you believe we've only eaten there as a family? God, we've only eaten that restaurant in 27 years. Three times once with Meghan to celebrate her 16th birthday once was with friends. And the last time I ate there would you believe was with Coop when he was filming burnt. Oh no way. With Bradley. And we had dinner together and he said, do you come here often? I said, no, I'm embarrassed. What of your success? No, not so much of the success. I'm just embarrassed about how plush this thing is because we never grew up with this. Right. I created this, I worked for it, but I don't wanna indulge. I think that's the discipline coming back again. But having that opportunity to excel so early in, in soccer and giving yourself a sense of, of, of excellence, of, of now that you, well once you, once you came into a leadership position, did you find that you were eager to give that opportunity to, to your staff?


Whether they be a, a, a, a sous chef, prep chef, or a, I mean it, how, how did that, how did that inform the way in which you led folks Unselfishness? Yeah. And the, the, the, the non-control freak in me. And I suppose, you know, getting to the very top and winning that third mission star. I, I grew up watching mom handle three jobs and she was a, a a a cook in a, a beautiful little restaurant in Stratford, even so, oh yeah. After soccer practice, I'd go there and prep the veg for her. So, oh, there you go. It was mainstream food. But she installed that work ethic in me early. And So I knew when I got to the very top, if I didn't delegate at the age of 33 and teach beneath me in a way that you've got everyone up to that platform, I, I I would kill myself because it is that relentless unless you take a step back.


So one minute you are playing in the orchestra, next minute you are conducting the orchestra, and that orchestra is those 25 chefs on a daily basis. You then have to teach quickly and offload what you've got to empower the other others to get on that platform. You know, it, it's so funny 'cause oftentimes when you see, especially when they cut the commercials together for your various shows, you're, they sort of cast you as the guy who's coming. You're being really hard on the people who run the restaurant and they're quite slow and they're dumb and you're smart and you're the villain or you're, you're the star, but you're the villain or you're the good guy, you're saving them, but you're you where love. Right. And what I think that there's like this, I certainly, before I had ever watched the show, when I saw those things, the misconception I had was that, that it was all ego. And in fact, it's the opposite.


You, you, you understand that you've actually got very, there's very little ego in it. You, you understand that the restaurant or the business is the star and that you, everybody has to be on board pulling towards making that thing succeed. Yeah, exactly. Right. Yeah. Otherwise you've spent decades as a busy idiot. And I'll be honest, you know, seriously, because you, you just spent, you know, listen, the, the hours are unsociable, you know, the, the money shit on the journey up, like in any career. And so you've gotta value that process. And so when I started realizing all these issues, it was about, you know, the lack of empowerment. You've got to get them on the same page. And so yes, it's brutal.


Yes. I'm honest. Yes I am absolutely in their face. 'cause it's bloody frustrating when they're not listening. Right, right. And kitchen nightmares, let's not forget, I don't rock up unannounced. They do ask me in there by way. That's Right. Right. Okay. And they promised me they have cleaned up before I got there. And I'm thinking, holy shit. So you cleaned up and it's still a shit hole. What was it like two weeks ago? Yeah. I mean the but the but the psychological journey that you take them on is so funny. One of the greatest one-liners you had was you, you, you walk in there to somebody you said, you're like a one hit wonder except your one hit is fucking burnt.


Jesus. I got, I, I got accused once of bringing a mouse in my pocket and no way. Yeah. I think it was outside Philly in a restaurant and there was a mouse running across the floor. And I said, look, we we're about to open the doors. There's a fucking mouse on table seven. I said, stop it. You brought that in. I said, sorry, beg your pardon. He said, yeah, roll the cameras back. I said, what do you mean roll the cameras back? Yeah, play the tape. I said, what do you mean play the tape? I don't do that shit. Are you saying that I put this mouse in my Yeah, I saw you shake your leg as you came through the door. You shook the mouse out of your, your ankles. That's rati, Isn't it? Honestly, I swear to God.


What's the grossest without naming it? What's the grossest situation you ever walked into in a restaurant? It's every episode. I know, but there must be one that stuck with you that's like, Oh God, I I I think recently I was in one restaurant and you know, sort of the hot plate, the past, that's where everything comes to, right? Yeah. And they had all these par jars up there with like rice and lentils and grains and I thought one of those jars had smashed 'cause it's full of all these little grains. And until I got up close personal, I didn't realize it was actually full of rat shit. Yeah. And So I said to the chef, Hey, have you seen what's on top of the past? You know, this stuff could be dripping into the face. Well it's not.


I said, yeah, but it's rat shit. He young clean it. I said, but when are you gonna clean it? He said, what do you expect me to do? Fucking shoot the rats. I said, no, clean your shit hole. And so he was cooking food. It's Amazing Under the hot plate with all these little tiny turds that's disgust that had dehydrated become like little bullets on top of the past. Gross Chasing, chasing, God, this hurts you so much. I can't. Yeah. Yeah. Another, another, another one liner. Sorry, this is the last one you said to, it might have been recently. You said, you're so fucking useless. You make a bloody brick wall look intelligent. God, sometimes I don't even know if I'm coming out with 'em.


You know that sometimes it's just in the heat of the moment. Of Course, Of course. They push your buttons, man. Yeah. Well what, what, what really does? And, and if it changes, let us know. But I would imagine that your button gets pushed when you see people really not kind of rowing in the same direction. Like not really being a good team member. Or is it, or is it lack of work ethic or concentration? What is it that really gets you Laziness. Yeah. Yeah. Laziness. Yeah. That's the worst thing anyone can bring into any, especially When you are working hard and you're and people around you aren't as aren't where you are. Yeah, exactly. That. And there are so many tiny details. And I always consider 10 little problems become one big problem at the end of the day. But when chefs start cutting corners in our business, you're screwed.


It's, it's the beginning of the end. And also hygiene. No, seriously. You know, there is nothing worse than a sweaty fat fuck that comes outta that kitchen and goes to the table and he's got dehydrated his skin. He's got a beard that's un trimmed. He's sweating from the armpits. His fingernails are black. And he asks you, how is your fucking lunch? Yeah. I mean, the worst question. Yeah, the worst question. First of all, you should never have sent that food if it wasn't good anyway. So don't ask that question. Right. Secondly, it's a bad advert for the restaurant. Right. You know, and it's gross. And, and, and, and today's chefs need to be a lot more prolific.


Not just as a marketing tool, but just common sense. And so Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I hate laziness. I hate slobs. I I'm not, I'm not good at that. Yeah, yeah. Being around what, what, what do you guys, what do you I I know what my pet peeves are when I walk into a restaurant and they're not, they're really pretty trivial. Do you guys have a pet? Does it start with welcome in? Well, first of all, welcome in, welcome in. If I own a restaurant, whoa. I do wanna, if anybody at the Queen Beaver says, welcome in, you're gone. You fucking hate that sort of fo faux folksy bullshit. And it's New, right? Isn't it? Just Like, have a day. It's like when you play golf, they go have a day Fuck off, please. Exactly. Hey, please fuck right off. That took over for touch base and circle back. Circle Back.


Yeah. Welcoming is gone. But also when, when a, when a waiter says, so tonight Chef is preparing, I'm like, I don't know, chef. So stop referring to, and chef is doing a braised beef. Yeah. Again, Or it's going to be, It's gonna be Yes. Yes. It's gonna be put on a plate. Oh, is it? I hope so. Yeah. Or soup the day. What was it? Well, it's a roasted carrot and cumin. And what was the soup day yesterday? Roasted carrot and cumin. Carrot cumin. What Was the soup last week? Roasted carrot and cumin. So soup the fucking month. Yeah. Okay. And isn't soup really just sauce? Can, can we dispel the whole, isn't it It really is soft. Wow. This is, it's it's salty. It's cream. Like you could put it over a chicken breast.


No, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, soups are magical. I remember going to Paris at the age of 22. I, I said to you earlier, I, without a pot to piss in and I had to become French. And not only was I running away from the hurt in soccer, but I just wanted to memorize myself in France and become French. And my first, my first job on the gaje, the sort of starter section was making this broccoli soup with goat cheese ravioli. So they gave me these heads of broccoli and a pan of water. And I thought we'd need garlic, shallots vegetable stock. But all it was was rolling, boiling beautiful water, nicely seasoned. The florets, the little flowers of broccoli cooked for two minutes.


So we, we didn't lose the color. Then you drain those broccoli florets, and then from there you use the water that broccoli was cooked in and you puree the broccoli and add the water back to it. And its most natural, delicious flavored broccoli soup, starving two ingredients, broccoli and water. And then of course it gets sent into the Premier League with those little tiny goat cheese raviolis. And it was so beautifully done. So no soup is not a fucking sauce. No, it's not. And Sean and Sean and Sean, just for Sean Broccoli is a vegetable. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hang on. That is, It looks like a tree. Yeah. It's not a Pop-Tart flavor. All right. Now what Gordon, why my, my mother is British and she was always sort of just like, oh, well, you know, Britain was never really known for its great food.


She would always say No. Why is that, that that's changed? And I, and I hear that it has changed now. Can you walk us through that? Yeah. I mean, I got the piss and you take out change when change Yeah. When I was in Paris in the nineties. 'cause we had such a bad reputation. You, it was like roast beef, fish and chips, mushy peas. And it was, it was dreadful. It was gray, it was dark. It was, it was fucking horrendous because It was heavily influenced from, I think it was the mining, the mining towns in a way that it was like Meat and two veg and you know, it was that sort of uninspired way of cooking with just absolute crap. And So I couldn't wait to get out of the UK to go and sort of get on that journey and start searching.


And so France was, it was this bedrock. It, it gave birth to odd cuisine. And then from France, I went to Italy. From Italy, I went to Spain. And then from Spain, you know, I came across and, and, and spent a year on this incredible yacht traveling around the world, picking up multiple cultures. So, wow. Now the UK is this stunning melting pot with central Europe. We're 26 miles away from France and it's got some of the best, best food in Europe. Now we can rub shoulders with the French, we can rub shoulders in the US and yeah, it's a nation to be proud of. Now, Not to get political, but do you think Brexit kind of is, is dulling the, the, the cuisine influence? I think it's putting a bit of a, sort of a wedge between, you know, those, those incredible countries.


The crossover is beautiful. I love a wedge With blue cheese and bacon. Sorry. Oh Shit. So yeah, I, I I never get into politics. I stay outta that shit because customers come to be neutral and to break bread without some chefs passing out. But The influence of all of those countries that are so close to England, I'm sure helped to influence the, the cuisine there massively, but no longer Massively. What, what do you, what would you say, would you lay later rest or explain if you can, for our listener, when, when you, when an English, when an Englishman describes going, having his dinner, his supper, his tea? Yes. And, and where they all fit and what time of day they fit and how they can be distinguished one from the other. Yeah, That's a great question.


First of all, I went to school with porridge, which is your oatmeal, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah. We, we didn't, we, we, we, we didn't use milk. We used it. We used it with salt. I remember my father saying to me once, that you're gonna be, you're gonna be making your oatmeal with salt. And I said, dad, why? Why puts hairs on your bollocks? I'm like, okay. Okay. So, so we start off with porridge, oatmeal, and then lunch is just a basic sandwich. And then you come home for your tea. And tea is a dinner, but it's called tea because you never asked for dinner. Dinner was a posh word. You went home for tea. Yeah. And sometimes that would be a jam sandwich. Sometimes that could be fish and chips, steak, kidney pie.


But you had your tea. And back in those days you just, you you just, you got what your mom served you. Right. You never questioned that. Is that Not traditionally at four o'clock? No, I think you're thinking of the sort of tea that's tea. The, the afternoon tea. That's different. Oh, That's what I thought it was. Okay. So yeah. Tea's dinner. Well, so You hear like a guy coming back, especially, you know, 50, 60 years ago, a guy come back from, you know, when they used to have the coal mines and that's all gone now. But they'd come back and he'd say, you know, he'd come back, back, go home to have his tea. Right. Gordon is, that's sort Of, that's exactly that. Going home for tea. Yeah. D does the United States, in your opinion, have el elevated cuisine at all? I mean like, Oh my god, definitely. Yeah. Absolute. Definitely. Without a doubt. Yeah. Okay. I mean you have to, you of us have to go to the cities, like the big cities to get it right.


Yeah. I think the biggest shock when I first came over here years ago was just the size of the breakfast. Yeah. And then on the side of the breakfast, you've got a fucking fruit salad on your breakfast as well. So it turns into like a mini dessert. That's not the way you wanna start the day. Right. Oh my God. They say it's the most important meal of the day, but it should be your lightest meal of the day. And then you build up to that. So Yeah. But chefs are notorious for sort of eating because we graze. And so everyone says, you're not eating, you're not hungry. No, we've just grown up grazing. 'cause if you don't taste everything before it goes out, then how do you perfect that level of utter beautiful, stunning food? So we have small spoons and So I can't go out and eat.


I think will, last time you saw me, like you're just picking, you're eating properly. Do you have an eating disorder? I'm like, no, we just can't eat starter app's. Main design. Yeah, you did it. That's exactly right. You didn't, you didn't go through the whole thing, you just had sort of little bits and pieces. Yeah, Gordon, I, I work a bit in Atlanta and I'm always really surprised and excited. Oh, Here we go. Plugging Atlanta And, and excited about how great the restaurants are there. What's, when's what's the last city that surprised you in the States with Its, with its cuisine. I'd say Austin. Austin, Texas. Okay. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. Powerful. Oh my goodness. Me. And I mean, I'm just talking about barbecue. There's some incredible ethnic restaurants there.


And from Filipino to great Greek restaurants and Japanese Asian inspired. Yeah. Yeah. Austin, Texas. What, what, what, what other than, other than naturally French like French cuisine, which is sort of almost like the sort of the, the, the granddaddy of the mall in a way. And other than going out for that, what is the, what is your sort of guilty pleasure meal to go out for that? You're like, just go and have a Chinese or whatever, you know what I mean? What is that? Yeah, I mean, you know, I spent three years training in France. That's two years in Paris and a year down the south of France. And I absolutely adore France. It's just the French I can't fucking stand. So Don't worry. They're not listening. Do you Speak French?


I do. Yes, I do. Yes. Do you Speak Italian too? And and Spanish? Yeah, but not fluent. The French is where it's at. And we still got Russians. Gordon. I had a, I had a French waiter once say to me, I said, everybody else is ordering drinks. And I said, I'll have a Diet Coke. And he goes, American Champagne. I was like, Hey, fuck you. Fuck you, dude. They just have the most romantic ways of describing food. You, we have grilled cheese, cheese and toast. They have fucking hot maeu mashed potatoes. They have pom puree. We have apple pie. They have a D Palm. Yeah. Yeah. But it is good. It is delicious. It's good. So it is good. So other than, other than French cuisine, what's your guilty play? What's your thing that you're like, oh, I'm gonna go and have that? Oh God, I'm, I'm a big fan of yeah. Inn Out burger. I love burgers, honestly. Yeah, I do too.


A great smash burger. I just love burgers. I, I absolutely adore burgers. Did That just start the smash burger and, and what what it is literally you just make the patty not fat and juicy. You make it thin and Yeah. Little It's Better caramelized. Yeah. And they smash once social Media. Social media has, has popularized it for sure is. Yeah. And the bun the bun too. Right. So it kind of, the bun becomes a little bit more sort of dense, the whole thing, like A sandwich. Because whenever I would go to a hotel and order a, it'd be gigantic. Yeah. The burger. And you couldn't even get your mouth there. And then it was like a mess. I ask you how you want It cooked. Jesus, shut your blood pressure's going relax, okay, they're gonna fix the burger Christ. But also you get a much better caramelization on that smash burger 'cause you roll and then literally smash it immediately the minute it's being pressed onto that griddle.


And then literally 90 seconds each side is caramelized. It's juicy. And you can do a double stack on that as well. And really identify the flavor. That means what, what's the dish? You think that what, what, what dish are you most proud of? What, what dish do you think you make because you make so many, what, what dish do you think you make really well, and it could be as simple as, as an omelet. What's the thing that you do really well? You in your, in your opinion. There's, there's two things. When we took over cla back in 2004, I sort of re reintroduce the filler beef Wellington, which is a showstopper. And, and that's just like your perfect sort Of go-to. That's like beef in a p in a pastry, right? Yeah. I love, I don't think I've ever had it. I don't think I've Ever had. I'll send you delicious. And then second is scrambled eggs.


Scrambled eggs for me are, I knew It, it's so important. And because anything rubber, anything overcooked, undercook, it's terrible. There's nothing worse, honestly. And then every time I see chefs put fucking eggs in a microwave, I scream. I just, oh No. Some of the, some of the best scrambled eggs I ever had in my life was at the hotel George sank in. Oh, there you Go. Amazing. Of course. And I asked the Guy, the little cream in it, right? There You go. Well, I asked the guy, I said, how do you get 'em so soft and creamy? I don't know if you joking with me, you go fucking go fuck yourself. Yeah. With just a dash of go fuck what? With All these questions. Stupid American. Shut up. You like to know the magic In, in French, it's fat for foot. Yeah, Fat for foot. Yes.


What does that mean? Fucking fuck. You can fuck yourself. Wait. But So I, I dunno if he was joking, he said, American cheese, right? And I'm, and I'm like, no, that can't be what I come wait. I come home, listen to this. I come home, I make scrambled eggs, soft scrambled eggs really slow. And I put craft singles in them. Oh shit. It's incredible. Lemme tell you. Let me tell you. Stop it. I'm gonna make it for you. Stop it. It's, it's incredible. Gordon Just punched a hole in the wall behind Somebody, Somebody's sweet and creamy. Somebody once put a little cottage cheese in scrambled eggs. Oh. And it was, it was pretty good. No, no, no. The secret behind any great scrambled egg is stopping the cooking because that's right. You don't stop the cooking, they'll just overcook and turn into rub. So it's a teaspoon of creme fresh or a little tablespoon of cream.


And that just slows the process down. All right, Sean, he was fucking with you. He just wanted to keep you in America. He wanted to go home and stay home. You know, you know what the one thing I do like, here's my guilty pleasure eggs. I will say this, my guilty pleasure eggs in Southern California, especially in, in is there and eggs with a little bit of cheese. Yes. Beautiful. I love be fantastic. And and corn beef ash. Yeah, they go B eggs. We can't eat breakfast, lunch and dinner. That's the nice thing about eggs. That's the simplicity behind eggs. And it's something I taught all the kids, you know, our kids to make, you know, from the ages of six great scrambled eggs. And is it true that the cholesterol and eggs has been dispelled? Are they they're fine for you is what I hear. Or what, what do you know? Yeah, it's the, it's the balance, isn't it? I mean, you don't eat that every day.


Sure. And so we'll do scrambled eggs maybe at the weekend, Saturday or Sunday. Okay. We'll be right back


Guys. It's getting to be summer. The days are getting longer and they're a little warmer. It's the perfect time to be outside in your backyard and hang out with friends and cook and have a little drink and frolic and tell jokes. It's the best time of year for those of us in cold weather states. Summer is almost on its way. And there's no better place to go for outdoor furniture than Wayfair. Wayfair's. Huge selection of outdoor updates makes it easy to make your outdoor space more comfortable, functional. And most importantly, more you shop patio sets and lounge chairs, outdoor tables and umbrellas, grills, sheds, gazebos, and even hot tubs. There's something for every style in every home, no matter your space or budget. Plus get free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. So, you know, I found the perfect thing on Wayfair. It just totally fit my vibe. My outdoor space is a very chill, summery like barbecue feel. So I got these little lanterns. I put little fake candles in the lanterns and you just put a battery in 'em and it looks, it makes outdoor look so beautiful at night and in fighting and cozy and it's awesome. So we have some friends over. We cook outside. It's super fun. Shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online this summer. Get outside with Wayfair. Head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Guys, news flash. I like candy and I like it a lot. And one of my staples in my house is Twizzlers ate 'em all the time. Especially as part of my movie Candy. When I go and sit and watch a movie, I pick Twizzlerss. The fun never stops with Twizzlerss. It's the candy that lets you stretch out the fun. Other candy can be too sweet or overpowering. Twizzlerss is the perfect level of sweet and comes in the perfect chewy twist that everyone knows and loves. Twizzlers is the perfect summer snack companion to unwind at the end of the day and doesn't melt in the summer. Sun Twizzlerss have something for every fruity, chewy candy lover. The original strawberry flavor is where it all began. Twizzlers are a classic and give your mouth something to smile about. So on my little table by the couch in my family room, I have a bunch of little glass jars with a bunch of candy and one of them is Twizzlers. Like I said, I love the strawberry, the classic strawberry Twizzler. It just reminds me of being a kid. And it's fun to just chew on while you're watching a movie. Grab a bag of Twizzlers and stretch out the fun.


Amazon makes it easy to find whatever you're looking for. And at low prices, discover a great selection of everyday essentials at a great value. Amazon is your go-to destination for both basics and the specific things you need. Get what you need all in one place without jumping through hoops. Your money goes further here. Shop for all your needs, whether they're planned or those last minute must haves from detergent to diapers, cookies to pain relievers. Find it all on Amazon and save time. Check out Amazon Basics and Amazon Essentials for quality products you'll love. Next time you run outta coffee, need a new lipstick, realize you're outta light bulbs. Need just a piece of paper. Amazon has it covered. Save the everyday with deals from Amazon. Alright, back to the show.


Wait, but go back to your kids because you have six kids. Good for you. Right? Oh, I'm jealous. I have six children. Yes. And, and I read that you missed the birth of your first four kids on purpose. Is that right? Well, hold on, you're gonna get me into shit here. Let's make one thing absolutely clear. Okay. Well, I I read it. I know, but my wife didn't want me in there. Yeah. Why? She said, first of all, I want my mom and your mom in here. You're not gonna fucking see me in that state. Right. Yeah. Okay. That side of the curtain. Get out of there. I Get it. Okay. Okay. So that was her decision. I had to respect that decision. Got it. And then when I did finally arrive in the theater for our fifth baby, I fucking collapsed like a wimp. And I, oh no, I blacked out holding Oscar in the air.


Did you? Yes. I was so fucked holding the baby. But they, they said, what do you wanna listen to? And it was, it was coming through the sunroof. And so there's a lot of commotions going on. It was a C-section. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. I've been there. Guess, did you call that the sunroof? Yeah, I've been for All three, all three of my sons. I said, oh, can you play Ed Sheeran? So they started playing there, but he turned the volume. I can all these noise show the volume. And all of a sudden I saw two more doctors dive in. I looked on the floor and there was blood everywhere. All of a sudden. Oh God. They popped him up and then they came straight over to me and I went, whoa, whoa, whoa. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. I sat back and then I clapped like a fucking idiot. Oh, my second son, My second son that came through on the radio, you could just hear very low young hots, beefy Love that Soul.


I know, me too. It was so, so bizarre. That's great. So Bizarre. But I, and, and then Gordon, how do you, forgive me for asking, but I think it's incredible. You have all of these business ventures. You go, you just go, go, go. The drive, the ambition, the success. How do you, what is your rules of balancing all of the family life and the work life? Yeah, that's a great question. So balance is critical. We got the right kind of support. Every time we were filming throughout the us the kids would come with us, and then we would take them outta school two weeks early, put them back two weeks late. So we'd do the sort of filming schedules around the school schedules. It's a lot easier now. We had four amazing kids, and then Tana and I had this crazy idea to go back for more.


And so there's quite a big gap. Megan, she's our elders. She's 26, she's a, an incredible police off officer back in London. Oh, that's great. Then we have the twins at 25. Jack's a Royal Marine commando, Holly's into a fashion. Wow. Oh, and then there's Matilda, who's 23, who's literally just come back from culinary school. Would you believe? Oh, and I, in a beautiful school called Bally Mao. I am a little bit miffed the fact that she didn't ask me to train her, and sure, she's gone off elsewhere. She's seen your show to come back to the fold. Yeah. She's seen the shows. That's the problem. So it sounds like you made all your, did all your kids have, did they all work sort of as they were growing up and have jobs and do things and have direction? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And you, and you never flew, you always make them fly coach or something, or like you would never.


A Hundred percent. Yeah. And I tried to explain to them what they could do with the money when they land, because we're all getting on and getting off together. So I understand the difference. And secondly, no disrespect an 8-year-old or a 10-year-old, they don't need fucking business class or first class, or even as a teenager, they shouldn't be used to that kind of exposure. Right. Yeah. So you get up, you'll, you'll walk a bread, a bread roll from first class back to them, A bread roll. Oh, the bread's so hot up front. Here's, here's a couple. I'll be right back. I'll be back in about an hour to check on you. Yeah. I, I I say turn fucking right and do not disturb us for the next 12 hours. Right. No, you're really, you're doing them a service though. They're really, you're, because otherwise you're depriving your kids of, of learning of how, how to live life and how to do things if you don't, if you don't provide that for them, I think.


Yeah. And also removing the hunger, right? Yeah. And so it's not about excelling at school with a stars and you know, a's everywhere. I think so. It is about creating individuals. Well Give them a direction of something that they want to do. Right. And values will give them the values. Yeah. Install those values. And they gotta, they can't depend on the mom and dad. I, I'm not perfect at it. I'm not suggesting that I am, but I'm, I'm sure you know, know. 'cause I got net chats on the other line. They wanna talk to you about you next week. No, but I mean, you know, look, look, you've got, you've got your daughter, you got her into directing and she came and worked on your show and you got her sort of into the thing and give 'em a direction. And I got, my kids are working this summer. They're teenagers. They've got jobs. Yeah. Give 'em a start and then see what they do With it. Exactly. Yeah. I want them to have an idea of what it takes to make their own living and take care of themselves.


I worked At a furniture shop, We don't care. How is that mic still on many fucking This Unreal Gordon's here and he's talking about his family. You talking Shana speak. Let the, he's our guests. I didn't, I didn't know what I was doing. Gordon, what do you, how do you feel? What, you know, so you've the restaurant business, you know, you love, you killed it. And then you get into the television business, you know it, you love it. You're killing it. Can, is there, is there a similarity between the two? Is there, is there an appeal that, that, that is shared with both? Or do you love one over the other? Or how does that all fit In for you? Yeah, that's a good question. I mean, I, I think it's the level of creativity I think that I enjoy most about the tv.


I hate it when shows are canceled. So I'm always a firm believer in taking your own show and down first before you Yeah. You know, get canceled. And so there's nothing worse when something gets canceled. I said, fuck it, I'll come up with a better idea so you don't take me down and replace it with that. Also, I think not standing still. I think that's one thing. Growing up watching mum handle three jobs. Yes. Even on Christmas day, we wouldn't see her till 5:00 PM in the afternoon. 'cause I knew she was coming in from the night shift working in a hospital. So you grow with that work ethic. And I, yeah. I mentioned it earlier, you know, not just the fear of not having it there one day, but just the value you have, where you are and how, how long it's taken to master your craft. Right. And that crossover into the TV world is, is, is, is it's, it's sort of hand in love because it's, it's real.


Okay. The shows are real. I take it serious. It's not about light camera action. I'm not a big fan of the shiny floor stuff. I love the raw stuff, if I'm honest. So, Oh, Rob is mad at you for saying that. So He's always mad at me. He loves The shiny floor. I No, no, but, but even when we are on the shiny floor, I want to keep it real. Okay. I wanna keep it really real, so. Right, right. Are you able to just to stop and enjoy the, the fruits of your labor and all the success? I mean, 'cause every time we talk about your shows and your work, you just, you love what you do and you go go, like you said, you just go, go, go. Are you able to just stop and go, wow, look at this and, and actually vacation and like, you know, calm down for a bit And pat yourself on the back.


Yeah. I'm not very good at pat myself on the back of a morning. So what I do do, when I'm off, I'm off every six months. There's a, either an Ironman or a marathon. And so, oh wow. There's this sort of date that I build up to my next Ironman is coming. It's an Ironman, An Iron man. It's a Oh, iron man. A tri race triathlon. Oh, got it. Got it. Goes. And so my wife competes as well. She loves it. We spend a lot of time together, swimming, cycling, and running. And so we have that nice little balance with house. Do you have, Have a first gear? Is is, do you ever, ever shift down? No, but I mean, a lot of people are scared of that level of exercise. For me it's, it's a way of relaxing. I know it sounds crazy, but it Is a way Sean.


Is that what Dr. Is that what keeps you, is it fear? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just fear of exercising. Yeah. Might Start sweating. Fear of Ex. Yeah. I don't wanna sweat. That's imp What's what's what's your, what's your, what's your strongest, oh, that's hard sport or what's your, what's your weakest? Is it Swim? The swim and the bike are strong. No, everyone traces out over the swim. And to be honest, everyone overwork that swim to shave two minutes off their time, which is crazy. I remember sitting in the deep water start in Hawaii for Kona Iron Man, and there was two and a half thousand athletes. We had to swim out 200 meters and then wade, you know, a tread water for 10 minutes before the cannon went off at half, five in the morning. Oh my God. I thought, my god, this is the most beautiful moment of my life. Wow. And then the visibility was 30 meters.


The swim was 3.8 k. No wetsuits. 'cause there's a lot of salt in that water. So you're naturally buoyant. Yeah. And I put my goggles on and I'm looking underneath. I'm like, fuck. It's like being alive, finding Nemo down here. The fish were everywhere. I started coning my ideas for dishes, et cetera. And then I got out the swim, super relaxed and then onto the bike because I do relax when I train. 'cause I just get into that rhythm and I de-stress and I offload and then I'm uncontactable. I think that's the most important part about ah, you know, shutting off. No one get hold of me That anyone knows that j You like that you, you have a meditative quality of your workouts too. Like, you like to run for six miles and be kind of non-contact. I, I do.


Yeah. It, it, it is, it's just nice. I, I think just the discipline. Right. And it's solitary. It's just you against your body, your will. Yeah. Your, your, your discipline. Yeah. I, I I do enjoy it. Hey Gordon, do you know, you mentioned your mom a couple of times. She sounds like she was a huge influence on you. Is she still with us? Was she able to, to see and appreciate your, your success? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's great. Mom's 78. She's down in Taunton, southwest of England. Yeah, that's great. My first ambition after winning our third missionary star was after selling our house to go and get that lease because the bank wouldn't back us. So that was the only tangible asset I had. After winning our third star, the first time we ever come into any money, I went and bought mom her first house.


And so that's amazing. For her to have that in her fifties, something that she's never grown up with was just one of the, one of the most exciting moments of my life. We Have so many similarities. Amazing. Sean, you did Sean. Sean, you did the same thing. Yeah. I I bought your dad a new set of tires. Right. Because he really burned through those first ones. Getting the hell outta there. Real flat spot on. Shit. He ripped and he ripped the rear views off too. Right. Shit, you guys Fall asleep. Oh my God. While the wheel was spinning, he'd ripped the rear view mirror off, threw it out the window. I think he hit Sean and Tracy both in the forehead with it.


Then the tires tracked up and off he went. And we, we haven't been closer since, My gosh, Honestly. Wait, Gordon. But so many similarities. We don't have to go into it. But my mom, super hard work workhorse. Like, like I learned everything from her. Grew up really poor five kids. Dad was nowhere. And similar, I just have a lot of the same drive that you do and it's just, it's great to talk to you about all of that. It's, it's, I I get it. I get where it comes from. And You, you bought your mom a house That would And I bought my mom a house too. Yeah. Success. You Did the same. Amazing. Yeah, It's amazing. Yeah. It's, it's the best gift you could ever give. By the way, I've told this story a million times. I'll tell it later. It's, it's my mom. I did this big moment for her.


I, I, where I moved her into her condo. You gave Monocle? Yeah. My mom has one eye. Gordon, she had said she had one eye. Yeah. And so she, I moved into a condo and while I built her this big mansion for all of us to live in, and she and I had that big movie, that bus moment where I filled it, you know, with the furniture and the silver all literally, she just had to bring her toothbrush. And she walks in and she was so shocked and so surprised. She was crying her eye out. And she and she, she's literally touched the couch. And she said, I don't know that I would've picked out that couch, but everything else is like that. And that instead of like, and that, that really, all three of us have the same mom.


That's mothers. That's mothers. That's mother. That's crazy. I remember when she came to Claus for the first time and she was like the guest of honor for the opening party, and they put upstairs in the penthouse suite and Butler came in and said, Mrs. Ramsey, can I kind of run your bath? And she said, certainly not. I can run my own bath. Thank you very much. I'm like, oh my God. Honestly. Yeah. Yeah. And then I, I flew over to LA and we got this beautiful house up in Bel Air Crest. And it, it's, it's beautiful. The views are stunning and it is a dream. And she was looking after the kids while Ton and I went for a run. Funny enough, I came back and I said, you okay? She said, yeah, I'm just wondering you the neighbors. I said, yeah, what's wrong with them? She said, no one's got the washing out. And I said, fuck sake, no one hangs their washing out.


Our neighbor for 10 years was Stevie Wonder who lived next door to us. And the sweetest guy. The sweetest guy. Yeah, I bet. And, and mum didn't even know it was Stevie. Stevie Wonder. Yeah. And I'm like, mum, I had to sing of the fucking song. Oh, is that, I'm like, for God's sake. Right. I'll pop round and ask if you'd like a cup of tea. I said, no, no, no, mum. You you, you don't pop round to your neighbor's house. Right. You can't do that in la. Security will take you away. I love that. Yeah. No, so, so by the way, you have a new show coming all out in which I'll completely watch called Gordon Ramsey's Secret Service. Right. When does that come out, by the way? Like, may. Yeah, Just when does it come Out? Maybe it's already out Secret Service. May 21st. Fuck.


So I should know that Rob's gonna kill Me. Okay. So it's already out by the time this comes. Yeah. By the time this comes, it's already out. Why do you think this is the, one of the dumbest questions, but I can't get enough of food shows. And why do you, what is the huge appeal? What is it that taps into people that are upset? Why are, why is everybody obsessed with watching how food gets made? Something we do three times a day, seven days a week at breakfast, lunch We eat. I know food is about so why would you wanna watch somebody do it? Like I I I think to make yourself feel better and everyone Wants to be better at it. Exactly. That. And also, I, I I think, you know, there's so much to learn about food. There's so much enjoyment to her to, to cooking and it's emotional. And so those emotions, as you know, run high and secret service is everything I've learned over the last 20 years working in the US from talented producers to great creators.


Is it is in this show? Yeah. Yeah. I can't wait to see it. It looks so good. I Can't cook. Can can you guys cook at all? No, I can't even boil water. No, no. I can't. I can make sloppy joe's. That's it. But, But is it a fa will, is it something that you, is it intimidating? No, It's one of those things every once in a while out of the blue, it'll occur to me like, I should learn how to cook. And then it goes outta my head and I don't think about it again. And I don't know what it is. No, Sean. No, it's just, it's, it's like I'm, I, I I'm not interested. I I'm, yeah. You know, I'll get, like in the winter, I'll get into baking and I'll bring these guys like over stuff like that. I make a lot of the times. And like, and then, and then once I get into the rhythm of like making cheesecakes and cookies and whatever it is, great cheesecake. I'm like, oh, it kind of, I kind of, I kind of see it, but it's the mess and then the cleaning up and The Yeah.


That's the thing that keeps me away from the ratio between the, the, the, the prep, the cook, the cleanup versus the eating and the enjoyment. It's such a small wedge of Yeah, yeah. You know, is the eating. I almost don't want to eat it after I make it. I know. It's just so much time to clean it up and to prep it. I, I should get into that. And I also love the fact that there's a, there's a roadmap, like a recipe book. Yeah. You can just, like, it's literally tells you step by step what you need to do to get that, what that looks great and it's gonna taste great. And you just, it it's dummy proof, but The fulfillment is immense. Yeah. Okay. When you, when you get over those bums and you see that thing on the plate, it's like, right. But I, but I will you do it with, With your kids or, Yeah, but I will say that, that I, I, the thing I do understand about what you do is when you do make something great and you serve it and somebody says that's the best blank or whatever I've ever had, there is like a ego boost that you're like, oh, I did that.


Like, that's, you know, that's a Great payoff. But you can be taught okay, all this bullshit about you have to be bought into it. You do, you have an educated palette and you know, do you have to be natural? Absolute bullshit. How do I go from a yes, yes, yes, yes. And So I am, I'm a little bit different to a lot of chefs. I teach my chefs to taste first before we learn to cook. Because if you don't understand how it tastes perfectly, you shouldn't be cooking it. Right. And too many chefs don't taste their food. And so we go through a little sort of series of blind taste tests where we'll have 5, 7, 9, 11 items on the plate and they cannot get to cook those items unless they understand the taste. So blindfold on Yeah. Teaspoon at a time. And describe the taste.


Describe the texture. Describe the perfect, I love that, you know, flavor. Do You hate doing the washing up? That's the other thing. Yeah. I mean, the kids always complain. I never do the washing up, but I said, well, come on guys. You want me to cook and wash up? Geez, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Growing up around mum, there was no such thing as dishwashers back then. You just got in and dug deep and, and, and washed up. But I'm a very smart and tidy worker. I don't make a mess. And so of course you are. I sort of clean down everywhere I go. A bit of OCD going on. So yeah. The kids are good at cleaning. Yeah. Alright. A couple, a couple rabbit fires here because I I know we gotta let you go. You love you're car fanatic. What car do you drive? What car do you wish you had? Depends where I am. Am It depends who I'm with.


Majority of the cars we have are all in this incredible hangar that we've just built. Oh my God. That's amazing. And I'm embarrassed about the collection I've been collecting for over 20 years. Oh, wow. And don't be the, the the the only way I I I really get to understand these cars is on the tracks. So three or four times a year we'll rent a track out. Wow. Truck them down there. I'd bring inmates from Silverstone, Silverstone and Thruxton are two big tracks. Thons the biggest track in the uk. Yeah. And what's your favorite one to drive? Oh, it's like saying who's the favorite kid? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I would say I still love that little subra at Martin DB four or the Ferrari SP three Monza extraordinary piece of kit. Here go. How many cars do you think you got? I think it's about 94.


Jesus. 94 cars. Good for you. Goza. That is really cool. That's really cool. I love that. So you hate pineapple on pizza. I do too. What is the other shit that you that you can't, what's another thing that you absolutely cannot stand Combined? Food advice. Fucking cold foams. Man. When I see foam, one of the, what's cold Foams foam. When, when chefs start aerating stuff and putting foam on a plate that's for your fucking chin. Shave with foam. Don't fucking eat it. Right. And, and, and, and that disgusting sticky in epd balsamic glaze. I love. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm with you. Yeah. I don't like it either.


It's Too sticky in, always hide that Shit. And one, and I think you already answered this, but the one food that you, if you had to live with one dish for the rest of your life, I think you, it would be a hamburger. It's probably is. Correct? No, it be eggs. It, it, it'd be hamburger all day long. Hamburg. Same. Wow. Same smashburger smash Burger With cheese? No. Oh, no, no, no, no. Just a beautiful smash burger. Don't, don't deter from the flavor of that piece. Lettuce and tomato. No, no, no, no. Oh, just the burger and the bread and there you go. Are Used to serious, nice. Really Milk Ketchup. Everyone puts lettuce and tomato. No. They put lettuce and tomato on there to make you feel fucking better as it is healthy. Right. Just salad all At once. We've become, we've become accustom. I, I like, I like yellow mustard. I've become a big proponent in the last five years of old school.


Plain yellow mustard. It's the best. It the best. It's so Good. It's The Best in New York. They don't sell it. You can't find it anywhere fresh. Everywhere. No. 'cause everything's Dijon or some sort of version Of like spicy whatever. Yeah. Anyways, talk about Spicy Gordon the best. This is wonderful. Yeah. Really it's an honor to meet, I've been such a fan for so long and I really have watched every episode. And I was just in the UK a couple months ago for a stretch, and I found, and I never knew it exists, kitchen nightmares. It was Ramsey's Kitchen nightmares before you came here to do it. And I was like, oh my God. It was a channel that had it on 24 7. I watched every episode of that. Oh shit. I just, I'm just, I love it. I love you. I just love everything you do. So I thank, thank you. Thanks for being On.


Congrats on SmartLess, by the way. Thank you. It's my 1 1 2 GoTo every week when we download and yeah. Very nice. Thank you guys. It's an honor to have you. Thanks man. So good to see you. Thank you so much. Thanks. Cheers Guys. Cheer. Thank you guys. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks, Sean. Thanks Will. Yeah. Bye-bye. Bye guys. Thank you Jason. Bye-bye. Bye buddy. He barely thanked you at the end there, JB did you hear that? Like, at the last he was like, oh yeah. Thanks Jason. Couldn't Remember the name. No, it's hard. It's a tough one. So he Oh. 'cause he was gonna say Justin like everybody else. Right? He was gonna say Thanks Justin. Justin, Justin. I got, I got one the other day. It had been a while. I'm so bummed because I, I, I'm such a, I'm really watch everything he does and I was so excited to bring him on and surprise you guys. And there's like, you're like, oh, hey, hey Gordon, what's going on?


I was like, I didn't know you knew Him. Saw Jason. I saw him Recently. Well, sorry, we're not like some crazy super cooking show fans. Yeah. Freak. No, I didn't know you knew. In fact, I've never seen one of his shows, but I I I will now. Yeah, I know. And I do enjoy a cooking show, but I have not seen one. I Know. They're so good. It's so good. It's so good. And he's, he's, He's, well, I mean, like, who's, like, he, he's, So I walked through the airport the other day and I saw this restaurant called Plain Food, P-L-A-N-E. I was like, oh, that's clever. It's, it's Gordon Ramsay. Yeah, there you go. And in a, in a, in an airport is In an airport of all places. He's got a Restaurant. I mean he's, Yeah, he's doing very well. You gotta do well to buy 93 cars. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's Insane.


90 May three. Did he say 90? 94? I think he said 94. Yeah. Did he say 93? 90? Yeah. I think he just bought one and bought another one. Golly. Good for him. You know. I know, I know. Yeah, he's great. I love him. I've, I'd love to go to his, where'd he say it wasn't Chelsea? Yeah, in Chelsea. Let's go, let's go. You know what, let's go see Shawnee's play. Yeah, yeah. And we'll go for dinner there. Let's do That. And then what about when you're in England doing That's what Yeah. No, I'm, no, no, it's, oh. Oh, it's Chelsea, New York. It's in in London, I think, isn't it? Oh, Oh, great. Okay. Yeah. Well, I mean it's, yeah. Yeah. It's, let's do it. Let's do that. And we'll get to and how Bradley's been there. Yeah. Okay. How about that end of story. Yeah, I mean, just like that he's held out on us that we didn't know.


I didn't know that he'd been to this Three three stars. Three Three Michelin star, Right. Yeah. We'll go to the restaurant. Yeah. We'll, we'll sit down. We'll have for while It's rare that he does a buildup, so let him know. I Know. I'm like letting him. We will, we'll sit down and we'll just have a nice quick bye. Yay. Bye bye. That was good. Thanks. That Was really good. Yeah. Smart, smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm.


JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart. Less


Top reasons. Advanced manufacturing Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career plus the energy of big time sports and after work Plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future at Call Ohio Home dot com.


At Strayer University, we help students like you go from, is it possible to anything is possible by offering access to up to 10 no-cost gen ed courses so you can reach your goals affordably and fast. Visit strayer.edu to learn more. No-cost. Gen eds provided by Strayer University affiliate, Sophia Eligibility rules apply. Connect with that for details. Strayer University is certified to operate in Virginia by Chev and as many campuses, including at 2121 15th Street North in Arlington, Virginia.