
Hey guys. So Scotty And, I have a little apartment here in New York City, and we needed to order furniture and We did. And it took absolutely forever. It was so frustrating. Can you guys relate to that? Well, meet all modern, all modern brings you the best of modern furniture and they deliver it for free in days, not weeks. Yeah, that's right. They deliver it in days. Waiting weeks for your order to arrive isn't ideal, especially when you just moved. Get your sofa, ASAP from all modern and sit comfortably while building out the rest of your space. That's modern made. Simple at all. Modern. You'll find only the best of modern styles. From Scandy to mid-century minimalist to Maximalist. Every piece is hand vetted for quality and designed for real life. Shop the best of modern outdoor furniture, timeless decor and everything in between. Find timeless designs in every style that fold function and fun all in one. From small decor swaps to full room revamps, all modern has you covered. Shop online@allmodern.com or visit them in store at Linfield and Deta, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.


Deets and Watson has been handcrafting meats and cheeses for over 80 years. They never cut corners ever. They cook their meat, they don't process it diets. And Watson is transparent about what goes into their food and what doesn't. They do things the right way. Even if it's the hard way, they're going on their fourth generation of upholding that philosophy because that's how they've always done it. Diets and Watson, it's a family thing. Since 1939. Visit diets and watson.com/the right way to learn more about the diets and Watson difference.


Sky's quite a day. Quite A day. A day. Quite a Day. I'm excited. I woke up because I woke up really excited today. I I know you even woke. Woke up. I went through audio security. That was really surprising. What is that like? Intrusive I was doing twist Well, it was a lot of ear probing. Yeah. So all the waxes out of my, out of my both ears, right. Finally. Yeah. Okay. I was testing my connection. Testing my connection testing. So, Yeah. But I feel like there's something really special coming. Well, it sounds like you guys are really cleaned up for today. Yeah. Yeah. What about you, Sean? Did you do anything? No. I was just, I got up early because I was nervous about today. Well, you good right. To be. It's, it's, it's a big big day for us because of our listeners.


Because we or we're a place that really important folks like the Tim Wal campaign think that this might be a worthy stop. Yeah. So thank you to you listeners. You guys made this happen and we are really excited to talk to our next guest. So get ready. We also wanna say, I know that a lot of people, you know, come and listen to SmartLess. 'cause it's a great place to kind of get away from all the noise and stuff. But we Think and giggle and snatch. Yeah. But JB you were talking like this is also a really good time to remind people that they need to Yeah. The the, they don't need to vote, but they should vote. They could vote. Yeah. We happen to have our own opinions that become pretty, you know, apparent and evident. Just 'cause we're on the side of common sense, but just vote.


A lot of people vote. Just do it hurt or killed or whatever. Trying to secure that Right. For all of us. Yep. Let's just go use it. We only get to do it once every, you know, Few years. Few years. And And I. Think you're right. And, and, and, and again, it can't be said enough, which is, even if you, if you don't agree with us, that's okay. But still get out and vote. It's still important. We all have that. Right. And And I, respect your right to do it. And, and you should respect mine. Did Jay, when you said common sense, do you think I have a lot of common sense? It's an all new SmartLess. Smart. Smart Bless.


smart Bless. By the way, dinner was really good last night. It was good. Was it? Yeah, it was really good. What we, What'd we have? Oh, I know what we had. We burgers, right? Burgers. Yeah. Good burgers. And did you Bring a dessert Sean? I Brought a ton of dessert. You did? Did You really? Listen, I'm not even kidding. I brought brownies, rice, krispy treats. Banana muffins. I'm sorry, I just wanna stop and say 'cause So you brought, I thought for you, rice Krispy cakes were for breakfast. It's breakfast That was a Breakfast. Well, this is true. Well, that's the great thing about them. You can eat them anytime of the day. That is The great thing about them. You're Right. Thank you. Yeah. And then Will, did you, will you tried each one of those things? He said I did not have that. No. How about That? He's pretty disciplined about the no sugar Right now. Yeah.


And then I told you will, by the time I get home, I will have a bowl of ice cream. And I did Oh my God and I said to Sean, we were talking about sleep. I, you know, which has been over theme for us. And I. He was talking about his poor sleep hygiene and, and, and waking up or not being able to go to bed. And I said, you're having, what are you having at night? He goes, nothing. I'll, this'll be it, this will be my meal. And I go. And when I get home, And I mean I might have some ice cream. I go, well, there it's, Anyway, let's get to our guest. Oh. Yeah. Who, whose guest is this? I've not heard fellow. It's our, it's America's guest. It's America's Guest America. There are only a few times, probably less than five, I don't know, on this show, this thing that we do where the guest, all three of us know who the guest is because they're a big freaking deal. And today is one of those shows. And, I speak for all three of us.


When I say that this is a huge honor to have him come speak with us for a bit. He's many things, all of which will get into shortly from the Army National Guard to teacher, to congressman to governor, to so many other things. But to me, he's the quintessential All-American dad. I never had. Oh, and he's also a coach. Something else I could probably use in my life. Currently running to be the next vice president of the United States of America. Please welcome Tim Walls. There he is. Yeah. Hi Tim. Hello there. Well, hang on. Well, what, what, what, how, how do you like to be addressed? Just Tim? I just Tim. Just Tim. Yeah. I stick To that. God, I love you so much. I I will say this though, we We did a trade mission to London and the, you know, the hello governor stuff.


I just, just lived on it for the entire entire weeks. Hello? Governor. Governor. And it wasn't ironic. It was like real. I know. That's, that's hysterical. It was better. Yeah. No, Tim is great. Tim, I want to get, because I saw Will last night, Jay, we missed you. You were at the Dodgers game. I know, I know. I did miss you. I'm sorry. That's okay. I I should have skipped the Dodger game. They got waxed. No, but we were talking about sleep. We always, I always talk about sleep with these guys because I've always had trouble. And then I'm like, you got thrown into this campaign. I can't, obviously late to hear where this is going. No, I wanna know. It's a very dumb Sean SmartLess question. Is your sleep hygiene? Like, you go 20, it seems like you go 24 hours a day just going for this and this, this you have to do all you To do.


Sean's worried, Tim, that you're not getting enough sleep. That's What I'm worried about. That's my question. Where, When did the naps happen? How do you, how do you get where the energy comes from in all that Man? Well, you know, the good thing is, is, you know, old men need less sleep or whatever. I guess. Look, I don't, I do not sleep that much. It's, yeah, I've been using this saying, you know, it's kinda my catch thing. And I said, you know, we'll sleep when we're dead. And I had a woman come up to me and goes, you're taking this too, literally. You look like hell man, sleep. She meant it well, but yeah, no, I'm trying, I'm Always, I'm always fascinated about that by schedule. Like you're just, the schedule's full all day every day. It's amazing. Yeah, no, well, it's a privilege to do it. But you're right. My, my daughter keeps me on this. She got one of these rings, you know, monitor your sleep, whatever. She thinks I need one of those. But I, I think that will just tell me what I already know.


I'm not getting any sleep. That's all it'll say. Tim, let me just, Tim, let me just say this as somebody, I've, I haven't done the ring, but I've done the Apple Watch thing, whatever. Yeah. And let me, And I will say the great Apple. Watch it. Sorry. The great Apple watch. Jason wants a free Apple watch. No, it's just, they're listening. Oh, don't worry. He already got it. I said. I Think it's really good stuff. I think these Apple folks are onto something. It's great work Tim. Tim, by the way, we are, we, we should be called not smartly. We should be called Shameless. And if there's any product out there, you've got your eye on it, just mention it and we'll have them send it. That New 16 Pro guys, it's really working. So, so, but I was gonna say about that. Watch those sleep tracking things. I got into it for a while.


And, I, think your daughter's right? Because you go like, okay, well where can I, but then at the end of the day, you, what ends up happening is you start feeling bad. So I wake up And, I go, I think I did okay. And then I'm like, Oh, my God, I only got three, three hours of REM and then I got Sleep. Panic. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's, it, it is just the thing I, I think seeing the one thing about this is, is there, there is an end state, if you will, on November 5th. Right? So you just kind of put your mind into it and say, look, this, there will be a time when this ends. Yeah. Oh really? That's probably not true. You think things Get calm after the fifth? No, I don't. I don't. But I, it's the trick. I play myself. Yeah. Team is good. I, I'm surprisingly, and you wouldn't know it by looking at me.


I'm a, I'm a pretty dedicated runner. I run about five times a week. Oh, That's great. How far do you go? I go a 5K usually between three and five miles. And I'm like, for an old guy, I'm kind of freakishly fast, you know, nine, nine minute miles a little less or whatever, which is Wow. And you know, people are like, Oh my God. That's a world record for a man your age. Well now, But now Tim. Tim now you can't. Well, as governor you had security detail. Were you running with or were you on a treadmill? I do a treadmill quite a bit at the time. But, you have to get outside and my team knows. So like, wherever we're anywhere, and actually, you know, here a while back after we finished that debate, the next morning I got to run in Central Park and it was Oh Nice.


Oh, That's great. We ran that reservoir route. Oh. yeah. Yeah. And of course it's just stunning. And I'm still truly, you know, the small town guy enough. I have not spent much time in New York. It just blows me away when I'm there. Yeah. It's nice. Incredible. And that morning, you know, so many great people. It was, you know, kind of good for the good for the psyche. Oh, good job governor. You know, and I'm like, oh, thank goodness. And, and they're of course super surprised. I'm running too. So it was like a double positive. So I like the idea of you running in Central Park, looking around and really, because you haven't been there a lot, taking it in twirling around. Not unlike Mary Tyler Leor did in Minneapolis. And then That is surprisingly close to how it was. I think we'll make it after all.


Now. Now Tim, when you're running, are you, do you have, do you have like AirPods in, are you listening to music? Are you listening to Rarely. Sometimes. I'm kind of zen on that. I got into it, you know, and then I got into the Garmin watch and then I got in on the timing and you know how fast My Mile for Oh, looking for free of you now? Yeah. But I, I kind of let that go. And I. I kinda, you know, run by feel. Yeah. Trying to get into it. And, I do think there's something. And especially like when I'm in Minneapolis, you know, I got a state trooper, but just, it's pretty calm. They're running behind or whatever. Right. Folks who run, leave their, I'm convinced of this dog folks and runners, they leave politics out of it 'cause they know it's your time. So it's really refreshing that people talk to you like a runner.


Not like you're the governor or something. So like, hey, you know, looking good or whatever. Yeah. Do you have a favorite subject that you do like to talk about that is not politics? Like are you a sport? I know you're a sports guy, but like, do you love talking about the Vikings or the Corn Huskers or whatever it is? Or, or, or, or reality television or what, what, what, what do you like to talk about? This kind of nice and silly? Yeah. And. I. I think cars, I grew up at a time, you guys were a little younger than me. This whole car thing. I, we were much more into it. You know, the Pixar movie. I remember. I'm kidding. I apologize for him. So, so, but I just think like, classic cars. I've never really owned that many But. you know, the cars you have, I watched the cars I used to own, you know, I I grew up in high school and had a beautiful Camaro, you know, at the time.


And then I traded it for a Honda Civic. And now you watch these auction shows and I'm like, damnit, that car's worth $80,000 Now And I traded it for a Honda Civic. Worth two grand. Exactly. I had, my mom gave me this, like, I, I kicked and screamed in high school. I'm like, please, can I just have a car? She brought me like a $200 car, had like rushed all over it. And my friend Reyna, you know Reyna Oh? yeah. These guys know Reyna. She called it Grease Lightning. And she's like, you taking Grease Lightning to school today? Boy. Now what about, are you, are you really into the sound of a, of a combustion engine? Or are you, are you in into the sound, The electric engine, The clean power of an of electric Look. Whole spectrum.


The whole spectrum of this. I I was in I was in Phoenix for, it was a governor's event or whatever, and there's folks there displaying their wares and the Yeah, the Lucid folks were there. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. With their Fastest production car ever. You put any Lamborghini out there, this thing. And really it was like inside a spaceship. Oh, this thing's like 1.8 seconds in the quarter. I mean, it's zero to 60. It's, it's unbelievable. Yeah. And it's like a whole new world. And And I have never yet owned a fully electric, but they are, they're fascinating. So yeah, they're, I'm So excited that, that every single car brand now has a fully electric car. And And, I don't want to throw undue shade towards Mr.


Musk. But I gotta tell you, his politics is, I, I got rid of my Tesla. I feel like I'm driving around a Trump sticker with that car. So it's gone. And, I Amm now enjoying, You mean the Crip I call it the crypto truck. Yeah. It's just, well, Here's my thing. This is for me. And I said my thing, my prize possession is that I've had it for a long time. I got a 79 international harvester. You know, they used to give these things away. A scout is like a scout Scout too. There you look, you guys hear that. It's easy on this thing. So, but yeah, these things are, you used to get it, if you bought a tractor, they threw in the scout for you? No, on original SUV. Yeah, there was a, you know, back in the late seventies, so mine was right before they went out of business, it was 1979.


They now Wonder they went out of business, they're going their, they were the Precursors of, of SUVs. But here's the deal, 40 years ago, at the end of October is when they closed, they were made in Fort Wayne, Indiana. So on that date this year, they're announcing the New Scout bringing it back fully electric. Come on. So, no kidding. Yeah. So an international harvester's got that famous name named Dave is back. Yeah, Volkswagen bought it. And so they're, they're launching that thing. So I'm Wow. That that's the stuff I talk about. And yeah, it's the car stuff. 'cause it's such, you, you Gotta go do Dax Dax Shepherd's podcast. 'cause know he'll talk you, he'll talk to you for three days about cars. I Love these guys. And, I, the guys who are so smart. Tell me how to do it.


Look, I'm, I am tinker on the edges. These are guys that can, you know, replace a transmission stuff. Yeah, I love that. I said, when I get done with this, I'm gonna go back to like community college and learn like body work. You know, just a sense of accomplishment that you can fix your own vehicle. Yeah. You can put on a new quarter panel. You can paint it. Wow. Give Anything Sean You took body work in high school, right? Like a lot of reiki and stuff like that. If you broke down on the side of the road, are you one of those guys that can, that can just pop the hood and look under there and, and, and kinda look around and see like Yeah. Oh, there's the problem. Yeah. Some of it, some of it I can't. Wow. But look on these new ones, I, I don't even know how to open the hood. I know. I will say that I sound like these, I'm the old guy, these newfangled, but the, the cars that you used to be able to do my kids, it would blow their mind.


Like some of this stuff we could fix, like my, my vehicle's overheat and I said, oh, it's the thermostat. And you'd show 'em how to take it out, put it in boiling water, pop the thermostat. I was gonna say, kids don't know that stuff anymore. They don't. And there's some, Jason has his, he calls his agent if he gets a flat tire. Yeah. So, so I mean, and that's the truth, Tim, you need to, to know the truth about this guy. But I mean, the Hollywood elitist, liberal elitist, but, But I'm on the corner of stunt. But honestly, if me, like, if, if my car starts to go, I'm pulling over and I'm like, I don't, I don't know What's going on. Yeah. I have no idea. Yeah, same. It makes you feel powerless. I said, I think showing my kids some of these things that you can try and repair I like doing Now. Look, we all know that's also very, very dangerous because I don't know, sometimes And I start taking stuff apart and then you're like, well, here's six extra screws and there's no idea where they're going.


There's a bit of that with me. So, yeah, For sure. Now speaking of your kids, which one of them, or you or your wife gets most pissed off when somebody calls you waltz instead of walls? Yeah. Yeah. My daughter probably. Yeah. It's a whole new, it's a whole new wave of it now, right? Yeah. Like what, what, what are people's problems? Walls? Yeah. There's no tea. Yeah, There's no tea. It seems pretty easy that Yeah. But, you know, in all fairness, I'm, I'm, I've probably, when, you know, when we immigrated from from Germany, they, they probably dropped the T and Yeah. Well this is the last wave of it. Like, you, you cannot get more famous than you are now. So everyone in South finally got it.


I get, Yes. Tell me what that, I know this is like a stock answer, but I really wanna know what that feeling was like in the reaction when you got the call from Kamala. I mean, That was so wild. Well, you know the story in typical me fashion, I missed the first one. Sure. Oh, You did? Well, it was, I thought it was like, you know, a car warranty call coming in. So I didn't take it. And truly no one knew like this was her decision. And that Tuesday morning no one knew. And then I got another call and said, pick up your damn phone, Oh. yeah. And then call back your Warranty may be expiring. It was, It was, it was overwhelming. It was incredible privilege. But I, I heard you guys talking And I listened to the, the Ted Danon, Woody Harrelson piece about, you know, imposter syndrome Oh.


yeah. Just trust me when, when the vice president of the United States calls you and said, you're on the ticket with me. Yeah. It sinks in. Pretty cool. Yeah. Fast, fast. Yeah. Have, have you, have you allowed yourself to, to, to really imagine and, and, and start to build like a possible wishlist of things that you would like to be given the reigns to when you guys win? Well, this is one And. I. I think it's just your mental health of compartmentalizing things still focused on, you know, the, this final stretch that's ahead of us still thinking about that. I trust the vice president will make her decision on that. You know, I said I wasn't interviewing for a job when I talked to her. I said, use my skill sets. If you need to plunk me in Omaha in one vote, send me there.


Just what it would help And I think she, and it, it, it feels really right to me. She talks about, you know, a kid from Oakland, a kid from Nebraska, middle class kids. Yeah. Kind of complimentary things. We've lived different lives, but we have the same values. I would assume she would know, you know, and my passion is, is kids and teaching. Yeah. And, and education and yeah, that's it. We'll be right back.


So if you're anything like me on my laptop, on my desktop, on my laptop, just full of open windows and like icons and stuff like that, and it gets really, really messy and it's hard to focus sometimes And I need to get a little bit more organized because my time, like your time I'm guessing and expertise are valuable. And with professionals spending nearly half the work week on written communication focus is one of the most important things to have at work. With Grammarly as your AI writing partner, you can stay focused and get through your work faster with relevant realtime suggestions. Wherever you write. It's awesome. Grammarly helps with any writing from brainstorming to sounding more confident and persuasive at work. 90% of professionals say Grammarly has saved them time writing and editing their work. And four out of five professionals say Grammarly helps them gain buy-in and action through their communication experience the gold standard of responsible AI with Grammarly for 15 years. Grammarly has helped professionals do more with their writing. You can trust that your data is secure and never sold. So I've used it because, look, this is called SmartLess. But Grammarly helps us be a tiny bit smarter because when I'm writing something, I'll use it to think of a smarter word that I'm not thinking of or can't think of. And just like that, voila, I'm like, I sound smarter than I am. Get more done with Grammarly. Download Grammarly for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's grammarly.com/podcast.


If you're a real super fan of this podcast, you probably already know there's some awesome SmartLess merch at the Sirius XM online store. But, you might not know that the SiriusXM online store is powered by Shopify. We're grateful. Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you. Our listeners, Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats and coffee mugs, shameless plugs, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system. Shopify has got you covered. Plus sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All star. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash SmartLess now to grow your business no matter what stage you are in.


You know, a lot of people think Will has the deepest voice in the world, but what about me? Having a very deep voice can also be helpful for getting hired for advertising campaigns. But a deep voice doesn't sell B2B and advertising on the wrong platform doesn't sell B2B either. That's why if you're a B2B marketer, you should use LinkedIn ads. I always go to LinkedIn because I like to find out about people's backgrounds. LinkedIn has the targeting capabilities to help you reach the world's largest professional audience. That's right over 130 million decision makers all in one place. All the big wigs and medium wigs, and also some small wigs who are on the path to becoming big wigs. But I'm done talking about wigs. LinkedIn ads allow you to focus on getting your B2B message to the right people. So does that mean you should use ads on LinkedIn instead of hiring the man with the deepest voice in the world? Yes. Yes, it does. Get started today and see why LinkedIn is the place to be, to be. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash smartlist to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash smartlist. Terms and conditions apply.


And now back to the show. We were just talking with somebody recently about this idea of like getting nervous when you're putting in a, in a position like this and, and getting a call from the vice president saying, Hey, you're on the ticket m makes you, probably makes you feel nervous, but I wonder if when something like this happens, it's, it's almost like a thing that you can't even dream about. At least certainly I could it So it's almost like you can't get even nervous because it's so far beyond what you That's great. I can get nervous about things that I think about doing. Yeah. But if somebody comes that's new. No, that's a great, that's a great analogy. I mean, think of that day. This was a Tuesday morning. We got the call. Within 20 minutes my life changed.


Like, you know, I said, I'm minding my own damn business at home. And all of a sudden it blows up. It Should be noted. It should be noted. Tim I did turn it down. I was the first call and then Tim, the Second call, I'm just, So Why would you say we're being honest? But they Sweep in, you've got all this folks around you, they pack your clothes for you and tell you you go in and get on a private plane, which is, I've never flown on a private plane to this. So they fly you to Philadelphia, Jason. That's funny. 'cause they, Jason's never not. Yeah, I wish I was waiting for it. Well, they take you to Philadelphia. And then I also, And I told them when they were interviewing me, I said, look, I've never given a speech off a teleprompter. I speak and it look it, it has its problems. And I told 'em that. No kidding. You'll get about 90% good and then you'll get 10% stuff you'll have to clean up.


That's me. 'cause that's how I talk. Yeah. But they sent me there, they put me in the back of a college locker room and they had mocked up the stage. I was going to go on in about an hour and put the speech on the teleprompter. And so I practice it a little bit and then I'm standing at that door in Philadelphia, Oh my God like 12, 15,000 people waiting to see the vice president of this announcement. Yeah. She and her standing out on the curtain and she's like, you know, well get this right. And so it opened up and that, and that's what it was. Yeah. But no, it was just, you're right. I think your analysis is right. It was just too big to get nervous about it. Yeah. I didn't have time to think about it. Well, you, You didn't seem when you came out was, he was so terrific and it felt like, oh God, here we go.


Oh. yeah. It honestly, Tim, it really felt like, here we go. We are entering into a new age. And, and thank God Tim, Tim is the guy and Tim is here and there are a lot of other great candidates for sure. And that authenticity and that genuine joy and happiness Yeah. And privilege that yeah. That you must be feeling it, it comes through and it's just so damn refreshing. I, was it hard for you to maintain that down to earth personality, which you clearly have when you got into politics where, where most of your fellow politicians either have to be or have learned to be overly polished and, and and Yeah.


And slick Was it, is it, is it disheartening for you to be around so many colleagues that are like that? It's just, you're so refreshing. Yeah. Well, it's a different approach. And, I always say this that I, I never, and honest to God, I never thought about running for office. Wow. I have a whole life before this teaching National Guard in my community and things like that. But I think my life prepared me well. And so I approach like that. You look, you have got to be pretty self-aware and pretty humble to teach high school for a lot of years. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 'cause but it's also so gratifying. And I. Think one of the things is is is that I'm super sensitive to this idea. These are servant leadership positions. This isn't a special thing that you've been granted.


Your job is to work for people. And I try and approach it. Like I was hired to teach kids in school. So I need to do my best job. You know that. I, I love that. And I've been hired to be a representative. And I. I took great pride that I was very bipartisan. I, you know, this idea that we can't figure things out. My staff, we always had a saying that, you know, if the facts dispute our ideology, we change our ideology. It's that simple. You're not married to it. So a lot of times I don't have a ideological dog in a fight. It's just what the facts show And I think trying to approach these things like problem solving. You're working with people, you're trying to do your best. I'll be the first to admit it has been really challenging with Donald Trump. Yeah. You know, this, I, I won a congressional race in 2016.


Donald Trump won my district by double digits nearly 20%. Wow. So, so thousands of people voted for Donald Trump and me on that. Yeah. That was only a few years ago. Now would that be true today? Probably not. They've continued to. But I think trying to focus on what the job is, that it's a humbleness and it's not your whole identity. I watched these folks try and hang on to these jobs and things like that. Yeah. Like it's everything. If the folks don't want me to do it, they won't do it. But I'm telling you, here's what we can do. Yeah. You know, Tim, Tim, you know, first of all, I hope I, and congrats And I And I. I really do hope that your run as you, as you say you were, you were a high school teacher and a, and a coach and you, you had no sort of political aspirations. I hope that you deciding to do it inspires other people like you Yeah.


Who are leaders in their community Yeah. And who aren't looking to, to enrich themselves, who aren't looking for anything other than to serve. I hope that inspires other people to do what you've done. 'cause that's what we Need. I meet hundreds every day. Who should, they won't. They won't though because of the money and because of what they're afraid will happen if they get into it. And because I was Like social Media and, and their lives will get upended and all that and security. Yeah. We were speaking of the, the overwhelming thing on this back during that debate, you know, they, they drove me through Times Square to see my picture up on those big screens. And so if somebody said, you look nervous. No kidding. I'm sitting there freaking out on this thing. But I'm, I'm honest to God, before things went live, I'm standing there and I'm like, there's 345 million people in this country and it's me and this dude that is just not right.


Yeah. And it's, it's, it's true. I mean, it's kind of overwhelming. But that kind of got rid of my imposter syndrome and said, look, I know that I know what's right. I know who I am. I'm right. You just go back to your Values and Yes. And, and you, if you lead from That, so Will's point is this that I do hope people do this. Yeah. I do hope they get out there because we need them. We need good people. Yeah. Well, well, so I was gonna say, and then, and then you, you know, what do you think it was when you talk about having a, you know, a guy like Donald Trump getting double digits in your district. What do you think it was that allowed people to convince themselves that, that he would be, you know, when I see that the, you know, these top unions are deciding like, well, we, we don't know if we can endorse an actual candidate this year because they're worried about their membership union, union member.


Imagine this union members who wanna support Donald Trump. The guy who wants to do nothing but who, who who has nothing but disregard for them. Yeah. It's Staggering. And I'm sure I could get a million comments back on this. Somebody on one of our social pages, people would say, Hey, f you Annette, you don't know what you're talking about. You've never, first of all, I have had lots of real jobs. So I I say right back at you. But, but also, you know, this is a guy who doesn't have any regard for the American family. Yeah. Doesn't have any regard for hardworking people. Doesn't have any regard, would, would bust a union as as quicker than, you know, than, than you can imagine.


So what is it about that that they've been able to fool? Well, these people. It, yeah. And, and rank and file union members One thing. Look, the leadership in unions, that's more political than what I'm doing. Right. They're co they have to cover their butt on, on their things. And I'm as frustrated as you are on this will, but the one thing I do think about, you wonder what happened. The first thing I think of, there's not something wrong with my constituents there. These are good people trying to go to work and do things. And like the New York Times sends somebody out every few weeks to interview a guy at a bar and figure out what happened to rural America. These are my family. I've, I've lived there. I do think one of the things, I always said this as a teacher, if I would give an exam or something and a majority of students would not do well, probably had a little something to do with me in there.


Was I not getting it across. And so I think some of it is, is how we've messaged this. I don't, you know, I don't think that's the full blame on it. Certainly Donald Trump is a master of, of manipulation, A master of what new media looked like. But I do think there's some ways as what are we not doing to appeal to those rank? Look, I'm a union member. I think, you know, that's, that's what I did. And I get a lot of union support. But I know there's some rank and file members. And so they're not monolithic. It's not their only issue. Right. But I say this And, I'm, I'm kind of with you on this. Will, the rest of it is, is you don't have to worry about all the rest of that stuff if you're not in a union. 'cause you're not gonna get paid as well. You're not gonna have a pension, you may not have healthcare. You better focus on the things that matter. Stay in your lane.


And so they've done a good job of distracting on things that are Yeah. The cultural war stuff rather than the bread and butter. Right. Right. Well, you know, it's, it seems like if, if, if, if those folks were slightly more sort of curious or discerning when it comes to news, information, facts, maybe they wouldn't make that decision and maybe they would be more prone to vote for you guys instead of him. Can, can you as a teacher attract that back? Or, or, or attribute that to something that we're not doing right in schools? Oh, to to sort of, and, and, yeah.


You know, it's a good point because I just feel like it, it's just common sense to me. It seems like there's a clear choice for everyone in this country. If you just wanna take just preserving democracy alone, who to vote for. But all these, these smaller issues, it does seem like pretty easy if you just look a little bit further than, you know, Fox News or whatever. You, you would see, oh, all the facts are on the side of going this direction instead of that direction. And, and maybe does, does it start at schools? Well, this may be, but this is where I think Vice President Harris is focusing really rightly. This, this idea of middle class doesn't sound like anything so groundbreaking, but this idea of housing and down payment assistance, this idea of cost.


Now, this idea of child tax credit, because the one thing I will say, Jason on this is, is that these guys on the other side have created an economy, which many of the people you're talking about are busting their ass just to get by. They don't have time to spend a lot on this. They're trying to figure out how to afford childcare. They're trying to figure out how to, to make things work. They see inflationary prices go up and we may say, look, inflation is higher everywhere else in the world. They don't care about that. Right. 'cause that's impacting with them. They hear a guy, like JD van say, egg prices went up. Yeah. Because a bird flu, they don't care about bird flu. They just know egg prices went up. Yeah. So I do think there's a part, certainly discerning on media is something my wife used to teach a course on modern media language and logic, trying to think through that.


But I think part of it is these guys have, as we were saying on this, they've, they've shifted wealth to the point where the wealth gap is, is staggering When you see it in a, when you see it in a graphic, people can't believe how truly poor, bad it is. And what's stuck on that is a whole bunch of people trying to get through their lives. And Donald Trump has told them, you know, where to put the blame rather than that. So I think The gap, the gap, the wealth gap. Correct. The wealth gap has never been, has never been bigger and never And I remember saying this 10, 20 years ago, how that gap was whining. What, and now we're at this place and if, if people think for one minute that Donald Trump and JD Vance are give two craps about the middle class.


They're looking to do tax cut to the richest Americans Yes. To these billionaires to give tax cuts to those when the people who need the tax cuts are the people right in the middle who drive this country, who have, who have Right. Made this country what it is. Right. When you do that, Minnesota's listed as, you know, the Republicans always say it's a high tax data. We're, we're home to many Fortune 500 companies. High concentration. But we have what's rated as the fares tax customer. It's a progressive tax system. If you don't make as much, you don't pay as much. If you make more, you pay more. Look what ends up happening. That yeah. Top five business state, top three place to raise kids. Top place for healthcare. That's amazing. Longest longevity. Look, we're not perfect mean, and it's cold as hell here in the winter. So there's, there's things that happen. But, But I thought, I thought you controlled the weather according to Marjorie Taylor Greene.


Yeah. If We did, it would not be 40 below up here. But, but you're right. This, this idea of making the case to people that, that this works and look, this isn't class, you know, they said, you know, you're engaging in class warfare. They already won the war almost on that. Right. The guys on the other side. Yeah. But this is about sense of fairness and it, it's, it's stunning to me that I thought one of the, you know, my killer lines in this, that would, the middle class would say, do you think it's fair Donald Trump doesn't pay tax? Yeah. That doesn't seem fair. And a lot of people are like, well, he's successful. He knows how to work the system. That's disappointing to me. Work the system. I, I imagine if, if put it this way, if my dad gave me $400 million, I'd be a hell of a lot richer than Donald Trump is. I Guarantee you would Absolutely.


But you could Have put it in a CD percent, so Not touch it. How, what, what do you think would be the, the, the, the best way or easiest way to, to penetrate that, that that bubble that they all seem to be firmly inside of as far as giving them the, the information that, you know, they, they need and, and could sway their vote. Like do you literally have to go to town hall meetings and some of these deep red districts? Does it mean being on Fox News a little bit more often? Like how do you, how do you get to them? Yeah, I think that's right. You know, we have folks as Pete Buttigieg goes on Fox News quite a bit. He's one of our best. You've been on folks, people Yeah. And go on and, and just talk to folks because I, I don't think we can assume that, that all of 'em are not there.


Like the vice president making that case, getting out there, going to place. They, you know, we're going into some of these pretty red areas. And I, I, this is another one of the vice president's things that I think when they feel this and people can see it. We're getting off a bus tour in rural Pennsylvania, and one side of the street has our supporters and the other side of the street's not I said, they always make it easy for us. They're all in the same hat. So we can see, and we know who they were, right. But she didn't blank and it wasn't performance art. The only people, there were her husband and my wife And I. And, and she said, Tim, don't ever forget, we worked just as hard for folks on this side of the street is on the other side of the street. You start to see some of the results of that. And we're seeing it in Minnesota. It's pretty hard. Like the vice president's advocating for this child tax credit, we implement it on the state level, lowers childhood poverty.


Some of this stuff starts to make sense. And you have to, I'm a school teacher, so I talk Maslow's hierarchy. You know, you can't get to self-actualization about things if people are worried about their safety and their hunger and things like that. Right. Show people that these policies help make them more money. People are willing to tackle climate change if their lights come on and their bills don't go up. They don't care where the power comes from. In fact, most people would rather see it come from renewables. But I don't, I think sometimes we say, well, why can't you see we have to save the planet on this? How about we just create a whole bunch of new union jobs like they did with this proposal. Yeah. A whole bunch of opportunities. Yeah. That's so great. And, and, you know, great idea. It's interesting, you know, one, one of the things that I noticed about what you and and Vice President Harris is that you, the way that you guys talk that, that, that sort of antidote you, you gave about the vice president talking about we work for all Americans.


There is that sense on that, that that a lot of the people who, who, who vote Republican talk about red, blue, blah, blah, blah. You guys don't talk as much about that. You guys talk about all Americans that divisiveness Because Yeah. You have to. Right? I mean, we're all here. We all live here. We all, you know that And I like And I think secretly, we all want to get along. Of course, of course we do. I think, I think we all really want to Like human survival. Yeah. Yeah. I mean there, there is a sort of a fun kind of this team that team sort of, I mean, just speaking to you as a coach, and I'm a big sports fan too. Like there's, there's a lot of fun being on one side versus the other. And you kind of watch the, the, the, the scoreboard and then like, you know, the standings throughout the year.


Like, but the, the people are bringing this now into politics is is is literally dangerous at this point. And so, like, if they could just get a little bit more into their local team and stop being so sort of tribal and competitive and just think about this unity a little bit more. Yeah. I'll tell you Jason, as a, I'm a geographer by training. I love maps except one, whoever built the red blue map did more damage than you would ever imagine. Yeah. Because you look at that map and you look at South Dakota and say, oh, south Dakota's all red or whatever. That's not true. No, that is not true. There's a mix. Yeah. Or, or even you look at an urban area and say, well, that's that blue. Everybody in there, that's not true either. Right. And they created this false mindset for us.


It's very visual. It's a, yeah. It's a good note for the newscasters. They should, instead of having that big map during election time, they should literally split each, each state into blue and register and then show the percentages rather than color at one color. I just, I just wanna go on the record as saying just outta deference to you, Tim, in what you're doing in the office that you're seeking. That I have withheld a really good joke because it was a really poor taste. We'll get it in the wrap up. This will, well we gotta get it now. I'll do it in the wrap up. But I'll just, I just wanted you to know that that's how much respect I have for you. Is It about me? Yes, of course. But, but, but it could be, but I could also make it about Jason too. I could, I could. There's Plenty there. Yeah, There's, there's plenty.


We'll be right back.


This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. For the first time in 50 years, McDonald's is unveiling a new Big Mac. The chicken, big Mac. What, what B Two chicken patties, lettuce, cheese and pickles go together for a limited time, along with the Big Mac burger's, famous sauce and three buns. I liked two buns, but I love three buns. You may be thinking, wait, is it a Big Mac? If it's chicken guys, it's a chicken. Big Mac, the chicken Big Mac. It's not, not a Big Mac. Get it while you can at participating McDonald's for a limited time,


Guys, if there's one thing I get really excited about, it's PHAs Champions League Barcelona host Byron in the PHA Champions League. Wednesday, October 23rd at 3:00 PM Eastern. This is one match you won't wanna miss streaming exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Being in control of your health means being super mindful of what you put in your body. From food to supplements. Everyone's always trying to find the best option out there, which is why you've gotta check out these supplements from Thorn. Whether it's their B complex, creatine, magnesium, bi glycinate, or vitamin D 5,000 thorn's. Got all the supplements you need to help promote and maintain your individual health goals. With thorn's, daily Greens plus your morning is energized with 28 powerhouse ingredients that promote physical endurance, cognitive performance and energy production for glowing skin, healthy hair and wrinkle reduction. Go with the collagen plus and the magnesium bis glycinate for restful sleep and muscle relaxation. All three of these things, they're just, they're incredible. If you could see my skin glowing right now, listener or my healthy hair luxuriating down over my shoulders, give your body what it really needs with Thorn, start your health and wellness journey today@thorn.com. That's T-H-O-R-N e.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


And now back to the show. You know, I I, for me, the, one of the issues that I want to get to, and sorry if this is, seems very abrupt, but I, I think the issue for me that needs to be taken head on and we need to talk about And I can't believe that there's any debate in talking about it. Be considering this, it's 2024 is women's healthcare. Yep. Yeah. And for Absolutely me, for me it is number one this year women's healthcare. And, and, and we, the fact that it's even up for a debate is absolutely ridiculous. I couldn't agree more. And. I. Yeah. Look, there's, there's household names now of women who should have been able to have their own private healthcare kept to themselves Mm.


Who are thrust into the national light because they had to go through horrific situations that should have been as simple as healthcare being delivered. And look, this is, this is something that's taken a while. And, I, And I. Think for all of us on here, men need to know how to talk about it. Men need to know, you know, how women's bodies work and how Yeah. Doctors understand that. Yeah. And I think that's something that has changed. I agree with you. I I said, you know, LA while back in that, in the debate, it, it took a long time for them to get around to two most important issues. The issue of, of women's bodily autonomy and the democracy. Seems like those would've been two questions to come out, come out of the chute with Yeah. But What's that great quote or question from Kamala Harris to one of the Supreme Court people about, can you think of a law that does the same for a male body?


And it's like, there it is. It's all in that Question. It is that simple. And, and everything stems from that. And these guys are not gonna stop. I I talk about it the whole, you know, they're, they're all over us. I don't wanna have to talk with my wife And I, infertility issues and, and trying to use iui. And, And there isn't a person out there, there isn't a woman out there who's seeking healthcare, who's doing, who, who who wants to talk about it or is in a position who feels good about doing it that nobody's going out there. That's the, that's the other thing. It's like, you know, abortion Right. Or whatever do you think people are, this is something that everybody's looking for. That if this is a place that people are in a great place in Their life. I'm with you. Will. Who's asking for this agenda? Yeah, exactly. Who's asking for tax cuts for billionaires? Who's asking to repress women on this?


I said this dude. Do you think they guys Men, so they Go, rich men. Well, you think they're setting around in the bar in, in Wisconsin saying, you know what we really need to do? We need to ban Orwell's books and we need to give billionaires a tax cut and we need to repress women. Let's hope not. Let's hope not. I hope they're talking about we need better jobs. We need to make sure, you know, I can't afford to pay for daycare. Right. Tackle these issues. And, I think we, as you know, this is what Kam was putting out. Let's really tackle the issues and show 'em that we're going after these things. But you know, when we start to do that, they don't want to talk about it 'cause they got no plan. Listening to them talk about healthcare, listening to listening to Donald Trump ramble about protecting preexisting conditions, it's terrifying to me. If you wanna be president of the United States or vice President, you should at least have a working knowledge how insurance works and how healthcare works.


Amen. And they don't, You should have a working knowledge off how anything Works. Yeah. It's, it's absurd. If we ever wanted to have a real conversation Yeah. That, and you, you had to remove the word salad and you were like, no, you had, the moment you deviate from the question, you're out. It would be, or That an injection of bleach is just not a, a real good remedy for anything that ails you. You know, like that, that should be pretty simple. But It is why I'm, I have alabaster skin. Listen, I want to ask you something, you know, just as a sidebar, Tim, when, when you first came on the scene, you started talking about that program you started in Minnesota about free lunches in schools. Yeah.


That blew my mind because I, my mom raised five kids by herself. I was the youngest. And I would go to school. And I wouldn't have lunch. That's right. I just wouldn't eat. That's right. We didn't have the money. We didn't have Pretty hard to Learn. You sure? Made up for it. Pretty hard To learn. Pretty, You're all caught up. Sean pump it. It's, It's just crazy. We don't come in and we don't come in and ask 'em, where's your money for the heat today? You know? Yeah, exactly. We put new windows in the schools. Where's your money kid to have that Exactly. This idea. And look, it's, it's that simple philosophy of the investing. Every dollar you invest in early childhood, you get 12 back. Yes. I love that. And where, where did you get all that growing up? Like, where did you get this drive to be? This servant of like, and by the way, thank you for all your s your public service and Yeah.


Well, I, I think about it And, I, you know, when you're older it's a lot of things that come in, certainly from parents and small community, but I gotta be honest with you. I grew up Catholic and at that time it was about service and Right. The Catholic nuns, you know, you get the little thump in the back of the head Yeah. Thinking you're too big for your own britches. And, and it really was New Testament to the least amongst this type of stuff. I don't talk about, you don't need people to give you a sermon in elected office, but try and live one a little bit, you know, try and do something. Yeah, exactly. And I think it was from that. I, I feel very blessed by that. And it's, you know, it's different now. I'm, my wife converted me to Lutheranism, which is basically Catholicism with more singing, but that's about the difference I'm in.


But it's the same, it's the same type of principle. So I think that's what it was. And again, we, we have a, a saying, we have a great senator who, who died way too early in Paul Wellstone who said, We all do better when we all do better. And it's this sense of servant leadership, the sense of putting back in and, and you benefit, and we keep talking about this, this school meals piece of it. You get better achievement, you get better students in school. And so even if you remove the moral aspect of feeding a child, you actually save money. So if you're just heartless and don't want pay higher taxes, you save, you get $12 return on that. And so, I said, the simplification is you can buy school buses and school meals, or you can buy prison buses and prison meals. You make the decision where you wanna invest and it's much better. Yeah. That's, yeah. Well, that's great. Of course, it makes so much sense to invest in the future, to invest in ourselves, to invest in our kids.


That's what's gonna help us. And because otherwise, if it rots beneath a, you know, if that doesn't get supported, then there is no future. Right? That's right. And public schools for all of us are at And I. This is in rural areas. I keep thinking about these folks who wanna voucherize. So you're gonna have your voucher. So here's your voucher. You get a small tax credit or whatever, but your public school closes, where are you gonna send them? Where's that private school when you're out in a town like I was at 400, the idea that the community invested. And I had wonderful public school teachers who were teaching in a small school with, you know, 20 kids in a class. Yeah. Coming every day prepared to do that. What a sense of investment they all made. Yeah. And, I think, you know, from that kind of servant leadership, but watching the people around me, you know, the, the old Mr. Rogers thing, when you need somebody, find the helper, the helpers were all over and they were doing this.


There's, there's some of that. I love that. I used to, you know, just talking to you like Jason said earlier, you're j you're just, so, IIII can see you as a teacher. I mean, I didn. I didn't have you as a teacher. But, you remind me, me of like, well, I love you as a teacher. You, you seem like, you seem like the, the greatest teacher ever, where all the kids just ing love you. Well, it was, it's a privilege of my life now. My wife said, you know, I was the fun teacher, and she's the teacher that kids came back 10 years later and thank say, thank you for teaching me English. And so Mr. Welsh was a barrel of fun, But, you know, but I learned English. Do You guys have a similar, do you guys have a similar dynamic in parenting? Are are you, is she the disciplinarian? And you're kinda the fun Guy.


Yeah, she's amazing. Yeah. My, if you've seen her and she, she can do anything. She is just the quintessential, she seems Lutheran, Minnesota woman. Yeah. And we're, she's great. We're, we're partners in this. I feel blessed that we got together But, you know, just to be clear, she was much more political than me. Early. She would watch the conventions. I'm like, I'm not watching the conventions. It's summer. I'm going golfing or something. Right. She paid attention. She knew it all. I didn't, she knew who people were. I'm like, I don't know who the senator from North Carolina is. And she would know 'em all. So, oh, great. So, so Tim, let me ask you this. You're a coach, you're a teacher, but you're a coach. And I love the idea. You know, that, that you're coaching teams.


And I, just think you'd be awesome. It's, you know, we're, we're, we're looking at the clock. It's two, we got two minutes left in this election. And the team, which is America's at the sideline, what are you saying? What are you saying to us? What do we need to do to kind of, you know, to, to get a w here for our country? Yeah. I've been, I've Been given, not just in the election, but in general for America. Look, it's a privilege. I I'm, I mean, I wish we weren't in this situation. I, I wish this thing were a blowout. It's not gonna be, it's gonna come down to the hard work, but the sense of privilege here. This isn't about the next four years. This is about the next 40. And you're hearing from your people, you know, around the world. The rest of the world's looking for is to do the right thing here. And I think to be a part of that and everybody to be the little things they can do.


Whether it's door knocking, whether it's going on and given what little they have, you know, donations that people give 10 bucks. That's a lot for a lot of people. They do something else and they give, they give the help. I think it's this idea that you can be part of something bigger and that's what people want. That's the whole thing about teams. Like the, the kids who enjoy being on football teams with the most is the kid who got in on kickoffs. 'cause you're gonna play everybody. He wasn't the best athlete maybe, but that kid was there because he was with his buddies. He was with his team. And I think for Americans, this idea, we can be in this, we don't have to agree. And I'm not naive. This is tough. There's folks that, that don't agree on anything, but I think the vast majority of people realize it doesn't need to be this way. Yeah. And I give Kamala Harris full credit.


Yeah. This idea of joy. And I watched the Wall Street Journal poo joy. Well, I'll take joy over being like crabby and awful and no one wants to be around you. Me too. Sure. That's what she's doing. And politics can be that way. Look, Donald Trump wants to make it, it would be easier, I guess he's saying is just to elect one person forever and let them make the decisions. No, this democracy stuff is hard. It's messy. It's difficult and it's frustrating, but it's the best that's been devised. Yeah. And it's the best path towards community. And, and yes. And, and And I and we'll let you go, but I wanna I want to ask you sort of building on that, that notion of community and everybody coming together and, and after you guys win, what, what do you think might possibly be a big give that, that, that you and Kamala could possibly offer to the folks who didn't vote for you guys?


That that that we get them so happy or so comfortable that they would feel good about you uniting with the rest of the country. Getting back to a bit more other Than they're, they're, they're, they'll get more jobs and they'll save. Right. But that, that notion of kind of becoming one big happy family and like, like not just the standard speech about, oh, you know, I wanna be president for all that, but, but something maybe taken directly from the Republican platform or their agenda that that would That's right. Would be felt as that give or that offer that would come across and you know, and have the effectiveness of like an olive branch. You know? Have you thought about That? Well, she said it, And I agree with her. She needs to appoint a Republican to the cabinet. I do think it matters to, to a position of authority. And look, there's a lot of 'em out there. These folks who are coming out and speaking on behalf of these Republicans.


I disagree with many of them. Their values are there. I served with these people. Yeah. People like Jeff Flake, the senator from Arizona. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Super conservative. But that man is as honest as anything. Yeah. I I've dealt with him, Jim Langford, who wrote the, the big piece of the immigration bill that they killed. Yeah. I served with him. That guy is the most conservative person I ever met. But he's also one of the most honorable. Some of these people need to be put in a position where they truly have the ability to influence things. Yeah. That's awesome. 'cause they are ethical and they, and they care about this country. And, I think I love that's, I think that's something that really sets her apart to make a high profile appointment to the captain or two or three or two, yes. Bring them folks who care about the country and let us look, I don't wanna be surrounded by people. I, in my organization, my folks know that.


I'll say something, they say, you know, with all due respect, governor, that is a horrible idea and we should not do it. And that's, and I'm like, okay, good. Thank you for stopping me from doing that horrible idea. So Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's good. I, I think I, I need to know, like, Giving away, like giving away SUVs with every tractor That was a horrible idea. I need to know before you leave, what kind of snacks are on the plane or the car or Yeah, great. Or the, Or what settles you. Yeah. Yeah. I, I this just irritates And I. Don't do it to irritate my, my pescatarian daughter a beef jerky is my thing. Sure. There you go. I'm a, I'm homemade beef jerky and Pete Buttigieg in-laws made some, and he brought me some And I. I like the idea of a friend bringing you homemade beef jerky and know that that pleases you more than anything.


So that's My thing. That's great. Yeah. Alright. Well listen, we, we just can't thank you enough for Yeah. For the trust to, to sit with us and the, and the, and and, and your time. We're, we're such big fans and we wish you the, the best of luck and, and safety out there on the trail and, and, and bring us, bring us that w we're gonna do everything we can and just couldn't be thrilled, more thrilled that Thank all three of you. We are really honored and your authentic self is just shines through and, and we're that, that authenticity is just so refreshing and great. Yeah. Yeah. This was big deal for me you guys. Thank you for having me on and big, big, big fan and appreciate all you're doing. Thank, like, Appreciate.


Thanks Tim. You Tim. Thanks guys. Bye. Yeah, have a great day. That was great. Thank you. You guys are the best. Hey, I didn't get in on this. I heard you guys often when you're talking, you you're talking the golf stuff. This is a thing. Honest to God, I don't know if you know this. So I grew up in those that really small town. Yeah. Sand green golf. Yes. Three buck green field. You know it, I know about it. I I What is sand green golf? Oh, you gotta hear this. This is So, so, so, so set it up again so people know Oh. yeah. So you grew up, you grew up in Nebraska. I did small town and you Played golf there. Played Golf and like everybody played golf farmers, everybody. And it, it wasn't country club golf, it was sand green golf. Yes, of course. And what it is, is the greens are made out of sand and they're oiled with vegetable oil.


Well, in the old days they were oiled with oil, which was not good. I think Really that's what they do in the Middle East In Australia, you, You rake the green with a path and then you put, and then you rake it again to put ridges in it. And they're little like postage stamp size greens. But it's a whole different game. But Oh, my God, I hear you guys talk a lot about golf. I wanna try, you gotta get on a sand green golf course. Listen, I, I can't wait. Listen, once you've won and you want to take a little break, Jason And I will meet you in Nebraska. Let's go play some sand green golf Deal. Even harder. Now we gotta watch. We're gonna find you. We Do it. Thanks fellas. Thanks. Thank You sir. Let's get her done. Yeah, Absolutely. Bye Tim. Thank You pal. Boy, that fella, I mean he cool, he gives politicians a good name and in my opinion, Yes, in my opinion as well.


I'm with you. I'm with you. You immediately, he's the dad. I always wanna And I know that there are a lot of people out there who, who don't want And I. So I I I get you saying, in my opinion, But you, the one thing you can't knock is the guy's authenticity. Yeah. Yeah. He's just such an authentic, real person and it's, it's great talking to him. Right. Mean Like, how can you not like that guy? I'm sure you cannot dis you can disagree with some of his policies I'm sure. But I'm just, I'm so excited about the prospect of simply just having somebody represent me and the country. I love that I'm not sort of worrying about them saying something mean, nasty, offensive.


I just, he's just Like, yeah, to get ahead, to get Ahead a guy I like to call my representative. I'm just proud. I would be proud of that Same and also not a guy who's out there to enrich himself or protect himself and use, use the office as a way to avoid prosecution. Right? Yeah. I mean truly so simple. Truly. I know. It's just so not self-serving. It's the opposite. It's er, it's public service, right? Yeah. The Truth. And so yeah, it's pretty, I think the most jarring thing was seeing Mike Terry there at the end who works with us, who our producers that he was actually, he was There at the hotel in the room. Yeah. That he was There with Tim Wallace. You know? That's interesting.


Very Interesting. Right. But I like him A lot. Did you guys, did you guys, did you guys have, have any questions that you didn't get to that you wanted to I wanted to mention this thing that they, there have been some fake fundraising emails that were going on that this is true Oh. yeah. Yes. Right. That He was gonna Yeah. 'cause we all get those. Yeah. But we get these fake ones that are coming from them and they wanted to address 'em that they're, I think they're working on it and Oh, really? Yeah. Huh. Yeah. It's gotta be hard to track. I want know, like yeah, There's a lot of awful people out there. I want to know what like bad like TV shows he watches or I want, I wanted to know like if he has like a little game on his phone that when he has a little quiet moment like, like we do with like Wordle or something like Yeah. Yeah. I bet he's got something fun in there. I think he crushes it.


It's really something really silly. Candy crushes It. Yeah. Candy Crushed. He pretty, He's got sound like he's got a pretty full plate. These these I know But, you gotta like But, you Gotta like But, you gotta have like two minutes to like, you have To be able to Yeah, exactly. Like even if it's just like going into the bathroom and like just sitting down, you know, like, not, not even, not even like taking, taking your pants down, but just like hiding in a stall somewhere just to get some quiet. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Right, right. I know. You know. Oh, I know how he feels. Ugh. I can't And I can't go anywhere. I know it's sweetheart. Oh, but Isn't that a good idea though? You guys to do to, you know, c nnn it doesn't matter who you are to split, instead of showing a map of this is all red, this is all blue state, just cut it in half and show us the percentages of each state.


Well they they do actually. Oh yes. They, they, the, the, the great Steve Koki will go in there and he will zoom in and it will expand and you will see sort of the micro of each of these Yeah, yeah. Districts and states. And you will see that how it is sort of, you know, split up inside there. Alright, Fine. Yeah, it is, it is true. Also those maps are so deceiving because when you look at, when you put it up against population Yeah. It's population. It's always different where population Is centered Ah, instead of the electoral college. So whatcha gonna do. Yeah. Yeah. How are we gonna get rid of that electoral college? Yeah. We, we can't do it here from our stupid ass podcast. You know, we need these heads and there are a government and, and we're on our way.


Hopefully. We'll, we're, You know what I wanna say to the electoral college Uhoh. Here it comes Willie. Bye Bye. Bye. Smart Smart SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry Rob Arm Jar and Bennett Barco. Smart Less.


Imagine what's possible when learning doesn't get in the way of life. At Capella University, our FlexPath learning format lets you learn on your own schedule. A different future is closer than you think with Capella University. Learn more@capella.edu.