
Jason, I know we gotta do this show, but you, do you have something else that you need to do? Yeah, I just, I did not get up early enough to Right. Take care of everything. One usually takes care of in the morning. So Like, taking out the trash or what? Or Well, Some people call it that, like, Like opening some windows. What is that? Alright, so I'll pause. Why don't you take care of that? And then we'll just play the music and stuff. And I Fast Episode. No, let's just go to all new SmartLess. Smart Bless. Will, did you just finish a workout?


I did. You got a little bit of sweat going there in the front of the shirt. I did. I didn't even have, I haven't showered. I just put on a clean shirt. I haven't showered yet. Luckily I'm in my booth, but I know it's gross. What's The flavor of workout currently? Are you still doing the nonsense with the, with the, with the, with the platinum white leather punching bag? No, Remember that I, I'm not boxing or anybody. It's really, by the way, a great workout with my friends over at Fight Camp. But no, I'm, I'm now in, I'm now doing the Catalyst, I'm in the, the Catalyst suit. Whoa, whoa. That Sends Elect Electric Pulses. Yeah. Oh, I get it. Oh, this is, this is the big Lazy Loser workout where you just put zip on a suit that electro shocks you. And you don't need to do shit. Just Sleep doing.


I'm doing a workout while I do it. And it's a great product. Jason, you, he looks like when he wears it, he looks like Beyonce from the single Ladies video. Okay. Well thanks for the reference from 2008. We really appreciate, listen, And I, I'd appreciate album. Don't stop talking to me like I can recall Beyonce videos at the drop of a hat. 'cause I can't Okay. Yeah. No, but, but by the way, her album just came out. It's really good. Okay. Yeah. It is The country one. Is it good? You've heard it? It's Really good. Yeah. It's really, really good. Is it real twangy country like No real? No. It's just her version of It. Yeah. But it's, she's got a lot of collaborations on it with country. You know who people Yeah. You know who did a great country album is Beck. Remember Beck's Country album?


Oh yeah. It was very good. Yeah. Yeah. Well, That's the notes. Hang on. Hang on. 1990 calling. What are we Sorry, By the way, Jay doesn't, Sean doesn't JB look like he could put out a country record right now? Absolutely. Yeah. No. And then you go, then you just tilt down and you see that, oh look, the Pixies Pixies On name one pixie song The night we went out. There We go. I mean, this is great. That's not a real song. Is that a real song? It's just A Great T-shirt. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Let's get to our guests. Another guest that I have. Listen, this, this damn project I'm working on here on the East Coast is really cutting into my prep time for my guests. And so I have not yet been able to write an intro for my guests.


Oh. Since this project has been in existence. However, Just start guessing. Yeah. Well, it just puts me on par with you guys. How many, how many is it? It's always somebody else or something else's fault. When's it your fault? Never. Ever. Never. Okay. So I'm not just gonna just say his name. I will say, I am happy to have this gentleman here. Okay. This is like the worst intro ever. That's good. That was good. And I. Love him. He is a dear friend of mine. And yours will Sean. Next q next Q card. I think you may know him, I'm not sure. But listen, this, this is the, this is the kind of guy that has got so much kindness and warmth in him that you actually, if you're a cynic like me, you doubt his sincerity.


But if you know him as well as I do, you know, it's sincere. It's real. Ang this is somebody who is absolute royalty in our business. He is one of my favorite people in the world. He's one of our best actors, one of our best comics. An incredible author. Ah, he can't say enough. Make, make, just come on out everybody. It's Henry Winkler. Ah, I love Henry Winkler. Are you Right? I mean, what Can you, you say, are You joking? I Can bow for the sincerest sincerity thing. How do you're like dubbed the nicest person in show business. Exactly. But you know what?


I, I don't necessarily think I am the nicest. I think I'm just grateful, You know? Yeah. Oh, grateful. I love being Grateful. I'm just grateful. And I. I sometimes I'm so filled with just being on the earth. Yeah, yeah. You know, I you can, you Can feel it. You know what? I believe you Henry. Yeah, I do. I believe you. I've, I've spent some time. I really believe you. It's so good to see you. Thank you. I'm so happy to finally be on the show. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now look at the desk behind you. my God, that's a pile of work you got going on in your Desk. That's one of the greatest offices you'll ever step into. What the, the, the wall that he's facing right now is stock filled with stuff.


You could spend an hour looking at all these memories, all these tchotchkes and memorabilia and, right. It's true. It's true. But remember, I've been doing this a long time. Yeah. You know what I didn't know is that this was only a voice podcast that we weren't recording it video. I could have been in my pajamas. Yeah. Like us. Sure, yeah. Like us Or in a sweaty, sweaty t-shirt like me. Yeah. And you could have take, you could have taken your hair off. Even Henry. Not a lot of people know that Henry has been bald since 14. 14 years old. Yeah. Unfortunately. Yeah. But I used to do the limbo at high school dances.


You know, it was the only way I got some self esteem and the wig slid right off No Way. Oh. It was horrible. Because of your skills. Imagine Thinking, imagine thinking. I got low self-esteem. How am I gonna build it up? You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna answer the limbo. Oh, limbo the shit outta this party. I, I was the best in my high school. Is that true? I'll bet. Yeah. Be, you know why I believe that Henry is because I'm, I'm now, what just came to mind was that episode of Happy Days where you do, where the Fons does that dance? The Tki? Yeah. Where you get low. my God. Yeah. So my parents took me to see the Musayev Folk Ballet at Madison Square Garden when I was in the sixth grade.


And this is that athletic Yeah. Jumping in the air. Yeah. Spread Eagle. Doing the ba Yeah. And. I. I was overwhelmed and taught myself a bastardized version in my room that I would do at any dance I attended. Really? And That was your That was your closer. Right? That was my closer. And so how did it come about that you're on your, you're making happy days and did they say Fs needs to have it and you're like, hang on a second. I got this guy, I got this in my back pocket. Yeah. Do you know, interestingly enough, I would ask, you know, there were so many episodes.


I was asked to do all kinds of stuff and they came up with this, how do you win the dance contest? And I said, well, I can do this. And they played Hava Nagel. And I was off and running. Right? Was it, was, was it, was it, we're gonna pop around all over the place, but while we're there, I mean, was it The Fons was not meant to be the star of the Show? No. Correct. I had six lines when I auditioned. I had six lines, and then I worked one day a week for the first year.


And being anxious and short, I could not leave my apartment on a weekday. So I just sat in my apartment waiting for the day of work and then waiting for the weekend when I could finally leave. Wow. What do you mean? What do you mean you were afraid to, to leave your apartment? 'cause you're anxious and short. I, I, I, no, I wasn't afraid I couldn't leave my apartment because, you know, I was so duty bound, I couldn't play on a workday. Got it. Oh, gotcha. So I had all the fan mail delivered to my apartment. And so it was pretty much like a hoarder. Wow. Navigating my way through the boxes of letters in crayon.


Wow. Written directly to your, your address? Like you just gave out your address? No, no, no. It came to, it came to Paramount and Paramount had it delivered. Alright. Got it. Good. And then I would get presents, you know. Sure. I I got a metal cutting that said, if you will, it, it is not a dream, which became my watch word. Yeah. Or my, my phrase for the rest of my life. Your mantra, if you will. It Yeah. You can have what it is you want. I Believe that a hundred Percent. And that, that came on a what? Like a somebody On a metal cutting That was sent to me in the mail by a fan. Huh? So was it like, it was a license. It was outta the license plate shop at the, at the, at the prison.


Right. You know what, it could have been a Spare license plate. It Could have been. And then I had it framed. Sure. Oh, so I have, I ha And it's up on my wall in, in That's Pretty Cool. I like the idea that somebody does that, that somebody, like some guy Jason's joking about, he's in prison, but some dude who's a big fan. J he had a few too many pops one night and just etched it into a metal frame as a nothing. And for you, it became your mantra. Yeah. Yeah. It became my mantra. Put put it on metal as a bit of a clutter buster. He doesn't wanna get caught up in all the other fan letters. Well, I got a lot of wood too. Sure. I bet. A lot of wood. Sure. Jewelry little girls would send me their bears or their Crucifixes.


And I'll bet the big girl sent some lingerie. I mean, the f the Fon was the fon was A bit of, of a sex symbol. Yeah. Yes. And, and then people would come to the apartment and lift their shirt and ask me to sign parts of their anatomy. Sure. No Way. I got it. Yeah. And of course I wouldn't because I was afraid that the ink would get into their bloodstream. Yeah, sure. Good for you. What a nice guy. Good for you. That would be the first time. I would doubt your sincerity right there. Yeah. Yeah. But it's, you can if you want. Sure. So people can show up now at your house tarps off. No problem. Right. No fear of getting any ink. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. I, I, I was, I shouldn't.


Well, okay, so I, I'm sitting in my apartment. I have a, a, a Victrola 'cause everything was vinyl. I went to Tower Records on Sunset Boulevard. Yes. I bought Dan Fogelberg. And I was listening to Dan Fogelberg on my rented Victrola. The door knocks. Yeah. I get up. There are three men with badges. And I said, oh no, you do not smell what you think you're smelling Oh. my God. There were some weed going And they said we're with the FBI. I we're not here for that. We just wanted to meet the Fons No Way No Way.


Wow. That's pretty cool. That's so funny. Pretty, that's a bit of an, an abuse of their, I would say their It's busy day assets. Right. Just looked up Your address. I was so happy that I was not being put in handcuffs. Yeah. I didn't care what they did. Yeah. They were all paranoid, all Stoned. You're so, you're so, you're right. You're so happy that you're not getting busted for having a big pile of Stinky bud. Hey Henry, let me ask you this. I remember you telling me years ago the story about when you got that part on Happy And I. Know, we're just in the Happy Days era right now. 'cause it was so, such a huge part of a, you know, culturally, I don't think people understand how big it was. If you're younger, starting in the late seventies into the eighties, how, how massive Happy Days was globally.


You got that part, I think you told me once. Will you, will you remind me of that story of how that came to be? I was not a complete human being in my life. I could not connect my mind and my emotion. I was just being who I thought I should be. Why? I I I come from walking into my apartment was like walking into a minefield. You know, my short German parents were horrible. But so I, Oh wait, go back. What? I'm kidding. Hey, we'll go back on that.


But I, I could, I could somehow unleash myself professionally. So I walk in to the audition, And I changed my voice. I said, hi, my name is Henry. I'm from New York City and I'm here to try out for the part of Fonzi Arthur Fonza. And then I looked at the guy who was reading with me. His name was Pasqua And I. Don't know where it came from, but I was able to just go. I said, Hey, don't you look at me like that.


I vote your eyes pal. And then I did six lines through the script in the air taunted out of the room. And on my birthday when it was time for me to go back to New York. 'cause I only had a month, they called and said, would you like to play this part? Wow. Wow. And now, and you were right. You, I remember you saying that you were gonna go back to New York. You were like, I'm done. I'm going back. And well, I, I thought, I literally thought, well, I don't have any more money. I I I don't, I I'm not getting much. Maybe it's, I'm not supposed to be here. Well, but however, you were a Yale grad at this at this point.


Yes. Yes. Out of, out of Yale drama. Yes. So you were stocked full of credentials and, and, and ability. Did you, did you not have confidence that you were gonna be able to, to make a career? I, I got confidence about last Wednesday. That was, That was the first time I literally, I, I've said this before, but imagine that I am a bowl of jello before it congeals in the icebox in the refrigerator. Right. I was, my insides were shaking like I was at the rumba room.


Yeah, yeah, Yeah. For sure. Was there ever a moment where you didn't want to talk about playing the f like a section of your life where you're just like, I don't want to talk about it. And then you embraced it, or No, No, no. Because I understood in those 10 years, the incredible gift that I was given Right. In being introduced to the world, no matter where we went in on the planet, somebody stopped me, invited me to their house for dinner. Yeah. The Native Americans in the, the Hopi tribe, you have to lock your camera away because they think you're taking their soul.


Sure. They invited me to get my camera when we took Jed, who's now 53. But at the time, it was in the third grade studying Native Americans. Yeah. They invited me to get my camera so I could take a picture of the Kachina dances. What an honor. Yeah. And, and that is the, the microcosm of my life at that time. Did you and, and Sean be honest, are you still thinking about the Jello in the fridge? Yes. Did you Henry, I'm thinking About the le I'm, I'm, I'm about to drive over to Henry's house and knock out the leaf blower. I know. I'm gonna get him. I'm gonna get him. Yeah.


He's Next door. He's next door. Yeah. So, but Henry, I remember seeing photos or video of you like going on these world tours. You were in like Japan or something or Something with the Happy Days Baseball team. Yeah. Was that what it was? Gary Marshall? I miss him every day. Yeah. Was a, just a brilliant human being. A problem solver. Very strict. He Created Happy Days For, he created Happy Days and Morgan and Mindy and Laverne and Shirley, all the wow. And the odd couple and on and on and on. Wow. Wow. And then went on to direct these great movies. Pretty woman being one of them. Yeah. Yeah.


Gary Marshall always wanted to own a sports team. And I think he bought a, a part of the Portland Beavers. So we played softball, then we were invited by the USO and the Happy Days Ball team flew to Germany and we played in all these small towns. And at that time there was the Cold War Right. Was still going on. And so these men and women, leaf blower were in these small towns at the border of Germany. We would play softball with them. I would like to really take this gardener.


Yeah. Is he in the room? I mean, He is likes sitting on my lap. Just Try using a vacuum cleaner instead. You're so lazy, Henry. You don't need a leave In there. I'm telling you. I don't know. It's the next door neighbor. No, I know. And they're, they're so messy over there. Yeah. No. Well, you know, he, yeah. But anyway, so, so, and then we played all over Germany. Here's the great thing. I'm walking through an airport and a young woman comes up to me with a stroller and said, I was my daughter's age when you came to Germany and played against my dad's team. Wow. Wow. What a circle.


Yeah. Then we went to Okinawa. Ah, that's where Scotty was born. And come on, we played again with the American troops in Japan. Yeah. What year was that? And That was, Jed was 13, so I have no idea. 40 years Ago. So did you guys play in just, just in only played in, in access countries like Japan, Germany, and, and Italy too. Did you guys Play? Yes. And then we played in, in every major ball ball field in America. We would play exhibition games before the Mets. Before the Giants. Who's on this team? The Dodgers, the Angels. Yeah. Yeah.


Who's on the Happy Days team? Who was there? Ron Howard. A great athlete, believe it or not. What Position, what, what position was, was, Was, was Richie on, he would play center field shortstop. Okay, sure. Donnie most great athlete. Most Where was he? Where where'd we have Ralph now? As Donny was maybe left field. Sure. Or second base. And you gotta put Patsy in, right? Right. The guy right field. No, he was on First base ticket to the game. Patsy in Right. First base. Oh, okay. You just point and say, sit on it Patsy. And point to first base. Yeah. Very Good. That is exactly right. And, and he, he went and he was good. He could catch. Okay. Yeah. I couldn't catch. So I was the pitcher. You're the pitcher. They taught me how to pitch and that is all I could do.


Ron Howard bought me a mit. Yeah. Anson bought me a bat. My first in my life. Really? And so I got really good at pitching. But if the ball was hit toward me, yeah. Watch out. I turned my body to the left and stopped the ball with my body. I was black and blue for eight years. Yeah. Well, you pi you're pitching too many over the middle of the plate, it sounds like. Well, I, I pitched Shutouts. What about That was Good? Wait a minute. Let's just go buy that so quickly.


And now a word from our sponsor. Smart lists. Get support from Alexa, Emergency, Assist. Picture this guys. It's the 20 minutes between your kid getting off the bus. And when you get home, a fire starts when they decide to make a snack. Do your kids know who to call? Do they know how to say Alexa? Call for help. That's all they need to do to be connected to a dedicated emergency response agent. Faster than industry standards. Real stories show as time and again, immediate action and information is crucial. Alexa, Emergency, Assist, arms urgent response agents with critical information about you and your family. Additionally, your pre-safe emergency contacts are notified when you call for help. And when the call ends, it's really, really great you guys. I got this a couple weeks ago. And I know. I spoke about it before on the, the show. But Scotty has diabetes as a lot of you know, and years and years and years ago, like 16, 17 years ago, he had a diabetic seizure. And I didn't know what to do. I didn't know how, how to who to call. didn didn't know what I was. I panicked. It was freaky to find him like that. Well, thank God it all worked out. And I used kind of old school techniques to find him help. But now that we have Alexa Emergency Assist set up in the kitchen, which is like the central hub of the house, I can't tell you the peace of mind we have. Like, if that ever happens again, God forbid, knowing the Alexa, Emergency Assist is right there with all of our contact information, how fast they respond. It's all fantastic and it's all peace of mind. And it's worth every single penny. So for that added layer of protection for your family property, and even your pets, trust in the peace of mind that only Alexa Emergency Assist can provide. Learn more and subscribe at www.amazon.com/alexa assist.


SmartLess is brought to you in part by Audible. Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, or any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertain as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. You know, when Andy Sandberg was on, we were talking about the Short Lazy Sunday, which was by the Lonely Island guys. And in it is the Chronicles of Narnia. And so that had kind of like stuck with me. And I was like, oh, you know what? That'd be a great Audible book to listen to the line, the Witch in the wardrobe. And 'cause I hadn't read it or listened to it in this case in years and years anyway, since I was a kid. So it was really, really cool to get lost in that world and, and hear all those characters again. And it's narrated by Michael York, who's fantastic. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash SmartLess or text SmartLess to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash SmartLess. Or text smartlist to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash SmartLess.


SmartLess gets support from ZipRecruiter summertimes here. And all those seasonal gigs are opening up, you know, stuff like mule wrangling and running those drama camps. The thing is, there's a real need for people with those specific skills, but they can be kind of hard to come by. You know, whether you're hiring for one of those roles or any other role, how do you find top talent before the competition gets to them ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter's got this powerful matching technology that really digs into find you topnotch talent for roles you are looking to fill as soon as you post your job. ZipRecruiter Smart technology shows you the qualified peeps that are a perfect fit. Gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter's high speed hiring tools, CY four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


And now back to the show. I want to get to you. Is it true that when you, what your audition for Yale, when you went into Yale Drama School Yes. That you completely blanked on your Shakespearean monologue. I did. You made one up. Oh, is that true? From I did. So You improvised in Shakespearean? I iambic pentameter? No, not, not in iambic pentameter, but I told the story. It was the, the monologue was Lon and his dog. I don't even remember what play it was from because I know my limitations. This was out of the, out of my perfume. Right, Right. And I went launch and the dog, and then I said, went for a walk.


And I made it up. And they still let you in. Absolutely. Brilliant. Natalie did they let me, okay, so there 25 actors started. 11 finished. I was one of three actors asked into the professional company. I now am making $172 a week. I am starting my dream. I am eight. Thinking about being a professional actor. I am now being paid. Yeah. I don't know. Then I got a $10 raise. Went to one of the best repertory theaters in the country in, in Washington DC It was Moon Children.


That was a cast. That's hysterical. Michael Tucker, Jill Eikenberry, Chris Guest. Just on and on. Yeah. Jimmy Woods. Oh, Wow. James Woods. Oh my God. Now, Now. So how did you, did you get to Yale via acting chops? Or were you a, a a a a, an academic? I am in the bottom 3% academically in America. Yeah. So then what, what are you doing over at Yale? Well, I, I was all just auditioning. Wow. I was just, wow. It's just your ability to impress them as an actor. What at, what at eight years old made you want to act?


Was it that dance thing that you saw? That is a good question. I'm not sure. Yeah. My, my standard answer is if people were born to try and do something, I was born to try and be an actor. Wow. That's So interesting. But did you have that in your, in your, in your family? Did your parents encourage it? No. Did you guys go see a lot of shows? My parents encouraged me, not an iota. And my father brought a lumber business over from Germany. Mm. Wow. He imported and exported wood. Huh. And he wanted me to do the same. He wanted me to take over the business.


And my, my joke is He said to me, why do you sink? I boughts business over here. And I said, besides being chased by the Nazis dad was there like a bigger reason. Ah, right, right, right. Oh my God. Hey, Henry. What, what year did your mom and dad come over from Journey? Was it in the thirties? 1939. Wow. My father asked his mother and took my mother's jewelry. Bought a box of chocolate. Yeah. Melted the chocolate. Poured the chocolate over the jewelry, put it back in the box, put the box under his arm.


So, and then got a, a work visa for six weeks. So when the Nazi said, are you taking anything of value, He said, no, open my bags. You check my pockets. I I have nothing. And that box of chocolate started him on his new life. 'cause he pawned all of the jewelry. Wow. Until he was able to buy it back. And, I have my great grandfather's pocket watch that came out of jewelry encased in, in, in, in, do you really? In, in chocolate. Wow. That's, It's usually, that's usually right with the gold coin.


It's usually gold on the outside and chocolate in the middle. This time it was Reversed. Yeah, it it, yes. Look at that. Yes. And that chocolate, you couldn't eat it. You could not eat. It was, it always gave you herpes. But That was A Terrible, But what an amazing, what an amazing story. And so when your father comes, so I I I get it. You sort of, the way you characterize him, he is like, he was tough. He wanted you to take over the lumber business. But I'm sure in his mind he is like, Hey, I came, I came in tough times. You're Right. Persecuted. You're right. You're, I understand all of that. I swear I do. I admire They learned a new language. He started a business in a new country. Right. He, he didn't know if he would be able to stay.


Yeah. But here it is. When you are have a, a child and they're in front of you, they're not an extension of who you are. Right. They're not there to make you proud. And if you see your child is got a problem, even if you don't know the name, if you don't understand it, your job is to make sure that that child feels comfortable enough not to lose their entire self-esteem, but to help them meet their destiny. Not get proud of them when they figured out how to meet their destiny all by themselves. Right. That's So interesting. Yeah. 'cause you had to battle through some Pretty significant dyslexia Challenges.


Yes. I still do. You don't lose it. Yeah. Dyslexia is with you. Yeah. You just have to learn to negotiate it. Yeah. And there are things I just can't do. And then there are other people who I depend on to do it. Right. You know, thank God Stacey, my wife is a brilliant speller. Right. But it's hereditary. I'm sorry. Well, I was gonna say, you've, you've written books about it. You, you've been really vocal about it in terms of identifying it in kids and helping them because of your own experience and using that to try to talk about it. Is that right? Am I right about that? I did not know that That was gonna happen In 2001. I had just finished a Broadway play with John Ritter.


And Len Carou. Right. Was a, a a Neil Simon play. Oh, my God. I, it was my dream. The first play I did open and closed in one night. This one ran for nine months. Wow. Wow. So I come home, can't get hired. I go to a friend, And I said, I, I, I don't know what to do. I need help. He said, write books for children about your learning to say you, your learning condition. I said, I can't do it 'cause I've got a learning problem. Yeah. Right. He said, I'm going to introduce you to Lynn Oliver. And then, you know what I found out the lesson is, there is not one way to do anything.


You, there is your way and your way is as valid as any other way. I love That. was there, was there any kind of while you were go, while you were discovering that you had dyslexia were, did you know something was wrong? And what did that, like, did you do anything to try to hide it and like I used humor. I used humor. Yeah. So I, I couldn't read. I couldn't read off a page. Yeah. I couldn't spell. I still can't spell. Look, I have over my computer, I have words schedule that I can't sound out. Really Still schedule. And so they're there. 'cause I use them so often, like the word schedule.


And I. Just look up And. I. That's how I spell it. Wow. Yeah. I remember when I was a kid in school, I, I knew I had problems with my eyes. I couldn't see And I sat in the back of the class and the class had two doors. One at the front entrance of the class and one at the be one at the end. And I would ask to go to the bathroom. And I would go leave the, leave the classroom, go up the hallway to the front entrance and there was just a little vestibule before you opened it. And I would look through the glass to read the blackboard to see what was on it. Then I would go back to my desk in the back of the class. Yeah. Because I was too embarrassed. I was like, I can't See. I understand Henry, I'm borrowing Sean. I'm at, I'm at Sean's desk. And I just found this over his computer. You can probably see it. Spaghetti And I. Don't know why.


Can I just say something more of an affirmation? Can I just say something? Yeah. Each one of you, I know individually, I know, you know, I met the, the two of you. I met you at the, the first day of doing Arrested Development. Yeah. You were on the couch in the living room. I was your lawyer and not very good. And Sean I met at Max Munch Nick's party. And I was so overwhelmed by meeting him that I was a little out of body and he looked at me, I, I I I got.


So, and he looked at me, went, hello, And, I thought, oh, I've, I've completely screwed that up. Oh God. No. I was probably dying inside. But that is, no, I'm so happy to be with You, Henry. Can I tell you something? I have so many great memories and people ask me all the time about working with you and, and obviously you're, you're an icon and And I say, I have a couple, I have a bunch of really distinct and they're all good memories of you. And I. And I'll tell you them sort of in no particular order. One is, and Jay, you were there, we were doing a scene. You, me and Jason and you Henry and Jeffrey Tambo. And we were doing a scene in a bathroom at the old LA season one.


And we were doing the scene in a bathroom. We're having, I forget the conversation in the scene. And then we all leave the room and at the end you look, you're left in the bathroom, you look in the mirror, you go to comb your hair and you go, nah. Like that Fonzi move. Yeah. But it really subtly and then you walk out. So That was my fir And I. I remember Jason And I going like, can you believe we're doing this scene? And he's doing a fucking fonzi thing. We're we're, how lucky are we that we get to be doing a, that's my a, my b Is this my first year of Arrested Development? I was living in LA part-time just to work. And I had a, a few friends, Jason being one of them. And Sean And I weren't that friendly yet. I didn't really like him that much. And yeah, we, but I was, I was on my own often.


And, and on the weekends, if I didn't go back to New York, I was on my own. And you and your wife Stacy, welcome me in your home a few times on a Saturday morning you'd say, come over and do breakfast and bagels and blah, blah, blah. And you were so kind. It's where I met Jed. It's where I met all your kids. And And I, I, max And I. I was like, this is unbelievable. So kind. You took your time and you welcome me into your home. And I. I honestly, I never forget it to this day, how kind That was of you. I love it. Well, you know, you're all invited. There is a seat at my table. I had the, the pleasure of of having Jason and his incredible wife for dinner.


And the only one who hasn't been here is Sean. Yeah. Amanda And. I went over there and Zoe was there and Rob was there. The great Rob Rinus. Oh, I was gonna say that. And then Zoe and Rob, and of course I've come to know Rob, your son-in-Law, obviously over the years. He, he built my house. He's done every, he's an incredible guy. He's so good, isn't he? I had, He's incredible. I had a, a conversation with him outside of maybe a a but he was an actor. He was a really good actor. He wanted to date my daughter, And I said, I just want to tell you, you better earn a living because this is not a Yeezy person. and Wait, we can cut it out.


But what's Rob's last name? Rob? Rinus. Robus. Is that he wanted to be an actor. And I said, oh, You, yeah. He's the contractor. He is the the great You want something built in Los Angeles, Builder of homes. Yeah. He and his partner Brian. Yeah. And you know what? And, and, and so That was the conversation. So he then went to his father's friend, got a job because his father's friend is a also very good building company. Yeah. And he started in the parking lot where the crew would come and he would move the cars around. So they all fit in the small space of the parking for the day. And he met Brian, who was part of the crew.


And together they have made this wonderful company, Sean and Sean V the company's called VRB. And they, you know, my old house that I used to have up the hill? Yeah. They built Rob built that house. Yeah. I met the guy. he said, the house I'm in now, Rob completely redid it and, and did everything. And I try anytime, anything. He's the be this is the kind of guy Rob is when he built my, that other house that I used to live in, something fucked up when we were gonna do this thing, we're gonna have a deck. And usually, and it came in, it wasn't quite right. And the wood was, and usually guys, you know, contractors go, well, that's the way it is. Too bad. You gotta pay, blah, blah, blah. Rob says, I'm rebuilding the deck. I'm paying for the, I'm paying for the, the labor, the lumber, everything.


That's not your fault. I'm, I'm taking care of it. And I said, Rob, you don't have, he goes, no, I have to do it. That's the kind of guy He is. That's amazing. Yeah. That's amazing. Hey, Sean Sean, can I ask you a question? Yeah. This has been on my mind for a long time. Are you going to bring your Broadway award-winning show to la? No. We we're, we're, it's it's had its had a marvelous life. I wanna tell you for the, for the, the listening audience who did not have the extraordinary experience of seeing Goodnight Oscar on Broadway, Sean Hayes, first of all, disappeared.


You know, you know Sean and, and you, you saw nothing of the Sean, you know, was Genetic in Israel on that stage. Yeah. And then you find out he's a concert pianist and for 30 minutes plays the piano concert ready. The audience jettisoned out of their seats. They leapt out of their seats. That's Very sweet of you. It it was electrified. It really Was. Was recently, this is a recent, this is a recent project, Sean. Yes it Is. Yes it is. It was about a year ago You were crying right next to me. Willie And I. Then Shani went and go ahead and, and he took a Tony award for it.


It's very nice. And Henry, I knew that you were very sweet to, to even talk about it. And I And I saw you on a morning talk show. Talk about it. I was floored. I was like, Oh, my God one of my childhood idols is talking so lovely about me. So it was really sweet. But it it, well, I I, if you did not win the Tony, there would have been something wrong with the universe. That's very nice. I agree. That's true. We'll be right back.


We get support from my mochi ice cream. Make your Summer even Sweeter with my Mochi ice cream. It's National Ice Cream Month and my mochis Cool Creamy ice cream. Wrapped in Sweet Soft Dough is the most delicious way to celebrate. It's like if you took ice cream and you wrapped it in my personal tummy. My Mochi ice cream has all your favorite summer flavors like strawberry, mango, and cookies and cream. Each box contains six perfectly portioned gluten-free mochis that make for a great pool site snack or backyard barbecue dessert. Since my mochi ice cream is only around 80 calories per piece, you can feel guilt-free celebrating National Ice Cream Month every single day. And guess who does me? I love Cookies and Cream by Mochi ice cream. Like I had plenty of that, but I just read that they have a new one called Cereal and Milk Mochi. Are you kidding me? It's like it was made for me. I can't wait to try the cereal and milk mochi. If it's anything like, imagine I'm gonna have like 50 of 'em in one sitting if experience the joyfully chill sensation of my mochi ice cream. You can find my mochi at Target. Or go to my mochi.com to find your nearest grocery store.


We get support from Happy Egg. Now lemme tell you, there's something truly special about starting your day with a sunny side up that has that deep orange yolk just bursting with flavor. Right? That's the Happy egg Promise at Happy Egg. All of their hens roam on eight or more acres of land, leaving no mystery to why their eggs are the best they are cared for by small family farmers and live their best hen lives day in and day out. Aside from their hens roaming across eight plus acres of farmland, they have plenty of access to fresh water and nutritious feed. This goes above the traditional free range farming, but it's what they believe is better for their birds overall. Lemme tell you, lemme tell you something, lemme tell you how great they taste. Okay with an orange rich yolk like these things, it makes all the difference in the world. I don't want that pale yellow, that's stale yellow color. I want that rich sunburnt orange color that's on the horizon when the sun's about to set inside of my egg. I don't want a sad egg. I want a happy egg. Next time you're at the store, look for the yellow carton. Choose happy with Happy Egg does it. Happy egg.com/smartlist to find a store near you.


Our thanks to Rakuten for supporting this episode. Rakuten is the smartest way to save money when you shop. Get cash back at over 3,500 stores across every single category, including fashion, beauty, electronics, home essentials, travel, dining, and so much more. Plus, you can maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. I mean, who doesn't like finding a nice deal somewhere? And then Rakuten makes it even better. I mean, it's just, it's just, it's simple math guys. Rakuten has your favorite stores like Macy's, Adidas, Levi's, Petco, Sephora, many others. Membership is free and easy to sign up with over 17 million members already saving. What are you waiting for? Cashback rates change daily. Start all your shopping@rakuten.com or get the Rakuten app to start saving today. Your cashback really adds up. That's R-A-K-U-T-E n.com.


SmartLess gets support from Peloton. Summer is the best time to start a new workout routine. It's our yearly collective warmup. It means we're gonna get outside, we're gonna start losing clothing and we're gonna be wanting to feel our best and to look our best. And for me it's always that thing when it's sort of springtime, I start, I start ramping it up. 'cause I'm like, I I just wanna feel good even look good. Yeah. But I really wanna feel good when I'm out and wearing a tee shirt or shorts or jorts or you know, a a, you know, a Speedo, whatever it is. I wanna feel good. And so I like to like get myself going. And Peloton iss a great way to do that. Peloton is here for everyone's yearly warmup. This is the best time to get into good rhythm, tap into your power and build towards summer. You peloton accommodates your schedule with a variety of class lengths to choose from. Even if you only have five minutes or you want to hit a 60 minute session at the gym, they have options for you giving you the flexibility you need to move your body. Alright. So if you want to, for example, you want to do a treadmill and outdoor runs and walks, including marathon training. If that's what you, you your thing is or you wanna work towards that, then great. They do stuff, you know, hikes, you know, treadmill raises as as you walk. And, and you can do strength exercising and you can do all more core focused stuff or muscle group focused classes. Whatever it is you want to do, they got it for you. So whether you prefer to run outdoors row or ride at home or strength train at the gym, there is a Peloton product to get you moving. Get a headstart on summer with peloton@onepeloton.com.


And now back to the show Henry. So you, you, you, you shoot out of the stratosphere with happy days. Yes. You are arguably one of the most famous men in the world. You probably can't walk down the street. What was that adjustment like? And then I want you to talk to me about the adjustment afterwards when you couldn't possibly match that level of success or profile. How did you weather that sort of gap between the end of happy days and, and and and and the, and the highlights that followed after that?


'cause there was, you can't keep it up at that level. And, and how did you manage the swale? Those are two really great questions. I, because I swear to God, I think I have to really give it to my dyslexia because there's an emotional component that goes on your lack of self, no matter how you appear on the outside, is churning on the inside. So people talking to me like, I can walk on water. I'm ke I keep looking over my shoulder 'cause they can't possibly be talking to me because that they, they don't know who I am because, you know, so I was able to keep grounded.


Then I met Stacy, which did an even better job. And then Jed came with the marriage. He was a gift with the marriage and that painting his face to look like Kiss kept you focused on what is in the moment and has nothing to do with who you are. Right. Okay. I had the most amazing time. Now it comes, I have an office, I have a production deal, fair Income because Of Skip Brittingham ii. And now I am not getting any calls or callbacks and I'm having like psychic pain.


I'm telling you, there was a pain in my brain from not having any idea of what to do next. I had a plan a And. I just lived it. I had no plan B. And then I literally thought it's the, it's it's over And. I had the fear. What do I do? Will it match it? Could I ever match it? Same thing happened just now. We just finished Barry at the end of last year. Yeah. Will I match it? Yeah. Will I Thank you. Thank you. I'm standing. Yeah, I'm taking a battle.


Yeah, I could have, well yeah, I could. Okay. It was palpable. The the and then my lawyer Skip said, I'm gonna start a production company for you. So here's another lesson I learned. I said, I can't do that. I know nothing about business. I, I, I'm dyslexic. He said you'll learn and you know something. So there were things about being a producer I could do and the other things I found people who could do it better. Right. But it was so This, this was fair income. This was the production company that, that That was set up after happy days.


And the acting calls were not dur during and the acting calls were not coming post happy days. But, But for eight years. But during that time, out of desperation or creativity or whatever it was, you started to diversify into producing and directing as well. Yes. And, and and, and this is where directing those movies came along and a little bit later, MacGyver. Yeah. Oh yeah. MacGyver. MacGyver was the first show that we ever produced. I had three different partners, writing partners who were going to create the material to do my on-air commitments. You know, at that time they paid you not only compensation, but they gave you, if you brought them a show like a, B, C, if you brought a b, CA show they liked, they would put it right on.


You didn't have to go through the process. So I had two of those. Wow. And MacGyver was didn Didn't know you. I didn't know you produced MacGyver. That's cool. Yeah. That was the first one Wow. That we ever brought to A, B, C. Yeah. And what were the two, what was the other one? What was the other one That you liked? The other one was with Jeff Tambo, where he played a blind English professor. So funny. It was called Mr. Sunshine, but we only did 13. It did not last I remember it. But it was great. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I was gonna try to guess I was gonna say a good title for that would've been well my glasses. So so you, so you start producing that and you and MacGyver gets on the air, it takes off.


It's a, it's a big hit, right? Yeah. Huge. It's a massive hit. How long? Well, it went for 13 years. Seven, 13 the first iteration. And then we brought it back for five. So that it was a pretty terrific run. Did, Did Forte and, and John Solomon, those guys have to reach out to you when they started doing Mcg Gruber. Did you like those McGrew? Did you like those mcg Gruber spin those? I Did. Yeah. I did. I think Will is is unbelievable. Yeah. And no, but no, they did not reach out to me. I did. You know, because it was owned by Paramount and a B, C at the time. Right, right, Right, right, right, right, right. So so you do that, so you start getting into producing and you just figure what, I'm just gonna be a producer forever.


And this is, I didn't know. I thought I was just gonna be a producer for a minute. Yeah. And then the, and and then it became a profession. And then We did sightings for seven years. The studying all things paranormal. Wow. And then We did a, a wonderful show, which was a, a kid show in So weird. We produced it in Vancouver. Yeah. About a little girl, Mackenzie Phillips. I, this was her first job after cleaning herself up. Ah, ah, and she was a rockstar on a bus. Oh yes.


Her manager drove the bus. Her daughter and the manager's son would go off when they were setting up the, the concerts and stuff and find paranormal experiences in whatever town they were in. Yeah. It was called. So weird. All right. Now how long did that one go? That sounds like a sprint. Yeah, that one went for three or four years. Three or four years outta that one. Good lord. Yeah. Alright, now, so, so then you, you're feeling you're feeling buoyed by the producing success. Are there is still a passion for acting, passion For acting, feeling horrible that I, there's nothing. Well, Because you were so, I mean you may have started the term typecast because you were so identifiable as the Fs.


'cause he was so, so popular. I mean, listener, you know, this was at a time when there were three networks, period. Right. And Happy Days was, if not the top show, one of the top shows was probably getting 30 to 40 to 50 million people watching you every week. You can't move, you can't ask an audience to see you as anything different because you're so beloved as that character. So to ask someone to hire you, to play somebody else is probably a tall order. So you diversify into producing, you're doing the directing. At what point did you feel that maybe there'd been enough time now where you could start to have a realistic expectation to be hired as an actor? Again? Do you Know what I learned? I And, I've used this image a lot, but I see myself as that toy with sand at the bottom.


And you, and you blow it up and it was a cowboy at one time, probably. Now it's a Star Wars figure. And you punch it and it goes down. Yes. Yes. And it comes right back to center. Right. I saw myself like that, that I would Right. And then eventually what I learned is for everybody who is listening, a lot of people will say no, but you just stay at the table long enough. Somebody is gonna say yes. Right. And I did a movie for television, a real story about a DA father of two. His wife was in an accident, she was pregnant.


And I. I could have an abortion and keep the child, or she would have the child. And I would lose my wife. Right. You know, and the right to Lifers took me to the Supreme Court. Wow. Not to save my wife. Okay. Wow. Wow. And I mean That was the story. Sure. Yeah. And really lived on Long Island. Yeah. That's that and that, and you got some good responses from that. And it was a bit of a reset button for you. It was sort of a reset button. Yes. Great. And then that's great. I did one of the worst movies made by a human being called Control Tower. And out i i on that set, I got a phone call.


Would I like to be in the water boy? Right. Sandler. Yeah, that's right. Yes. Nice. That's right. And then, and, and let's get to one of my favorite shows of all time. Have you seen Sean? Have you seen it is called the Rest of Development and you played a character on that. Write it down. Lemme write it down. You had, so you knew Jeffrey when you came on the show? Oh yeah. A little bit. Did you, did you know Mitch Hurwitz? No. At all. I did not. Before You came, I didn't know anybody. And remember I was hired as your family lawyer Yeah. For one or two episodes. Yeah. And happily stayed for the next five or six years. The name of the character was Barry Zucker Corn.


Barry Zucker Corn, Barry Zucker Corn. Yeah. Sean. There's a moment in season two of arrest development where we're all out on the dock. We, we supposed to be Orange County, but we're in the marina. And we had, we, the show got sponsored. We were looking, we were hanging on by a thread because the ratings weren't good. And we got a sponsor and it was like the, it was Burger King. It was Burger King Crispy Sandwich or something. Right. my God, I'm in, I'm in. So, you know, the term Jumping the shark of course came from Henry when he was unhappy. Days when the Fs jumps the shark. Right. And Then the, the criticism was, it was an episode so late in the run of the series that, that they had basically run out of ideas and now they're gonna write that the Fons jumps his motorcycle over a shark.


And you know, Oh my God. Aren't they reaching for storylines? Yeah. So, yeah. You know, it became known as, you know, well, you know, you don't wanna write that episode. That's like jumping the shark. So except we were number one for the next four years. But they were number. Right, exactly. But, but, but the cynics put it sort of painted that way and the term became jumping the shark. So he, so in this episode, in this moment where we're, we're trying to figure out what we're gonna do. And we've got, and we've got this sponsor we have to work in Chicken Burger King, chicken sandwich in it. We have to actually have It in an episode. Fox Network Works says, yeah, the only way we can cash in the money from Burger King is we've gotta get the name of the sandwich into the actual dialogue of the show. And we're just furious on set.


And Everybody's furious. And, and Mitch is, so if Mitch figures out this way, there's a scene where Henry's down his character, Barry Zucker Gordon talking to us about something. And there was, and there were all these, well, Well, Buster Buster had just had his arm bitten off by a seal. By a seal out, out, out, in, out in the ocean. And then they captured I Guess what the shark? No. Then they had a bunch of sharks on the thing. And so Henry goes, listen, I'd love to talk to you guys about this, but I gotta go to Burger King and get one of their crispy chicken sandwiches. And then he just does a gingerly little hop over a shark and gets That's on the dot. That's really Funny. That's on the how crazy Ideas. It's so good. And I the only actor in the universe who's jumped the shark twice.


That's Right. That's good. That's right. So, Henry, what, what, that's hysterical. What, what excites you now? Do you still get up And I? Like, I, I love acting. I'm gonna keep acting till the day die. Like, yeah. Still love it. Yeah. That's good. I Do. I I'm, I, I have to say, I'm in a moment in time right here as we're talking about, be very careful what you wish for because my life, you know, I wrote, I wrote a memoir last October. Yes, You did. Yes. Called Being Henry. Being Henry Being Henry. I love that News. So it was on the New York Times bestseller list. It was a New York Times bestseller for 11 weeks. 11 weeks.


Wow. Wow. Then I went to Australia to to to tour with the book. Yeah. And it became number one, and now they're taking me to Ireland, Scotland, and England on a book tour. Wow. So, oh my goodness gracious me. That's so cool. That's so cool. Congratulations. I can't forget we have to mention Detective Duck. 'cause the new one is coming out in October. The second one, The children's book. I, There're gonna be four. That's more my speed now is, Is this is Zipzer? No, Hank Zipzer was 28 in total. 28 books. Wow. 7 million copies sold 28 Individual novels, you know? Yeah. Then we, we wrote, here's Hank when he was in the second grade.


And here's Hank, I'll tell you, is really interesting because we use a font that has never been used before. Can you see? Yeah. Yeah. It makes it easier for the eye. Yeah. And the mind to connect like more Spread apart. Yeah. Wow. And a, a dad whose children were dyslexic developed it in Holland, the, the new font. And So that's a, that's a font and a style that dyslexics can, you know, can Read and stuff. It makes it so much easier. Sean got it to, to actually read it. The words are weighted on the page. Because a lot of times if you have a learning challenge, the words float or letters float, or you leave a word out.


This allows you to anchor your eyes. Henry, it doesn't matter. You could put, you could put that book, you could put that book in a Big Mac and Sean's not gonna read. Okay. So it doesn't matter what you do. No. I'll eat it. But I just think it's so incredible that you've got the world famous dyslexia, and yet you're one of the, one of the most world famous authors that there is. I mean, that, that happened and, and, and that you're a graduate of Yale and you have learning disability. It's just, it's so incredible what you've done with your life, the longevity of your career, your ability to maintain relevance. You know, Barry, you, you find, was that your first Emmy award?


That Was my first Emmy. Oh, wow. I won two daytime Emmys, but That was my first night. Yeah. But I, I mean, ha having so much success for so long and, and you're actually still escalating. There's still a peak, you know, now at this age. So it's just, yeah. You know, so admirable what you have continued to do. Thank you. Maintain doing. And, But I am, it, I'm not, it's not lost on me that this is my incredible life at. I'm not kidding. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah. I, I I I get you. You're, I get your appreciation. Yeah. It is sincere. I, I, I, I, I'm, I'm a believer. Well, What's great is you don't anymore. What's great is you come in and, you know, from my experience, you show up, you're the kind of guy, you show up every day on set, like it's a new opportunity.


It's a new day. You bring great energy. You always, you, you wanna laugh, you want to experience. You're very much in the moment at all times. You're one of those people. I love that about you. I really Do. Well, you know, I, I'll tell you something, you dream about it, you're told you will never achieve. Right. And then here I am in all these wonderful experiences. It, I, I'm, I'm overwhelmed. I'm overwhelmed. Right. And, I. Think when you lead with gratitude like you do, people are then drawn to you. And that's why you are a light that everybody loves and loves being around. Yeah. And through all of this, you've managed to have one of the most successful marriages in show business, which is No.


Yeah. Oh, that's next Wednesday. Oh, he's done Next Wednesday. Till Wednesday. Next Wednesday. So we're making news. Okay. Hey, listen, you had a good run, Stacey. You had a good run. But the kids are happy, you know, like, you know, just, she's Not gonna hear this, is she? No, No, no. She'll never hear this. She's in another room. I could say anything I want. Yeah. But I'm crazy about Max and Zoe. I don't know Jed, I don't think, I don't think I've met Jed, but you Know, Jed's great. I know Jed, as you know, I know Jed very well. Yes, yes. Yeah. He's a great dude. It was a promise I made to Stacey. I never wanted to duplicate parenthood the way I experienced it.


I, I, I'm just telling you That's true. Yeah. And, I made a promise that I would be a different father. And what I, the lesson I learned there is a herd child is a powerful child. Yeah. If, if they believe you're just listening that, that they exist. It, they, it just helps them fly to the sun. You know? That's your next book. Parenting a book about parenting. You should, you got That was good advice at the beginning when you were talking about the, the kids and stuff. Your kids. I'll buy it and read it. Henry, we love you. We do love you. I love you. You have, you've given us 60 minutes of your valuable life, and we really, really appreciate it.


Please hug and kiss your Entire family. You know, I'm so happy that you invited me. Oh, Well, it's long overdue. I'm sorry It took this one. Each one of you individually is very important to me. That's Very sweet. Who's your favorite? Who's your favorite? My favorite? Who's your favorite? Oh, I, I of these three? Yeah, Just tell me. Just tell me. Okay. I'm writing it down. Okay. Don't you misspell my name. God, we love you so, so much. We love you. I can't wait to come over for another yummy dinner. Yes. Continued success. You're the best. See, You. Just remember, yes. There is a seat at our table for each one of you. I, I'm coming over and Sean your hubby.


I know. I have to. I'm coming. Okay. John, You have a done. I would Love that. Love. Gotta do it. It's gonna have to be waffles and, and, and tuna fish, right? Yeah, exactly. Together. Again. Is that all you eat? Pretty Much. No. He'll eat anything. There's Henry, I'll Henry send, send our love to your whole family. To all the kids, to everybody. We love you guys. Yeah. Love. You know what, when you were here at our table and we had Scoop bagels with a melted cheese. Yeah. They don't make that cheese anymore. No Kidding. No. Altina. Stop making that cheese and it's never been the same. Listen, Altina, if you're listening, if you work at Altino right now, the Fons wants you to start making that fucking cheese again, right?


Yeah. Listen up. Yeah. So, hey, That white Ched, Hey, get on it. Let's get Alright, Henry. All right. See, love you. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank, thank you. You my best at home to everybody. Okay. Bye. Bye pal. Bye. Oh, If you guys got your act together, you might be able to live as successful and as warm and as nice a life as he has. Okay. Yeah. Don't you just, you know, just mind it. Okay. I, but g the gratitude thing is big. I remember walking down the street in Beverly Hills or West Hollywood or something, and there was a deli. I was walking into a deli and he was walking out and he's, and that's how I know it's all real, because he's exactly how he is in life as he was when we were just talking to him.


He's like that with anybody. It doesn't matter who you are or what you do, he's interested in what you do. He's, he's constantly talking to people. Yeah. Right. I mean, for 50 he's happy years. He's been a fucking icon and everybody, That's what happy looks like. Yeah. Yeah. But it's surprising though, because he's so, he's so recognizable. You would think that somebody like him had developed a, an ability, maybe even a habit of seeming somewhat standoffish so that people didn't approach him. But instead he's absolutely the opposite. It's, it's remarkable. It's amazing. He was self-aware enough to be grateful about that success so early on. Yeah. And then he found arguably even a bigger success with, with Barry. Yeah. I know here what, almost 50 years later And all the books that he wrote.


What do you wanna do to, to those books? Do you want like get 'em, do you wanna like lease them? Oh? my God? What do you wanna do? You wanna like rent them? You wanna lease It? You wanna rent? Or Do you want Gotta go somewhere for something? Do you have to go somewhere? Whatcha are you doing What you want? See, I was gonna do, I was gonna do instead of an a, I was gonna do a bay. Oh shit. That's good. That's good. You Guys are flying home today, huh? Yeah, we're on the same flight. Oh, that's Sean. You're on it. All right. Yeah, we're on the same flight. Love you both so much and an official. Bye. Bye everybody. Smart


SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less. If you like SmartLess, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App, or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey, it's Guy Raz here, the host of How I Built This. A podcast that gives you a front row seat to how some of the biggest products were built and the innovators, entrepreneurs and idealist behind them. Every week I speak to someone new stories like Justin Wilton's, a lawyer who just wanted a healthy alternative to ice cream. So he created Halo Top in his Cuisinart or Todd Graves who grew his fried chicken restaurant raising canes into one of the most successful fast food chains in the us. All of these great conversations can help you learn how to think big, take risks, and navigate crises in life and work from people who've done all of that. And more Follow how I built this on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can listen to how I built this early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.