
The city will be his starring Academy Award nominee Colin Farrell as Oz Cobb, AKA, the penguin. The eight episode HBO original limited series continues the epic crime saga that began with the global blockbuster, the Batman. Don't miss the show. Everyone will be talking about The Penguin premieres this Thursday at 9:00 PM on max.


Good Evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Mark Zio. And on behalf of SiriusXM, I want to thank you so much for coming out to Steven Talkhouse for a very special, very intimate episode of SmartLess. Here We go. Here we go. We go. That's up. Smart. Less smart, less You guys. Hi everybody. Welcome. Thank You for being here. We, you guys aren't really fans.


You're friends of ours. Yeah. So that's very nice. Nice of you to show ups. Nice. Thank you. Everybody drive all the way out here to Long Island. Pay Nothing Really nice. Pay nothing. Right. The First sit here and be like, all right. Yeah. Entertain us. We're very excited to be doing like, so we're gonna do four live shows year every year. Every year. You know, we're gonna do the, the, We're open to less, Scott, but that's fine. We do the regular sort of podcast on the, on the, on the computer thing, right? Yeah. The what, what do you watch it here? Listen to it on whatever it is. Yeah. And then we're gonna do four lives. This is our first one very excited about, on top of that, we've got our white whale to like, this is the, and people would ask me like, who, who have you not interviewed that you want to Howard Stern?


'cause he doesn't do this. And he's the man. Yeah. He is the man. Like, no. We feel, we feel very, very blessed that, that he, and we'll get into that in a second. Yeah. Is that your intro? No. Yeah. I don't have an intro. Sean's got an intro. Look at the cards. I wrote a bunch of, Hang on. I do wanna say, I do wanna say something. So I'm like, I'm like Fanning. Who's the little Dakota Fanning? When she was a little girl, she was really over prepared in the best way. I did Cat in the Hat with her. Go on. We got something to trim already. Yeah. The audience is riveted by that story. Fucking what? Dakota fanning. Well, She's really, she was really smart For everybody and Prepared. I love that about her.


But everybody knew e everybody here knows who our guests is gonna be. So there are not a lot of surprises. Yeah. So there is one surprise that we do have today just to kind of get the, everybody warmed up to get us warmed up a little bit. Yeah. Somebody Sean you don't know about. Oh yeah. You know that. Don't worry. Not your dad. We still can't find him. Ah, It's so fun. 'cause he left. Yeah. Top speed. Oh, You know, he came to The, the tears are still wet, huh? He Ca But I, And I would tell you he came, he came to the last show of goodnight. Oscar in Chicago. Yeah. Did I ever tell you that? You wanna walk us through that? This is kind of a sad story. I don't know if this we want. Yeah. But anyway, we can get back to that again.


Keep going. That's A true story. He did, right? He Came to the last show. I didn't even know he was gonna go backstage. No, no. It was wild. go ahead. Did he have notes? Yes. Yes. He emailed them to me. That is pretty weird. Wait, Did you see him? I didn't. My sister. He, he Tracy? Yes. My my, that's correct. He emailed my, or sorry, he posted on Facebook that he went to the last show and that's all he wrote. And my sister to bait him. Like, don't you wanna say something about your son that you haven't seen in 75 years? He said, you look great. You look great. Yeah. By the Way, 75. And he just wrote back Oscar Levan, just like I remembered him. That was it? Isn't that Wow.


Anyway, how long Have you not seen him? 40 years. And he's in the theater with you? Yes. You just started something. He didn't stick around. No. And say No. What A, what a Treat. And then wait and then, and then check this out. Two gay guys came up to Scotty in the audience. 'cause Scotty was there. And the, are you Scotty? That's not, that's not the whole Story. No. Okay. They came up to Scotty and they said, they said, oh, I just wanna let you know we live next door to Shawn's dad. And I. Understand. They don't see eye to eye. Was that a shot at your mom? No. For those of you who don't know, Shawn's mom famously has one fake eye.


Yes. Hat, hat, hat, hat, Hat. 'cause hilariously, she died. So Sean should be an ax murderer. Right? I mean, but he, well, Let's see how this goes. The nicest guy, he's the kindest. We love him. Well, we all Have, we love, we all have skeletons. go ahead. One-eyed Parrot. One I parents. But, so we do have one surprise tonight, just so you know, to try to bring us outta the hole of Sean's upbringing. So I, I've asked the guy to come here tonight just to do a little something before we get going. Are you serious? Are you serious? I swear to God. Yeah. He's, he's an Emmy winner. He's a finalist on America's Got Talent. He's been on the Jimmy Fallon program amongst others.


Is that what It's called? The program? It's called the Jimmy Fallon Program. That's what the producers tell me. I don't know. There he is. Jimmy. Thank you. Jimmy. Please don't stand up now. Please don't sit. Please, Mr. Fallon. Mr. Fallon beg you to sit down. Thank you. To sit down. Fucking love it. God, we saw It wasn't an intro. Jimmy. We get it. You're on NBC. Yeah. And you own Wayfarers. Yeah. By the way, Jimmy, on all seriousness, you're a great in Jurassic world. I thought That was great. Down again. Again, down. But he is, he's done so many things. He's No, she's not here, man.


She didn't make it. She's working on her stuff. He's, he's one of the worst world's most sought after mentalists. He's worked with clients raging from a-list. Celebrities, heads of state, fortune 500 companies. Guys, please welcome the amazing os Perman. Just kick us off Guys. Something Special for us. my God. What? I didn't know. Yes. Not Dakota Fanning. Unfortunately. I know This Is a surprise to Sean. Sean knows nothing. No, He was waiting to be his dad. I'm sorry. Sean. Wait, Can I tell you something? Tell me. He sends me clips of you all the time. I'm, That's what Will told me. I'm Obsessed. I think this is amazing. Let's see What I've got. Doesn't know anything about this. Sean has no idea. This is wild. Wait, Will you have my phone number, right?


Yeah. And my email address. Yeah. I got it all. I don't, I don't like clips of things. Do you know who this is? Do you know who this is? You're too grouchy. He, he sort of clued me into it. It's our SmartLess am mobo today, right? Yes. Yes. Yeah. Wait, this is so cool. Cool. This is, here's what Jason, supposedly I read minds, but if I'm gonna know how people think. Yeah. Right. And you to know what they're thinking at the same time. This is, here's Will's skill. Everybody. Where are my SmartLess fans in the room? Come on. Where Will Notoriously knows dates, years behind. Yes. Everything you tell him June, 2006, he knows what he is wearing. That's right. Jason can't remember what he had for breakfast today. That's, am I right? That's right. That's right. Sean. Weby. Award winner. Best host. I thought you Were gonna say Sean ate Jason's Breakfast. Yes. That might have been. Here's What I want you to do.


I'm putting tasks, putting tasks out there. You're going back in time thinking of somebody that these guys would not know somebody from your past. That they would not. You know what, Jason, go back in time. Think of the first girl you ever had a big crush on. Think to how old you were at the time. I got it. And tell them. 'cause if I'm listening to this on my podcast right now, I'm saying this is set up. This is fake before today. And me asking you to think of her. Has it been days, months, or years since this person popped in your mind? Years. Years. Yeah. They didn't even know it was gonna be on the show. Count the number of letters in her first name. Just yourself. No, don't use your fingers. Jason. I can see your fingers. Okay. You're yelling at me.


I'm fucking nervous that you're gonna guess it. And. I'm gonna be all freaked out. This is, this is coming out at your time. Howard. Five letters. Was it five letters? Yes. I watched your eyes. Okay. He has not thought of this person in years. This is not set up. 'cause if it was, it'd be going better. Tell us all, for everybody listening, I have written down everybody in the room, don't say the name, but if you can see what I wrote down, clear as day. Everybody in the room say, yeah. Yeah. Close your eyes for me, Jason. Close your eyes. But if you Get this, you see it like I'm, you're gonna be in my life the rest of my life. That's, That is what I do. I'm never gonna let you Go like a splinter that doesn't leave. Wow. Clearly you let her go. But go ahead.


You haven't thought of her in years. I wrote it down. Everybody in the room has seen it. How old were you at the time? Jason? 14. 14. And tell us, what was this young lady's name? Paula. I wrote down Paula 14. For those who can't see Jason's face, he is in shock. Yeah. Yeah. Like, but like, why aren't you a Trillionaire on Wall, wall Street? That's My former job. Will will. You thought you're Wasting this at Steven Talkhouse. I'm monetizing. We're in the Hamptons. Jason, trust me, I'm monetizing. Will Will. You're back in time. Yeah. You're thinking of somebody. Jason's shook up, by the way. I wish they could see his face and not just hear the text of his voice.


That's the most surprised his face gets, by the way. Yes. You know. What do you think your face is doing right now? Smiling. It's very good when He's smiling. Sean, how about this? Alright. You read his mind. You were so confident with Jason. And then you had no idea. Just see his cookies. Is there any way in the world will that Sean knows Who popped in your head when I asked you to think of somebody from your past? No. Okay. Take a pad of paper. Yep. Sean. Here's the game plan. God, I'm so Scared. I need you to act. Good luck. Sean. Look at my hands. Yeah. And can you tell everybody listening in, I'm gonna pretend in a moment, I have a crystal ball in my hand. Do I actually have anything in my hands?


Zero. Nothing. Everyone in the audience, is there anything in my hands? No. Sean will swear up and down that he saw a crystal ball appear in my hands and in it. The name of your friend. As a kid or whoever this person is. Have you written down a name? I have. Can anybody see it right now? Other than you? I don't think so. Sean look into Will's soul and tell him Good luck. What name did you see in that crystal ball? Tell him what, before I walked in here, we spoken a word in our life. Sean. Never tell him. Who's he thinking of? Say it Scott. You Fucking what? Turn It around. Show the audience. Fucking what? I can't hear you in this room. Are we're seeing the same show?


How is that possible? How is that possible? Holy Shit. That is unbelievable. Thank you very much for having me, guys. Huge fan. Huge fan. Incredible. So guys, how do you introduce a man who needs no introduction? Because he's one of the most famous people on the planet. Plus he's on the poster outside. He's the king of all media. The interviewer of all interviewers. The winner of best hair in America, four years in a row. He's a great artist. A great P painter. More sincere. Yeah. No, And. I lost my thing. And he is incredible. He's the most amazing person.


And now his home for 20 years has been Sirius xm, which is now ours, which makes us roomies. It's the most incredible icon of all time. Howard Stern ever. Yes. Oh man. You know, wait, we do all my years in radio. Yes. Nothing works better on radio than magic. Yeah, Sure. Yeah. You guys are onto something. I was, it's a Great note. I told you Anette Not a good idea. I don't want to come off like an expert.


You know, I've only, I've only been doing this for like 50 years. But Yeah. You've also made Howard the second guest. I Remember When's the last time you weren't the lead Guest? I know. And I Remember having amazing Cresco on. And the audience, the audience was amazed as I described Everything That was going on in the room. Yeah. The play by play was unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. He made a table lift. And, I go. If you were here now, you'd see a table lifting off the ground. And people like, no wonder this is such a great radio show. We proud, first of all, welcome to SiriusXM. Yes, thank you. The glorious world of SiriusXM. Yeah. I'm a huge fan of the company. So welcome.


Yeah. You know, I, I don't even know how long I've been with SiriusXM since It started. You started it. Wow. When I started we had 200,000 subscribers. Yeah. And I remember walking around in, I don't even know where I was. Somewhere in Manhattan handing out radios for free, hoping that someone would take one. Yeah. And it was a harrowing experience leaving terrestrial radio and coming to Sirius. But it was the best decision I ever made. And you weren't allowed, you weren't allowed to talk about it too. Right. When you were refer, when you were at the very end there when you were on retrial radio. I remember that. Yeah. It was a very strange time in my career. I was on regular radio. Yeah. And I somehow convinced them that I would be okay if I talked about the fact that I was leaving regular radio and going to satellite radio.


And then they told me, okay. They said, don't mention Sirius Radio, just call it something else. So we called it And, But what you did for it though, 'cause because we had all sort of heard the satellite radio was coming. And, I was a little circumspect. And I. Hold. Just say, which one are you? You're Jason. I'm Jason. Jason. That's Jason. It was like, I don't know if I want satellite. I gotta get a different radio for that. But when you went to satellite, it was like, oh, it's okay. Now I'm gonna go. It was like when Fincher went to Netflix, it was like, oh, You do forget. 'cause things move rather rapidly. But it was a very strange time because there was an effort by regular radio to say, what a failure I would be.


Right. And they were putting out that anyone who went to satellite radio, your career would be over. You would disappear forever. And the, and the, you know, so there was this big campaign to, you know, discredit satellite radio. Yeah. But I knew deep in my heart that satellite radio would be successful. And now I look around, everybody's got a fucking microphone in their house. Right. Everybody's on the radio. You three. I know. It's ridiculous. You wanna hear the most aggravating thing. Right. But, but Howard, I do love you guys, but yeah. Couple things. Jason And, I. And the only person I didn't know was Sean. Right. It's nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. And. I. I do want to ask you about your classical piano.


And I want to ask you about your guitar play. Yes. I'm, I'm most impressed with the, your classical piano. Well, you guys will get some time after the interview. No, but, but here's the thing I want to tell you. That annoying. Yeah. Can I tell you this? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Jason was over my house. And I have mad respect for Jason. I think he a, a fabulous actor. Incredible. The one of the best wonderful guy. He overcome a million, a great time for you to come to Justin, hear the problems he had. Oh, he is, Had a lot of problems. A lot of fucking problems. A Lot. And he still has a bunch. Yeah. Yeah. He, he's got a lot of problems. Look at him. We could go on all day. But, you know, I'm talking to Jason and I'm, I'm feeling very good about my own career and everything. And Jason goes, you know, man, it's crazy. We like started this thing out of our basement, like a radio show.


And I'm like, oh, here we go. Yeah. Cool. And he goes, yeah, we started a thing. And like, it was just the three of us sitting around and we talk and we just crack each other up and everything. I don't know what's gonna happen with it, man, but it's, they're telling me it's like the biggest thing ever. Oh shit. I didn't say that. Oh, yeah. No Way. Oh yeah, you did. Yeah. So, so I go, oh, this is great. Again, I spent my life Yes. Like, like begging people to put me on the radio. It was rarefied air. If you even were allowed on the, you had to work on your voice, this and that. You had to work on the content. You had to make sure you get people these clowning around. Yeah. Yeah. So listen, it's over. What can I, I Know, but you talk about, you, you hide your talk about perfection. You hide Your bitterness really Well.


You talked about, oh, I'm so bitter. So bitter. Yeah. Right. You talk about perfecting your craft. So how did you first meet the Wack Pack? Oh, There, oh, that's an excellent question. It is. I wanna know, because you, you you did, you found like the craziest group of people, a available and put them together. How did that come together? The Whacker? Listen, when I was on the radio Yeah. And it, it was, it, it was brutal. In order to get an audience and to maintain an audience, every 15 minutes they take the ratings in radio. It isn't like this. Like, where you go, you know what, we have a lot of people listening. You know, it could be three people listening to this. Nobody knows. Nobody cares. Right. Right. But you're on the radio and every 15 minutes they take ratings.


Right. And what are you gonna do to hold people's attention? But You found all these people like this, like, kind of, but, But, but look, I found people that I was interested in. Right. I'll never forget the day I was on the radio, And I took a little bathroom break, And I walked by my green room, the lights went up. I'm looking at the room and there he is. Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice. Yeah. You know, my sh Jason, you ever hear my show was okay? Well, in high school I listened to it a lot. There was a guy named Beetlejuice, who's very popular, even to this day on the internet. Right. It's insanely popular.


Yeah. Right, right. So, you know, I said, this guy's a star. He's gonna be fantastic. Yeah. He's quiet so they don't hear. Right. Quiet. This guy's gonna be a star. This guy's gonna be a star. And sure enough, he was No, I mean, I was always looking for interesting people. Yeah. Yeah. I have a question about that. And early, early on, where did you get the balls to not give a shit about the consequences of what you were saying and what you were doing on air. Where do you get that from? Because do you think you would have that now if you started your career now with the same personality? I, since we live in cancel culture. go Ahead. I believe I was technically insane. I mean, I don't, I I can't even like Self-sabotage.


Like you had like this Level of in difference. No, not self sabotage. Well, here's the truth. In my family words meant nothing. My mother would say actions only mean anything. And I, I guess I took her literally. Yeah. Howard, what would you consider would be the, the, the sort of the turning point in your career where you kind of broke through? Because again, you started, you had all these, you you sort of, you, you keyed into this kind of thing, you know, with, with odd characters on your show. But, but what was the turning point where you felt like you broke through to a bigger Audience? I had a miserable failure in Detroit. I got hired to be the morning man at WW ww in Detroit. Which, Which Are the worst call letters for a radio station.


I get on there and go ww ww Detroit W four. Wow. I don't know what I'm doing. So I, I, I was, I was hired to be the morning man. I had had some success in Hartford. Not a huge success, but success. Yeah. And I got hired in Detroit. And there was a radio consultant who said to me, do not go to Detroit. There are four rock stations. And out of the four, the one that they wanna hire you at dead last, nobody even, I would go to parties and people would say, what do you do for a living? I'd say, oh, I'm the morning guy in W four. They'd go, oh, is that station still on the air? Nobody listened to this thing. W Four was a short version of ww, Www W four Detroit's w four, the worst station. So yeah, I went on the radio in Detroit.


It was a tremendous failure. And I said, what am I doing wrong? And I sat with it. And I thought, I've got to really just, I, I guess lose all inhibition and admit to everything and just see where that goes. And when I went to Washington DC you Kinda hit, fuck it. It was like, you, it was not going great. And it was like, might as well throw it all against the Wall. But I have to give the credit to also Robin Quivers. I met her in Washington and she was phenomenal. Hey Robin, the chemistry was great. And a program director put us together. And I went on the air with her. And, I started to become very confessional. And people respond. We, we shot up to number one in a record amount of time because it Was real and honest and yeah.


And so That was the moment when you started getting really real about your own life. Yeah. That started to change it. Yes. And did you, did you notice being real about your life? Because so much, you know, anybody who's listening to the show knows that you talk about what's going on in your life, what you did on the weekend, you new haircut, new clothes, Whatever. Yeah. Let's like, wait a second. Talk about, I, I was masturbating at least three times a day and Talking about it. I was trying to like, not, my kids are here so I'm not Oh, sorry. And. I'm not sure there's been a new, how many Do you have? Exactly. I mean, we're looking into it, but the, the point is, We gotta find out The point is, is you talked, There's Jimmy Found, you talked about, you talked about so much about your, your personal life. Was there a point where talking about your personal life hurt your relationship?


I don't mean necessarily even romantic. I mean, hurt relationships because people were nervous about talking to you. Yeah. They like at a party, or, or I know. Well, Well, it hurt everything. It hurt my, I but I didn't care. Right. All I cared about was my job. Right. Keeping that job and getting audience and ratings. And that is, that is a disaster. But you wave On, on the street and go like, Hey. And they're like, fuck man. I don't wanna say hi to 'em. 'cause it's going to, I'm gonna end up on the show Tomorrow. Yes. I mean, people thought not only that, I went through a very strange period of time. I don't wanna get all heavy about this because let's do it. Everyone knows this show is not heavy. No, no. I don't wanna get Sean. We're gonna make you cry before You're out here. Okay, well, I'll do that.


I, what, what it was is that I was very insecure about my career. I wanted this thing to take off in the worst way. And so I, I even had a policy about I stayed in my home after I did my show. I never went out. I was insane. So I didn't wanna meet anyone in show business because I didn't, if people, because I was talking on the air about a lot of people, And, I didn't want. So I just stayed in my house. I planned the radio show, did it, and went home. And, and, and the stuff I was doing was so outrageous and so entertaining to the audience that it blew up. I mean, in New York, we had right, 25 million listeners and one out of every four cars on the Long Island Expresso, he was listening to me.


Wow. Wow. That's crazy. And was pretty phenomenal. But you have no, you, but, but, but I had no life. But, but don't applaud. I had no life. But Howard, but Howard, where's Bradley Cooper? He's so good looking. But Howard, that shifted that if I Looked like that, I wouldn't have to go on the radio and say shit. And we will be right back. So Jason will


And I sometimes compete without knowing it about what guests can come on the show. Because a lot of the times our lists will be very similar. But while there's sometimes competition to see who can get a particular guest first on the show, if you're a business owner who's hiring, it's more intense. You're competing against other business owners to find top talent first to help your business thrive. How do you edge out the competition? ZipRecruiter. And now you can try for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter's technology helps you snatch up the most coveted candidates immediately after you post your job. ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology starts showing you qualified people for it. Break into better, faster hiring with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. And now it's a steal. Try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


So you know, Steve Martin and Marty Short are like my comedy heroes. And they're the comedy duo who gets it done and the perfect duo when it comes to growing your business. That's you and Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage, all the way to did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling soap or sand or soap sand Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, up to 36% better compared to other leading commerce platforms. And sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star Shopify powers. 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Plus Shopify's extensive help Resources are there to support your success every step of the way. Because businesses that Grow, grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ SmartLess now to grow your business. No matter what stage you're in shopify.com/ SmartLess.


Wayfair is the go-to destination for everything tailgating, no matter your style or budget. Everything you need to celebrate game day, whether you're in the lucky spot on your sofa or tailgating in the stadium parking lot from fan headquarters to the fortress of the Grill Master. Make your space truly yours. Shop grills, patio furniture, cornhole sets, and more go-tos for game day. Wayfair makes it easy with fast and free shipping. Even on the big stuff, they'll even help you set it up. You know, I'm not the biggest sports fan, but I am a fan of eating a lot of food. So you can bet the next time that there's like a sporting event that we're invited to, or I'm gonna go to Will's house, we're gonna watch soccer or whatever. I'm gonna check out Wayfair and get the grilling stuff. We're gonna get some game stuff. We're gonna get like the cornhole thing. I love Corn Hole. I just played cornhole for the first time at the family reunion. I'm like totally addicted. So I'm gonna buy a cornhole thing at Wayfair and I'm gonna impress everybody. Pick your all star lineup of tailgating essentials@wayfair.com or get the Wayfair mobile app.


And now back to the show. How Howard, that shifted though, because, and it was about, I'm gonna say almost 10 years ago, maybe a little bit more where you started hanging out with a lot of people and your life changed your heart. Yeah. And you became kind of one of the people that used to talk in a certain way. Right? Not one of the people, but you became friends with a lot of people. I did. I just, and you allowed celebrities into your life. You became friends with people like Jason Bateman from TV and film who we all love. Well, My, my dream was to be friends with Jason Bateman. Sure. There's only one way I'm gonna get this Guy side. It's our dream too. But it shifted. Like I remember back in the, I mean, years ago, you remember we used to call it Chevy Chase's house all the time.


She used to drive him crazy. Yeah. I'm I He I told you I was insane. I know. And but then it changes it. 'cause you have to meet those people. Yes. Right out in the world. Well, Chevy ended up coming to my wedding, which is even more important. Come on that true And I got up Yes. And got up to make a, a a, a beautiful speech to to to myself and my bride. And then, and then stated to the audience that I had given him herpes in Wow. Which was really weird. Wow. But, but, but I loved it. I but your audience is bigger today than it's ever been. And you are not doing all of those sort of shocking things. You're doing, you're doing measured deep conversations, long form interviews with very sophisticated people.


And like, so Well, because I think any good performer, and you guys are, are, are great performers. And you know this, you must evolve the show. The, the show. You know, I used to say this now, rush Limbaugh, forget the politics. You know, he had a, a very big following, but it was the same thing every day. You could predict what he was going to say, but some people Like that because it's like comfort and Whatever. Hey, comfort to them. But for me as a, a performer, I felt I want the show to be funny. I also want to be able to interview people. I want it to be broader. And I made a conscious decision to shift the show and change it around. And to me it was way more exciting because the, the, the common thought was, well, Howard will go to satellite and now the show's gonna be so fucking filthy and everyone's gonna be outta their mind and it's gonna, and the strippers are gonna be able to fuck on the air.


And I Did, Did you, did you miss those constraints? Sorry. No, the constraints. By having the constraints off, I said, well, then it's no longer funny. Exactly. You know, if you, regular radio was funny. The government was trying to shut me down. That was drama. And that's fun. That's tension, right? Yeah. But then I got to satellite. The tension wasn't there. So what do you do now that you have the ultimate freedom? Right. And And I decided to shift the show. And I ultimately am more interested in the show now than I And I would say that it would in, in a compliment to you that it was less deliberate or contrived or strategic for you to, oh, let's switch it up now and give the audience something they're not gonna expect. I I think it's And I haven't known you for, you know, a thousand years, but it does seem pretty obvious that you have naturally just evolved into a more curious, serious, not as a pejorative person who's interested in different kinds of questions and with different kinds of people.


Make it simpler People. Let's make simpler, let's make it Simpler. You know, it wasn't like, it would be really Creepy to be my age and still doing a, a, a show the way I did it when I was 30. I was 30. I was, You weren't doing it as a ratings ploy. You were being sincere and genuine. And you thought, thought all I thought I was funny. Yeah. And I always had this idea that we could be really funny on the radio. That radio didn't have to be a bastardized. Now, I mean now, now it wasn't a rating. And I could still, and you are hands down the best interviewer in all of media. All thank you. It's true. Without a doubt. You take The compliment, Howard, I'm taking The compliment matter. My psychiatrist, my psychiatrist said, you should be able to take a compliment. This is what I'm doing.


Yeah. Like, not, not, not, not, it doesn't matter whether it's comics or athletes or musicians or, or, or actors or whatever it is. You, you, you, you question them for us as I love that aspect. And it's a layman's point of view. And it's, it's very curious. And you're listening. You don't have a, you have a bunch of fucking cards with questions on it. You're engaged in a conversation. And it was a true inspiration for us. It really was. Sean is holding up all his cards, by the way, let's, Let's let Sean get a question. He wrote Sean Sean. I literally, I have pages of them because I don't know. Sean, And, I don't really know each other. That's Why I wrote all this stuff down. And I start. And my research of you, because I am a big fan. I found all these things that we actually do have in common growing up issues with our dad.


You don't like Italy, which you just went with Jimmy Kimmel. I didn't want to go either. Right. We're gonna get, I want to I bullying with you. Wait, wait. Bullying. Like, as a kid, I was bullied too. And not for being Jewish, but for being gay. He's gonna get to The question. And I was oddly, I was bullied for being gay. And I wasn't. That's crazy. I got bullied for everything. Well, I say I'm Not gay. Well, we're, we're sorry to see you leave. Leave that side. You Seem very gay. But the thing that I I thought was fascinating. My mom had a glass eye. Your dad had a glass eye. And neither one of us, what, neither one of us was allowed to talk about it. Can can I ask you a Question? Can you wait one second. Is your mom still alive? Is your mom still alive?


No, she's dead. Okay. My father died two years ago. I know. I'm sorry. That about that. I wanna ask you a question. What would you I wanted this is what would you do? She has it. Forget these other two guys. I'm asking you 'cause you had a mother with a glass eye. Yeah. So my father had this glass eye. And I could go into that for three hours. I could Same. Right? Same. There's so many things. It's so fucking heavy. It's So great. But it's also, it's also funny. But when he died, I was given a box of his stuff. I, yes. And it What do you mean? Oh yeah. I told you you shouldn't have an audience at this guy, By the way. This is, I I open up the box. Yeah, of course. And it's my father's glass eyes. Wait a minute. The same thing. Who, when my, when my, when my mom died, my sister passed it around and repackaged it.


Here's each one of us. We open all, we got something from my sisters, my mom's fucking eye. Here Comes the question, here comes the question. Yeah. So I, I go to my wife, I say, I got this eye, the Great Beth Beth, the great, my beautiful Beth Beth Stern. Where is she, honey? Where's Beth? Where's Beth? Oh, there she is. Oh, there, she's, Oh, I love you so much. Hi Beth. Nice to meet you. I've heard such great things. So anyway, here's the thing. So I turn to my wife, And I say to my wife, What? You know, I don't know, I'm, I go, And I. Open it up. And my father's eye was such a taboo subject. My father never talked to me about anything. That's right. And I. One time I asked my mother, does dad have a glass? And she said, last to me, you, that's your father's story.


Don't ask me. And I'm like, what? Fuck. How old were you? The fuck old? I was a a, a kid. How old? Okay, here's the deal. How old were you when you, when you still didn't know whether your dad's eye was glass? They wouldn't talk. And did it blink shut? Did it blink shut? Or did did it stay open? Did it blink shut or stay open? It It stayed mostly open. And, and, and also things would you needed to confirm. My, my mom were kinda Shades like a sort of like a tinted glasses. Something. It wasn't a confirmation of the glass eye. I wanted to know what happened with my father. That's right. Yes. But I wasn't allowed to add, my father would blow up if everyone was afraid. He'd get really angry. He could throw that eye at you. He could. Yeah. But my, but here's my Question. Yeah. So What, so now I have the eye And I said to my wife, I need to find that how to, I can't just take my father's eye and throw it in the garbage.


Like there might be laws against that. I don't know. Right. Are there? I don't know. So why wouldn't you wanna save it as a keepsake? No, dad. No, no, no. It's Beth wears. It's a cat to now. So Beth, she's got it in. She's got it in a lock it around her mouth. She brought It here for you guys. No, it's a So she says to me, throw it in the ocean. What? I go, I'm gonna throw. I'm not, Imagine My father's eye Washing. Your dad's never seen the ocean. Yeah. He loved the ocean. So what did you do with the eyes? My question? What did you do? Well, I got it sitting in a box. Yeah, course you do. You gotta hold tossing in the fucking ocean. No, no. My mom, John, you brought yours on stage. My mom. So it was same. We weren't allowed to ask about it.


Irish Catholic. Same as Jewish. You just don't talk. You Right. You stuff it all down. So There's our headline Irish Catholic. Same as Jewish. Absolutely. That's our, we got, we got our That's of this episode. And so, and my mom, there Are a few difference between Irish Catholic, just a couple, But not gays and juice. Right. But so my mom, we weren't allowed to. So my whole life I was like, I'd be at the store and my, this checkout girl at the counter would be like staring at my mom's eye. I'm like, mom, they're staring at your eye. Shh. Just shut up. Right, right. So then 10 years old, 20 years old, 30 years old, 35 years old. Finally, I'm like, mom, what happened to your eye? What ha. And she still didn't wanna talk about it. I found out after she died, she had cancer in the eye. They took it out two years old.


Wow. They, and then as she grow older, this gets really gross and funny. As she gets older, she gets my, my sister And I read the medical reports. They took skin from her vagina to reshape her eye as she grew older. And then my oldest brother goes, I knew when I got upset with her, I wanted to fuck her in the eye. God. Wow. It's true. We make it's duck. It's done. That's it. This show has to be canceled. They ridiculous. That is very offensive. No, I, I made a terrible joke about that once she, a long time ago. But I'm not gonna repeat it here. What you, By, by, by the way, we're all talking about being honest. That's an honest story. I love it. That's true story. Yeah. And that's us making jokes about painful things.


Yes. She Was, We did her complaint after that. She thought that everybody looked like a cunt. Right? Isn't that what she said When I was, did she Famously say That Was when I was a little kid. I was five years old. Hey, how, sorry. Yeah, go ahead. There was a, a guy on my block, a kid on my block. 5-year-old kid said to me, he came up to me, He said, my parents told me Your father has a glass eye. I was so freaked out. Yeah. We got into a fist fight. I did. It's probably the only fight I ever won. I Yeah. Was five. I beat him up five. So yeah, it was crazy. And, and, and, but I could never ask. My father wasn't approachable like that. That's why it was so much mystery. Did you ever Get the story? Yes, I did. It was crazy story to story. What happened was, I was so curious about the eye and everything about my father, because I didn't know him.


I would sneak into his room when they would leave the house, which was infrequent. Nobody ever left my house. And you would, you know, so no one could figure out the lock. So my, my father kept his eye with his porno. So the eyes Wait, what? My father had porno, you know, like he had some erotic books and things. You know, my sure if you, if you met my mother, she's not exactly putting up my mother. My mother once said to me, you know, I prefer to be celibate, but your father has needs And, I go. Really? That's gross. Oh. But fucking somebody in the eye was in go Ahead. It was books, no movies, no tapes. It was books back then. And the books were, the books were wacky, but the eye was staring at me.


And I wanted to read the erotic books. So I was all freaked out about it. The, the, the, the eye. But then finally it pops it out to go To sleep. I don't know what went on, but in all seriousness, I finally talked to my mother about it. She wouldn't tell me, but I broke her down. Yeah. And it was a terrible accident. When my father was young, he was, he put some film in a, in a bottle and the bottle exploded. He, he lit it and it exploded in his eye when he was a little kid. And it Oh, wow. Yeah. So, and my father had a, a fabulous attitude about his eye in the sense that he, he, I didn't see any evidence that he saw himself as handicapped. You know? Yeah. He did his thing. So was he just proud? Was that the thing? He just didn't wanna I think he, I think it was a big pain and, you know, for him in his life.


Yeah. Seriously. A seriously big pain, you know? Wow. And yeah, it was a big issue. Yeah. My mom would sleep. You know, her eye was constantly open. So when she slept, she'd be like, you know, like this And I would approach the bed. And I did. I'd be like, mom, oh, she's sleeping. Oh no, she's not sleeping. Oh, she's awake. Like, I didn't know whether, I'm like, can I get a glass of water? Oh, oh, you're sleeping. Like, it was constantly just like that. It was crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And then we would, we would Where is the, I now My sister has it in a box. Do you, is it like a timeshare? Do you get it? Like, No, but do you get it? Like, If you want it for the holidays, you, we Sure I could do it.


She could pass it around. We did. We won. Really quick question. I've said this on the show before, but we used to take, my mom used to go bowling on Thursday nights, and we used to go upstairs. We used to invite friends over and we'd have chain on the door, and we'd go upstairs and get her extra eyes. She had two. Yes. And we in the box, and we'd get her, and they'd knock on the door and knock, knock, knock. And we'd open it just as much as the chain would go. And we'd stick the eye out and go, who's there with the eye Anyway. I wouldn't have risked that in my house. That's fun. Yeah. It is Fun. It's fun but dangerous with, you know. Yeah. If you knew my dad. Tell me about Italy and Jimmy Kimmel. Did you like Italy? I know you didn't want To go. Well, I, I'll give you an exclusive. Yeah. It was, and this is the most boring answer ever.


It was actually a bad question because I loved it. I don't have anything to bitch about. You didn't think you were gonna love it? No. Way. I don't like to travel. I'm perfectly happy sitting at home. And if I wanna see Italy, I'll go on the internet. Look at picture pictures. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I can, but you know, I, I went to Paris once. And, I was like the Eiffel Tower. And I saw it. I'm like, got it. Ready to go home. Yeah. Yeah. It looks like the movies and the postcards got it. It looks the same. Yeah. We, yeah. We, we we had a great time, time. Holly somehow convinced you and Beth that this is gonna be great. No, I had said, you know, my wife wanted to travel. And I And I wanted, you know, to, I wanted to be a human being for my, I mean, I can't, I can't be in a marriage and if my wife wants to travel, I can't say, well, go ahead. Once a year she gets out. So you got, you go.


And we ended up having a very romantic time, honey. Right. Romantic romance was in the air. Romance happened. And, and barely confirming that listening. I know. Yeah. Poor woman. Imagine. You know, think about It, about That was a nod. That was, imagine, you know, imagine me crawling on top of you in Florence. I mean Okay. It's Like a praying mantis attacking you. So I felt for the woman. I did, I did. But she's a good s took her like a champ. Jesus And I felt horrible. I felt horrible. But honey, it wasn't so bad. Right. It was over quick. You're the king of the insects. You're like, woo. Yeah. Yeah. I was like, oh, ba like the flight.


Brindle fly. You know, Howard, do you have any, is there any one interview you have that you regret? Is there anyone that you're like, Oh, many. Many. Yeah. Yeah. What's the one you regret the most? Well, Because I was an asshole many times, but you know, when I was on regular radio, terrestrial radio, whatever you want to call it, I didn't have the faith that if I did an interview that my audience would hold. We had something like a 10 share, a number one in New York. And I thought, well, if someone comes on the air and they're talking, I could hear the radios clicking off that the only thing that might be compelling is if, you know, I was doing my thing. Right. Which means I was not trusting of other people. That other people might have talent. So there were people, And I, I've written about this, the fabulous most wonderful Robin Williams, for example, came on my show.


Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, I remember that. Remember that? And I just was ridiculously insulting. And why? Because I was trying to be funny. Robin Williams is way funnier than I am. Let him be funny. Right. But being the insecure child that I was and, and somehow having some connection with an audience where I was intuitive and thinking I could hear when they're turning off the radios, I, i, if, if somebody gave a long answer or wasn't moving fast enough, the rhythm wasn't right. Yeah. I could hear the radios clicking off. And so I really had no business having guests on. It is funny. You're really, you're really honest about that in your self-assessment of, of, of that time in your life now that you're older.


And is that just a, a, a, a, a result of getting older? Or is this a result of doing a Lot of work? It's a result of leaving terrestrial radio and going to satellite. It's suddenly dawned on me, oh, I work for a company now that has a hundred something channels. As long as the, the, the person who's paying for a subscription is happy with the product. And if they're listening to me, you know, I'm doing a long form interview. And if it's not their cup of tea, they can go to a different channel on our service. And that freed me, that liberated me because it wasn't about me necessarily holding the audience the pressure. If you enjoy listening to Robin Williams, great. Then we have you as a listener.


But if you don't, there's a million other choices on Satellite, which, which you also find that you're, you're, you are no longer, your, your agenda is no longer to, to provide a show for your listener. But instead, perhaps you hope that the people remaining listening to you on that particular day happened to be as interested in the person you're talking to as you are. In other words, you are not. That's right. Yeah. You, and it's a more honest sort of, you're not pushing, you're not pressing. You're just Yes. But you couldn't have, have done that if you guys started your radio, let's say you started a career in radio back in the day, this format would not have lasted, it would not be on the radio.


Right. It, it doesn't hold an audience on a mass. Right. You know, Jimmy, Fallon's sitting in our audience. Right. He, when he doesn't interview, he can't do an hour interview. Right. He's got to sit there because he's dealing with televisions coming on and off and on and off. We're in a unique position. The, the, the the period of time we're in right now has allowed us to sit here and have a real conversation and we can play to a niche audience. Yeah. And so, you know, not to get too academic about it, radio, the old format of radio is gone. And I recognized that when I came to satellite, And, I felt That was the innovation. I could sit and have a real conversation with someone like Robin Williams and, and I have regrets.


Interesting. Yeah. It, it, it, the format helped me to evolve. Right. Yeah. I have a actual question for Jimmy. You know, seriously, seriously, no. To that point, No offense, but I, I think I'm the interview, so No, it's, you'd be great. Magic, magic magician. I guess I just haven't delivered the goods. Jimmy, why don't you take over? This always happens. Always Has. It has everything. Why don't You get up and do a few Gilbert God freedom questions. go ahead, pal. And has every, and, and it has everything to do with what you just said. Okay. Which is, Johnny Carson used to have long, long, long interviews. Sure. 20 minutes, half hour. Yep. And so, Jimmy, I was, I was thinking about you because you're one of the best at what you do. Thank you for standing. Would you, did, have you ever had discussions about what Howard is saying about instead of the six, seven minutes you do.


Oh, right. You don't have a microphone. Oh, He's coming up to stage. Here we go. Here We go. He's never gonna leave. You know that your time. Once Jimmy comes on, They got a mic for him. Now get the Fallon mic. I love this Jimmy. I love, I love it. Yeah. Come on, Jimmy. God Bless, you. Come on. Jimmy. Can I leave now? No, no, This Is right. Did you ever have the ki the, the discussion about changing your format to do kind of where, where this feels like it's going, which is long form interviews as opposed to six, seven minutes? You can't no, you can't do it. I wish, I wish that I could do a longer interview with Right. With certain guests, but Yeah. But I, I do wish that I can get into it and talk for an hour. I'm, I'm, I'm jealous when I, you know, can, can listen to you When you hear real conversation.


Yeah. I love it. Because when it gets going, it's great. And even with, with an audience, like I say, like, this is, we're loving this, but here's the good news. If You, when I'm in the mood for what you provide and what Kim will provides, what Colbert provides, you guys do it better than anyone The other guys I do. But when I Want, when I'm in the mood for a long form thing, right. It's like there's no one better, you know? Thank you. How much, how much do you, Thank you Jimmy, You Jimmy Jimmy f Jimmy one Gilbert Godfrey impression For Christ's sake. Thank you. Really? I wanna say my wife, my beautiful wife Paula is in the audience. She dated you when you were 14. Anyway. You haven't talked to her in a couple years. Give her a call. Oh, Paula, I love, I love Jimmy very much, by the way.


I wanna tell you, we love Jimmy Jimmy. Who doesn't love Jimmy? Fallon has, I'll let you in on his secret. And Nancy Jaan. Oh, Nancy's the best. Jimmy And I are gonna go camping together on a beach and a and we're, it's just gonna be the two of us alone. And Jimmy Wright. We're gonna be in a, what is that called? An rv? An Airstream. An Airstream. Airstream. Wow. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. I going how, how much of your He thinks I'm gonna go. Yeah. How Many of your guests, 'cause one of the other things that we get to do is we get to choose. We, we reach out to people that we're interested in talking to. Right. How much of that do you do? And how much of that comes in through? We, we, we reach out to some people, but mostly, and this is probably to our detriment, but I don't wanna have a lot of guests.


We, we just, we keep, we keep a limited amount. I think our, some of our strongest shows are when we're just sitting and doing our own thing. Yeah. We'll be right back


Guys. We've been talking about Helix Mattress for a long time. You know why? Because it's great. I still have my dusk lux, and it's so comfy. I love it. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning Lux and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus for big and tall sleepers and the Helix kids for growing bodies endorsed by child sleep experts. Everybody is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix offers models designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences plus enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating. Every Helix mattress has a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils in the base with premium foam layers on top. It's the perfect combination of comfort and support. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress shipped straight to your door. Free of charge. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty. Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows. For our listeners, go to Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess. That's Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess. This is their best offer yet, and it won't last long With Helix, better sleep starts now.


So, I don't know if this happens to you when you guys travel, but for me, it takes a while to get comfortable in a new space and a new routine set up. Like so. It's important to find the right hotel and the right hotel room to make you feel like it's home so that you can sleep right, and just so that you can function the next day. These new ways to stay with Hilton will surprise you. You may think you already know Hilton, but those seeking the unexpected are in for a surprise. Hilton has partnered with four unique, elevated hospitality brands, auto camp, graduate hotels, small luxury hotels of the world, and nomad to make your next vacation dream worthy and even better. You can book them with Hilton Honors points. Explore all the ways to say with hilton@hilton.com. Hilton for the stay.


Sonic, Cut through the mundane and make life exciting with Sonic's Delicious burgers, fries, and ice cream. Sonic. And now try the new Sonic Smasher. Sonic Smasher. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edges and juicy in the middle. Sonic Smasher. The Sonic Smasher is then layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Soft Buns. It's melty and juicy, yet crispy, making it the perfect burger bite. Melty And juicy. Try the Sonic Smasher now. Live Free. Eat. Sonic. Sonic.


And now back to the show. I have to say, I, I tried to be a guest on your show for so many years. I kept asking my publicist every year just hoping like, alright, are things good enough in my career where maybe I could be? What? How are And? I? Remember? I, it wasn't bad. No, no, no. But I, I was got my, my publicist said, listen, Jason, we got news back. It's good news. Bad news. Good news is he says he's a fan. Bad news is, he says he just genuinely really has nothing he would like to know No about. No, no, no. But you, I, I'm paraphrasing, but it was absolutely true. You Know what I like, there's nothing, honestly, And I said, I've said this to Jason. I said, look, I could Google you and find out enough stuff. Don't really need to sit and talk to you.


There's Nothing Not about anybody Really. What have you done? I'd rather talk to a stop it. No, no. But seriously, it's much more interesting talking to somebody. No. Who's got like a weird fucked up. Here's the thing, I, if I did a show every day where I just interviewed one guest, that would be fascinating me. But there's also an audience in my, in my, my group that likes to hear us doing, you know, bits and, and shtick and, and like sitting and talking Robin And I just talking And I recognize that. So I don't, I don't overload the show with a lot of guests, but sometimes we do reach out, like, you know, I wanted Joe Biden on. So we had him on And, I wanted Bruce Springsteen.


I begged him to come on. I just wanted to come on. Yeah. Yeah. That's a white whale. It was unbelievable. Be sitting in a room with Bruce and he's doing a concert basically, and talking about how he creates songs. Yeah. So, you know, we do, we do reach out and there are people, I I just love talking. Do you, do you miss playing music at all? Like being a disc jockey And like No. No. It never was about mu you know, it's weird. I play music. And I talk over it. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, it's like I can't playing. When I got into radio, I was a disc jockey, you know, straight disc jockey. Yeah. My father would say, first you must learn to be a straight disc jockey. Not all that nonsense. You do. So, yeah. So I went on the radio and be like, hi, this is Howard Stern, WR and W, progressive Music from the Woods.


And this is Crosby Stills, national Young. And so, you know, we would do that. And I hated it. I hated it. Even you had to segue that you had to play a record and make sure there was no dead air. And I was like, you had No autonomy. You couldn't launch bands. You had to play. Oh, no, no. I played whatever I wanted. But it was, it was horrible. I mean, it was a lot of pressure. You know, you had to get the commercials lined up. It was just you in a little room, in a house somewhere up in the woods. It was, you know, these are these shitty radio stations. $96 a a week. Yeah. And you played records and you announced them and, and, and this is what I did. And I was the worst at it. I was the worst. I had, there were no performers in my family.


I didn't understand performance. I was not in show business. But you, my father even said, you cannot Be on the radio. You have no Elocution. You do not enunciate. You read nothing. You did, you did have some, you did have some sense that you, I had no sense, Idiot. But you had a sense that you had a sense that your personality might be halfway entertaining. I had no, that, between that and the music, no. When I'd walk around college, nobody seemed to pay attention to me. I, I, I think I had the worst Personality. You had no confidence that you were gonna be somewhat compelling at All. I would write letters to my girlfriend saying, I will be the, I will be the world's greatest radio performer. Why did you think that? I have no idea. But what I don't know, just knew.


I just knew that there was something there. So You weren't always Sorry, sorry. No. So you weren't always, you weren't always this charismatic, you weren't always this comfortable in talking And I. No, it took me years. That's, that's why I resent this podcast. You guys are just on here talking. I had to spend years, four years. I had to spend years. We did four years. I, it took me 10 years just to get conversational. It was very slow. Yeah. That's interesting. You guys are too talented. No, no, no. That's fair enough. No, but, but in all seriousness, it was. And how many years playing records was horrible. Many Did. Were you a Fan of music? No. Oh, huge fan of music. You know, music meant more to me than religion. I never got a thing outta religion, but man, when I'd hear The Beatles or The Stones, or, or George Harrison, you know, my sweet Lord.


That stuff that spoke to me, yeah. That moved me. And I And I was happy to launch a lot of bands. I was a program director for a while. Yeah. And I didn't even understand. I didn't know anything. I, a guy from a record company would call me up and he'd go, would you play our record? I go, sure. He goes, well, no, no, no. I'll play it for you. I said, you don't have to play it for me. I'll, I'll, I'll report it to Billboard. I didn't care. I was happy to get Star struck around musicians. I, I admire musicians. And I know how hard they work at it. But is that the group that, that would, if anyone was gonna get you Star started that, or Athletes or Oh yeah. Musicians. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who, who would be who, who's the one that you haven't met? You'd be like, oh, I can't talk. Oh geez. Is it a Beatle?


Well, I've met Paul. Yeah. And Ringo. And they were great on the show. Do You want to take a, you want to take a, a temperature of the room about the name The Beatles? Oh yeah. Do You guys know about this Old, old, old, old captain Brain? Brain? What Happened? Well, let's take an honest, Sean honest thing of the audience. I didn't know my whole life. I thought it was the insect, the Beatles. didn didn't know his people who make beats. The the BEAT. Right. He was like, Clap if you were with me. Thank you. Meanwhile, that's Why did not know that T till right now killed. I Didn't know what That just took, suck the air out of The room. I wanna thank the guys for that story. Have You seen I I didn? You noticed? Have you noticed the arrow in the FedEx logo?


Yeah. Okay. I didn't know what that means. What I don't. Alright, here's one You didn't know Sean. No. What is Sean? Here's one. I guarantee you you didn't know. Yeah. You know the place you go for roast beef, right? Arby's, right? Yeah. Why is it called Arby's? They got the meat or whatever they say. Okay. No, no. Think about it. Why is it Arby's Roast beef? RB roast beef? I didn't know that, but I put it together. Rbs. rbs. Oh, I see. Did not know that. Look at Will. We could Do this All day long. This is going great. A speaking, Speaking. Now. Wait. So speaking, speaking of What is happening, really glad I came on. Hey, by the way, these guys treat it like it's a TV show. I'm in a trailer. I'm waiting to, come on. There's a warmup act for the audience.


I don't know from this, you just go on the radio. First Of all, I don't think we've said it yet. I can't thank you enough for doing this. You don't do this. You, I I've seen you, you do it for Letterman. I've seen you do it for Kimmel. I You don't do this And I can't thank you enough. This is a Really, really, I'm happy to be here. Thank you. Happy to be here. We, we, we really do. And just so you're not just hearing it from Jason, that you are the gold standard for us, and you're the guy that we always wanted to get. We talk about you all the Time. Yeah. And it honestly, thank you. This a big deal. Us Well, I'm really honored and, and will much to your point, for many years I couldn't take a compliment. But I do appreciate you guys. I Got one. I got a new one for you. Okay. Everybody knows you're recently 70. It's unbelievable. It's so fucked up.


No, no, no. You have not changed. Yes. Oh God. Beth Hit the back me up here. Like, what, what, what? What's, what are you guys guys doing? I know you're not out there like running 10 miles on the beach every day. Yeah. Is it just jeans? I mean, you look exactly the same. I Look terrible. No, no. Howard, the only thing I will say, you don't look exactly The same for the last 30 years. I can't even see a picture. But, but I will tell you one thing. I do not color my hair. No, I know. I can tell you I don't. Yeah, but is It And? I have a gray beard. He Doesn't either. You don't, you don't color you hair, right? I don't do that. No, but you don't have you, you're supposed to have like a, a belly And. I do have a belly. I have a belly and tits. You're supposed to. Everything's got a I Do. I got a belly and tits. Right.


Honey, you've seen me with my shirt off. She's, she's busy talking by the Way. Same. Wanna Go TURPs off. You wanna go top shop? We Go TURPs off? No, no. But you don't look like you ache or you're sore. I can't fucking, I'm a mess. No, no, no. You're not. You seem like you're in great shape. Are you doing anything that paint? Well, first of all, Paint a painting. Let's get into that Paint. I do. Well, yeah, I do. I, I I paint. I like to paint. It's Incredible the painting here. I don't know if you guys Yes. Does people know? Okay. And the photography, it's like, I do. And, and the tiny sketching with the, with the magnifying glass. I like It. I don't use the magnifying glass no more. No, I never did And I never used the mag glass. I saw you drafting thing. There was something that Yeah, I have a big magnifying, but I don't use it for that. Okay. Really?


I'm, I'm just telling you. I don't, But it was there. I mean, I'm not fucking crazy. No. You know, it was there. It was there. It was there. But yeah, I enjoy those things. I mean, it's really, It's really cool. When did you start playing guitar? Okay, so Short version. I, I'll tell you why I play guitar And. I'm gonna blame, I'm gonna blame Jimmy Fallon for this. You gonna jam With Jelly Roll tonight? No. Was Jimmy here tonight? Jimmy. Stand up. There we go. Jimmy Fallon. Jimmy Fallon says to me, You kidding me? Here's what happened. 10 years ago, I, I turned 60 And I said, I either want to play the guitar. Yeah. Or I want to learn to paint. Oh, And I never draw. I never drew. I never, you know, did any, for some reason that I had, I wanted to paint in the worst way.


So that's all in 10 years, And I began to Yeah. I began to study water color. And I. Really focus on it. Wow. I mean, and you know, as a PA pianist that you have to, you have to, you just have to focus on it. Yeah. It's not that people have some sort of natural ability. Correct. It's the work that's, you have to work at it. People go, oh, I don't Have that Focus on the penis his whole life. Yeah. And I'm an expert. You just two laughs for that. I thought That was pretty good. It's a tough freaking crowd. We'll Sweeten that In the edit. It's okay to laugh, But, you know, I, anyway, I, I enjoy those things. But I, I, I applaud you wanting to research and find other things. Not that you are older, like somebody is not old. What it is. This is, but that you pursue things that challenge You.


Somebody is willing to do new things, is what You saying. Well, it's true. No, and by the way, congratulations. That fucks my head up. Yeah. Because what I said to my wife, I wanna learn guitar, but I feel foolish because of my age. Like, what am I trying to do here? I don't wanna be a rock star. I don't, I just wanna understand music. Challenge Yourself to no Hobby. Because I love musicians. Yeah. And. I love what they do. And, I want to understand that language? Let's Do a, a duet sometime piano and guitar. Do you play Mint and g? I Do. All Right. But we can do it. Are you Playing classic? Are you play playing Classical guitar? No, but I don't play classic. Started 12 string guitar, man. I mean, I Don't know. No, no, no, no. It hurts the fingers though, doesn't it?


Yeah. Well, look at my, look at, look at the tips of my fingers. Look at those calluses. Oh. my God. Yeah. You'll Let Jason Touch you much. You play a day. Well, I'm on vacation now, so I can play from guitar. No, from work. I'm on vacation from work. Okay. So I can play. I I some days five, six hours. Really? Really? What? Wow. So you must be good. Now, who's Not good? I'm not who Good. Who's your favorite guitarist? Oh, geez. There's so one. Why just Name one of them? A few of Em. Well, I mean, you, you gotta say Hendricks. You gotta say Jimmy page. I mean, Jimmy page. Now I have even more appreciation for Jimmy page. Yeah. I was playing one of the most beautiful love songs. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. By Zeppelin. Yeah, sure. And the intro to that.


And you sit and you realize this guy wrote this. Excellent, excellent. Thanks, That. was that you singing or playing the guitar? Keep that Applause. But You realize how brilliant it is. And in order to, to get to that level, you've gotta play every day for hours and hours. And I'm mad at myself because when I was younger, I didn't allow myself to practice music where Sean did, when he was smart about it. Well, I, my, when I was younger, I had so many, I dunno why I reacted this way, but so many adults, when they found out when I was like 5, 6, 7, 8 years old, playing piano, practicing, they'd go, oh, you know what? I wish I would've stuck with it over and over and over all these adults telling me that.


So I was like, there must be something to that. So that's what made me stick to it. Was There, was there, was there something, was there a fork in the road? Where had you stuck with that instead of radio? You would, You would No radio. It had to be radio for me. So it was never like architecture or was five years old. I announced No, I, I announced my family. I will be on the radio. Which was, which was ridiculous. All, it doesn't make any sense. I, I don't understand it. And But your dad Was the sound engineer. Well, he was a radio engineer. A ra radio Engineer. Yeah. So, I mean, so that part of it made sense. Yeah. I, but listen, my father didn't spend a lot of time paying attention to me or interacting with me. And, I used To sit, mine did. Well, I would watch him. He was focused on you? No, but I, but he would, he would, when I would see him commuting to work, and he'd put the radio on, and Bob Grant was on.


Who was this broadcast? A conservative broadcaster. But the guy was mesmerizing on the radio. And I saw the way my father listened and shushed me, told me to shut the fuck up so he could hear Bob Grant shut up. I said, so that's how you get, that's how you get someone's attention. Shut down. Shut up. You get on the radio. So wait, You did it to get your dad's attention? I think so, yeah. So, so, And did you get, sorry, just to follow up on that, if you don't mind. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Sorry. Do, do you think, did, what was the moment where your dad, I mean, obviously you, you had incredible success in, in radio. Was there a moment where he, like, was there an actual moment where he went, holy shit, Howard? Yeah. I think my mother put him, you know, he just went, he just said, oh, okay. I love you.


You know, he was not my father. My father grew up in the Depression. Yeah. He had nothing. When I say nothing, it was, it was like literally no, like no shoes. You know, his father was worked in a sweatshop as a pants pressure. My father was a very deprived guy, And I. And he didn't have a lot of room for emotion. I think he probably had a lot of bottled up emotion, but he couldn't, he couldn't express it. And he, he didn't know how he didn't have the facility. Which, but, but I would've loved to have known my father. I would've loved to. Why? Why do you think you are so well adjustment adjusted? I'm Not, I'm a mess. Be, I'm at, I'm still with the psychiatrist. Beth wouldn't be with an idiot. No, wouldn't be with an Asshole. It's not didn didn't say I was an idiot. I said, I'm fucked up. You're not you Honey, honey, come up here and tell people I fucked up. Please come up. Well, what Do you do? You do. You, She says, I'm a lot honey.


Please, you don't wanna come up. Do you think? Do you? Well, but like, I don't think that people know. Like, if there was one misconception of you, do you have any idea what that might be? I mean, I don't know. But I, I will say that for me personally, given your edge of humor, it was really exciting to get to know you a little bit and see how incredibly soft and chewy you are on the inside. How incredibly sincere and genuine and attentive you are. But, but like, what? But what I said was, you know, it it, it was unfair. You just go around, you're saying, oh, well that's an act on the radio. It was, it was who I was. Had a lot of anger. You obviously, but there's a choice to like, not be fucked up and just know how to manage That.


Yeah. But my, my attitude about radio And, I say this over and over again was, I just wanna make people laugh. Right? Yeah. I want people to have a great time in their car. Whether it's, if it's a compelling interview, great. But if I'm sitting there and I'm being really funny and I'm doing something good, well, you know, that's what I'm trying to do. So I never did anything out of malice. Yeah. I did it because I thought I was genuinely funny. Right, right. Was I genuinely funny? Sometimes, sometimes not. You Were speaking the truth. You know, your observations were speaking, I speaking my truth. Sometimes painful for folks. And, and That was the funny part, Part Of that, being honest though, I remember when you spoke about your health scare about having a little spot on your kidney. Thank God it was nothing.


And That was you revealed, like That was one of the first, one of the few things that you did not share with your audience because you, you've always been so open and honest with your audience about everything. I'll tell you what. So what is, where is that line? And is there anything? I'll Tell you why. And you guys probably know this from, from doing this now and, and having a popular show. You know, if you go on a radio and you say, listen, I could potentially, I have this thing and they're telling me it could be cancer. Yeah. A 95% chance you start to get letters from every know it all in the audience. Listen, my mother died. You, you're fucked. You're this, you're that. And, I, And, I, amm, neurotic. I am neurotic about my health. I don't want know. Where's Bradley Cooper? I just wanna look at him. Come on Sean. You know what I mean? On Bradley set up. There He is.


There's Bradley gorgeous. Look at that. Son of a bitch. So good looking. He's gorgeous. I Love, I love Bradley Cooper. I I don't mind Saying it. We all do. No, No. There people. Sean doesn't love him. He Told me about Bradley, I love you. Another one of the, can I tell you Bradley Cooper story, genuine, would love to hear a Bradley story. Can I tell you Bradley Cooper story, if it's Positive, one of the greatest moments for me on the show, a personal you. 'cause you asked about people I interviewed, I was interviewing Bradley, and at the time Bradley had just finished a run on, on on Broadway. The Elephant Man, man Elephant. The elephant man. Brilliant, brilliant job. Absolutely brilliant. And. I am a fan of the elephant man. And. I said, you know, and and Bradley's so serious about the elephant man, he a serious elephant man hang up. He goes, you know, I don't, I just want you to know, I don't joke about the elephant, man.


I said, I'm not gonna joke, but I would like to do the elephant man for you. Oh no. And if you And, I would love if you would come back as your elephant, man. Yeah. And so I said, Oh, so kind shoot me all of kindness. So beautiful. And Bradley looked at me, And I said, he's either gonna walk out and he goes, Oh, fuck you. And we had a moment where we were both the elephant man. Wow. Immersed in our character. And it was That's beautiful. One of the biggest highlights of Radio Magic. Radio Magic. You acted. Look it up. You, you got to act with Bradley. I got to act with Bradley Cooper. Very few people, You know, very few.


This guy's one of our best actors. He is rarefied there. And without a Doubt, one of the greatest filmmakers we've got. Astro Incredible. That's right. And when he saw He was so inspired, Tell him, Bradley, how good I was. He loved it. Never saw such acting. I've had no training, by the way, as an actor. What? No, that's right. That's right. How many times did you audition for private parts? Yeah, because I was gonna say, you wanna Know something about private parts? Yes. He used the funny thing. So in, in developing What a movie, by the way. Thank you. Thank you, Howard. It's a great movie. Love that. Thank you. It's so good. It's so good. But I gotta tell you a funny story about, 'cause because this, this leads into it, it's insane. So, you know, Closer to the mic, please.


Yeah. But so I wrote the book. Oh, I wrote the book and I had no clue when, when they said they wanna make a movie out of it. How am I gonna make a movie out of this thing? Betty Thomas, Before Betty, I was involved in writing some of the scripts. We had other writers and this and that. There were 25 full drafts of this thing, my God. And each one was worse than the next. And my agent at the time, who just passed away, and Don yeah, he's great. But He said to me, these scripts are so bad you'll be laughed at. So the, the movie studio said, listen, paramount, we at the t Ryer Entertainment put up the money and Paramount was the distributor. And so they said, listen, this is crazy.


The money that we're spending on these writers, and, and you're not accepting any of these scripts. We're gonna hire Jeff Goldblum to play you since you won't Do that. No Way. Is that true? Great. Jeff Gold. No Way No Way. I said, I looked in the eye. And I said, you know what? I would pay to see that. I, I would love to see Jeff Goldblum as Howard Stern. I, I think it would be terrific. But anyway. Wait, at this Time, had you, was there a plan for you to play the part course and they wanted to actually go in another Direction? Of course. They were so frustrated with me because I had written into the contract, and again, this was my agent's brilliance. They couldn't make the movie unless I had full script approval. And I wrote half the scripts and they sucked. That'd be so great to just shoot some scenes today with Jeff Goldblum Absolutely.


From Right. And just put it on the internet. Yeah. That'd be a lot of fun. You wanna know one of the most thrilling things in my career. Speaking of that, and then We gotta go, oh, you gotta go. No, after that. Oh, You gotta go after this. Oh, you have a hard out. You have A hard out. People are really tough about Yeah. I have a hard out. Yeah, no, I do. Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. I'm very busy. I I have to go home and paint and play the guitar. Yeah. I'm busy. No, I sit at home and stare at the wall and Beth looks at me. She's not allowed to leave the house. Didn't you know that Honey Will, Will you, will you go home tonight and just, and just turn on the TV and Oh yeah. I've got the advanced copy of next week's Bachelorette. Oh, No Way. I cannot, Hey, do you want, do you watch traitors?


Do you watch traitors? I No. Bachelor. I'm Bachelor Nation. All the way. Anybody else with me? Yeah. Look. Jimmy Fallon's with me Bradley. Sure. Well, these people have a life. I love it, Bradley. You do not. Amanda loves it. Doesn't Watch that. Doesn't watch it. Bradley. Watch his bachelorette. That's the secret. He doesn't want anyone to know. All right. Yeah. He loves it. What time is it? Its what time for you to go? It's six 30. We, yeah, we're we're, yeah, we're, We're Howard, we've taken it way too much. Way too much your time. Way Too to much time. You're very kind of driver, by the way. On a scale. Did you feel we were a success? Yes. This is a great rehearsal. Oh. my God. We're gonna record Honestly. Everybody Take a nice break. We'll record in about 20 minutes. What do you mean great rehearsal?


What are you recording? Tell me. This was, this was a rehearsal. Is is the show actually over or do I leave? And then you keep talking. We're a Wrap. You're gonna leave. We're gonna keep we're gonna do a Wrap. We about you a Little bit. Yeah. A wrap up. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna talk about how great you are once you leave. Listen, Howard, just Maybe I should listen in. I I'll sit it here. I won't say a word. go ahead. Do let me hear what you guys do and I'll tell you what I'll Do. That's, but here's the thing. But you guys, every once in A while, every once in a while interrupt. And I'll just go, that's not good. Radio. Or if that's really good Radio. I tell what? We'll do something. Do you mind if we cut your mic? Not at All. Here's, here's no, I was a judge on America's Got Talent. I know. Fantastic. That's the only reason I watched. So, by The way, the guy who did the warmup today, they had a warmup Os Yeah. Os I wanted him to win the entire season.


He did not win that season. He should have. He's fabulous. He's Amazing guy. He's, he's phenomenal. Os perman, You know, you Can, a name built for show business. Here's what you can do. Let's do better than that. While you're, while you're being quiet pretending that you're not here when we're doing that. No, I'm not Gonna do it if I, if I have to be completely quiet, I'm not doing it. Alright. You can talk a little bit, but I want you to think I About I do that on the protest. You, you, you might be, we might embarrass you if you stayed and heard how much we were gonna app Praise you. Can I say something about you guys? Okay. This Is gonna hurt. It's gotta be kind. Thank you for having me. Thank you for coming. I'm very excited that you're part of the SiriusXM fans. We are. So we, I wish you a lot of success. Thank you. Not too much success, but a lot of success. Sure. And no, seriously, it's great to have you guys in the family.


Thank you For blessing us into it. And by doing this. Yes. I Understand. The serious stock's gonna go over $2 and 90 cents now that you guys are here. God Bless. I can't wait all that stock. I'm gonna be so wealthy. Yeah. You guys please help us thank Howard. Stern Howard. Great. Howard Stern. Thank you. I can't get outta my chair. Howard Stern. Keep it going. Keep it going. The one and the only, the king of all media, radio, podcast, television, film. He is the king of Vidia.


They had to raise the ceilings of the talk house just for him. Yeah. All right. That, that That was surreal for me. I've never met him. I know. You know, I didn't ever get to talk. Was He what you thought he was gonna Be? Yeah, I was really, really nervous. I was really nervous. You well, Was he what you thought he was gonna be? Oh Yes. I thought that. How Was he different than you thought he was gonna Be? I, I didn't know he was gonna be so relaxed and easy to talk to. So great. Yeah. Right. I thought he was gonna be like, so what do you guys got? Let's see what you guys got. And he wasn't like that at all, you know? No, he, because he's the king of all of it. So, But he was also, he's incredibly generous and empathetic and probably knows that we're nervous and That's right. We're dumb. And, and we have a new show. And he's the king.


That's Why I have 75 cars. A Tremendous amount of, tremendous amount of candor. Right. Very immediately he took, he took the, he took the, the, the reins and helped us. And he started talking. It's, and you wrote So many questions 'cause you were so nervous, right? Seriously. Sean was upstairs and we're like, what the fuck? It's an hour. Yeah. How you Just like writing, writing. Any questions? You didn't get to that We should listen to tons. Let's get tons. No. Any, any, anything. You're really pissed you didn't get to. Let's see. I mean, we talked about a lot. I wanna talk about Italy a little bit more. And what Oh yeah. Like his vacation. Like what's his ideal vacation? We'll Bring Jimmy on and talk about that. Okay. Anyway, so I love him though. I've been a huge fan. And by the way, I didn't share with you guys the first time. What are you looking at?


Nothing. I'm just trying to think. I feel like you're working. I'm, I'm So the first time, can, can you feel It coming? Yeah. He starts to work on a buy. So you Can see his brain, the, in Real time he can tease himself up for it. Right. So the first time, The first time. It's too early to do it. Now we're still doing wrap up, aren't we? We're wrapped. We wrapped up. Okay, we're wrapped up. We're ready to go. So The, and we got Jelly Roll coming up, which is so exciting. Oh yeah. Oh. So here's the barn. So we, so the first time I was ever here Oh yeah. In the Hamptons was only like two, three years ago. Okay. And That was the first time ever. And I stayed with Will at his house, which is not very far from here. Okay. And this is gonna be Terrible. This is gonna be horrible dude. And, and Will lived so close. So I was just gonna ask Will today, did you drive yourself over here or did you ride Your Bye bye.


Jesus Christ for the live show. Sorry about that guys. Sorry about that. But the interview was fun. Was it not? It was really fun. Hey, thank you guys for coming. Thank you so much for coming you guys. Thank so much. Bye. Stick around for roll. Thank you guys. And. I. Let's go. Enjoy some Jelly Roll. Yeah. Jelly Roll please. Stick around the Jelly Roll outside after Jelly Roll is performing out there. We're so excited. Thank you guys.


SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart Less.


Imagine earning a degree that prepares you with real skills for the real world. Capella University's programs teach skills relevant to your career so you can apply what you learn right away. Learn how Capella can make a difference in your life. At capella.edu.