
Have you met all modern? Whether your style is Scandinavian inspired, iconic, mid-century modern, or paired down minimalism, all modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. Every design is hand vetted for quality by their team of experts. And upgrade your space in days, not weeks with fast and free shipping. Plus, right now, you'll save big on every style of modern with Black Friday deals all month long on holiday hosting must-haves and more. That's modern made simple. Shop now at AllModern dot com or visit them in store at Linfield and Deta, Massachusetts, or in Texas.


Guys, when it comes to getting your haircut, don't go just anywhere. Visit the specialists who live and breathe men's hair at Sport Clips, haircuts. Stylists undergo special training to be the experts in men's hair, making them the masters of Mullets, finessers of fades, and understudies of the undercut. It's easy to have confidence in your look when you are in the hands of a pro, just another way. Sport Clips helps keep your head and your hair in the game. Sport Clips. It's a game changer.


Hey guys, I'm off to the supermarket to do some grocery shopping. And, I. Thought you guys would like to know what's on my list. Here we go. Ready? Yogurt, granola, tomato sauce, ketchup, dried fruit, baked beans, nut butter, chocolate milk, cereal bars, bread con and salad dressings, protein bars, candy, tea crackers, energy drinks, canned fruit juice, coffee, soda, ice cream, barbecue sauce, and cakes. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart, smart, smart Bless. I had a great day yesterday. Yesterday was the, remember the we, we were talking about the My Heart Bullshit You Know.


Oh yeah. Did you get a new one tomorrow? Yesterday? No, I didn't get a new one, but I went to ate, ate lunch by myself. I had really bad sushi then I went and got, I bought two books. And I had an ice cream cone on the way home. And I was like, this is it. This Is so, this is solo. This is by myself. This is to, this is to make your Heart better. Yeah, it was. And then I went into the bookstore. Hey, by the way, do bookstores make you wanna poop a little bit? Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? No, I don't. It's something about just standing on your feet that long I think gravity takes Over. No, but it's like some, the coziness of a bookstore, the coziness of like a pharmacy You know. No. Or Like, hang on. Like A, like a, sorry. Or like a gift shop. Sorry. Coziness. No.


Yeah. Yeah. There's a comparison between a bookstore and a pharmacy. Well, yeah. Just like a similarity, like the co like the quietness of it and the coziness of it. It really gets my stomach going. This, This hypochondriac finds pharmacies comforting and cozy. Do love that. So JB Bookstore is a place where, Okay. Guy, which seems like a perfect segue to go into something we should talk about. Just for two seconds, SmartLess Media is now doing a new show called Clueless. Yes, I've heard about this. Yes. You both were on an episode, actually, our first episode. Yeah. And, it's out now. This Is not a podcast starring Alicia Silverstone, right?


No, this is, that is correct. I'm very good. It's Star, the host. The host is Elliot Kalen. He's the former head writer of The Daily Show with John Stewart. Yes. Mystery Science Theater 3000. Yeah. A bunch of great stuff. He's so funny. And I'm funny. The permanent contestant. Yeah. You're the clue. Less part of it. He's the clue. Full part. Yeah, That's exactly right. It's like 10 to 12 minute episodes of just puzzle podcasts. And it's super fun. You can, so The little sprints, yeah, You can like, try to solve it while you're driving or listening to the show. And it's only 10 minutes and it's super fun. Will, How long do you take playing Wordle each day? Will, yeah. What, what, what, what does it take for you to get through Wordle? Pretty quick. Pretty quick? Yeah. Because you usually bust real fast, right? You just Guess, guess, guess, Guess, guess I'm out.


I sure. I sure don't. Well, I would stack, I would stack my, my Wordle in timing and also success rate against yours any day. No, no. You're definitely smarter than me Anyway. So Clueless is coming up. It's great. You should listen to it. It takes no longer than, than the average person would take to solve Wordle. If you are super bright like Will Arnett, I mean, Fun. It's fun. You know. It's fun. It's a super fun show. It's super fun games. And. it premieres Monday, November 18th. And. I'm on every episode. And I. Play with family and friends. And. you guys were kind enough to do the first episode. And. it was a lot of fun. It Was. Yeah. It's, yeah, I liked it a lot. It was a lot of fun. It's all for SmartLess Media, which is fun. And that's our little plus. Just check It out, bros. Yeah. Yeah. Yos And and gals.


Hey, listen, speaking of checking out. Yeah. You know what I like to check out. Oh, Here it comes. Or the films of our guest Today. You like, oh, Well, and And I. Don't think that I'm alone, because I read somewhere that I think that our, our guest films have grossed north of $4 billion worldwide. Wow. That's strong. That's a very strong number. And what's even stronger about it? I Hope this person had a nice definition. What, What's well, I, I wonder if they did What's even stronger about it is, or Tracy, that's a profit participation Is, is the fact that they're so varied in the types of films they are.


And some of them are sort of what you would consider sort of indie type films. Some of them were what you would consider to be sort of comedies. Some are what you might consider to be romantic comedies. Some you might consider to be just straight up dramas. Some would be period pieces. Everything. Everything. And, and for the gamut, and for, in addition to, to the financial reward, our guest has also been rewarded with loads of nominations and wins for Sags and Golden Globes and BAFTAs and Emmy. Oh, It's a smarty And. I mean He's a smarty. This person or he?


He, He's a smarty. He's a smarty. He, He has been such a part of the film landscape for so long. I know that. I, I, I imagine he's embarrassed by my intro, but he shouldn't be because he has done everything He's taught us about love. Actually. He's taught us about what is be about a boy. He's done it all. Now. He has a new horror film called Heretic. You guys, it's, it's Hugh Grant. Who? I do not know. Hugh Grant. The one and only Hugh. Grant. Look At this guy. Hey, do I take No, Yes. You take it off. Oh hell. There he is. Look at this guy. No, no. Not the shirt. Not the shirt. Not the Shirt. It's a silver fox. Guys, we got a silver fox on today. It is The one and only Hugh Grant Hugh Grant.


Welcome to SmartLess. It's very nice of you to have Good morning. Yeah. This is really cool. Yeah. I only met you once on the street of New York City. And I said Hugh Grant. You said hello? That's it. In a dismissive. No, you were very nice, Cold kind of way. No, No, no. Should You? I'm not a very nice man. Oh, That's, We're we're, we're all the same. That's Entirely untrue. I'm sure. So did Sean yell at too loud and everyone then stopped and wanted to take a picture? No. You were, no, you're, I don't, no. I was probably a bit hungover and grumpy out. There you go. No, no. Did I have a child with me? I've got millions on that horse.


Makes me unpleasant. Get in, get in line. So do I. How many kids do you have? Well, we think it's five. Yeah. But I had them much too old in life. You know I started when I was 52. And now I You know. I I Your First kid you were 52. Wow. Yeah. No, I'm 64 You know. And the youngest is six And I. I need a long stint in a sanatorium or an Abby. I often look at Yeah. The Abbey that Maria lives in, in the sound of music. Yeah. Yeah. And Wish I lived there. What about one of those old, like really old monasteries that they built at tops of mountains that are accessible by just like a very narrow path?


I'm frightened of monks. Okay. And. I don't, I don't mind nuns. Yeah. Yeah. Are you in Los Angeles right now? I've just arrived last night. Yeah. Wow. From, from to bang the drum for my film. From London. Yeah. Yeah. How is that flying this way? Is it harder coming this way than it is going the other? It's brutal both ways. I find, yeah. I, I can't, I can't do it anymore. I think that's another age thing. Yeah. I, I've, I woke up hours ago, very, very hungry. And. it felt like my heart is made of Play-Doh. Do you have Play-Doh? Yeah, We have play. Yeah, Of course. Yeah. I mean, I Used to eat it. Sean's got a doctor for you. I've got something upstairs. Hugh, you should know this, that Sean, two, three nights ago, woke up in the middle of the night with a heart issue, drove himself to Cedar-Sinai didn't wake up.


His husband drove himself to Cedar-Sinai. They brought the paddles out. They put him under, they paddled him. He drove home. An hour later, he woke up to to use the bathroom again and drove himself back to Cedar's and got paddled again. Yeah. And there was to dinner. Dinner that night. So your jet leg by comparison. And And I. And I'm not saying this to, to make you feel bad. Well, no. You are And I. That's working it. Yes. I feel humiliated, but by God, you, you, you look fucking great. Yeah. Yeah. You do. No, I don't. You Do. I'm telling you, You do. You've managed to keep it going all this time. Do You know what I forgot to bring? 'cause I'm a bad Packer underwear.


So I'm talking to you commando this morning. I feel a bit exciting. I had a stint with that. I I went a couple years with that. Yeah. Let's not go down that Jason. 'cause we know what Happened. Yeah. No, I'm not interested in going down it again. Well, the details on it are not, are, are a little sorted. Let's be honest. I used To wear boxers in college. I just didn't. I thought, 'cause I was supposed to And, I was just like, it's dumb. I I don't get box Useless. That's miserable. Experience's. Useless. They don't provide any like Worth At all support. I like to be cupped. Yeah. Like to be Exactly. Support you like to, to be cupped. That's good. Yeah. He likes to be cupped. And, and Jay, how do you go now? Do you not wear any undergarments? No. No. I'm, I'm into the boxer briefs now. Okay. It's a semi, semi semi cup.


Yeah. Same. Okay. I think that's the answer. So Hugh, we can listen and, and, and feel free to say no, we can send somebody over with a, with a variety if you'd like. No, I've already asked a concierge in a hotel to provide some, he, he looked surprised. I'll, I'll go, I'll go shopping. Hugh Grant. Honestly, You know. I do feel, I'm sorry to say, you're, you're one of those sort of film stars that I feel like, because I've seen you in so many films, I feel like, oh yeah, well, it's Hugh Grant whom I know from earlier. And, and there is that sort of familiarity that we have through roles.


And, you have done so many different, and now I'm I think I'm safe to say you're doing something that is completely new. Now you're doing this, this sort of horror film, if you will, for lack of a better word, right? Oh yeah. I Love it. No, that that is correct. We can, we can call it horror or we can call it psychological thriller. Yeah. Perhaps for people who are frightened of horror films like me. Well, we can also call it one of the last remaining viable genres for theatrical distribution. That's True. True. Well, why is that? Explain that to me. I I bet you it's because people like to have the scare be a shared experience because a scare at home might be a little too scary.


And being in the right room be so true. You know. That's but so true. You would think that comedy would be the same way you would, right. You, you want the, you want the shared experience of the laugh. But comedies have yet to come back. I know. And And I sort of brought that up actually to our friend Jason Blum, who makes a lot of horror type Blum films. Blumhouse Yeah. From, yeah. Blumhouse And I said And I said that JB I said, well, why don't we make a comment? And he said, no, there's no money at it. And Yeah, I don't get it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't get it either. But I understand wanting to be home alone. If you're gonna be crying, you don't wanna cry next to a stranger. But I do like laughing with strangers. I like being scared with strangers. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, QH Qh comments. It's very, it's very sad.


No one's sadder than me. My local cinema just closed down after 30. Well, I mean, I've, I've been going there for 30 years. It's been going for a hundred years. It's just awful. Yeah. I Just close to me. I, yeah. I can't understand the instinct of someone who says, I, think I'll just hit home, sit at home and stream. That seems so utterly sad. It is nice to not have to leave the house. I mean, You Know. I couldn't disagree with you more. Oh goodness. My only object in life is to get outta the house. Well, you, you've got, you've got those kids running around making a bunch of noise. Hugh, hang on. JB Hugh, this is, I want to get into this. I'm so glad you're saying this because you're talking to these two or or two people who would, and, and by the way, a lot of Angelinos who are sort of in the same our age and who kind of do what we do are all equally as boring as phobic Two.


No, you're not, you're not Agora four. But you have, you have zero ambition and, and are way too comfortable in your fucking plush lives. And you're not interested. Yeah. No. In anything other than yourselves. No, I Am so Hugh. It's entirely true. Hugh, talk to me a little bit about getting out of the house. What is it you like to do so much? I've always regarded home as hell. I think homes are hell. The home I grew In title of a biography, home, home Hell home. The guy who dresses me on films wants my autobiography to be called Coughing the Custard. And I think that is better, actually.


Ah, Well, yeah. I homes. I don't get it. That's why I don't understand why everyone wants to work from home. I cannot imagine anything more dary or depressing. Hugh, are you currently married? Yeah, I'm married to a terrifying giant swed. We're gonna launch a new, a new podcast from SmartLess Media called Telling It Like it is, starting through. Grant, I could, Hugh, this is absolutely, this is genius, delightful and surprising. And obviously we don't, I don't know, you tell us a little bit. Tell us About this catch.


You're married to this terrifying person who's in your life. Yeah. Well actually she's magnificent. Yes. And As are the kids we know. You just, Yeah. No, I should point that out. No, she's great. I, to my great surprise, while I was being pretty drunk for a few years in London, about 13 years ago, the bar I used to hang out at there was this hot Swede, the other end of the bar And. it was her. She's, she's an, an athlete. She's was very nearly a pro tennis player, but she's just too angry.


And anyway, we got closer and closer, and then we started breeding and then fell in love. And now we're married. I love that. She's, she's very, she's very much the man in the family. She comes from the northern part of Sweden. I mean, Swedish men I think are quite masculine anyway, but when they come from the north Yeah. Where everyone lives among the trees, they're really seriously masculine. And men are not supposed to talk. If you talk, it's a bit girly. So, no, it's true. Her brothers, I've never heard them say a word for yes and no. They just suck their teeth. They go, that's Northern Swedish for Yes. Or, and Oh, look At this.


Oh, look at me. Oh, the food's coming for you. Yeah, I got some coffee. Thank God. Yeah, you got some. Thank you very much. Yeah. Get that in there. Well, yeah. The Swedes do that. Hugh correct me if I'm wrong, they do that thing when they, when they talk on the phone, where they go. Yeah, that's right. Yes. Yes. That's it. That's, that's no's a that's A yes. That's an agreeable breath. I, I've spent, I've spent some time in, in Stockholm over the years I've been there. I've been there a few times. And, I. I, I quite like Sweden. And, I always say that Sweden is kinda like Canada with much better architecture. And it's, the people are really great, but they're also very blunt in that way. That, that I, a lot of the sort of the Nordic people can be And. I always find, every time I went there, I You know I'd go and I'd see people, relatives or, or friends, and they'd say, oh, look at you. You look quite fat.


And I'm like, and I'm like, well, thanks. It's great to see you too. My my You are tired. You are very tired. And, I can tell by your face. Looks terrible. That's absolutely correct. I don't allow my wife to go on any of the group chats with the schools because she offends everyone instantly with remarks. Exactly. Like, Wait, Hugh, did you ever, speaking of the, the, the character, how you just described your wife, did you find it difficult to give up control as a man when you met her like you had before you met her? Were you like more in control of, or did you believe you were in control of more? And then when you met her, you're like, yeah, I guess I could hand this off to her.


This is fine. I seem to be quite happy in my pussy roll. I, I just, I just can't believe she likes me. I mean, You know, I, I'm a bit chatty compared to Swedish men. Her Sure. And I You know. She catches me watching the sound of music in the afternoons. I Love it. We'd get along great. Yeah. So, God, I love the visual. She also has a long list of things that she says are unshakable in a man. Yes. And they're really tough. Like having tea instead of coffee. Yeah. Driving an electric car. Yeah. JV So far. Check, check For me. Yeah, exactly.


I wish I could remember the other ones. They're good. So those are things that, that, that, that, that, that deem you ineligible for her, her pleasure. Yeah. That's correct. Yeah. So you're a coffee man full combustion engine. So all, All three children are adopted. So wait, Wait. So what? So what does she see in you, man? I know. Yeah. It's a, it's a mystery. And she was married before to a, a very butch ski champion instructor or something. And now there was an ugly moment when I was filming this film, heretic in Canada. When I went for a walk one day we were filming in Vancouver.


I went for a walk on Whistler Mountain. Sure. Nearby beautiful And I told my wife on the phone, and there was a bit of a silence. And then it turned out that her ex-husband lives on Whistler Mountain. No way. I'm I'm not very good in nature. And I did get into slight difficulties that day. And I had this nightmare scenario in which her ex-husband rescues me, carries me down the mountain over his shoulder. That would've been a low, low point. He rescues you because he because he lives in the trees. Yeah. Because he's living close to the bone on the land. He's sort of Exactly hauling logs through waste deep snow. Yeah. Well, that's him.


And we will be right back.


So I don't know about you, but I've worked in tons of orifices. Like there's, I mean, I don't wanna go through all of them. You You know what the orifices are actually. Sorry, Sean. It's offices. Oh. Hey guys. While there are many different types of offices out there, one thing's for certain, choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge responsibility. Thanks Bennett. Well, if you're hiring and wanna find the best candidate for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart Technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent. So you don't waste time or money. You can invite top candidates for your job to apply to encourage them to apply sooner. But make sure it's an office and not an orifice. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day? Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need no matter where you are in life. When you need coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Food has been a recurring topic on the show, highlighting a clear interest in what goes into our bodies. And that includes supplements that can help feel like you're functioning at your peak, which is why you've gotta check out these supplements from Thorn Thorn's. Got all the supplements we need to help promote and maintain our individual health goals. Now I take the vitamin D 5,000 'cause it supports healthy teeth, bones, and muscles, as well as cardiovascular and immune function. And I'm lacking a little bit at my last blood test, I'm lacking a little bit of vitamin D, so I take the vitamin D 5,000 and I'm totally known a difference. And I also tried the Daily Greens Plus, which energizes my mornings. It's got 28 powerhouse ingredients that promote physical endurance, helps with my brain and cognitive performance and energy production. Whatever your body needs though, you can start your health and wellness journey today@thorn.com. That's T-H-O-R-N e.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


And now back to the show, Hugh, let's go way back. Let's go way back to So I think for a lot of people, certainly in this country and, and in and in Canada as well. I'm gonna speak to my, my fellow Canadians. We sort of came to know you. I I think through four weddings in a funeral was the thing where we went. Everybody went, oh, this guy is a, a amazing, but, but truth be told, it wasn't your first film. You'd you'd made quite a few films before. Yeah, I had a, I had a career before Four Weddings, but it was a bit lame. I specialized in really low quality miniseries like Judith Kranz Till we meet again.


I was, I I was always, for some reason in these miniseries, I was always a champagne baron and an evil Champagne Baron. I did hundreds of those parts. And I You know, used to sell the family reserves of the best champagne to the Nazis and then get horse swept outta the house by Michael York who Swept outta the house. Yes. Another alternate title for the biography, having raped my half sister, Courtney Cox. Oh my God. Yes. Jesus Christ. This has taken a turn for the better that I, and keep going. And I'd love to see this. Oh, I, there was another one where I was You know there's a, there's a, a brand of champagne called Shaik.


Anyway, I was him. And what Do you mean? Well, I played him, I played him. It was partly sponsored by the champagne makers themselves. It was not a high point in television history, I don't think. Okay. And I made the mistake of doing a French accent. And I didn't have great lines. I remember I had to say things like, you must listen to a champagne. There is laughter into bubbles. You know there's lines like that. Oh God. How long, how long have you been a professional actor earning a paycheck? Yeah. Well, 40 years. Yeah. Wow. Isn't that amazing? And it start And before you were earning a paycheck, you were, you were learning, I'm guessing.


Was there, was there much training? Was there No. Could tell. How early did, did the bug bite you? You can tell. Maybe it was not great training. No, you're fine. Actually. I never, I never trained it. The whole thing started by mistake. I had left university. I was heading off to do another degree in a different subject, which I didn't really want to do that much. Which was what? Which is what? Well, I was highly pretentious. I'd just done a, a degree in English literature. I thank you. I was off to do a history of art masters. And anyway, as I, in the summer when that, when that was about to happen, someone said, Carmen, watch this amateur film that I had played a small part in while a student at Oxford And I thought I might as well.


I was showing BTA in Piccadilly that night. And I went there on my bicycle. And I watched it. It was not a good film. I was not good in it. But at that time in England, it was very much the vogue for actors to be hoity toity posh. It was the time of chariots of Fire and Right. Brideshead revisited and things like that. Yeah. So agents said to me, would you like to be an actor? We'd like to represent you. And I said, no, thank you very much. And went back to prepare for a world in the history of art. And, and then I suddenly thought, actually, I've got no money, so maybe I should do that for a year.


And then I'll go and do my other degree. So I rang them back. I said, yeah, look, I'll do, I'll do this for a bit. And I, I got jobs, but I was so bad. I thought, I can't leave it at that. I'll do one more and try and be better. And that has gone on for 40 years. Isn't That interesting? Because Yeah, because you're English like we all revere and you, it's just, it's, you just assume that you've had all this training as most Well, well, I was gonna say, yeah. And, and there are so many, of course, there are so many English actors who, who work over here and, and who as Englishmen or, or pose as Americans.


But there is always that thing about You know, having gone to drama school, having gone to You know Radha or whatever. And, I. Wonder if growing up in that environment, now of course you were coming out of Oxford, but growing up and, and, and a lot of your peers who are coming out of these schools, was there kind of a, I don't know, was there a thing about that? Was that, was that something that they, that that those people, I'm not asking you to speak ill of your friends, but was, was there a kind of a thing about that? Were they kind of did, were they lorded that over With the ones who'd been to drama school? Yeah. Well, when I did this acting, I was nervous of them. 'cause I, I thought they must know stuff. I don't know.


And I. I did read books about You know the Voice and the body. And I did tragic drills in the park by myself. But no, really awful, awful. I did one where you had to said you must run backwards with your arms spread out. Shouting ha from your diaphragm. And I. I was in the theater up in Nottingham in north of England at the time. And I went to the local park. And I did these things. And then I remember looking over at some local kids who were saying, look, he's doing it again. What a wanker. There he goes again.


Yeah. In many ways, yeah. They were rice. Do you re do you remember what the what the what the what the big switch and, and change was when you went back to do it again and do it better and, and, and, and not be quite as, as bad an actor as you, you say you were, do you remember what, what did you do anything on purpose that pushed you more towards the higher quality performance? Wa was there one thing? Well, yeah. You, you all know this. It's only about parts. It's just about how good the part is. Really. And in, in the end, the script for weddings and a funeral came across my desk and I auditioned And.


they really didn't want me, the guy who wrote it, Richard Curtis really didn't want me. He thought I was all wrong. But the man who directed it did. And that seemed to help. Although I must say I never really felt I, I got that part. I You know You know. You get that feeling, don't you? When you think I'm being rather good. I'm absolutely in character here. I never, I never felt that with How'd you mean that guy? How'd you mean I couldn't hear him? I I have to hear them. And I couldn't hear him. Well, I couldn't anyway, off the page. It helped after I finally met Richard Curtis who wrote it, who is that guy? And so in some ways, I'm just doing an imitation of him in, in that film. Do you ever sit back and, because I mean, we've all seen so much of your work.


Do you absorb, how do you get a moment of how being proud of yourself and like, taking it all in and being like, I mean, you don't seem the type, but like, my wish for you is that you is that you accept it, You know, accept all the great work you've done. Well, it is nice of you. I've got better. And that's, that is a mystery. It's part, again, I think it's partly parts. So when I got too old and ugly to do romantic comedies and started being offered these weirdo parts, it suited me better. Now you're now you're killing people running down the street. And, and You know I have another weird, well, I have two theories about it. One is I learned really much too late in my career that you have to mean it, that you have to think it.


There's a whole other script behind the script, which is all about thoughts and feelings. And prior to that, I'd always just thought, I just need to land this funny line. Right. Timing. And that's, that's not the way to be good. So meaning it was one thing, but the other thing was, I, I have a weird theory that it was having children I think I I was a dried up middle-aged golf addicted Englishman. Then I had children and suddenly I, I had heart And I I. think I had more layers or something. Wait a second. Love that. Now you're speaking our language. Yeah. Jason And I are are, are, we're in two hours. We're we're teeing off. We're gonna Well, and if you ever are in town, And, you wanna play with us, Hugh?


Please Do. Yeah. You just said, can I come? I Just asked. Okay. Now I can't today. But you'll be glad to today. We Need a fourth Tomorrow. We need a fourth if you can play tomorrow. So Hugh the talk a little bit about You know And. you say jokingly, you said You know too old, too ugly to to do the, the romcom parts anymore. But You know, talk a bit about sort of the, the half serious part of that where You know your looks still are incredible. But that, that was a a, a large part of, of, of what we knew and loved about you was this incredibly handsome dashing man providing the lead in all of these films, which I'd like to still see you do considering your in incredible looks maintaining here.


But like, was that something that got in your way? Like some sort of You know, famous famously beautiful actresses of our time have, have often mentioned that You know they weren't taken seriously because they were so gorgeous. I mean, You know. Was that ever something that you thought, well, God You know I wanna be taken seriously as an actor, but people are hiring me for my looks. Was that ever something that was a problem? Well, I entirely lost faith that I could do anything else. I I, I believed my critics really? Mm. But I see now, maybe I was wrong because at the very beginning, if I had any talent, it was for doing strange characters and silly voices and things, outlandish things that were nothing like me.


And I had this comedy group that was actually quite successful. The London and Edinburgh sort of fringe circuit, which was all character stuff. You know silly characters. What, What kind of year was it? What, sorry. That would be mid eighties. Okay. Okay. And yeah, we used to perform in pubs with people like Mike Myers. He was next on the bill. Oh wow. Yeah. And that was fun. And, and actually just after I made Four Weddings, I shot another film of the same director before Four Weddings was actually released, which was You know I was a a, a nicotine stained, predatory, evil, twisted, unpleasant theater director. And I was pretty good.


And I Wish that at least I'd kept that other strand of my career going through all those years and years of romcoms. Not that I, I hasten to add, not that I hate the romantic comedies. I'm proud of them. It's nice to have made films that actually entertain people. And they're much harder than people think. And in some cases, much better I think than the s nearest. Think my wife's good on this. She, she was watching I think love actually the other day. 'cause we like to watch one of my films every night. I make all the children watch it. If they don't watch them And, they don't get fed. And she Said Quite correctly, she said, what's good about this film is that it's about pain.


And those, the good romantic comedies I did were really about pain. It's about humor, dealing with pain, the pain of being Right, of Course. Unrequited love, et cetera. And so do you, do you feel that perhaps, but for the massive success of, of the more sort of commercial efforts that you made, the romcom stuff that you would have maybe had a better chance at being received as a, as a as as a thespian. It's You know, sometimes You know. Our our great directors get stuck in that too. You know they're, they're in, they're incredibly sophisticated, but then they direct some big popcorn success and now they're that director where They're shackled by financial success. Right? Yeah, Exactly. Greed pays a big part in this.


Yeah. Greed and Laziness And. they, they, they've played, those two have played a huge part in my career. Well, but you're being falsely modest here. But, but do you think that, would you have made different decisions earlier on to balance out more of the output, like chosen some Yes. Weird characters alongside the others. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. Well, I still had some confidence coming off this other weird film I did before for weddings. Yeah. And then another one called Restoration, which was not a very successful film with Robert Downey. But I played a a yeah, kind of freakish cameo in that. And I was pretty good. I thought And I should have, I should have at least kept that going.


Well, are you looking forward to now this, this stage of You know, maybe like saying, well check out what's been under this all this time and here comes some more interesting parts for me. Yeah. Well I suppose that's, that's what I've been doing for the last seven or eight years. Yeah. I I was gonna say that. It seems like you've kind of been on that track a little bit. Yeah. And you've been sort of mixing it up. I, yeah, I I have mixed it up. Yeah. Just, Just, I, I'm so late To the party. But The Undoing is a perfect example that you were so great in that with Nicole Kidman. And I loved that series. 'cause I'm, I'm a big fan of thrillers and stuff like that, so that was incredible. I loved that series.


Oh, that's nice of you. Yeah. Not easy, but very well directed that thing very well. But Susanna Bear Danish You know that whole scan noir thing that she brought Yeah. She made that what it was I think really Cool. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I was gonna say, I don't wanna spoil it, but it's ancient history now to be that charming guy, the ideal husband. He's a, a cancer doctor for kids. Yeah. Loving to his child. Loving to his wife. Marvelous And. it turns out he's an absolute savage psychopath. Yeah. Yeah. I love That. You know, You know, it's funny, Hugh, you seem to have like this, this, this very sort of, I gotta say kind of refreshing and, and very, I don't even know what to say, sort of honest, this sort of sort of self-appraisal that you're doing, And I.


And maybe it's because And I, I, And I will say, I do share with you as now that I'm north of 50, I'm 54, I, I spent a lot of time. I I don't take as many things as seriously as I used to when I was a young man. Certainly when I was a young actor, certainly my career, I didn't have the career that you did in film. In fact, I always joke that if it, it wasn't for bad films, I wouldn't have made one. But, but, but you, you, you seem to have this very sort of healthy self-deprecating thing. And it's not even self-deprecating, I think it's quite, it's obviously very funny. But it's also, I I wonder how much of it for you is cathartic to just kinda let it all go and, and not be serious about it.


Is is that a conscious decision? IIII quite like it and, and you're encouraging me to do it more about myself. Well, I dunno. I mean, I feel actors can sometimes get a little pious or reverent about what they're doing. And I've never, I've never been able to go down that alley. I do in the end, think we're in the entertainment business and if you're not entertaining people, What are you doing? Yeah. What are you doing? It's a bit of a, it's a bit master basery. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I agree. Sean, you wanna speak to that? Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, no, I, I totally agree. I I, I always thought that like if you exactly what you just said, like there, there's a lane to pick where you make great things that speak to your heart and that are true for you and that you wanna make.


And that's called art. And in some form it's all art. But if nobody's watching you make that art, it's like if a tree falls in the forest You know, like, then what are you doing? I know. But that, but that's not right either. Right. I, I take back everything I just said because Okay. Because if you don't have the people trying new stuff No, I know. It's a, it's a balancing act. It's a balancing act. And the problem is I think under the umbrella of art comes an awful lot of pretentious dross. Yeah. That deserves to die in the forest. That's true. But also some absolute gems and artistry that actually genuinely gets me going. On the plane last night, I watched a zone of interest And, you God, you cannot get.


Yeah. That's Incredible. More incredible film making in every aspect Amazing than That film. It's Incredible. And And, I that clearly is not made for You Know. Right. The masses, What you might call an entertainment or, or money. But it's You know incredible Sean and Sean and Scotty. You guys don't 'cause you, you, you, it's not part of the MCU as we'd call it. Right. The Marvel Cinematic University so adore Sean Scott, Sean, Sean and his husband are, are, are, can often be found with sort of children's lightsabers battling on the front lawn spocky. Yeah. Yeah. I like to call it the front lines, but Yeah, yeah. No, we You know we we're big sci-fi fans. But I know what you mean. I think the goals then sh You know if you're making the thing something like zone of interest And, it does find an audience.


That's as it has. I believe that's the real win is when you're making Well, Well, because it's illuminating. It's illuminating, right? Yeah. Yeah. I I mean not only is it great art, there's also a method, but it's illuminating and exposing people to, to art. Sometimes Jason, as you say, making the medicine go down earlier. I I hate even calling it medicine because it is, but but also getting into conversations about what is art and what is not. Art is a very slippery slope into douche baggery. Right. I agree. Right, right, right. For sure. And I think what what what sometimes has got lost or perhaps has got lost is that it was possible to make big successful box office films that were smart. Mm.


I used to have a deal with Castle Rock Pictures and Rob Reiner, who was the kind of boss of that, always said, there are $200 million movies in this country. One of them's moronic and the other is very bright and And. you can make big successful films that are intelligent, smart. Yeah. You know groundbreaking and he did lots of them You know and I think it's sad that that's got lost, that that doesn't seem to exist so much anymore. Or maybe it's it's moved over to Netflix or something. Hmm. We'll be right back.


Rakuten is the best way to save tons of money this holiday season. With Rakuten, you can stack holiday sales and deals on top of cash back to maximize your savings at over 3,500 stores. Shores will be at the highest cash back rates of the year, all the way up to 15% cash back at some of your favorite brands through the holiday season. Here's how it works. Your favorite stores like Macy's, Nike, Bloomingdale's, pay Rakuten to send them shoppers and Rakuten passes on a part of that money to members via PayPal or check get cash back at hundreds of stores across every single category, including fashion, beauty, electronics, home essentials, travel, dining, and so much more. Plus membership is free and it's easy to sign up. So I use chewy.com a whole bunch with whatever Ricky needs. My our dog, Ricky Golden Doodle. And so I go through Rakuten and I've saved so much money because I have a little bit of a problem. I'm buying too many toys 'cause he's so spoiled and I've used it so many times. I thought maybe I might change just for me, the name Rakuten to Rick Tin. Get it. Join the 17 million members who are already saving. Start all of your holiday shopping at Rakuten dot com or download the Rakuten app to start saving today. Your cashback really adds up.


SmartLess fans. Your favorite podcast is some must have merch waiting for you at the SiriusXM online store. And here's the best part, the store is powered by Shopify. So grabbing your gear is as easy as pressing play on a new episode. We're grateful Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you. Our listeners, Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats and coffee mugs, shameless plugs, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person POS system. Shopify's got you covered. Plus sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All star. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash SmartLess now to grow your business. No matter what stage you are in.


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Ever hear people say that something is like therapy for them? Playing tennis is therapy for me, listening to music is my therapy. Cooking is like therapy. Well, You know it's therapy for me. You guessed it. Therapy because when it comes to sorting out issues, figuring stuff out, and just making you feel better about yourself, you can't beat the real thing. BetterHelp online therapy is the easiest way for you to try out therapy for yourself. BetterHelp is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Start by filling out a simple questionnaire to be matched with a licensed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Connect with them via phone, video, text or chat. Whatever works for you at a time and place that works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So if you ever struggle with depression, relationship problems, social anxiety, or family conflicts, give BetterHelp a try. It's not a substitute for therapy. It is therapy. I talk about it all the time. I've benefited from therapy myself, as you all know, I've been in New York for almost three months now. Three months is a long time to be away from home and Ricky and all my familiar surroundings and stuff like that. So I talked about it in therapy last week. Not that earth shattering end of the world, but it just helps to talk it through. And that's what therapy does for me. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. Now What about junkets? Now you, you like the older you get for my sister Tracy who doesn't junket is a press tour for any project you're working on. And You And I. Bet you that's what Hugh's in town for, Hugh's in town to answer a bunch of questions about this new movie coming out. And it's part of sort of yeah, You know. Bang the drum light your hair on fire and save Is great. Right? Not only that, let, let's discuss the worst part, which is the, the, the back-to-back junket days when you sit in a room and then they trot the, he's about to go Downstairs and start that And. you do thir And. they And they say, okay, so today it's 35 and tomorrow, tomorrow it's 41 in a row. And I know you're listening at home and you're saying, Hey, fuck you. I stare at a wall all day and then I drive home.


But this is equally as mind numbing, I assure you. Yeah. I, my my que Yeah. To that point, my question is just like the, what we were talking about before, the older you get, you kind of have, don't you have the power to say, guys, I'm gonna do like three today and that's it. Or I don't know. Yes, you do, I suppose, but you feel a bit of an asshole if you do that. Yeah, I, yeah. Because you've come to love the filmmakers, don't you? You love your Yeah. You know everyone's put themselves out there and it's a terrifying moment when you're about to present something to the public and to just walk away and say, I'm too grand to talk to the Sure, sure. Media Is a bit wanky. Yeah, Yeah, for sure. But what, what happens in the scenario where you, you've seen the film and you're like, oh boy, oh, this not come together.


I've been that this did not work yet. You still have to go out and Yeah. And champion it. Is that, is that difficult? Well, traditionally at that point I like to get arrested and then Ah, Brilliant. Then you or you're kind of out of the loop You know, Very smart plan. You're na Tech, Tech not Avail La But this one, I imagine this one you're excited to, to talk about. You're in one of those really cool new that love this new, I guess it's not a new genre, but it's a, it's a, it's a tilt on the genre of of, of horror films where they've really over the last, what five or 10 years become much more cinematic.


Like these are really, really well made films. They're beautiful and they're challenging. And I would imagine this is, this is one of those, did you, did you have a great time doing it? Are you happy with the end product? I am very happy with the end product, And. you are right. I, well, part of the reason I did it was 'cause it was a 24 and yeah, it's not often in life that you get something as surprising and uplifting as what they've done for cinema with just sheer balls and courage and good taste creating film after film that's, that's fresh and new and often utterly fucking terrifying.


I'm still getting over Midsummer. Do you ever see That film? No. I wanna see that. I haven't seen that. Oh my God. Well, it's kinda like what you said, what Rob Reiner said is You know like what, why can't, can't You have something that is artistically sound, but also so enjoyable and so satisfying and delivers so thoroughly that it makes a whole lot of money, sells a bunch of popcorn at the same time and That's the dream scenario. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. That's the bullseye. Heretic has got that. Well, it's definitely very smart. I mean it's, it's, it's fascinating. There's, I I am I'm a character who makes a lot of quite long speeches in it about religion and they were genuinely fascinating to me the these two weirdos who wrote and directed it.


Scott and Brian, who also wrote, for instance, a quiet place. They're interesting guys. They, they did years of research to come up with the arguments I make in this film. And I think they are really quite startling and fascinating and so And I. Yeah. I enjoyed All that part of it. And it's filmy. I'm obsessed with films being filmy and not just like a big format tv. Yeah. So it's got incredible production design, incredible You know photography and it's daring because traditionally as You know, all films tend to try and keep their dialogue quite pithy and short.


This is very dialogue heavy. And How are you at learning your lines? Well, worse and worse. You know the older I get, the more I drink, but I now start weeks and weeks early. And I do you go for walks every day going through every single line over and over again? Because I think they, I have a theory that they're like dance steps and that the more you repeat your dance steps, the more you can't forget them on the day. And then you then on the day you can have other thoughts and other feelings and Yeah. Do what actors are supposed to do. Yeah, because It's in your skin. Yeah. It's in Your skin. And, I. I hate seeing in my eyes or any other actors' eyes, I think he's just looking for his next line there. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Do you, Jason, do you, do you record? Sorry, go ahead Sean. I was gonna say, Jason has the opposite. He, he can look at something and memorize it in five seconds. He's very good at memorizing. I don't understand it. I don't understand it. It, it is not that great, but it's, I do, it's sort of a self-preservation thing. I find, I find if I, if I, I wish I could do what you do, Hugh, but I find if the more I do that, the more I sort of nail in a way I'm gonna do that line. Yeah. The more and more I talk about it and rehearse it, then I'm less flexible on the day. Yes. When I see what the other actor is doing, And I actually have to change a little bit. Yes, yes. It's harder for me if I'm really nailed down with the lines. You know, Are you? Right. So I, I worked in the theater once with a very good director who used to say, don't nest.


You're nesting your lines in rehearsal. You know, and that was brilliant. You, you don't wanna nest. But at the same time, I, I've worked with actors, as I say, where they're just struggling for their lines the whole time. That's all that's going on in their, in their, We used, we used to sort of 20 years ago when, when Jason, Jason And, I were doing a television show called Arrested Development, and we used to constantly be getting rewrites at the last second. And so we'd have our sides with us on set and we'd be looking at them and we'd blah, blah blah and just trying to jam it and jam it in. They'd be like, rolling. Okay, rolling. Here we go guys. Everybody's up in front of them, just looking, looking, looking. And there, one of the sets was this, this, this living room of this house. And we'd jam our sides between the cushions.


So years later, do you remember this, Jay? Years later we went and we, we did a few more seasons of the show for Netflix. Like whatever it was, eight, 10 years later, And, they, they had all the old sets. They preserve them somewhere out in, I don't know, in the desert where they keep sets of old television shows. And, they brought the original stuff and we sit, we go to rehearse the first day we're sitting on the couch, And I, reach And I think there's no chance I reach between the cushions And There are all these sides that had been jammed in there Years earlier. That's from the last second jamming them in. Isn't that funny? I, Hey, well Hugh You know you, you sound like you are you, you, you really, you're a big film fan as far as the way things are shot and designed and whatnot.


Have you, with all your set experience Yeah. Have you ever flirted with directing? Is that an interest to you? It is of interest. There's lots of it, which is of interest. The bit that would get me down is, is the work a year or two years on the same story. I've produced films in the past and You know by the end of the a year and a half you just think, I don't care anymore. Just get it out. You know when you're in a Foley session about which footsteps for the postman coming up. The stu Yeah, True. But, but Jason, you love that kind of intricacy stuff. Well he loves Postman approaching. I do, I actually, yeah, we we're coming up with the sound of what, what is it sound, what is the sound of a body hitting the ground?


I did that on, on Ozark once And, it was from 40 Stories and now we've got this other one and this new one where it's just three stories and it's gonna be a different sound and I'm Yeah, it's a loter. Try to find that. Yeah, exactly. How did you get the 40 story one. It's just old. Did you actually throw someone out? Well, no. That was, that was something that we thought about doing actually, like throwing a big bag of something out. But yeah, no, anyway, it was just louder than the three story one. But I, I do, I do anticipate that process being, becoming a bit tiresome at some point I'm gonna gas and I'm gonna be like, yeah, You know what, it's just, just the acting part from, for, for a while now. Yeah. Yeah. You know. You think so? Perhaps.


It's also very, very hard to see the story. I find after a, a year or a year and a half. Just to Lose your objectivity. Yeah. I To produce one of those ones we used to call You know the cleaning lady in, in the editing room and just say, come and watch this film. And then suddenly you could see it, you see it through someone else's eyes. But yeah, I couldn't, I couldn't see what other people What what about, what about writing Hugh? Have you, have you done any writing or any film writing? Any other kind of writing? Well, increasingly I ginger up my dialogue. Not on every film, but on some of them. A lot. A lot. It may be up to 80% is, is scribbled by me. Oh really? Yeah. That's, that's, there's nothing wrong with That. And then how do you navigate that tricky process of, of Not offending anyone For ask?


Well, yeah. And like, you gotta kind of pitch that to the director and or the writer or the other actors. And then what if they say, yeah, no, I like it the other way. And then you're like, yeah, but I'm the one talking And. I don't wanna sound like an idiot. So here's the better dialogue. Well, I agree. It's Little window And. it very, I'm a master of that particular labyrinth, though. And I also am fully aware that nine times outta 10 when an actor says, I've got some ideas, it's gonna be shit. And Yeah. Yeah. And, you don't want to hear it. And. you dread it. And then You know. Sometimes the director will have to say, now let's do one of yours. Just which You know is gonna end up on the cutting room floor, just to keep him happy. Yeah. I am. I imagine. I don't know you, but I imagine that Diplomacy is, is one of your strong suits.


I I I You flat out genius at that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That, that comes across rather, it Would help you with directing. Yeah. It would actually help you with directing. 'cause that's all it is, isn't it? I mean, it's a lot of it. Hugh, When you come to, when you come to la what are the things you look forward to, to doing? Or as you say, when you just quote, get out of the house, what are the things you look forward to? Well, I, I was a golf addict for 12 years. Sure. So I, I used to get the guys together and go and golf. In the very old days in the Judith Krantz till we meet again days, I used to go to Rancho Park. I bet you never played there. Of Course we have Have. Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. They used to announce your name through a loudspeaker. They still do.


They still do. And you team up with three guys you never met. Yeah. Yeah. More rounds played on that golf course than anywhere in the country. And I, tell you what, if you luck a seven hour round, Rancho is your place. So you've kicked, have you kicked the habit? Having, having kids is runs counter to it. Yeah. That, that killed everything. And also I got the, I got the Shanks. Oh, Oh, did you? Yeah. I got the Shanks or the Tom Hanks, as we call 'em in rhyming s slang worse than Yeah. Anybody's ever had them. What's Shank? What, what are the Shanks? That's when the ball goes far right? Instead of straight or far. Right. It's almost impossible to achieve if you try to do it. But it's where the, the head of the club meets the shaft of the club. Oh yeah. And so the ball goes humiliatingly, The Hazel You know, there's a very, quite famously Ian Baker Finch who, who won the open and who's now a broadcaster here in America, a golf broadcaster.


And, and he's by the way, very good golf broadcaster. And he still plays. We actually saw him last year playing, I mean, not professionally. He doesn't play professionally because he won the open. He was, he was sort of at the top of the game. And he got the Shanks. Yeah. And he, and he couldn't hit a fairway and he couldn't. And it's so Shanks for nothing. Yeah. Yeah. Well done. I once lost a Thanks. I lost a ball chipping from off the Green on Oh God. Live television. I was in a big ProAm in Scotland and all I had was a, the tiniest chip up onto this green, one of those courses in Scotland, shanked. It went into one of those little streams and was taken out to see lost.


That's funny. That's pro probably when I gave up golf, Jason, Jason, one time at a ProAm at Pebble Beach two year, two, three years ago, playing a couple groups ahead. Me was in a bunker on the third hole. And, and he thinned one, he hid it thin outta the bunker. And it went straight into the windshield of A car. Oh, that's magnificent. And And, I just, I, I just DD dove in the bunker and just got outside. He Ducked, walked away and went to the next hole. That's shameful. I Know. Would you like to know my, my, my most shameful moment like that, please? Yeah. Took my dad and my brother to play golf in Northern France.


And there was one course we wanted to play on. It wasn't open, but they said we, 'cause we got our big tournament today, but we will open it, especially for you, Mr. Grant, Mr Ya grant. In fact, come early. We'll, I, we'll cook you a special breakfast and we'll take you to the first tee so long as you get off before the tournament, everything's fine. So we turn up, they cook us a lovely breakfast. They drive us to the first tee round, about the third hole. I'm already in a rage. I had terrible gulf rage. I've Had, I got the Shanks with some chip and threw my wedge as far as I could over a kind of hill by the side of the third green into the bushes thought. Right. I never wanna see that funky thing again.


Then realized over that hill was not the bushes, but was in fact the first green And I go over the top of the hill and there is my wedge embedded like a tomahawk in the middle of the green right next to the hole. And the competition has now started with their best players coming up the green. And the guy who'd cooked us breakfast sitting in a buggy right by the green. No, no. Hello there. Yeah. Yeah. Bojo some crazy man. Stole my wedge and threw it over this hill. I'm so glad I found it. Yeah. That's funny. Oh no. Did you ever get to, did you ever get to be a single digit? I, I did. I got to 6.7 that my Zen Oh, nice.


Yeah. But I You are lower than that, I can tell from your Face. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not at all. I can't play to that at all. Who you, are you with your, any of your family, your kids, your wife? Did they travel with you or are you solo? No, thank God. Actually, my wife, my wife is coming out tomorrow, which Is great. Oh, that's fun. Yeah. Well, will you go, will you guys go out to eat? Will you guys go out to like Yes, yes. We Miss concerts. Yeah. No, not concerts. No. We'll go, we'll go out for Scandy drinking dinners. Okay. Good. Wonderful. And I. Still have friends here. Remarkably. Okay. Especially my old Castle Rock friends. Oh, bet. Oh, good, Good. Doing golf with them.


Doing. Oh yeah. Oh good. Yeah. Last thing I'm gonna ask you, Hugh, and then we're gonna let you go. And you, I know you're busy and you're exhausted and this is a drag, but where do you see the next five? Because you're making all these changes and doing all these, if you had it your way, what are, what are the next five years for, For what do they look like? Yeah. Well, In the fantasy, yeah. Which is the same fantasy I've had for 40 years, is that I finally knock it on the head and write my novel or possibly a wonderful script. But I can't seem to get over that hurdle. I, I sit down And I, terrified of failure, but I have pages and pages and pages of ideas and notes and that would be really nice.


'cause also I think right in the last few years, it's become less enjoyable to be recognizable in the street than, well, it's just harder now. I, I find it harder, The camera, 'cause everybody's got a camera. The camera, camera thing is, is tough. Particularly with children. And I. So it be nice, it would be nice to gently disappear. I I would be, I would be first in line to read your book. And I. think it would, I I I imagine it'd be quite good. So I, And I would be second in line to listen to it. Audio version. Well, you, you, you Can do the audio book at the Very Sean and Jason will listen to it. But, but please do, please do write that book. I I think it would. I I imagine there you'd have a lot to, to say. So You've been very nice to me.


Thank you. Well, Such A You're a huge Fan. Massive, massive fan man. Massive fan for a long time in. Well, I, I looked at your three names and saw, I'm frightened of all three of you. 'cause they're all brilliant. No, no, right here. Very sweet. Well, you're, Yeah. And you, I then I googled this, this podcast. Yeah. Because I dunno much about podcast. Sure. No. Nor Nor we Gigantic. You're the richest people I've ever met. I mean, there's plenty more. Yeah, there's plenty more. Yeah. Yeah. Do you do, do You do concerts? You know And? you sort of, We did a tour. We Do live Shows. Yeah. We, we did a tour. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And we went to, we went everywhere. Actually, we were gonna come to London last this time last year, but we Yeah.


We may end up doing European version of it one of these days. Yeah. But yeah, we love going out there on the road. It's really fun. If we come to London and we, even if we would you, would you agree now? And and we won't hold you to it to jump on stage and say hello if we do a, a show in London? Yes, I'd do that. Yes. Okay. And we play, we played golf at Sunningdale. Oh, That'd be great. Oh, Sunningdale. Yes. That would be great. We, we, Jason And I had said, we talked about the London trip and the tour and we said, well, we're gonna have two dates in London and then we'll bring our clubs and then, we'll, we'll also do a date in Dublin. So we'll play in Ireland as well. Yeah. Yeah. We had planned it all. Yeah. Wanted off. I played in my, my golf story, which I've told a long, long time ago here, really, really fast. I played in Dublin with my brother Kevin And I.


This is a true, true story. I hit it. I dunno what Shank or what, shanked again, when you hit your brush, Kinda Yeah. It just goes, goes bad. Yeah. So I hit it, I shanked and it hit a And. I hit it really hard, it hit a tree, bounced off and smack hit me in the neck, my own ball. No. Hit me in my own neck. I swear to God. Jesus Christ. It was Horrible. It was the universe saying, get the fuck outta here. Yeah. And we didn't have Yeah, exactly. And, I did. We didn't have a, a little, what is it called? Cart. We just had to walk everywhere. It's like, God, why is this Enjoyable? That's, We never play with a car. We had never walked 75 mile walk. I don't know. Yeah. All right. It's a nice walk. Why? It's nice walk, walk in a garden, And. you get to play a game at the same time.


Yeah, For Sure. Ah, Hugh, thank you so much. Hugh, Grant, continued success, man. I hope you get to do exactly what you want to do. You deserve it and we deserve to hear about it. And, and thank you for your time and get some rest. Thank you, Sir. It was nice To meet you all. Thank you. It was a pleasure to meet you. And I. Can't wait for Heretic. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah. Nice to meet you. Alright. Good luck with the film. Thanks. You See you. Bye. Alright, bye pal. See you guys. Bye. Wow. Is he funny? I love how Dry and can Candidid and me too. You know, honest, Refreshing. Reminds me. What, what's that Brian Cox quote? I'm too old, too rich and too famous to give a fuck. Isn't that what he said? Yeah. Yeah. Something like that. It was very, very refreshing.


What I, I've always been a fan of his, I never met him. Never really heard or seen an extended interview with him. So that was, that was really nice. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Me neither. I, yeah, it's one of those, I, I don't feel like I know a lot about him, But I, I love his, his career trajectory too. Like Yeah. I love That. He's always, he's probably made, he's made like a hundred movies too. I, yeah, Yeah. He's made so many movies and he's made, and he's made kids movies. Didn't he make, I'm gonna look, God, I should have looked this up. I made terrible. He made that the film. What, what That was Paddington, right? Yeah. Paddington was a great movie. Great. Really well done. Great fucking movie. Remember that? That was a long time ago.


Gosh. I I wonder like, oh, here comes You know back Bridget Jones, by the way. Bridget Jones. Jones, all the Bridge, Jones Jones Films, fucking noting Hill. He made all those, all those movies with Richard Curtis that Richard Curtis wrote talking about the fact that Richard Curtis did not want him for Four Weddings who had written it. And then they went on to, to work together and have like a wonderful working relationship. Yeah. And I wanted to get into that, but he was being too self-deprecating and funny about his life to interrupt him. Yeah. But I, I've always been a fan of thrillers and stuff like that. And, and oh boy, he's got, he's got, what's it called? Heritage. Oh My God. Tic. Yeah. I can't wait to get a ticket for that or, or not get a ticket. But buying a ticket, It's so, honestly, she Are the worst.


Here's the thing. Here's the thing, Sean. Bye. No, it's too lazy. Just hang up on him, Sean. It's not clever. It's not clever. It's just lazy. Fucking bye.


Smart, smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart. Less Experiences make life more meaningful. And with MasterCards priceless.com, you can immerse yourself in unforgettable experiences in dining, sports, art, entertainment, and more in over 40 destinations. From a round of golf with a legendary player to a cooking class with a celebrity chef, you can fuel your passions and create lasting memories. Explore experiences today@priceless.com exclusively. For MasterCard, cardholders terms and conditions apply.