(0s):
Smart, less media. Hey guys. So SmartLess Media has a new show coming out. It's called Staying Alive. It's awesome. It's posted by Adam Pally and John Bu And sorry, Gabe. Sorry, Gabe. Bri Bris. I changed the R and the a, I don't know, it's something you do all the Time. No, it's please I do it. That's Fine. Gay. Sorry. Also, There is something garbus and garbled there. Something That Garbage and garbage. And Looking at glamor At John Pub, There's something that you wanna just like say that's lot of work Going on there. Yeah. Man's pubis. Yeah. By The way, we can talk about that whole episode. The, so at premier's Thursday, April 24th, which is just around the corner and new episodes released every Thursday. You guys, I'm so happy you guys are doing this. It's very exciting. Please tell 'cause I fucking do a horrible job. Please tell us what it's about. We look, this is so exciting. You, you are one of our pod fathers is like, I guess in our contract you've requested we call you that. Yeah. So we're, so, we're so excited to be part Of this, but I'm acting like you like it's not in the contract. Alright. Right. Alright. Sorry. We're supposed to keep that up too. Now I, now I can call you daddy in another frame Of reference. Now I call you daddy in front of other people. Got it. If I had a dollar. Okay. Yeah, tell us. So It basically, John and I were, have been best friends and comedy partners for a long, long time and we hosted a, a travel show called 101 Places To Party Before You Die Yes. On Max. And yes, it's Awesome. We, We like to indulge and we kind of live by this lifestyle of like when in Rome and oftentimes that Rome is Las Vegas. So it's like we, we, we tend to get down and we find ourselves kind of growing up a little bit and thinking, well, We're in our early forties now. And like you do have to counteract speak For yourself, John, early forties. Are you mid forties? Are you calling yourself mid forties? The exact same Age. I just turned 29. That's How, that's how the term mid started, right? Yeah. So I, yeah, I'm emphasis on the mid over here. I'm Tech avail to play Sam free. I'm on ice. I'm On ice. I'm on ice for Sam Free. Put a pin in me. I'm trying to play Jack Black's before picture. So, But so we, we, we took an interest. We, we both have an interest in staying alive as long as we can. And that's So good. So, you know, it's so, it's such a thing that you all of a sudden you try to, you find yourself talking about, right. Like everybody, you know. Right. In your th in your twenties and thirties there's just party, you eat whatever you want, you drink whatever you want. You go anywhere, you do anybody you want like anything, anything that brings like pleasure or whatever. And then all of a sudden you find yourself With lower back pain. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. You're like, you talk to your, hey man, what's going on with it? Do you have this problem too? Like, does it hurt when you pee or like whatever it is. Right. Yeah. And you start talking about it. I noticed that too. It's like Part of the imp talking about it imp of the show was we wanted to talk to health and wellness professionals to learn more and bring that information to other people. But also once you're a certain age, all your conversations with even comics, if you're not shit talking another comic. Right. The thing you're talking about is like, yeah. Have you started taking fish oil yet? Yeah, exactly. Are you doing vitamin C tablets? Yeah, exactly. Like what are you streaming and what's wrong with you physically? Yes, exactly. That's a great one. Whatcha you watching and what's, how Are your streams your pissed and your movies. Right, exactly. All of them. We Dribble, Dribble. So can you, so can you tell us like, one of the things that was the most, I know you probably get asked this a lot, but one of, one of the most eye-opening things are the things that you implement now more than ever. Well, I mean, it, it runs the gamut from like, you know, we had an immunologist on from the NIH who Oh wow. Told us one of the simple things you can do is add, I'm gonna say it wrong, but cru cruciferous, you got it. Cruciferous vegetables into your Diet. And now we use that word like just to kind of be big dog you a little bit Sean. Yeah. But that means broccoli and cauliflower we're so happy to have learned it that we bring it up in every conversation. So Basically she was like, those are the only, those are the vegetables that are really worth Your, what do you mean? Like what do you mean? Like, if you just eat those, you're good. They're Nutrient dense and They're nutrient dense and they're worth it to add to your diet. So If you're not eating them, get 'em in. So a general physician would say, okay, like if you're ordering Chinese food, chicken and broccoli is not a bad order because you're getting broccoli. You know? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know? Okay, Very good. It's, it's simple things, you know, on that level. But then we also had like a friend on who, Elna who told us that salvia can transport you to the quantum realm and you can experience true formlessness. Now I don't know if I'm gonna bring that into my routine, my health routine. Yeah. Adding rips of salvia. Yeah. But this is the kind of information you can get at STAY ALIVE. Yeah. I mean it, I love that it's everything I'm for because I, I I, I need this. The other day, literally just a week ago, Will Arnett said to me, I said, he goes, what'd you do yesterday? And I was like, well I had this lunch with an agent of mine. And then, and he goes lunch and I go, yeah, I like to keep my dinners free. And he goes From what? Vegetables Goes. I nev I never eat that. Yeah, yeah. I never eat that. No. It's crazy that I'm in my, but I have super late twenties and I'm being told eat more vegetables and I'm taking that as like, holy shit, I haven't really considered that. Yeah. I Mean, I thought to add it in juice, like that's just like the way that I'm getting it is Now like Idea in a juice form. Yeah. I, but I, I, I stuff a cauliflower into my blunt. That's my filter. You Say, did you say it to your butt? Yeah. Oh You said, oh yeah. Well there's always one. There's already one there. He just gotta get his Remote control outta there first. My vibrating, my vibrating television cauliflower that only Adam has the remote too. Alright, We're gonna listen to the trailer really quick. Here we go. Listen Up. Podcast fans. Joe Rogan. Theo Vaughn. Tim Dillon won't be on our show at all. They've said No, they've said no because of our Beliefs. That's Adam Pey. That's John Gabriels. And We are the co-hosts of SmartLess Media's new podcast called Staying Alive. That's right. Staying Alive. Our new health and wellness podcast. That is neither for the healthy or well, Well, it's maybe for health by health. We'll Have guests like our friend actor Jerry O'Connell. Bally, You are looking good. Thank you. I'm, I've Seen you not looking good. Yeah. And you're looking Good. Thank you Jay. You're Not the first guest to say I've seen you look worse comedian Paul Sheer. I love to cold plunge. I, I found a lot of success. Do you have one in your house? I do. So I also flooded my house with it. But that's why it's Outside though. It's outside. Ketamine therapist, Dr. Steven Icz. So I called spiritual herd immunity. Now when you're in this place, I start to see through those Things, but I believe in spiritual herd immunity 'cause I'm a spiritual anti-vaxxer. Yeah. Yeah. So I think that that's kind of the only Wayo wom talking to us about how she hates breakfast. Here's my thing is I'm not, I don't have an appetite in the morning because I'm eating up until the minute I close my eyes. And I'm Serious cardiologist, Dr. Amar. Sheer Stress actually it affects the blood pressure. So as much as you can kind of reduce your Stress and it's chill to do coke. Right. Definitely Don't do coke. Okay. Alright. Nacho to do coke. Got it. Yeah. Jillian Bell. I Think it's natural also for our age too. Like Jillian's 25 and you and I I'm a hard 25. You're a hard 25. Yeah. You've lived the life. I'm a rough and I'm a road hard 34. I and I'm not that hard. And 43 And so many more. So many more. You Know, Adam and I, we may not be wellness experts, but I can tell you this, we are curious freaks who love to talk about this Shit and we've done enough harm to our bodies to know that now's the time to maybe make a change. Yeah. We can't say we can make a u-turn in our lives, but at least we could pump the brakes a Little and maybe make a left. Hey, two wrongs, don't make a left. Right? Correct. Staying Alive premiers April 24th. Anywhere you get your podcasts, get them a week early and ad free with SiriusXM podcast. Plus on Apple Podcasts. Visit SiriusXM podcast plus to start your free child today. Check out the video version of the show on YouTube on the SmartLess Media channel. Yeah. And Why don't you do us a favor in the meantime, STAY ALIVE, You guys. You're awesome. I can't wait for everybody to hear this. Adam Pally. John Gris. Ooh, there you go. Staying alive again, premier. It's Thursday, April 24th. Here's are fucking hilarious. A great idea for a show. I will totally be listening. Thank you for doing That. Thank you Sha Thank you for not only having us here, but green lighting us in general. Thank you for The green light guys. It was exhausting green lighting. You, I know You really, you carried us over that finish line. We need someone to push the ball uphill like you, Sean. And you are gonna delete all the photos you said right? The ones we Done. Done and done. Okay. Thank you. And We're like Sean Spacey over there. That's Fucking hilarious.