
Sonic has really done it. Yep. They've achieved the perfect balance of texture and flavor with their latest burger. The new Sonic Smasher and Triple Sonic Smasher. They've got made to order smashed and seared Angus patties that are crispy around the edges and juicy in the middle. Stop it off. There's tangy smasher sauce, creamy, melty American cheese, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and it's all served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Try the Sonic smasher today and don't forget to add a half price drink when you order in the app. Live free. Eat Sonic.


Listen Listener. This is Will, if you're hearing this, it means that something, something has happened, which I feared for a long time. This might be the last time you ever hear my voice. And I. Know some of you are celebrating it. That, but just know, just know that I loved every single one of you the same. You all mean so much more to me. And because, because I'm gone. Just know that Sean and Jason don't give a shit about you. They literally said, I said to both of them, I said, do you guys know how much our listener meets?


And they said, I don't give two fucks about our listener. Jason said that as he slammed the door on his European car. Anyway, I love you and welcome to an all new smart list. Smart. Smart. Less smart, less. We had our family reunion. I just got in. Okay, let's move On. Who's ready with their coffee chat? Let's hear it. How was it? And? I did. I just got Back. Did anybody drink into a fight?


No. No, no, no. Nobody fought. It was great. It was fantastic. It was lovely. Jay, You didn't call. I called in. I got to say hi. I got to meet some of the family. I got to meet his niece and her boyfriend. I didn. You called in. I don't understand FaceTime. I, I FaceTime with Sean. We keep in touch and say hello is how normal We talk about this sometimes. What is it? Is it like a nightly thing? I've just been sort of teasing, but now I'm actually, I'm in my fifis about it. You guys talk every, every night. No. No. But you do with Josh. Fucking Josh shot gets you on a FaceTime every goddamn day. Who's Josh? Just this guy likes to talk on this, on his FaceTime with Will on his couch without his top on. That's True. Yeah. And he frames himself just below the tees.


That's true. Just below the tees. Yeah. It's weird. Is he still a plastic on his couch? No. Just when he talks to you. Yeah. He only takes a break. When the guy comes, the food delivery comes. He is always like, one second. Hey. So wait, so how often are you guys FaceTiming? Couple times a week. Maybe higher. Go higher. Higher While you lie to me. Is it, is it every other night? No, No, no, no. So another lie, you go super low or super high. They're lying. No lying. Come On. No, But this is fun for you guys. You guys stay in contact 'cause you're best friends and you like to keep up on each other's lives and call into reunions and stuff like that.


You know, I'm fucking sitting here doing nothing. But Hey, now what we're gonna do is then we're gonna, we're gonna take the clip out of you for the last 10 seconds complaining about it. We're gonna take your, your facial expression and your tone, and then we're gonna ask you, what'd you call that guy? Yeah, that's a great point. Well, maybe just not FaceTime me so you don't have to see the heavy brow. I've, I FaceTimed with you the last time I FaceTimed with you last week. And you were, you were on, do we want to get into this? You were on a floaty Oh yeah. A cool time. Yeah. You know, I've remembered I have a pool. Yeah. You know, I was like, I can enjoy Sean Sean. He was floating. No, no, no, no. How about this? Two weeks ago when I went to visit him, he was on a floatie in the pool at his house.


Yeah. Ordering sushi from the pool. Yeah. I, I like to live the good life every couple of days. You know, way To go. JB. We're trying to get people to dissuade people from the, the opinion that coastal leaves. How types are a bunch. A bunch of dicks. Total douche bags. And you just ruined, wait, no, This is a public pool. I at the, down at the y This is a public pool, but in Jason's defense, he picked up, he drove to pick up the sushi. No kidding. Yeah. Yeah. Look at you. Gross. I wanted to put it in my face quicker than Uber could bring me. Where did you, you didn't go to the place in Beverly Glen, did you? No. No. This was a sugar fish special. Yummy. I love that place. They make a nice box down there.


They do. They do. You know, I do. Is it me or, or does, does sushi delivery now? They've kind of upped things. Yeah. It used to be Didn't travel well. Right. Real slap dash thing with a sweaty, you know, plastic. See-through box. Yeah. Now it's, now it's a paper thing that's got nice printing and Yeah. It's got little sections on it. Yeah. Yeah. All. Let's get to the guest JB before you get to your, I know you're anxious. Yeah. We got, let's remind List or our thing afterwards For our thing afterwards to stick around and listen to Right Sean to our new Yes. It's called GoalLess. It's a new show from SmartLess. Media, our little podcast company. And I'm gonna tell you all about it at the end of the episode.


So please stick around. Yeah. Alright. Tighten up guest. Here we go. Guys. I don't know if you like acting talent. A lot of people do. For some reason, the three of us seem allergic to it being anywhere near our work, but this guy has got a lot of it. Wow. And if we're nice to him, maybe he'll share some. He could also lend us a few of his numerous nominations and wins for his work. Which he's been well, he's been, oh God. Still rolling. Which he's received. Well-deserved recognition for from all over the world. Sean, you're gonna wanna discuss with him the whimsy and the wonder of projects such as Uhoh, the Chronicles of Nia X-Men, children of Dune. Well, will you'll be more interested what in the subjects covered in titles such as Shameless Wanted, filth and Ultimately Atonement.


He's a Scottish treasure, a Celtic f fc, diehard, and a recovering video game addict. Please show some compassion and hospitality to the one and only James. McAvoy. Oh, Oh. my God. Hey guys. What's going on? How you doing James? Look It up. I I I I'm a massive, massive fan. Yeah. Pump the brakes. We're gonna get, we're gonna get to Xmen and things like that. I Mean, and Split Split is one of my favorite movie. One of the best performances I've ever seen. Anybody ever. Oh Yeah. Thank you so much. Very, you Played like 75 characters in that. Just Let's start with, hi, let's start with Hi. Okay. Let's just start with, With Hi. How nice to meet you. I've always wanted to meet you. I'm choke the Puppy. Sean. Yeah. Sorry.


Hey, will, do you have anything you'd like to say about Celtic fc Or do they go, do they, do they mess around with your Liverpool fans? No, they don't because they play in a different league. It was first of all, oh, don't Be shitty. Don't be shitty. So if I were a Rangers fan, then I'd be, we'd have more of an issue. But, but I will say one of my favorite players plays for Liverpool happens to be a Scott Andy Robertson, who I just adore. Sure. He's amazing. And also he's one of the greatest Liverpool players of all time. Yeah. Kenny dle. Not to mention Graham Sunnis, but Kenny dle was also a, a massive, massive like icon for Celtic as well. So Kenny Dug le I had the, I had the pleasure last year. I board these guys when I went on my various trips over to Liverpool, And, I got to sit with Kenny Dog Leash.


I got to sit with, with him. Well, That was so real. First of all, the last game I went to when I went to Jurgen's second last game, he was behind me with his wife and JB, you watch your manners. You're talking about Sir Kenny dog. I'm just working on fake snoring. That's, That sounds so real. This is, you are, honestly, you're about to, you're about to make millions of enemies right now. No, Listen, I love this. It shows that we fucking respect to Sir Kenny Dog Leash. The stand of opposite says the Sir Kenneth dog stands at Liverpool and he's sitting there looking at his own stand. He's an in, he's a fucking icon dude. Yeah, I know. He's brilliant. He's really amazing. He, yeah, he's, he's famously doer.


But I was lucky enough to be managed by him at a charity football event once And I spent like three or four days with him during this time. And Sean was managed by a dog leash at one point in your career, Right? Sean? Yeah. Just a couple. Just a couple tugs. And I'm yours. I Love, Oh God, everybody, I'm sorry James For joining us. I'm gonna leave on The win. Great guys. Thanks very much. This has been like the real part of my career. Thank you. Fucking Fuck.


Does anybody call you Jim or Jimmy? Yeah, yeah. I get, I don't get Jim too much. There's one guy who brilliantly is also, not brilliantly, he's Scottish, but he rather brilliantly calls me. He calls, he's called Jockey and he calls me Jockey. And a couple of mates call me Jimmy Floyd. Wait, jockey. Wait, wait. They call it, wait. Why? Where does Jockey come from? I dunno. Where Jockey comes from. Jock is also rhyming slang for Scottish person. 'cause it's sweaty sock jock. So, oh Really? Go back to sweaty sock boy. Where do you, If you're a, if you're a sweaty, if you're a sweaty sock in England, if you're like a cockney and you're referring to Scottish people who say sweaty sock. 'cause it rhymes with Jock.


So, but he was called Jockey and for some reason he would call me Jockey. But then most of my mates would call me Jimmy Floyd. How about that sense? And where does that come from? Wait, where does Floyd come from? Two of my favorite football players, one of them was Henrik Larson. His name didn't become anything to do with mine. The other one was Jimmy Floyd Hassel Bank. And so they used to call me Jimmy. And then they started calling me Jimmy Floyd. And then they just dropped the Jimmy. And most of them just called me Floyd. And then I've got one mate who's from Newcastle who calls me Jimmy Flo. Jimmy Flo. Jimmy Flo. How's it Found here? Nobody calls me shit. How come I don't have a nickname?


Do I? You can. I'm well. Listen, by the end of this podcast we're gonna have a nickname for you. Frank. Uncle Grumps. Uncle Sy. Yeah. Uncle Handsy. Uncle Bitch. Slap. Wait, James, I have James, I have a feeling by the end of this interview we're gonna have nicknames for each other. I feel, I feel, I feel like we've got a real, a real quick connection right here. Not with the other guys. No. Just, Yeah. James. McAvoy. What, what beverage are you enjoying right now? 'cause it's got a lot of ice in it, which I enjoy. It's sort of what we're in Lime right now. I did have a Cosmo right before we started this. No, You did not. Did you really? Did you a Cos Cosmo? Yeah, I did. I had a Cosmo. I love that. Where are you right now? I'm in my basement, but where I ran back here in, in North London.


In North London. Fantastic. Wow. It looks f fancy. I want to live in, I Now look at, he's just having a little cosmo Wall behind him with Iron Window. Like a Hawaiian shirt on something. Look at this. This Is, this is my basement. This is my little man cave. I don't like that term, but it is like my little place that I get to come and be. And I've got a little sort of wanker gem over there. And I've got, I've got a TV in front of, We're gonna let you rephrase That again. It's where I get stronger as a winker. I really work in my technique. I like try and make it harder for myself. Sometimes I put weights on my hand. Sure. But yeah, You know, you know, I would say that you operate this very unique space where you are such a great actor and you've, but you've managed to kind of create, you, you kind of stay out of any category.


You've, you, you're very unique. Like you've just, I don't know, you've got this kind of patina about you that's very fucking, I remember the first time I was like, wow, this guy's amazing. I was watching, it was Last King of Scotland, which was years ago. I know. Fantastic. Fucking phenomenal film dude. And I was like, who the fuck is this guy? Yeah. This guy's a fucking right. And then you've just, every time I see you kind of carve out these different little niches for yourself and you stay at, I don't know, you've got your own lane that you've created, which is really admirable. 'cause a lot of people kind of go into a kind of a cookie cutter thing. Is that something you're conscious of or you're constantly going, fuck, I wanna do something a little bit different. I wanna be over here, I wanna go over here.


Yeah. No, definitely. I'm look a hundred percent, I, I've been really lucky not to just have to play the same kinda thing again and again and again. Although literally I have been looking at my fucking career and literally I've been, I've been, I'm gonna want you to lay down right through this part and just elevate your head and just tell us what you're feeling. Yeah. Well, you know, I am in my wanker gym, which is where I think about myself generally whilst looking at myself in that middle over there. And Wait. No, keep going. You were thinking about your career and what No, I think about my career and I'm thinking and talking about actors that I love and respect whilst doing press jumps for this movie that I've got coming out speaking No evil.


Sure. It looks so good. I think it's out now. Well, yeah. Well Hey. Huh? It's out now. It's out now. And so many of the actors that I respect and admire And I wouldn't say emulate because I don't, I don't try to emulate anyone. I are actors who have repeatedly kind of done the same thing. And even if they're playing a character who's a person who's in a different situation or a different scenario, which means the same thing, it's, it's, it's, they're kind of the same guy and everything. And yet I don't disrespect them for that. And yet I've spent my whole career trying to go like, I'm gonna be this guy. No, I'm gonna be this guy. Right? No, I'm gonna be this guy.


And then, then luckily in Split and in Glass, I got to do many guys all in one. Incredible. Some women as well. Yeah. So it kind of makes me call any question like the fucking point of playing all these different characters when all the actors I really love are like a tight Yeah, it's a really, really good point because I, I, I'm also a big fan of actors that, I mean, I really respect character actors that like yourself or like a Daniel Day Lewis or somebody that can really morph into somebody completely different with the limp and the, the, the, the thing in the whole, but totally the limp. But I, but I really respect an actor that can, that can be comfortable with just disappearing and not doing anything except just excuse the term story, servicing the story and just not, not doing any sort of performance.


Do you know what I mean? Like, that takes a lot of talent too. And I. I I love those actors. Do You know what it is as well? Listen, I can, I can put it down at a turning point in my career. Let's go guys. Yeah. The interview starts now. No Guys about to get fucking, let's do this. Profound. Let's go. I've definitely got an erection. Not really talking until you say the words Myan career next to each other. You know what I mean? Yeah. We, I did a film when I was in my mid to late twenties. That was, I can't really say what film it is 'cause I'm going to, I'll end up slagging off at the person that I'm talking about. But Slagging off means badmouthing. Yeah. We'll figure it out. And yeah, translated for UK colonials.


And so, so it was great success and, and everything went great. And we got award nominated and we were like, we made loads of money and all that. Like a year and a half, two years later, he comes back to me and he's like, dude, I want you to do this film with me. It's based on a book. And I read the book. And I'm like, I love this character. It's amazing. I get the script. I read the script and they've chopped balls off the character completely. And this incredibly dynamic fucking diverse like, like acting character. Yeah. That is in the book is just this guy who's like, Hello. Right. How are you? Yeah. Doe wide and cries a lot and like Yeah. Does a lot of silent acting. There's a lot of movie acting.


Do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Which I'd done previously with this director to great again to great acclaim and all that kinda stuff. And it was good for me. And, and we had a chat about it. And I said, well look, I don't think it's, we've really captured who he is in the book and stuff. And we had, we kind of fell out. We kinda had a bit of a te at it, right? And he goes, he goes, oh no, I get it. You want to do acting? Oh boy. Oh wow. And I was like, That was, that kind of made my decision for me. And because then didn didn't see this to him, but inside I was like, do you know what mate? Yes, I fucking do. Right? It's what I do. And, but then I have this moment at 45 going like, why are all the actors I really admire not doing any acting.


And I'm out here going like, look at my lib. Look at my Lip. Yeah, yeah. Look at My accent. And, but I'm, I like telling the story on purpose. I get pissed off doing movie acting. I don't enjoy it. And yet I do get to watch other actors do movie acting. And. I. Go fuck. That's brilliant. It's like mad. Yeah. But I mean, as long as it's, you know, not to oversimplify it, but as long as it's real and it comes from a real place, who cares about any of it? It's like, you know. Yeah. And James, when you say movie acting, you're talking about smaller sort of leading man stuff, right? Where you're just sort of like, I'm talking about like Right. Holy Shit. Acting face acting this. Yeah, This is, but sometimes it's great. Like sometimes I can watch something and go, that is full, that is real.


And I'm like, I'm there for it. But nothing acting. Sometimes it winds me up so much. I'm with you on that. And I want to watch somebody give something. Like, I personally believe that the origins of performance and the orange of performance art, the orange, the orange of performance art is, is in an orchard in Sicily. And, I. Think the, the origin of performance art comes from fucking human sacrifice. It comes from sacrificing a goat or sacrificing a baby or sacrificing a person and a bunch of people watching it going, please let it rain this year. And that's the origin of theater. Yeah. That's the origin of, and the person that's up there getting sacrificed, turned into performers, sweating, blood, sacrificing something of themselves.


Whether that's literally their health, their blood, their dignity, their sexuality, their fucking humanity. Whatever it is that you're sacrificing when you're on stage or on screen, you gotta leave something up there. You gotta you've gotta work. I, I wanna see somebody sweat blood. And that's not for everybody. Some people wanna watch an actor just call like that, Right? Yeah. Yeah. James, James, What? Put music over there. What, what, What kind of mushrooms are you on? Because I I And we will be right back.


So I remember the first day of school always being pretty stressful. Just because you don't know where you're going. You want to fit in, you wanna make friends really fast and you spend tons of energy like trying to figure it out, figure it all out. So back to school is stressful. If only I'd have the energy boost of Liquid IV back then Liquid IV Hydration Multiplier plus energy delivers 100 milligrams of natural caffeine plus three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. So you can accomplish all the things you want and need to do. Hydration multiplier plus energy delivers energy comparable to one or two cups of coffee through about 100 milligrams of naturally occurring caffeine. Experience the deliciousness of one of their bestselling flavors of peach. Perfectly paired with highly requested blackberry all in one formula, provides mind and body energy plus hydration that leaves you feeling focused, alert, and ready to take on anything. Tear, pour, live more. One stick plus 16 ounces of water. Hydrates better than water alone. Three times the electrolytes of the leading sports drink. Eight essential vitamins, nutrients, always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free, dairy free and soy free. So I have to hop on a flight from New York to LA and it's a really, really long flight. And I always freak out that I'm gonna get dehydrated up in the air 'cause I've heard that my whole life. So I always pop an IV into a bottle of water and carry it with me on the plane. Hydrate and Boost with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


So you know, Steve Martin and Marty Short are like my comedy heroes and they're the comedy duo who gets it done and the perfect duo when it comes to growing your business. That's you and Shopify. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business. From the launch your online shop stage to the first real life store stage all the way to did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify's there to help you grow. Whether you're selling soap or sand or soap sand Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person, POS system, wherever and whatever you're selling, Shopify's got you covered. Shopify helps you turn browsers into buyers. With the Internet's best converting checkout, up to 36% better compared to other leading commerce platforms and sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered all star Shopify powers 10% of all e-commerce in the us. Plus Shopify's extensive help Resources are there to support your success every step of the way. Because businesses that Grow grow with Shopify. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ SmartLess now to grow your business. No matter what stage you're in shopify.com/smartlist


As a B2B marketer, you know how noisy the ad space could be. If your message isn't targeted to the right audience, it just disappears into the noise. With LinkedIn ads, you can precisely reach the professionals who are more likely to find your ad relevant. With LinkedIn's targeting capabilities, you can reach them by job title, industry company, and more you'll have direct access to and build relationships with decision makers, a billion members and 10 million C-level executives. Stand out with LinkedIn ads and start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. Start converting your B2B audience into high quality leads today. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to linkedin.com/smartlist to claim your credit. That's linkedin.com/smartlist terms and conditions apply LinkedIn, the place to be, to be.


And now back to the show. No, no, no. I think there's a lot of truth to what you said. And you know, it's funny when you, when you were describing that experience working on that film and you said, yeah, it did. Well, we got all the awards and then we made lots of, we made lots of money. And I was thinking about And. I don't mean to get too, too heady about this, but as you said, it struck to me as like, isn't that funny doing this thing that you do. That that one of the marks of success is if you go to, to go and do it to create art, if you will, is how much fucking money it made. And at the end of, and maybe I'm getting old right in this moment, it just occurred to me for some reason, it really hit me. Like, imagine that that's a fucking measure of how good something is, is how much fucking money it made.


And that all these people and all of us, me included, consider what we do to be successful depending upon whether or not it made any fucking money. Yeah. I'm not even railing against the system. I'm just saying that, isn't it funny? Like, sometimes it hits you in, in, in different times you think like, wow, isn't that fucking, Here's my spin on it because which is maybe it sounds like I'm trying to backtrack and justify and reverse engineer something that makes me sound like I've got more integrity. But, but I think that I, I do what I do. And I put myself out there for criticism and not ev even if it's a successful piece, like not everybody likes it.


And you take fucking crazy criticism even in the stuff that people said was good and what it means when you make some money is that fuck people actually went to see it. Yeah. And we found an audience and we communicated and we managed to communicate with people. 'cause that's all it is, isn't it? Yeah. Art is just about communication it to get, sometimes when we say when we're making art, people go like, oh, they go, they're talking about art. What it means is we're trying to communicate. Art is an attempt to communicate and if you've made some money, what it really means is you manage to communicate. Yeah. You manage to find form instead of this nebulous thing where it's like, yeah, I got this movie on a website at the moment. It's doing great. Yeah. Yeah. 4.5 people have seen it worldwide and it's fucking, it's out here.


And you're like, that's, you can make a great piece of art, but nobody saw it, so you didn't get to communicate. And that is something that's becoming harder and harder to do in the cinemas. Maybe it's easier to do it in the streamers, but it's also like the streamers are like this, this like kaleidoscope of whirlpools that you're getting pulled into and each whirlpool has a thousand things in it that the algorithm helps you watch. I don't know. But I think that, I think, I think that's fair. I think that's fair. I think that's really fair. It's, it's, it's a marker of how much you were able to, how many people you were able to connect with, I suppose. And that, that makes sense. How did you, how did you get into this game? What was the thing? Did you come by it?


Honestly, did you have parents in the arts or did, was it just on your own? I grew up in a counselor state in Glasgow called Drum Chapel Counselor. Skate is something you guys call, not schemes projects. So I was in high school, I was about 6, 15, 16. We were doing Macbeth in English. My English teacher knew a, a director and an actor who had done Macbeth in the seventies. And he came in and talked to us. I recognized him immediately. 'cause he was a, he was like a movie actor. He'd done like movies with Chris O'Donnell and And I was like, I've seen you in Vertical Limit. You're like the bad guy in Vertical Limit with fucking Chris o fucking Donald And I was like, wow.


And then I was like, I've also seen you in a film with fucking Arnold Schwarzenegger. And he was pretty cool. He took a lot of shit from some of the guys in the class. And at the end of it, I just went up And I said, listen, I'm sorry about that. Thank you very much for coming. If you were making a movie again, 'cause he was a film director, would you please consider letting me come and making tea or coffee for you? Wow. And for a week or something like that. And he called back months later and he was like, is that kid still there? Send him to the production office. He was making this movie about child prostitution and pornography in Glasgow. Wow. And he, he was like, here's the script, read it. And I read it. And I went, come in here.


Let, can you try and play Kevin, this young guy called Kevin Savage. And he was like, can you make yourself cry? I'd never done any acting at this point. Wow. And I got the part and by the, we left the room and he was like, we found a guy. This is him. And do you know what's really weird? Right? There was a TV show called Streetwise Streetwise, it was a kid show and it was about mountain bike couriers in London that were led by a saxophone playing and Andy Circus, Right. No Way. And I loved. Yeah. Man, that's crazy. And I was a kid show. And I loved that. They were like crime fighting mountain bike couriers. Ah, and And I and Andy Circus. It, it was brilliant. And, and he played S one And I was like, that's Andy Circus is, he was walking into the production office.


Andy was playing a Glaswegian Pimp with dreadlocks. And, and my first bit of being a professional actor was literally being told, you're gonna play the part. And then I walked out and Andy Circus went, are you actually from Glasgow? Are you like the real deal? Like from a counselor state or whatever. And I was like, yeah man. He was like, great, come sit with me. And he was like recording me and recording my voice. And I was teaching Andy fucking circus right from Streetwise how to Do my own for my sister, for my sister Tracy Wisconsin. Andy Circus is Goum and Lord of the Rings. He was Planet of the Apes. He's a great character actor, also great director. Incredible guy. Yes. Yeah. Just a good guy as well. Who was The director of this film of the, the child prostitution that that discovered you.


It was a movie called The Near Room. It was a reference to a Muhammad Ali quote talking about the space that he would go, I think before the fight Yeah. With the alligators play Trombones. And, and it was a guy called David Haman. Not to be confused with the producer who does Harry Potter. Head Potter and Potter. And since then many, many things. Right, right. But Scottish Actor director, a philanthropist and a really good, really good actor. But I'd said to him that And I was not that good in the film. And, and I've said publicly quite a few times, like, I'd love to pay him back. I'd love to be in something for him. And he sent me something one day.


And I was like, ah, I don't think it's quite right for me. Yeah, Yeah. Right, right. There's not enough acting in it. Right. So, so from that point on, and then as you kind of built this career for yourself over many, many years and you just kind of kept going up and up and up and up and up and more and bigger projects, projects that have more recognition and audiences that grew and everything. Is there something that you learned That was so valuable that you, that you can share? Because I think, you know, I look back when I was a young, when I was a young actor and I'm like, I wish somebody would've fucking told me blank A, B, and C. And then you get older and you look back and you wish there's no, nobody pulls you aside and said, this is how the business works. This is how, this is what you should be looking for.


Like, I wish somebody would've told me, you know, blank Camera acts 10 pounds Or something like that. Like, or, or or just the business side of it too. Yeah. Must have been driving over a canyon when you got that note. Wait, Shit. You know what? Sean Sean must be using two cameras right now then. Oh my fuck. Hi guy. You guys, you guys are harsh. You guys are friends, right? Matter. You guys like each other and shit. Right. Just matter. We're we're very old friends. Well, but James, so you didn't, you didn't really kind of start this super passionate about it. Like this wasn't, wasn't your plan really to be an actor at out of the gate, right?


What was it? No. Wasn't it, weren't you gonna maybe be a priest at one point? Or is that just a Wikipedia lie? No Way really a deep research here. It's, it's a lie that I've told in many interviews. Really? No, it's, yeah. Just to try and make myself sound like I'm the kind of guy you wanna corrupt and attract people to me. No, I I I considered being a very specific kinda priest. Yeah. Not a handsy one for a start. I then I'm Out. We just lost Sean. I I thought being a missionary sounded kind of cool. 'cause you get to go to far-flung places and do far-flung things and Right. And, and have a great time. I then started to finally find a little bit of luck with the opposite sex.


Ran about 15 and 16. And I went, I am not right. Selling my, my sexuality to Gods for the rest of my life. So That was Catholicism, wasn't it? So that took me outta that I was gonna join the Navy at one point. And I was going to, and then I was gonna go to university. And then I thought, listen, I did this acting thing when I was 16. I'll try it for acting school. The one acting school in my town, in my city. And And I luckily got in the Rest. And this is the Royal is this the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, Formerly known as now known as the Royal Conservatoire of Scotland. And this is this, you, you don't just pay 10 bucks and get in to that place. This is a very, very Prestigious I come from, I come from a country with a proud history of socialist democracy.


So I luckily I was the last, I think I was the last year to have their tuition completely paid for them. Wow. So I, I didn't any But Still isn't, it ain't some swinging door there, there. No, was this Is, This is a high-end institution. Yeah. Yeah. It was kinda, it was, I guess it was tough to get in. I was really, I was lucky I got in at my first try. If I hadn't gotten it my first try, I might have gone off and done one of those other things, you know? But, but listen, to answer your question, Sean. Yeah. I would say there's a couple of things that I would pass on. One is try and be more American in terms of what you do as an actor. Try and create your own work. 'cause you guys, I don't, we, I think it's changing now, but me coming up, it felt like us as young actors, it was like, you're a hired gun.


You're like a carpenter that's hired in. Right. And you guys, when I met you guys, you guys, when I met you guys back in like 2003 when I first started coming to America, I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait. You're like, you've got two editions a month and you've got a production company and you've written four scripts and you're like, how'd you do this? Right. Like, what do you mean you get development deal with who? I was like, what I could not believe. But it's also grown up within an industry that is actually an industry. Whereas in Britain it's, it's a little bit, we feel lucky to be here and we feel lucky to get to do the secret thing that like Yeah. Ferries, nails get to do. And it feels a bit more like a cottage industry.


Yeah. I guess that's kind of what I meant a little bit was like, do you do, like, you know, being an actor is plenty, you know, there's a lot of work that goes with that. Yeah. But as to your point, a lot of people are realizing the industry's changing. You kind of have to be all things in order to Yes. You have to kind of cultivate your own work for yourself. And so I just didn't know if That was something that you're doing now. Like, are you delving into other aspects? Directing, producing, writing, anything like that? I'm directing at the moment. I'm about going to prep for my first film in the 26th of August. Oh, that's great. That's really, and which is really exciting. But I don't want to produce, I don't want to write, I don't want to do those things. I've done those things in the past.


And I did not find it to be my wheelhouse. Yeah. What's drawing you to the directing Control, power, abuse of it. Not the paycheck. No, not the paycheck. Do you know what I've, I've been looking to tell stories about my own country for a long, long time. And every single story I got sent was like gritty Scottish drama. Yeah, yeah. About drugs and the kind of neighborhoods I grew up in and, and all that Transporting. Yeah. Yeah. And like, but actually transporting would be okay because That was a, That was a, a a an incredibly beautiful Yeah. Incredible Artistic way to tell stories about people who have no opportunities. But likewise, this is a true story about, I just burped on camera really loud guys.


That's alright. Do not cut that. I can Smell it. It's only audio. Yeah, it's only audio. Thank You. Audio smells. Do you want me to tell you what it's about you guys? Yeah. Yeah, please. Yeah, of course. It's still gonna be out for like 14 years. Don't worry. Yeah. Great. Are you in it or are you just gonna direct it? I need to be in it. I need to be in it to get, to get it bonded. Good. Yeah. It's about two, it's a true story about two rappers from Dundee who wrapped about Scottish things in their Scottish accent. They came down to London in the early two thousands and they did an audition for Sony. They literally got laughed out of the room, even though they were awesome. And they came back like a year later. They'd rerecorded the, all their demos and all their backing tracks with American accents. And they print intended to be these two skater dudes from from heme in California.


Yeah. And they got a record deal from the same label that day. Wow. Oh my God for 35 grand. And they got housed and they got given a studio and they got an a and r rep. And for two and a half years they pretended to be 24 7. Like, even when they were alone together, they pretended to be these two dudes called Silver and Brains. No. Wow. Wow. And and they nearly made it. They nearly made it. It's an incredible story. But yeah. So that's, that's our, that's that's the film we're making. That's pretty great. That's Very exciting. It's called, it's called California Scheming. Oh, that's so good. Wait, who's doing it with you? It's just me on my own with my camcorder and a mirror. I'm gonna shoot up my iPhone in my basement.


I'm really excited. We're independent at the moment. Studio Canal are involved. Screen Scotland involved. No, but I mean, it's two guys. It's you're one of the guys. And who's, who's Your partner? I ain't one of the guys. I'm too old. These guys were like 1920 that Well, Will, you can hang on. I know where Will's going with this. Will you got a pretty high, you know, low range there? You can play 19. I'm just saying, can you give us some, give us just a little bit of wrapping Will And Scotland and Scottish and a Scottish. So you want No, no, no. They're American rapper. Yeah, they're American. So you're perfect. Oh, Sean. Listen to James' story. Much fucking Jesus. I throwing An Opportunity to audition just a little bit Will. So No, I'm the beat. I'm doing the No, I'm the, you do the wrapping.


You're wrapping, you're auditioning for this. Okay. All right. Nevermind. Now James, what about now? Now this film that you, I was Wrapping. go ahead. This film that you're gonna be directing, the role that you're gonna be playing in it, is it a role that is going to, that is appropriate for you to do sort of character type acting? Or is it a role that would be more appropriate if you were to do that level of acting? Would you be overplaying the part or do you just need to just be a guy? Or can we see some good hard looks? Will you just throw a bunch of hard looks? I think, I think there's gonna be some hard looks. There's gonna be some Yeah. Smoke out Look right. Hard loop. Fuck And I think, I think it just requires me to be kind of me.


Yeah. But I might get nervous at the last minute. Throw a limp Or just have the guy have a cold. The whole movie. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's a good idea. He's gotta be Scottish. Can I make his, first of all, the hard looks are good, so I don't want to eat into 'em. 'cause you do 'em really, really well. Have you thought about an eye patch? Hey, That's the thing. Listen, if I internalize the eye patch, you will see the eye patch. I, that's right. I wanna talk about, wait, first of all, I, I know probably everybody comes up to you and says how brilliant you were in Split. But I just thought it was, I thought it was like you should have won an Academy Award. Like it was incredible performance.


Thank you. And, and you and tell me you, you played all these different characters. 'cause the guy was a fucking serial killer person. Personality. Yeah. But, but also these different accents and different characters and you buy each and every one of them. Like, to your point, it what they were all real, they were all very real. So tell me about the process. And I. And were you scared to do that many different kind of people? I was not scared. I got that job pretty last minute because it was many to be whack in Phoenix. Oh Really? Excuse me. I just burped again. I'm drinking fizzy water, guys. It's all I drink. It's all I drink. Wacking Phoenix was supposed to do it and 'cause he had a relationship with them, like Shalan from like signs.


And Was he in the village as well? I think he's in the village, didn't he? Yeah, think so. And, and then I don't know what happened, but like two weeks before they started shooting, he read the script or something went, I don't wanna do this. And for whatever reason he fell out. And so I get the call saying, Hey, do you wanna read this? It's super secret. You've gotta read it and then like give it back. And I was like, cool. And they were saying it's M Night. Shalon And I. I've been a fan of loads of his films. And I was like, definitely it came to me. And I thought this has got the potential to be really good. Like it could also go off a cliff and be really bad. But I think that's the case with most really interesting or fun things. Right? They could go either way.


That's not a criticism of his material there, by the way. But yeah, it was a lot of characters. It was a lot of work, but it was well written. And, I thought is good, hard work. And as long as I've got enough time to come up with this, we can figure it out. But it is that it was down to the Wire trying to find all the characterizations. The last one we found was at the table read and fuck. Like Jason Blo had flown in and like people for universally flown into Philly where we made the film. And, and I'm doing this table, we've gone like, we haven't really found the character Hedwig. And at the last minute, Who modeled it after Blum? Yeah. I just, I just drove around LA and a van all the time.


Oh my God. I just wanna say to Blum, you finally made it onto the podcast. You know what I mean? Hey, he's listening. He's listening. He's In the queue. He listen. Coming in. Oh, we love him. He's very much like we love him here. Soon we're gonna bring him on. We hope On Okay man. He's cool. I think their company do good things For Tracy, Jason Blum's, Blumhouse a Blumhouse pictures All the time. And he does also, he also does drive around LA in a van. So Jay right about that. He does this. Yeah. A plumbing van. But this new film is a Blumhouse as well, right? Speak no evil. This New film is a Blumhouse as well. Yeah. And it does, the Blum House does so well. The Trailer looks great. I think so Too. Yeah. We love him. We are gonna have 'em on. But wait, I wanna hear, so you're there, you haven't found the last thing, you're at the table reading. It's like fucking down of the wire. Sent the wire and, and the director Knight goes, listen, I think for the character of Hedwig, the kid in the movie, he's like, I think you should do it with like a sibilant s And I'm like, like a lisp.


He's like, we say Sybil and s And. I was like, alright, cool. I'll do it with a sibilant lisp and And. I'm like, what? I'm just gonna throw this in to the table read. I was like, are you kidding? Oh fuck. Okay. And then within seconds of doing it, I was like, this was a good call. Yeah. Yeah. And suddenly the whole character like came together, but not look, it was, it was, it was a lot of heavy lifting in that job. But it, like, if you can lift it, then it's a good lift. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, sure. I'm speaking like a total Bro. Yeah. But again, for, for Tracy, you know, you, when you shoot a movie, it's all out of order. You're not you, you're not like taking care.


You do one character and then you're done. And then you, in, in James's case, you do another character and then you're done. You're, so, you're probably playing what, sometimes three or four different characters on the same day. Right? Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. And, and, and, and would you agree that, you know, you seem to be the kind of, kind of real actor that will find the version of each character inside you. And and if that, if that is true, then when you're playing in a movie where you're playing multiple characters and basically, you know, going through schizophrenia, does it ever become super taxing on yourself to explore all those different parts of yourselves and try and try to try to be as authentic and as believable as possible?


And it sort of like triggers and brings these characters up in you and you don't know who the hell you are. Then when you go home or You're just doing a lisp, You, you see me, man, you see me. I think there's only really been one time in my career where I brought it home. Actually. There's may be three times in my career where I brought it home. But I do like what you just said. It is always me. It doesn't matter how weird it is or how wacky it looks or how different it seems from my personality, it's always me. Yeah. There's no becoming the character. It's always me. Yeah, there's always, it's some version of yourself. You know what I mean?


So that's all you have to give, right. And, I. And if you, if someone other actor says that, but no, I actually do transform into someone else. Like, I I'm cool with that. I'll believe them too. Yeah. But for me it's just, it's all you have is your own tool, your own body. But the only jobs, so I've brought it home, were Macbeth. 'cause it was all about losing children for me. And that just the whole of Macbeth. I, I was apparently not an easy person to live with when I did Macbeth. And then, and then whenever I've played a victim, I've played a victim kind of twice now, maybe in a Danny Boyle movie called Trance. And then a movie that I just made in Germany. And I. I just felt awful about myself because I was such a victim of circumstance in other people's control.


I did not enjoy that experience. And that's the only times that I've ever brought it home with me. Those three. Wow. We'll be right back.


So it can be pretty difficult to stay on task when you have a ton of different windows open on your computer, like messages and emails and docs. And for me scripts and like financial stuff, I have to, whatever it is, it's crazy. My, my, my whole desktop is kind of very busy. But your time and expertise are valuable. And with professionals spending nearly half the work week on written communication focus is one of the most important things to have at work. With Grammarly as your AI writing partner, you can stay focused and get through your work faster with relevant, real-time suggestions, wherever you write. Grammarly helps with any writing from brainstorming to sounding more confident and persuasive at work. 90% of professionals say Grammarly has saved them time writing and editing their work. The thing I love about Grammarly's AI prompts is it's thinking for you, right? So as you're typing it can already think about what your next word is without you having to type it full out. It's such a massive time saver. Get more done with Grammarly. Download Grammarly for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's grammarly.com/podcast.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving@hilton.com Hilton for the stay.


Did you know nearly half of Americans deal with high blood pressure putting millions of people at higher risk for heart disease and stroke? Fortunately, GoodRx is here to help with easier, more affordable ways to manage your heart health. Using GoodRx is easy and free. Just search for your prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Get your free coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx and save up to 80% of pharmacies in your neighborhood, including CVS, Walgreens, Walmart, Kroger, Sam's Club Smith's, Publix, and more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. If you're one of the millions of Americans living with a heart condition, don't forget to check GoodRx and start saving on your prescriptions today. For simple, smart savings on heart medications and other everyday prescriptions, check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess. That's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


Alright, back to the show Now in this trailer for speak. No evil. You by the way, you look huge. Like you were like, did you go to the gym? Like, just for this part? Cool. At Sean, dude, I'm just asking. I'm Like, I'm like six foot. It's on my IM DB page. I'm like bigger than Hugh Jackman. What one of it Are you really? Six Four Fucking Sean. I'm five seven. I'm Five. Oh, Are you? How are you By the way, Sean? You said it totally. I just wanna say it should be noted because it's, to be fair, you say that you all often bring, bring it home from a movie. Sure. Sorry. By, by And I, I mean craft service. Right? You usually bring, bring a lot of it home with you, don't you? Just bags. Yeah. I wait, I I, I just came home from back from a family reunion.


There was all this extra food there and it's just like, there was like a bag of donuts. I grabbed those, I grabbed a couple other things. Oh. But Yeah. Did you really? Yeah. But, but there's all this extra food. And I felt so bad throwing it out. Anyway. You Think what? What's that image of of you? Sean. Hayes with a bag, bringing a bag of donuts onto a plate. Dick hugging everybody. Goodbye Fucking dick. You slinging the bag over their back while you hug them all looking Hollywood. Bad boy steals donuts from family reunion. Yeah. Powdered sugar just on people's Hollywood. Bad boy Ollywood bad boy. Shawn No Way. You do, you do look so buff in that trailer. It's like crazy. You look like you worked out crazy. Do you know what? I didn't do it for the movie. I just, I just did it for the fun. And I did it because we were in the lockdown.


We were in Pandemic Land. Yeah. Yeah. And I just had my second child. And I was like, do you know what? I can't let having a child again stop me from exercising for three years. So I was like, I'm gonna double down. And I started eating crazy amount of food and lifting crazy heavy weight. Yeah. And two years later this script came along and it was like, oh perfect. This works. Yeah. Yeah. Let's talk about when you decide to toggle between mediums, when you go between theater and film. Yeah. 'cause you've done an incredible amount of very prestigious theater work. And I would imagine that's, thank you. Very, very rewarding to you. Yeah. But you also have to pay the bills and you're a big movie star and you probably enjoy doing that stuff too.


So how do you decide between, is there a rhythm you like to maintain or is it just kind of job to job kind of thing? Rhythm Is a dancer. I speaking my language Honestly. Wonderful, wonderful. Wait, wait. Let's try to get some music in right here. Wonderful. That was wonderful Rhythm. I don't know if there's rhythm it, my agent Ruth Young, who I've been with since I was 20, always says, do one for them. Do one for yourself. And it ends up being more of a little bit like do like four for them and do one for yourself. If I come back, And, I manage to get to do theater. It has generally over the last 15 years, been with Jamie Lloyd, the same director again and again and again.


Mm. And the biggest thing with theater for me is it's a risk because it's the most exposing thing you can do as an actor. And you have to go up and sacrifice something every single night. Mm. And if it's shit you're sacrificing and it's like going down like a cup of cold, sick, and the audience are sitting there literally going like, or they're asleep. Right? Yeah. And you can fucking see it. And that kills, man, that hurts. So it's the ri whereas you make a movie, like the audience experience of that is like time traveling a year and a half in the future, and you're not even there. Like, right. Yeah. You can get back and you get paid like way better. And it's a different thing, But it's not, it doesn't have the creative fulfillment for you does it?


As, As theater? It does. They both have the creative fulfillment. But if I was gonna be in a bad play or a bad movie, I'd rather be in a bad play. Yeah. If I was gonna be in a good play or a good movie, I'd rather be in a good play. What about the time that it takes the, the, the, the commitment you have to make ahead of time to commit to that play, rehearse, put it up. And you, you can't, you can't leave until it's done. Like how many, how many, how many really killer jobs have you missed? Because you've committed to a play and you're like, oh fuck. Had No Way of knowing that script is coming. Not many actually. No, that's good to know. I've missed some killer jobs because I didn't get them and I've missed, but then your career pans out differently and you're glad you didn't get it, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. Everything had, Yeah. Is there, is there one job that you, that you're comfortable telling us that you wish you would've gotten? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Totally. Which one? Deep Throat. No, I I, good Night. Oscar. Yeah. The Broadway show with Sean. Hayes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I went up for Pirates of the Caribbean. Oh. When I was Ne Zoba. Yeah. And This is Orlando Blooms part Orlando ended up getting it, it was me. I think I remember it was a guy called Paul Nichols and Orlando and someone else, And I.


Don't even think Orlando was auditioning. Actually. I think he was off in Middle Earth doing that. Those movies with Peter Jackson. And it was me and these two other guys who Sean, I think. Yeah. No, that's where he was. I believe it was the second film in the fellowship At that point. They were in Middle Earth, of course. But, but you know, the precious, I believe they were in the land of mortar where the shadows like, yeah. Mortar murder, And I went and screened camera test that I felt like, I think I got really close to it. I ended up having to do this camera test with Kira Knightly, who I later ended up doing Atonement with anyway. Got real close to it. And then it never happened. But That was one that I was like, I could get to go to like sunny places Right.


And be on ships and dress dressed like with a wig on, and like, shoot, like guns that have powder that come out because they're muskets, man. Yeah. And like, like, ah, Johnny De ended up being in it. And Kira was amazing. It was, it Was. And there were like five of them, right? Six of 'em. I know. There were like five, 10 of them. And I was got, I was, I was kind gutted about that one that I never brought. I understand. But then my career went a different way. And I was so happy with how my career went, that I was very philosophical about it and like, totally fine with it. But at the time, for about a year, I was like, man, the one that got away, you know? Yeah. There's one more I could tell you about. Yes, please. Yes.


But I don't want to tell you about it because it's Just have one more sip. One more sip. There was a big one. There was a big one. And the director who cast me in it, he, I'd seen him really early in my career for a small part in a movie playing like the younger version of one of the main bad guys at the beginning of the movie. So I'd only been in it for like five, 10 minutes. But it was like an awesome part. Yeah. And I came in for this audition, and by the end of the audition, like, we'd shared so much life shit. He was crying. I was crying. Like the, the audition went ama the, like, the acting was like, it went great. And as I'm walking out the room, he's like, he's like, Oh my God. Well, we found the guy. It's him. We found the guy.


They never even called my agent Christ. Great. Wow. And then when you saw who they cast, did you, were you like, oh, that's, that's why didn didn't get it? No. No. You Still didn't understand I didn. I did not think great of their casting. However, That was like the, the, the snideness of use movie. But years later, there's this big huge gazillion dollar movie getting made. And they come to me and they go, listen, we would love you to meet so and so with this director. And so I go and sit down with this director, and I'm like, you remember me, right? And he's like, no, I have we met. I'm like, I, I love your work. And I'm like, no, no, no. We met And.


I relayed the whole story to him, and he's like, nah, don't have a single memory of that dude. I'm like, What? We were in tears Together. You said, we found the guy and looked at me as I left the room. And so did you do this big film for him, or did you tell him to go fuck off? I Actually did sign on to the film, but it took three years. And yeah. I was like, I, I wasn't trying to like, take him to task. I was just like, dude, this is funny. We need to talk about this. Right. But it took like three years to actually get it going. And by the time those three years had passed, I had a kid and this movie was being filmed on the other side of the world. And I was like, I am not going out there for a year and a half of my life to go and do whatever, you know? Right. Good for you. What does, what does Jimmy Flo do on the, on the side, like when he is not acting on The side, we top of that, bro.


Drive a, Drive a cab. What do you mean for free? Just get my shits. What do I do on the side? Yeah. Do you know what it's like being a dad? Yeah. And being a guy at home and I'm like, And working out. No, not anymore. I haven't worked out in about six months. But yeah, I was doing a lot of that before. Yeah. Yeah. Play video games with my kids. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. What about, what about, didn't you burn one of your, one of your video games because you were too addicted to it? Wait, What? Yeah. So it's aptly James a problem. I had a, a real problem. I don't, I don't like to talk about it, about, I feel like let's talk about it. What I can make people aware.


Maybe I can help someone else. Yeah. Why don't help somebody out? Exactly. If one person, if you can save one person, Save a life. Right now you have a Little gaming issue. 'cause I do too. I played a lot of games on my phone. What do you Play? What do you like play? Oh, Just the dumbest shit in the World. No, he plays fucking candy crushes. It's not gaming. You don't talk to him. Jamie's playing Candy. I played a lot of, I played Call duty Stuff. I played Call of Duty with the same dudes for like 10 years straight. Like fucking five nights a week, man. I know. You, I feel your pain. During the pandemic, I had, my, my eldest son was 11 or 12 or two. How long ago was that? He was like 11 or 12. I started letting him stay up till like two in the morning to play Call of Duty with my friends and me. And, and his mom calls me and she's like, he, you cannot let him stay up to fucking to, to play with you and your moronic friends.


Right. Like the note, my friends, they're like, laser dude, six. Yeah. And he's also, These are my comrades. These are my brothers. We're in war together. These aren't my friends Squad. So you are, you're you, you're in remission now or, or you still I'm in Remission. Dabbling. She started, listen, I've, I've, I've lapsed a couple of times. The first time I realized I had a problem, I was making a movie in Ireland with Anne Hathaway and it was called Becoming Jane. It was a bit Jane Austen. And I'm getting, I'm getting home every night. And my wife at the time had bought me an Xbox and this fantasy role playing game called Oblivion. The Elder Scrolls, aply fucking entitled Oblivion.


'cause that's what it was taking my life. Yeah. And then I remember getting home from work at like seven or eight or like nine. One of those crazy hours that you get home at in the movie business. And I order a pizza and like a two liter bottle of Coke, or as we call it in Scotland, a two liter bottle of ginger. Any any soft drink, fizzy soft drink can be called Ginger, ginger Liter, bottle of ginger and a Pizza Hut and And, I, stick in oblivion, And, I go to oblivion. And then I just remember going, I just play for five minutes more. I play for five minutes more. And then my driver is waiting to take me to work at six 30 in the morning. Oh, And I was like, this is like, not the first time it had happened on that job either. And I was like, something has changed. Wow. And I pressed the eject button and the CD comes out, the disk drive.


And I go over to the gas stove, And I, turn on the gas stove, And I. I'm standing there like this going like, how am I going to, how am I going to like fall in love with Jane Austen today? And I'm like, 'cause you know, and, and then I just drop it on the gas stove, And I, just watch it melt. And then I And I. I walked away. That's a Bottom. Yeah. I mean, it's a real thing. Like people, it's, it's a real thing. Yeah. Your bottom is only when you decide to stop digging, you know what I mean? That's up to you. Yeah. But the, the pandemic, I had the same thing as you, man. I had like three buddies. We all went, Hey guys, should we just get like a, should you all get like a, like a PS four or something like that? Yeah. And we're like, well, they'll play some shooting game. Come until like two years later and we're like, John, John, I'm going in.


I'm going in man Up. Push, push, push, push. You got, I know Oh, my God. It got so fucking crazy. And then I recently had one of my friends say, Hey, we're still playing. I'm like, no, I'm never going. I can't do it, man. Not right now. I think I'm the last man standing. I'm the last guy still playing. You are, You are still playing. So You've managed, you've managed to find the right, the right size for it. The right size for my addiction. Yeah. I mean, you're not staying up until Dawn anymore, are you? No, no, no, no, no. There's, there, there had to be a cap. Do you know what? To be honest, I came back from a job in Germany where I did a lot of it because I was just on my own. And. I didn't have my family with me. And That was quite good. And I bought a little laptop to make it like portable.


Yeah. But since I've come home, And, I'm getting into prep and I'm casting and I'm working on the script and all that. There's just no time for it. Yeah. It's all good style. And actually it's been kind of good. Yeah. But 'cause it's time to be an adult at 45. What game is it? What game is it that you're Call of Duty man? Yeah, Of course. It wasn't Call of Duty like during the pandemic. It was, it was running around for dance, getting killed by like 12-year-old guys in China. Like How crazy was that when they did that, that first, what, what did they call that? That big map that they dropped during the pandemic. The fucking For Dan. Yeah. Yeah. It was fucking crazy, wasn't it? It was crazy. It was so good. But with, but within a month, those kids were so good at sniping that you couldn't even last for a minute. Like you'd land and you'd be dead.


We were, we were bad at that game for two years. My squad, And I, we were, the name of it was Kay Chuck. There was, there was a, because it was a pandemic, one of them named themselves Touch of Flu. And then, and then the other one was Severe, severe Shock. Oh, And. I was, I was Walker Janeway, which is a character I played in a kind of a middle class New York play one. And I'm like, there's people running around going like, I'm gonna kill you. Severe Shoko, I'm gonna kill you. Touch Flu, and then going, I'm gonna get you Walker. Janeway. Yeah. So it was like so bougie. But yeah, no, it was it.


And you know what I found as well, right? I've been pals with those guys since my early twenties. And what was really special about it was that we'd be running around going like, push, push, push. I'm going in fucking hell join. Support me. So when did you say that you got that procedure done? Oh. my God. Yeah. That's interesting. I never knew that about you. And we would just like blah and a way we never had. Yeah. You know what? It's funny that you say that as much as I sort of rail against it too, And, I do love gaming is that I stayed connected to a lot of guys. We have this crew of us, the clown crew. We're still on a, we're on a text chain that we've been on since 2007. And that we all play this game together. And these guys know, and Jason especially knows, 'cause We did a few things in the gaming thing.


And it's like me and Giles, who goes by Kid Lightning and Mark, who goes by Foreman Beast. He's known as Beast to all of us. They all call me Wendell. 'cause my handle is Wendell Leaf. 'cause it's named after my favorite hockey player. And we had, we've had so many moments. I was texting with the guys this morning, our buddy Jerry, who we also called Gary for no reason. Gary just had his second kid. And we're all congratulating him on the thing. And we all know each other from the gaming thing. And then, so there is a community thing. It's really, yeah. It's quite nice. I don't know if you remember, will you try to get me like years and years and years ago, tried to get me in one of those groups. I played for maybe seven minutes. Yes. And I. I, I couldn't exit the thing. I just would get shot like Right. Every single time right away.


And I couldn't figure out. Like, so I'd be, let's try it again. Let's try it again. And we'd, yeah, we'd start again. And I'd come out with these guns and everybody's just bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. Like, I'd just be dead in two seconds. It was awful. But there Isru. But it is a, a good way to connect. And that's that, that part of it. I do, I do, I do like that part of it. For sure. For sure. We were so bad at it for two solid years. We never got any better. And it was a lot of fun. Yeah. We laughed our asses off. I Love that. Well James, you're a lot of fun. We've laughed our asses off with you today. We sure have. And we appreciate your time, my friend. Very nice to get to know you. Yeah. Huge fans of yours. Massive. It's Really cool to meet you. I all Weekend have a great time directing Yes.


And I talk about you all the time. I just think you're an incredible actor. Incredible. Thank You guys speak no evil out now. It is is from the great Jason Blum directed, written by James Watkins. Everybody speak No evil. Check it out. Speak Jimmy will Go and see it. Yeah. Jimmy Frow. Thanks. Jimmy Frow. Jimmy Flo. Jimmy Flo. Without Thank you guys. Guys. Thanks a million. Seriously. Love your stuff. And as performers, actors, writers, directors, these's are fucking amazing. The threes. Ah, Man. Thank you. It was really, really great to meet you my friend. Thank you. Really See you around guys. Cheers, byebye. Thank you James. Bye buddy.


Wow. Hey guys. Yeah, we're back. We're back. We're back from commercial. Hi. Do we, do we do commercial after? After? No, We don't. We don't. We just, do you remember hearing a commercial play? You were just, he just hung up. Right, right, right, right, right. So guys, That was James McAvoy. And you know what? Lemme I gotta tell you, I'm not buying the accent. I think he needs to work on that. Really? You don't think it's, Yeah. I mean, everyone knows he's from Dayton, Ohio and he's been working on this guy Dayton, Ohio. Yeah. No, he's, you know what's, he's great though. Like, I didn't ask him about Narnia and like Lion the Witch and the wardrobe. I was obsessed. Or X-Men. I mean, I know, I know. I'm not like a massive X-Men thing. Like, I I think he's great.


Let us know. Walk us through it though. What, what, what's missing for you with That franchise? No, no. I, I like it. It's just, I just never been hooked into it. I mean, I watched them all. They're great. Sure. I just, I'm not a rabid fan. What about Narnia of the series? What about But yeah, the, the Narnia things. I wish they those That was So you don't like For the Witch? No. So he played the, the Fawn, what was his name? The Fawns Tum Tum MRUs Tummy Sticks. Something like that. And didn't, didn't you guys like that book when you were a kid? Of course. Never read it. Oh, it was the best. Of course. I read the whole series. They were fucking great. Yeah. So, so, so great books. Great books. But anyway, I didn't get chance to ask him when he popped on. I was like, oh, I've actually always wanted to meet him.


And so I got to meet him. Who wrote Those books? Quick CS Lewis. Nice. Yeah. Thanks. Hey, Willie, are you still doing that book club thing? Yeah. Hmm. When's that launching book Club with myself? I don't know. We are gonna do, yeah, we are, we are gonna be launching the SmartLess. It's been a time thing, but we are gonna do the SmartLess book club. Yeah. And 'cause if you, if you mention a book, I will read it and we can talk about it. Yeah, yeah. And JB, thank you for sending us over those book Recos. Yeah. From your pal from Laura, which is always, it's nice to get book reccos. Yeah. Because you don't want to, it's like, it's like television Reccos or, or movie stuff. Yeah. It's, yeah. It's hard to fucking narrow it down. There's so many fucking books out there. Yeah.


And I'm, He kinda like, Ja James kinda looks like if Heath Ledger had a baby with Jude Law. Right. You know, I was thinking he looks, he looks a lot like Josh Charles our friend Josh Charles. Do you guys know Josh? Oh, he does remind me of Josh Charles. Certainly Josh Charles though. I love Josh Baltimore Orioles fan. Yeah. Incredible actor. Well, Because he is from Baltimore. He's a wonderful bloke. He is a wonderful Bloke in Scotland. No, they don't. But you know what? That's okay. I think they might sometimes that McAvoy, that Jimmy, Jimmy Flo is what we Jimmy Jimmy Flo Flower. Jimmy Flo. Jimmy Flo. Yeah. He's got something about him. Doesn't, he's, he's just cool. He's very down to earth. He, he's got a real sort of authenticity to him, which I, I Really respond like the cut of his chip.


You like the cut Of his chip? Very much like the cut of his Chip. And you could, you could hang out with that guy. I could hang out with that guy. Yeah. He, he's really cool. We would, we would hang, we would do some hard hanging And, and every single time he plays, I have A lot of comments for people who walked by. You know what I mean? Like a lot of like, look at this fucking guy. You know what I mean? My favorite chick every, every time he play, he plays a different character. I totally. There we Go. Bye bye. We really snuck that one up on a Shiny Boy. Nice. Going Smart. Less smart, less SmartLess is 100% organic.


And Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant Terry and Rob Arm. JF Smart Less So. Jason Willie, we have a new show on SmartLess Media called Goal that I'm very, very excited. Sorry, I just cut off when you said the title GoalLess GoalLess, right now, Sean And I are excited about it too. Yes. But here's what's good. Yes. Sean, And, I are much more sort of like the, a bit more of the typical American audience that does not know as much about soccer. Correct. As you do. Correct. So you have taken that into account with the way in which you've gone about developing this podcast coming.


Yes. Well, I brought in, I want to introduce you guys to the great, The greatest Rus Howard. Yeah. Russell. Russell. Howard. Russell. Howard. Hello, Russell Howard. Here he is. Yes. Ru here. So Russell, I'm gonna let you describe GoalLess because football is my soccer, whatever you wanna call it is my passion. I love it. But you are our host because you are even more passionate and have grown up in this Milia. go ahead, Russell Howard. And also, by the way, for my sister Tracy, one of the most successful standup comedians in the uk. And not related to Ron. No, no. I'm just to be clear, just to be clear. Not not related to Ron. Yeah. I'm, I'm a standup comedian from England. Yeah. And.


I was Thank you. Thank you. I was given the opportunity to do this podcast about football. And basically it's gonna be like a late night sort of show about soccer, football, whatever you want to call it. We're gonna talk about the Champions League. We're gonna be interviewing ex pros, current pros, celebrities of the like football. It's everything You can imagine. You have a band. Do you have a band? I don't have a band. No. Yeah, No, we'll get you one of those. Okay. A small band, like a slide loop and a high hat. Yeah. Imagine That. If that's the first complaint of the show, it's good. It's, there's a lot of fun chat. Which band? Chat about football. But where's the brand Sidekick Could use a band. You're gonna talk about Champions League now, now Jason and Sean Champions league is the, is the, is the tournament that they do yearly of all the top, basically in essence, the top four teams from all the domestic leagues all over Europe and the UK play against each other in midweek games throughout the year.


And finally in the spring, they narrow it down. They start in group play, then they get into elimination and against And will. And by the way, Russell Will has got me excited about soccer. So I actually have to That's the best. Yes. Champions League football is incredible. At some point though, at some point we're gonna have to figure out, so you don't have to keep saying soccer, I mean football over and over. We have to figure out what to call them. But anyway, That's, I'll call it soccer for you people. I don't mind. Alright. It's just at home. I can't, if I say football, it's, you know, I'll, I'll, well, But this podcast can be listened to all over the world though. Right. So what do you, do you prioritize the American audience, the global audience? What do you do?


I Don't know, Jason. It's a very difficult One because I'm have, well, we'll see the numbers. Yes. Whoever listens promo gets soccer. That's good. Or Football by the way. But the way Russell said, I don't know Jason, that sounds like some pa on Jason's set when he is like, what's for lunch? Blah, blah, blah. And they're like, I don't know, Jason, fuck off. Would you fucking leave Me alone? There's a lot of ditch Jace. Just, But you, we know, we've been through this when we had, when we had David, we had David Beckham on, I think we were talking about, you know, that soccer's actually an English term, right? Yeah. Right. Yeah, yeah. So you know this Well. Exactly. But it, it was whatever we want to call it. It, I, I can't call it soccer. It would be like calling my mom Mummy. It feels, it gives me the ick.


But you know what you're, the British accent covers you. I think anytime you say football, people are gonna think you mean soccer because Yeah, that's true. Because you're saying, you're saying with the British accent, that's Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And we'll just be, it's so like, not only do I love football, but it's such an innately funny sport. Like the supporters are hilarious. Yeah. I dunno if you two, if you've never been to a live football game in England, if you go A long time ago, just being Oh, it's the best. I like The singing. It's incredible singing. How do you learn? Is there a website you can go to to learn the chance before you get to a game? That's such a good point. Because it, like, they must meet up in a pub and harmonize, right? Yeah. So there must be like football hooligans who are sort of sat there in a councils like going, oh, look to me for the changes.


Here we go. You are all going home in a fucking ambulance. Come on Altogether. When I listen to GoalLess, I wanna learn about these things. I want you to take care of the ding bats like me too. Yeah. You know, not just the Smarties. Like Will Will Russell, You're, you're a, you're a Reds fan. Yeah. You're a Liverpool Super. I'm a Liverpool fan. Yeah. Yeah. It's the same here. Hardcore And I have been, I'm newer obviously to it. It is only been like 10 years for me. Oh wow. Oh yeah. Yeah. So What was your in, oh, what was your In My, my, a friend of the podcast Chappy Mark Chappel, this an who Lives Lives. Meghan. Here it's, Hey, here's the Chappy man. He got me into it like 10 years ago when we were working together. And I've become full And I, you know, now look, I'm, I'm into Arne s slot.


I'm so happy he's there. And, but Jurgen Klo has been my hero, my North Star for years now. I had the opportunity to hang out with him a couple times in the last few years. These Are coaches listening. Wow. It's just been incredible. Yeah. And I've, and I've gone outta my way to learn some of the songs, some of the, like, you know, we conquered all of Europe. We're never gonna, we're never Gonna stop from Paris. Paris down to Turkey. We won, we won the fucking lot. Bob Paisley and Bill Shankley. Let's do it. Oh, know the fields of an Phil Road. We are law supporters and we come from Liverpool. Now how do you learn this? Well, yeah, I mean is this on a, is it on a website? Like how do you think Yeah, You can look up. Yeah. 'cause you're like, what are they Singing? Well, I love most about it is it clearly is on a website, but there's the fact that Will Arnett is clearly been in his shower.


You get to rehearsing. Yeah, of course you Have. Who gets to decide what songs are gonna be sung on what week? Yeah. Like do they change? Well, this is the point. Yeah. Because, and they're often really funny. I remember there's a brilliant story of the Rangers goalkeeper, Andy Gorham, who basically came out and said he was a schizophrenic. And his own crowd that week started chanting, there's only two Andy Gorham, two, Andy Oh, my God. So it's, that's what I mean with football, there's all, there's sort of like this sort of galaxy around it that is sort of just n naturally piss taking. Like some of the best moments at a football game happen with the crowd. Like footballers get abuse.


Like, and I'm a standup comedian. The heckles you get are nothing compared to footballers. I remember seeing, I went to a Bath City game, I dunno if I can, this is, there was maybe about 500 people there. Yeah. It was Boxing Day and the, they were, it was a prematch warmup and the goalkeeper was quite a heavy set lad. And he was just getting one of the balls out of the net. And he looked at this kid who must have been about 11 And, he said, did you have a good Christmas? And this little kid went, looks like you did your fat cunt. And There Is no, there's no world in which that's allowed. Like, yeah. This, this poor guy just had to take it from an 11-year-old kid.


And it's that just Vicious. This is the kind of flavor and spice we want to get from you on a weekly basis. That's, but it was so, it was so fascinating. And if you've never been to a football game, you, I remember taking my wife to watch Liverpool, Paris and German, and she was just fascinated. All the sort of French football fans took their tops off and they were kind of swinging them around. And the, there's it, it's like this weird church that just goes crazy unfilled on a European night. So basically that's what the podcast is gonna be. I mean, It's grow. I love that. And it's growing and growing and growing. I mean, like, I can Well, what's so crazy is IWI was gonna say that, sorry, Sean, but, but I was gonna say that kind of, that vibe that you get. I remember, like I said, I remember a lot just a couple months ago, I was at a, at Anfield and sitting and, and watching, I think maybe I told you guys this story, watching Sir Kenneth Doley sitting right behind me with his wife and how many times they've been to Anfield.


He was as a player and a manager, blah, blah, blah. And and them singing. You would never Walk alone. He never walk alone. And his wife and his wife dabbing her eyes. Oh, it's so moved by it. Well, he's an incredible man as well, because he's Incredible. The, the, to get serious, the Hillsborough disaster, where a lot of Liverpool supporters died. He went to every single funeral when he was the manager. Yeah. Every single one. And so, so the club is, you know, it's in his bones. So I think that song, you know, really takes him to a special place. It's, it is beautiful. And the whole stadium sings it, by the way. We're sitting there and, and the, and the the stand opposite us is the circuit at D Stand.


And he's sitting right behind. Like, it was just incredible. But he, which Is a bit harsh, that they don't let him sit in his own stand. I Know. No, no, it's better. It's better. He gets to look at it so we Can look at it. He gets to look at it. You know, Jason And I shared an office once and I'd had, oh, This is exciting. And it was a big long office. And I had this huge, was painting From His show. I wasn't there a lot. And I had this huge, he's giving me shit. And I'd be like, I don't wanna be in the fucking, we had this, I had this huge painting of myself from a show. And one day when he was there, there thought that counted And I had it put it behind my desk behind where I sat. So he was always there. And so he calls me one day and he goes, why this? They put this fucking painting of you And I go. 'cause when I'm not there, you still get to look at me. Yeah. Oh God. You know, it's, I remember, I remember doing that years ago, I had loads of kind of posters of various standup shows that I'd done.


And I kind of thought what would be a nice thing to have them? And then I put them up in this room in my house. And then as soon as I put it up, I just realized it was such a mistake because it just looks so weird and arrogant. I dunno if you've ever seen that MTB cribs episode of Mariah Carey where she goes to like this podcast. Of course I Have. Yeah. And she reads all the, all the notes from her fans. Yes. It was just like, oh, what have I become, man? I know, I Know, I know Right. What a house That was, But at least we have you and it's you and, and Chris Whitham as well. Is that true? True. That's right. Yeah. He's a CBS commentator. Yeah. He's a funny guy. And he knows loads of about football. So Now this would be, this would be your, this would be your sidekick? He Is. He My cohost. Continue with the, the, what, what is they called?


Late, late night show. Yeah. Analogy. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's basically, he's got all the knowledge and we're just gonna kind of riff and then we'll have kind of celeb guests and it's gonna basically be, it's, it's the dream job for Me. Will, are you gonna be the first guest? I'm hoping I will be a guest if they'll ask Me. Are you, you waiting for someone to reach out? Well, Yeah, man. I mean, I, well, I can reach out Right Now. Well, we don't wanna, well, I Don't wanna Be presumptuous and think that they, let's make some news. Wanna fucking talk to me? Because I'm just a I would love to talk to you. Would you? And I. There it is. You ever have first booking? Have you ever played at Anfield? That would be my first question. I've never, I've never played. I've been on the pitch.


Save It for the show. Save It for the show. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Don't get, yeah, you don't. Yeah. Try to Make, I've seen Mo Allen getting a rubdown after a match. Okay. And And I had And I. Was that At the changing room or did you just That Was at the hotel. Good Telescope. No, no, no. That was through the Blinds. Just outside like that. Yeah. Yeah. This one fucking truck wouldn't move. And I finally got a glimpse. I got the fucking, the angle I wanted. I had Darwin Nunez walk by and, and basically gimme a high five holding a towel. And he was just in a towel. I mean, oh, some pretty Were you in the changing room? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Right after the match. That must have felt so awkward. It was very awkward. What do you do in, in the, because basically they're all having a shower.


Yeah. And you Know, you're just waiting with a stack of towels. You Thought That was, Does anyone want Lucas hate or, or a ghost raid or, or a power bar, which you like. I'll You what they did, I'll tell you what they didn't appreciate was my boner. Yeah, Exactly. Oh, that's what you should have done. You should have got in the shower. Yeah. You should have got in the shower with Them. I know. I should have. That would've now you would've wanted to have me as a guest if I'd been in the, the shower. You know? Exactly. But there's so much to talk about the football, as you said, Russell, it's so endless. Yes. The stories. And that's what drew me into football. How I became a, I love sports, but I became a football fan once I started to understand the stories of who this manager was, who this player was and stuff.


That's actually what got And I started watching all the docuseries about the various things. So we want to bring on goal list, kind of bring listeners in so they can start to understand the culture of football, of soccer. Right. That's Exactly it. Yeah. I, I need That. I'm actually excited about That. Yeah, me too. So It premieres, it premieres guys when? 19th of September. 19th of September, Thursday, September 19th. And two new episodes released each week every Monday and Thursday. Which is good. Yeah. Is, its gonna be great. Russell Howard and Chris Whittingham. Yeah. Great. That's Right. It's gonna be so fun. Yeah. If you ever find yourself in England, I've got two season tickets at Liverpool. Have you? So I, I would love to bring you along And I. Think that's more for me and Sean not You will go ahead. But No, no. I could probably get another one but, and to be honest will be down in the showers.


Yeah. It Was Just getting them ready. Just getting the temperature ready. That's anybody, Anybody wanna get ready? Yeah, exactly. Just putting your elbow in. Yep, that's fine. Oh, that's good. So good. Very nice. Russell Russell, thank, thank you so much for your time. We're so excited for GoalLess. It's gonna be great. Yeah, Thanks for it. I'm really looking forward to it. Nice to meet you. You too. Cheers. Cheer. Cheers fellas. September. September 19th. September 19th. Alright Chops. Have a good day. See you later. Thanks for Ross. See you buddy. Bye. Byebye.


Hey guys. You wanna know an easy genius hack to improve your life? Eat more Reese's Peanut butter cups. Sure. There are countless life coaches, gurus, and thought leaders out there, but none of them are sharing this simple secret. Eating a Reese's Peanut butter cup brings a burst of joy to your day. They've got the perfect ratio of sweet chocolate to salty peanut butter. That's sure to satisfy. And there's no wrong way to eat one. It's all about whatever makes you happy. I should speak right. I love them. Shop Reese's peanut butter cups now at a store near you. Found wherever candy is sold.