
Sonic, Cut through the mundane and make life exciting with Sonic's Delicious burgers, fries, and ice cream. Sonic. And now try the new Sonic Smasher. Sonic Smasher. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edges and juicy in the middle. Sonic Smasher. The Sonic Smasher is then layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Soft buns. It's melty and juicy, yet crispy, making it the perfect burger bite. Melty and Juicy. Try the Sonic Smasher now. Live Free. Eat Sonic. Sonic.


Hey guys. Good morning. Welcome To SmartLess Smart. Less Smart, smart Less. Oh yeah. Ah, that classic Listener. We've got Anette with, I guess, a shirt. You're borrowing from Thoreau. Yeah. There's no sleeves at all on it. And I guess Jimmy Coco just left too, huh?


'cause your color's really even, Lemme just say this. Okay. Nothing is more insulting to me, virtually nothing than suggesting that it's a spray tant. Go after yourself. I earned this. Well, you earned it by sitting out, doing nothing under, under the sun with some sort of like a reflective board. Whatcha Doing And playing golf, building the Stool you're sitting on, or I've just got Some cord. Yeah. Can you get your housekeeping shit together before we start the record? What are you doing? I got some cord issues going on. I do too. It's messing with mine. Wrapped. It kind of wrapped around my chair's pretty much. You know, you know what I've been doing lately? And this is, this is a true story. We went to this big, I know this is gonna air later, but we had a beautiful event last night For Jimmy Buffet For my friend Jimmy Buffet.


Yeah. And I was gonna ask you about that. It just, it was awesome. And it was really beautiful and some great speeches and stuff, and a lot of people I know. So that part of it was amazing. And it's just Did you talk honestly, I, I did not. I, I did a thing at the Tribute at the Hollywood Bowl, but last time I did, I saw one of the, I saw one of the great speeches last night that Downey No, no. Downey wasn't there. One of the great speeches I've ever seen as a sort of That was set up as a non roast and ended up being a roast, and it really blew me away. So hilarious. I love those Wait, roasted Jimmy after he's passed. Yeah. But, but as a tribute to him, a an old friend of his, a guy who's been friends with him for sort of 50, 50, 60 years.


And it was just, it was so good. And our friend Tom Rein, who's a friend of the podcast, made a great speech. That was, You haven't had him on yet. No, I'm going to. He's the most interesting man on The planet who can't make his deal. Can't. Well, we're looking to, 'cause he wants a piece and he's just like, blah, blah, And. he said, send me over the numbers. I wanna look and see. Gross. Who's Tom? Fresh? And I met Tom Fresh, Used to run mtv. Tom Tom Re Yeah. He started Mtv. Oh, yes. I I totally know him. He's, he's Awesome. And then, dude, his stories are, he's just the best And I. Well, we'll See. I think he's, you can Book him. I think he's writing a book right now, which will be Anyway. Wow. Yeah. It was just, it was so, so, so, so good. But the reason I brought it up was this, at this thing, midsummer and so many people, and now this many people come up to me, they go either, wow, you, you're really tan.


Or Why are you so tan? Right. And people can't help themselves make a personal remark. And you know what I do? You know what I say? Yeah. And, I. Go And. I Go. They'll go, wow, you're so tan. And I'll go, thank you so much. Right. And I. Just take it as a compliment. Well, It is a compliment. You hold Color. Like, like, like you're from Brazil. I don't understand it. You're, you're to Toronto. You know? I like Why Do you, why is that? Why Do you color So well? Both you guys, but, but both you guys know I'm Walking Bounce card. We would just burn immediately. But We JB You hold quite a bit of color too. You, let's be honest. When you play golf at you go you. But I don't say to you every day, man, you're so 10. When we got, when We, but mine's But, sorry.


Sean. Hold it. God. I know. Fuck. We're talking about our color and our golf game. You'll, you'll wait. It's, my color is is got a hard V right under the chin, right from the, from the hot shirts I wear. Yeah. And then, and then the little, you know where the short sleeve ends? Whatever that is. That, that, there's that tan line. Yeah. And then there's the forehead tan line. 'cause I'm wearing a a a s visor. Yeah. Yours, yours is like, you're outside mowing the lawn with nothing on, but like, flip flops. Yeah. Yeah. I know. First of all, everybody's Sean are God Dammit. Are people okay? Are people okay with their bones? With you describing your V-neck dad bond?


We just had a, a bone epidemic, but, but you know what it is? I spent a lot of time, like, you know me, you guys. I'm, I'm not like out in the Caribbean. Actually, I was last month. I'm at the pool. I'm in the pool with the kids. I was in the Caribbean a month ago. So that's part of it. And we got it. Yeah. Sean, go, go for Sean. Well, I, I, my, I have this friend who tans his taint. Oh. Oh yeah. That's like a thing. Is it really? So you, like, you tan completely naked. Wait, is that like bleaching? I Don't know. No man. Oh, Oh. That's where you draw the line. I know about tanning the asshole, but not about bleaching.


Yeah. I don't know anything about bleaching. Yeah. How dare you. Fuck. Here we come. This is a great, great segue into our high class guest. Sorry about that. Our guest This week is enormously accomplished in two completely separate but very public careers and has done so while remaining incredibly private and avoiding for the most part, all the trappings of a Hollywood life. He's an actor and a musician. You two, not a celebrity and a rock star. Okay. In the movie world, he's received numerous nominations and awards, including an Oscar, a Sag, a Golden Globe, what? He's worked with some of the greatest directors of our time, including Fincher, Malik Stone, Aaron V's. A Musician As a musician.


He's been the front man of a, of his band for over 26 years. I think they've sold over 50 million albums and toured the world multiple times. He's quietly been deeply involved in charity and the business world in the few remaining free minutes in his life. He's funny. He's easy on the eyes. He is a Capricorn. And I believe he's available. Let's help him out. Guys. This is Jared Leto Leto. I just saw Jared, Jared, did I call it Jared? Leto? Yeah. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey man. Hi, Jared. Hi. Yeah. You know, I'm very, I'm proud to say Jared And I. Know each other a little bit. I wish I was close. I was gonna ask, but you know, he's busy. You know. Where do we find you? You find me in Iowa today. Oh, really?


On the, on, are we acting or, or, or positioning? We just started the US leg of our World tour, which is called Season's World Tour. That's, Congratulations. And shout out to Tracy in Wisconsin. We were in Wisconsin. Wisconsin, Thank you very much. Thank you. Yeah. Last two shows. We were in Milwaukee and then in cdot. Oh, wow. Wait. Yeah. What's Cdot? Yeah. Where's cdot? CDOT is a beautiful little town in the middle of nowhere. And today we're in Des Moines. So, wait, is Kdot in in Wisconsin? Yeah. All right. Yeah. Alright. Wait, How do you guys, how do you guys know each other? What, how Just sort of crossing paths throughout our start as youngsters in the biz.


Is that true? I Think so. Vacationing. I think it was the first time on our little trip to, to ski town. I, I have no idea, man. It's been, I Think maybe, I don't know. But I've been very fond of you for a very long time, Mr. And I. Likewise. I'm, I'm so glad to be able to talk to you. Yeah. Focused. It's focused for an hour here. Yeah. This Is awesome. I Appreciate it. And this is actually my, I I think it's my first podcast that I've ever done. Oh, it's ours too. Really? So, So I'm gonna fuck it up big time. Listen, Jared, here's the thing with podcast. I've Try to get a word in If I, if I could say anything about podcasts. This is the first time any of us had done one. And we started it four years ago, and we have not got any better. Yeah. True. I would say we've gotten worse.


I would say I wore some pajamas. I thought someone might be in pajamas. Yeah. Look at me here. Here's the stretchy pajama pants and the fucking hoodie and the shitty t-shirt. Jared, before we jump Into how brilliant you are in your music and your acting, what, you're so good looking. What do you do for your skin? Good Lord. There We go. And this is for Jared or this is for everybody. We're done with your skin. Okay. No, it's kind of amazing. Jared, how old are you? How old are you? Are you over 50? 52. That's What I'm saying. Shut the fuck up. You look great. Yeah. You guys look great. What are you talking about? Yeah, It's, I mean, honestly, you could play And. I mean this And, I, And I. Love everybody here, including you, Jerry.


'cause now you're with us. You could play Jason's son, And I. Swear. You could, You Could. But you know, he, he, he wears it much better than me. I'm, I'm, I'm, No, that's what I'm saying This. Yeah. No, No, no. That's what I'm saying. I'm saying he could blame your son. You Alright? So Jared, so you are, so you're starting the domestic leg of the, of the international tour or world tour. And, but this is what, what lap around the planet would this be for you guys? It's, you've done it a few times. Yeah. Six or 700. Probably. Kidding. Are you kidding me? Not six or 700 laps. No, no, I'm joking. But we, we started, we actually did a tour for about six years.


It was COVD and then we were finishing an album. So the last time We did a world tour was like 2018. Did some dates in 2019. But we just, We did a few festivals last year. And then we started this year I was filming Tron in Vancouver for four months. I can't wait for that. Can't wait. It easy. And then I had, I had a couple weeks where we went to South America to start the tour. Yeah. And then after TRA was done, we went off to Europe and just did seven, eight weeks in Europe. Which was, Wait, wait, wait, wait. my God, wait, wait. Jared, I don't know if you guys saw it. Did, did you start, did you announce your tour? Did I see this? Did you climb the Empire State Building or some shit?


Yeah. Yeah, I saw that. What the fuck is that about, man? Yeah. Just start, just go ahead and take 45 minutes to tell us about this. Yeah. Just, Just a little stunt to, you know, launch the tour. I mean, it's better than just putting it on, you know, No Twitter. Exactly. But just how did, how, How did you not, how did you not vomit? Well, don't jump ahead. Who comes up with this idea? Let's talk about planning. Yeah. First of all, you're a rock climber. Yeah. So this wasn't outta the blue. Yeah. Because of rock climber. Oh, no, no. I mean, I've climbed buildings before and Huh. I've always been obsessed with Yeah. I mean, just, just not, obviously not like that. But I've always been really fascinated by the Empire State Building since I was a kid, you know?


Oh, wow. You and King Kong, right? Yeah. Just like, I gotta get up there. So how does that Alright. As I did a tiny bit of rock climbing with my dad when I was a kid, enough to know that you, it's a certain kind of shoe. It's a boot. It's a friction, friction boot, I think it's called. Maybe something like that. No, Not at all. But that's Okay. This, this is close. But you need, you need some, It's called the rock climbing shoe. Yeah. That's, I write that down. And you need some sort of, some something jutting out of a flat surface to be able to kind of get some kind of a, a grip onto a building almost by definition is, is flat. So what makes you think you, you've climbed multiple buildings.


I see that. How, how do you get up there? How do you do it? Well, Windows sills little, you know, if there's kind of a stone feature Yeah. You use those. But, but a lot of times it's just the, the structure, the features of the building. But Were you hooked into something or were you just free Styling? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, we went to the Empire State Building and they said no. About a hundred times. You asked kind of. Yeah, we asked. Wow. And we had, we had to, it was too big of an undertaking. And there's a huge section of the building that's not climbable. I mean, it is. Absolutely. How about the whole Fucking thing Fucking Talking about, man. But it was fun, man. It was, it was an incredible adventure. And to sit up there for, you know, we actually did, did it two days in a row kind of a day to climb it, another day to film it.


It was Amazing. So, wait, so you're standing on the sidewalk, you're scouting it, right? You gotta take a look at it up close first. And you, you, you recognize that there is a path that it is doable that in other words, that first window sill, you can literally reach and start your climb. I mean, stuff like that. I just, yeah. The first step. Yeah. You And I was just gonna say The first step. Yeah. Yeah. The first step is, is is getting them to say yes. Getting permits to be able to do it. You know, but They didn't. Right. You know. No, they did. Oh. Because I, I think, you know what their big concern actually was wasn't Necessarily me. You falling off Falling. No, it was me falling on top of somebody and killing someone Street.


Oh, that makes Sense. But I had some climber friends of mine that looked at it, a guy named Alex Honnold from Free Solo took a look at doing that at one point, and had decided really that the first section of it was probably not climbable unless, you know, you you wanted to die. But the only way that I was able to do it was to get permission to get permits. And I had to be roped up for the sections that I climbed, the sections that were climbable. But it was amazing. Wait, so then you were gonna free climb it? Yeah. I mean, there's, look, there's, there's a lot of terminology that gets confusing with climbing. But yeah, I had to be roped up while I climbed the Empire State Building.


Wow. Wow. Had I not, I would be dead because I did fall. Oh. And, you know, it's, it's a very, very difficult climb. It's not something that you can just kind of do without a rope. Yeah. Jared, do you know that every night, and this is true, Jason, you attest this every single night, you get roped up, right? You don't smoke it, I guess you, you, you chew it. Yeah. But you get, you get a head full of rope every night. Sure. Wait a second. So, Jared, Jared, I've seen a lot of those. I loved all those, like free solo and all the one, the other one about the guys who climbed in, in Tibet, all those, those amazing sherpas who told, you know, that story, they climbed all those peaks. What was that one they climbed? Like the Seven Peaks, was it? Yeah, Yeah, it was called something like that.


Yeah. I mean, but, but, but sort of that the, the kind of the, the, the, the one consistent thing about all of them was that they just had this, that thing that I don't think most people have, which I guess you have. Which is that the sort of, they're missing that thing of having fear that most of us have. Which, that I have, you know, I start to get weak. My knees get weak when I climb a ladder that's above 10 feet. You know what I mean? I'm like, fuck man, if I fall, I'm going to die. Right? Yeah. And would did. So my question is for you is because all those people seem to have it and you have it, did you always have that?


Or did you kind of, did it just over time develop? No, I, I still get, yeah. I, I, I experience fear when I'm climbing all the time. I mean, that's what keeps you alive. But I climb with Alex quite a bit. He's a good friend. I climb with Jimmy Chin, who's about to go to, I think he's gonna ski down Everest or something crazy. No Way. But, but yeah. These, these, these guys, you know, they're professionals. I'm an amateur, you know, I do this for fun. It's a hobby for me. But there, there are a lot of times you have to negotiate with fear. You have to have a conversation with yourself. And I, it's a fascinating thing because you're, I've never heard people talk about death more than friends of mine that are climbing all the time.


You know, it's a con, you're really close to death. And, I think in a way you're really also maybe a bit closer to life. Right. I, I free dive as well. And you know, that's something where you're always having a conversation with yourself about negotiating your limits, negotiating fear. But I don't know. I love it. I think it's really fun at, at the end of the day. It's just fun. Is there any time that you actually be got really close to that, that moment of death? Oh yeah. Like, oh Yeah. Yeah. I was climbing with Alex and, and Red Rock where I live. I live in Nevada now, by the way. I moved there during Covid. Oh wow.


And I lived 10 minutes from some of the best rock climbing in the world. And I was out there climbing with him one day. And my rope got cut. Oh, my God, And I was about On a rock. I was about, yeah, 600 feet up, about two. I was climbing an overhang about 600 feet off the ground. And I knew I was gonna fall. Which is actually, you know, pretty normal in climbing. You, you sometimes you fall a couple of times and that's how you learn. That's how you get better. That's how you kind of make it through. Um-Huh. And just, and for Tracy, like the, the, you fall, but you don't fall to the ground because you've got a a, a carabiner into the rock at some sort of space. So you're only falling that, that distance.


Which is maybe, what, 20 feet? Something Like that. Exactly. Sometimes it could be 50 feet. Yeah, it could be two feet. It really depends on, on, on the situation. But Alex was ahead of me and he was placing the gear. I took a fall, I swung out over the 600 foot abyss. And as I was swinging, I felt the rope go, pop, pop, pop, Pop. No, Way, And, I looked up And I could see it. Starting to get core shot at the top. I saw the white innards of the rope pop out. Oh, no. And, I, And. I knew in those few seconds, milliseconds maybe, that I was probably gonna die. And if, if I didn't grab a hold of the wall when I swung back in, I was That. was it?


So I swung back into the wall. And I went to grab it at the last minute. Oh, I lost it. And I swung out again. But I yelled, lower me to Alex. Unfortunately, he heard me. It was very windy day. And he was about a hundred feet above me on top of this mountain. 'cause he couldn't see me. I was on the overhang. And as I said, yelled lower me, he lowered. So the next time that the rope got cut, it was in a different spot. And that time I managed to make it on the wall. And he figured out how to get down because he's super human. And we had to cut the rope and kind of negotiate our way down the mountain. But it was, yeah, That was, That was pretty Fun shit.


Yeah. And I were Like, dude, I would've been, first of all, all the clothing I was wearing would have to be thrown out. Yeah. Right, right. It would be, I would be, my pan pants would be filled with defecate. Yeah. Yeah. Sean one time. What was the thing, Sean, you said at the Grove, you, you and Scotty parked on P four and you ended up taking the stairs all the way down. Right? 'cause the elevator's broken. What were you Saying? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. That was my scariest moment. That Was the story. So At the end of it, Alex is like, you wanna do it again? And I was like, you are outta your fucking mind. Yeah. Frighten mean man, Right? Yeah. And we will be right


back. There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need. No matter where you are in life. When you need coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there


Trusted by doctors and healthcare professionals since 1995. Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega provides foundational support for heart and brain health immune system function. And so much more. More than 80% of Americans don't get enough Omega-3 fats from their diet. That's a problem because the body can't produce Omega threes an important nutrient for cell structure and function. Nordic Naturals solves that problem with their bestselling ultimate Omega fish Oil made exclusively from 100% wild caught fish. Nordic Naturals fish oils are friend of the sea certified and sustainably made in a zero waste facility. They're also non GMO and third party tested meeting or surpassing the strictest international standards for purity and freshness. Want proof? You can visit their website where they provide certificates of analysis for every one of their products. So I take Nordic Natural's, ultimate Omega Fish Oil, because I was tired of running into the same guide walk. I'd go around the corner, some guy goes, are you mal nutritious? You look terrible. And then I start taking Nordic Natural's, ult Ultimate Omega Fish Oil. And the next day he goes, are you taking Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega Fish Oil? And I was like, sure, thank you sir. And, and then I realized that person was in my mind, these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. nordic.com/ SmartLess.


I love coming to my house. I love spending time outdoors at my house. It's one of my favorite things to do. I don't know if that makes me outdoorsy, but I do like being out of doors. 'cause I just, I don't know. I like the sound of nature. I like being in fresh air and there's just no better place to do that than in your home if you can do it. And, I, don't know. I love my home. So Wayfair makes it really easy for me to create a space where I can kind of relax and unwind at my own home outside. It's the place where you can shop for everything for your home, from your living room. You want some seating that fits the whole family to the bedroom where you can, you know, cozy up and snuggle in. Wayfair is the go-to destination for everything home. No matter what your style or budget. There is a Weber hood in every zip code brought to life by everyone who makes their home truly their own. With Wayfair, a huge selection of home goods ranging from appliances and area rugs to beds and, and wall art. Everything you need for your home from living room and outdoor areas to bedroom, bathroom, and more. Wayfair makes it easy with fast and free shipping, even on the big stuff. And they'll even help you set it up, which is so absolutely key. Again, I mentioned that I like spending time outdoors. I was looking at some stuff online@wayfair.com. I was actually looking at umbrellas, not, you know, the kinds that you put in your backyard, not the kind that you walk around and bump into people holding and, and also these sort of Adirondack style chairs. And so after looking at a bunch of choices, because they had so many And, I ended up choosing the ones that I really wanted. But I, I was happy to have a variety to look at, a massive variety. And now I'm happy. It's good to come home when you live in the way Hood. Visit wayfair.com or download the Wayfair app. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com Wayfair, every style, every home.


And now back to the show. But Jared, talk to me about how you'd, what, what does that, what does that conversation with yourself when you, when you negotiate with yourself about fear? Because I'm sure it's not just exclusive to rock climbing. It's, it's about, you know, getting up in front of thousands and thousands of people performing with, with 30 Seconds to Mars, or taking on some of these incredibly ambitious roles, which you, you pull off like no one's business. What is that? How is, I mean, I know it's a deeply personal conversation people have with themselves about kind of gearing up for, for stuff and asking yourself to give what you got.


But, you know, give us as much as you're comfortable giving about because you, you clearly have a lot of, it's not, it's not confidence, it's just, it's Well, you tell me what it is. 'cause you, you've, you have it. Well, I mean, I think you, I, I appreciate it. But I think you guys do that all the time. I mean, some of the scar stuff It stuff, it's different. It's Different. You know what, you know what can, can, can scare me more than a lot of things is having to speak in front of a lot of people. Yeah. I don't do that. Well still same up on stage with a spotlight. Yeah. As myself with a microphone. It's bizarre. I on stage most nights of the week as you are as well. And, you know, even this is a public stage.


It's, you know, so that, that can always, you know, when you're just up there and, and it's you in your words, that can be a little intimidating. But I don't know. I, I think, you know, there's an inevitability, like when I'm on tour, you have to go on stage and Right. The weird thing about being, maybe you guys have felt this as well, I feel more comfortable on stage than I do sitting here talking to you. Or I would talking to a person at dinner, like I feel once the show is done. 'cause that's a character maybe. No, no, no, no, no, no. As the Lead man. No, no. The music is, the being on stage is a total opposite. It's the revelation of oneself. It's showing and sharing who you really are.


You know what, that's Where. Yeah, No, really quick. I was just gonna say at my wedding to Scotty, my husband, there was like 10 people at our wedding. We were gonna do like a thousand and my opening in my wedding vows, I said, I feel incredibly comfortable in front of thousands of people or one person. But this is right in the middle of that. Right. And that's where I feel the worst. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know? Yeah. Sometimes I'm, I have acoustic guitar. I'm sitting there in the middle of an arena or somewhere and it just feels Terrifying, you know? No, it feels absolutely amazing. It's so comfortable. It's so, I'm totally at peace. And it's a magical thing.


By the way. We're all this similar ages and you know, I have to say, I was stalk my brother and you know, my bro, my brother's a massive fan of the show. Oh No, I know, I Know. Your brothers an avid listener. He's been telling me from the very beginning, you gotta listen to this show. You gotta listen. Texting me all the time. Oh my God. This happened on the show. He's like, okay, I'm gonna listen to the goddamn show. Wait, Jared, you know that. I know. Sh we have mutual friends. I know sh Lopez. Oh, nice. He's a, he's a great guy. Guy. Yeah. He's the best. He's a great guy. He's for people that don't know that are listening, he's the better half of 30 seconds to Mars. Yeah. Right. We've been doing the band together since we Were kids. So cool. That's great. Yeah. And, you know, to to be be 52 at this point, and to be on the, on, on the road with your brother.


Yeah. Like, there's not a night that goes by where I don't look at him and, and just, you know, share a moment of gratitude how lucky we are To pass. I wanna come back to that, but be, but before we leave this thing is, it is, just so I sort of close the loop on it, it's, it's, it sounds like what you're saying is there's, there's a, there's a belief in yourself that you find at the most critical moments that fuels you through something that might be insurmountable to some others that might not have that level of belief. That your ability to go through something that, that might be really super challenging. Is, is, is that what it is? I'm of the thinking that I actually don't have anything special to offer.


I really believe that everyone could basically do anything that I do. Yeah. Anytime they want to. It's, it's a matter of a little bit of faith and a lot of hard work. That's how I look at it. Yeah. I think everybody could. But what's The faith? I guess that that's the part is it's faith in yourself. Right. It's belief that you can get it done and that you, you, you, you have the opportunity to make yourself proud and you're probably not gonna let yourself down. And, and the people around you too, you know Right. The people around you. That, that's a big driver for me is to kind of, to make sure I don't let anyone down. Yeah. Whether I'm working on a film or I'm on stage and, you know, the, the great thing that I've found out about being on tour and being on stage is like, I'm not there for me.


Mm. I'm there for the audience and for my brother, And I am in service every night to make sure the person that worked their ass off to buy a concert ticket, which aren't cheap these days, by the way, has a night that they're never gonna forget. Yeah. And I'm, I'm in search of that. Yeah. Every night, all night. And that's a lucky place to be. It's interesting you say that. And And I think it's, I also, I also have a similar thought process, which is that there are a thousand people who can do what I do. And I think about it all the time. And, I think It might be a bigger number. It, But, but, sorry, I'm gonna cut you Off, but sorry.


Within, within, within the greater Los Angeles area at any given time, Sorry to mean cut you off. It's true. Sorry. We'll finish your point. That was, That was rude. That was fucking Rude. No, no, no, no, no, no. Listen, I get it. You're hungry. I'm sorry. So, so, So, but what I wanted to know about was when you say, it's interesting when you say like, you don't wanna disappoint anybody, you don't let anybody down. And when you're on tour and you're on stage, is that your brother? Is that Shannon? Or when you're working on a film, is that all the people around you?


Is that the people at home? Is that an idea? A a sort of a general idea of letting people down? Like is that something you've always had? No, I think it's all of the above. And you know, I don't carry that with me as a burden. I kind of, for me that's fuel. Yeah. For the fire. And, you know, I I, I don't know, maybe you guys feel this way too, but when I'm on set, I feel like it's my job to try and be one of the hardest working people on the set. Yeah. Absolutely. My job to Amen. Absolutely deliver every single time that I come to set, of course you're gonna fail, but that's the goal. Yeah. To be over prepared, to know my lines, to know your lines, to know, to have a thousand ideas to bring to the table and to do, and to really just to die for it.


Yeah. And to also try to be the kindest person that I can be every single day. Yeah. And to be supportive and be a good partner. Like, those are the simple things that, that kind of continue to get me through it. But when you're as prepared as you are, like you just described, that eliminates fear. That's true. That it can help. Right. Yeah. That's, that's very well said. I think preparation is definitely a confidence builder. Yeah. And you know, sometimes if I haven't been on tour for a long time, I'm like, and we have a huge show and there's a ton of people out there, and I'm like, Oh, my God, how do I, what do I do? And then you get out there and you just, your body remembers, You know, all of this sounds like a really, really, really good work ethic and a and a deep sense of discipline and focus.


Did you have that as a young kid? Was that something that you, that your mom taught you? Was it, did you discover it in school or you just kind of come outta the box with it? My mom. Yeah. My mom was and is a great teacher. Yeah. You know, she's in a large part. I dedicated my Oscar speech to my mother. Yeah. And I had an opportunity. I always think like, by the way, I never thought that I would win a single award in my entire life. Those are the people that win as much Deserved Never, never, never, never, never would happen to me. Never ever. So I was like, well, I'm gonna use this as an opportunity to, to really thank the people in my life that have, that have inspired and encouraged me.


And, and you know, first and foremost, that's my mom. And my mom. She was a single mom. Yeah. We grew up really poor and you know, like food stand. Where did you grow up? I, I was born in Louisiana, as was my brother. And, you know, my mother was high school dropout, but put herself back through school with two kids. Wow. Single mom and, and got a nursing degree and really worked and fought really hard to make a better life for herself. And you watched That and her kids, you observed that? Yeah. And I saw that And I saw her do, if there was a shift that came up, she would take that. I saw her do those extra, I don't know, they were these really long shifts, at least 12 hours.


And then she would do night shifts. And I saw her work, And I saw her dedication. And I watched her educate herself. I watched her and it taught me a lot. So, and she was always very creative and, and, and really kind of broke the mold in her family. Yeah. So That was, That was a big lesson for me. Alright. So you leave Louisiana, where do you go from there? Where does, where, where does the, where does the acting and the music bug start to bite you? Yeah. Well, I was in art school and studying to be a painter. Oh, nice. Yeah. Oh Lord. There's nothing you can't do. It was like After a a, a stint kind of.


It's funny, you know, I'm, I'm negotiating in my head things that I want to talk about or not. Yeah. Because I actually don't talk about a lot of this stuff. We appreciate that. The fact that you're, we, yeah. But it's something in my life too. I'm like, I'm negotiating as well of like, I know, you know, how how do you, you know, what do you share? What are you not as you as gotten Over, keep yourself. Yeah. Yeah. And I've been less precious about it. And as You making fun about a safe interview, I've always felt Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And then, you know, you wanna share things and, you know, it's beautiful to share things. Well, can I, can I say this then maybe this will prime me a little bit. Yeah. So I I I, I've been joking recently that I know I've been saying to people for a guy who's a loud mouth know it all me. I know embarrassingly little about art.


And it's been like this blind spot that I've had my whole life. And I, And I kind of started to own it recently. And as from the moment I started saying that I've started meeting all these artists, painters. I met three, I've met three new painters in the last 24 hours alone who've sit revealed to me, oh, I'm a painter. And so I've been talking And, I've been reading this book about De Kooning, I'm boring these guys about, but I'm reading this book about de and and it's been, it's kind of like now because I've been putting it out there, it's been coming. And I said to Alessandra, my partner this morning, we rode our bikes down to the beach. I'm out here in Long Island, rode my bike down to the beach. And I said, I can't believe I'm saying this. I think I'm gonna start painting.


Yeah. That was, I get it. I love That was, and, and I'm embarrassed 'cause I feel like a fucking cliche. And I'm like, I get it. I don't give a shit. I love it. I think it's great. I fucking feel it. And, I don't know anything. I really don't. I'm a fucking novice of novices, but I feel really connected to it. That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. That's a, that's a beautiful, I love it. Do you still do it Jared? You know, I don't paint that much. I draw sometimes And I put a lot of my creative energy. And by the way, I think that's one of the important things in life is to keep learning, to keep, I always say I love to be the dumbest guy in the room. Yeah. Yeah. And that's a fascinating room to be in. And I wish Sean would that do a lot Of stuff.


Yeah. And, and fortunately I have the opportunity to do that quite a bit. Same here. Same Do too. But no, I think it's great to continue to learn to do new things. Yeah. And, you know, just to be, to be a beginner again. Do you get, do you get knee deep in the artwork for the albums and stuff like that? In the artwork? Yeah. Too much probably. Yeah. I'm the guy that makes like a thousand different album covers and, but I think, But yeah. But album artwork is, has always consistently been like, to me, like really cool or like rock concert, t-shirt designs and all that kind of Yeah. I'm a big fucking Radiohead. I, I've doing that like every three days we're doing a new T-shirt design.


And I mean it's something, it's a consistent thing. And I. Love that. But with the album artwork, I did a thousand different covers. And then, you know what I did, I I, I did this little art project where I was taking a photo of the sky every day. Right. And you know, after about three months, it gets really annoying by the way, I'll tell you. And I'd be on my, I'd say to my assistant, I'd be like, can you just grab that photo today? Sure. I'm too busy. It wasn't from the same, same place every day. Right. It Was, no, but it's anywhere you are. It's just like, it's, oh, I forgot. And then you try to make up for it. Yeah. But anyway, I had hundreds of photos of these skies, And I thought, oh, maybe that's an album cover. So I did 10 different album covers, just basically cell phone pictures of the sky.


And that ended up being kind of the, the, the, the, the basis of our artwork for our new album. That's cool. Which Was is is called. It's the End of the World. But it's a beautiful day. So it ended up being amazing. But by the way, Sean, you got accused it didn't you have hundreds of photos of these guys? No, he said skies, He said skies God, edges Of sky. Got it. I would take photos of, sorry. And then I'd hear a knock on my door. My hearing is so bad. My hearing is so bad. Jared, you reminded me of like, Of the same guy. You, they remind me of this really cool documentary I read about you directed where you, you, you, you simultaneously filmed a day in the life of 50 different, of the 50 different states.


Is that, do I, am I describing that? Yeah. I did something called The Day in the Life of America. Our album, our previous album in 2018 was called America. Yeah. And it was that time when the world was kind of getting a little, a little wild. It still hasn't recovered, I think. Yeah, I was gonna say. But specifically America. But anyway, yeah. I I I was inspired by a book that I had when I was a kid. National Geographic, where they took photos in every state on a single day. So we sent camera crews. We actually had 92 crews all over the country. What? In every state in Puerto Rico and as well in Alaska. And, and we made this documentary about the a a kind of one day, and it was fascinating.


We had the birth of a child, we had someone pass away on camera mean, it was like, it was a really, we saw it all. And it was on 4th of July, so we had all the Fireworks. Oh, No Way. That's cool. Yeah. How do you like that? How do you, like, how do you like directing and then directing narrative versus documentary? I, I know you do a lot of producing too. Is that, are those areas that you're, you're looking to, to challenge yourself on as well? Well, I, I started off in, I I was a painter in, in art school. Yeah. And then I took photography class. And I got obsessed. And I would be in the dark room, you know, I don't know if you guys have ever done that, but that's a really fun thing to do to kind of shoot and develop your, Go ahead Will.


That's a great tee up for you. For Sean. No, no. I In a dark room. No. Hundred hundred. Nothing yet. Hundreds of these guys in a dark room. Sean, You work on it and come back and interrupt. But wait, wait, wait. Jared, I want to talk, I want to know about you becoming a painter. Like when, what was that like? Well, I Grew up around, my mom was, you know, had a hippie mom. Yeah. And she had a lot of really creative friends. And I always thought that I would either be a painter, And, I, don't know. My dad was a painter and a photographer for real. Really? Oh wow. Yeah. I love both those things. And he was really, no, this is awesome. My mom is a great photographer. And I grew up around seeing her photos, and she taught me a lot about photography when I was a kid.


So one day I was the, this school had like a performing arts section to it. And I would go over and watch the actors. And I always thought, man, that is terrifying. They are so brave what they're doing, running around out there on stage. And I didn't understand any of it. I was like, this is just insane. But I asked the school, I started taking a film class, like film as, as a, a kind of, you know, fine art, not, not like film as cinema, those Hollywood movies. So I fell in love with that. And, you know, just like film History. You'd like watch classics?


No, no. We would go, they had like Bolex cameras that you'd rent. Oh wow. And you'd shoot filmmaking. Yeah. So you'd shoot film. Yeah, that's cool. Black and white film. And then you, you'd have to send it away to get developed. And we would, we would edit using razor blades and tape. Yeah. And wow. I mean, there wasn't a single computer. I remember the first computer that came in to that art school was at Macintosh. Yeah. And nobody used it, you know, it just sat in the corner. The apple too. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, I, I was, I was studying painting. I fell in love photography. I took a film class. I switched my major to film. And then I asked the school to create a class for directors about acting And I bothered him.


I went there maybe 200 times and the lady kind of looked at me and frustrated one day and says, you know what? I admire your persistence. And she like, you know, she just like, what does that Mean? Directors for acting, Acting for directors. Sorry, Acting for directors. Gotcha. Ah, acting For directors. So I thought like, okay, I'm studying film even though it was the kind of arty farty fine art film. Yeah. Right. But we should understand what acting is. Right. And I had this little secret. I was, I thought, Hmm, this is interesting. Yeah. Yeah. And it got, it got more attention in your mind than, than directing. Well, I, so we, they created the class after I bugged them. And there was like, I don't know, maybe four or five people. And we were doing, you know, acting like animals and Yeah.


Doing all these experiments. And, you know, I I, I don't know how much I learned in that class, but shortly after that, I, I had dropped outta college. I ended up in California To pursue acting, Music and acting. Yeah. Yeah. That's awesome. Unbelievable. Yeah. Really, that's my life story. It's really, it's really cool how you've been able to keep, but it's, it's just like, you know, as I said, it's sort of in my crappy intro that, you know, you've, you've been incredibly successful in both of these careers. Yeah. Like enormously successful. Yeah. Yet you've managed to not, you know, lean in and take, take the bait and, and eat the junk food that, that propels that kind of success and notoriety into celebrity ness, if that's a word.


And it is not, It's just not. Well, you, we, we all fail a lot, right. I mean, I always say I fail more than anybody that I know. I fail all the Time. Well, you're just getting to know me. You know, I, I've, But I, a lot, I failed a lot to Jason's point. It's like, you don't get sucked into that. Is that a conscious decision? Do you say no to a lot of things because you like to stay private? Or do you say no because you don't wanna deal with it? I mean, Well, It's just not you. Yeah. I mean, I, I'm, I'm actually an introvert And Yeah, me too. Which is bizarre because of my choices out there as far as work goes. Yeah. You're, because you're a movie star and you're in a rock band, it doesn't seem like a per perfect spot for an introvert to live.


You know what I mean? Yeah. It's a strange thing. But you know, when I'm done with a show Yeah. I literally, you Just Quiet leave the show. Yeah. I go to the, the, the hotel room, get food and, you know, turn on Netflix and that's it. Yeah. Yeah. Zel, Denzel Washington. Yeah. Wow. We'll be right back


Guys. If you've listened to the podcast before, you know, we've been talking about Helix mattresses and I've been sleeping on my Helix mattress for years. So you know how much we love it. And if you don't go check out another episode where we talk about it, because we wouldn't talk about it if we didn't love it. The Helix lineup offers 20 unique mattresses, including their award-winning luxe and ultra premium elite collections. The Helix Plus for big and tall sleepers, and the Helix kids for growing bodies endorsed by child sleep experts. Everybody is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix offers models designed for specific sleep positions and feel preferences plus enhanced cooling features to keep you from overheating. Every Helix mattress has a hybrid design combining individually wrapped steel coils and the base with premium foam layers on top. It's the perfect combination of comfort and support. Take the Helix sleep quiz and find your perfect mattress shipped straight to your door, free of charge. Helix knows there's no better way to test out a new mattress than by sleeping on it in your own home. That's why they offer a 100 night trial and a 10 to 15 year warranty. So, as you know, I took the Helix sleep quiz. And I was matched with a dusk luxe because I wanted something That was right in the middle of soft and firm. Right? That's, that's where I lie. And that's where I live. Helix is offering 25% off all mattress orders and two free pillows for our listeners. Go to Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess. That's Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess. This is their best offer yet, and it won't last long with Helix. Better sleep starts now.


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Like a lot of you, I have certain non-negotiables. You know what those are like, getting enough sleep and exercise, like non-negotiable. But at a certain point in life, your non-negotiables start piling up with things like kids' activities for you guys, or projects at work for people. It's funny how quickly your more personal non-negotiables end up being negotiated off the table when you get down to it. There should only be one true non-negotiable taking care of your mental health. Because if that's off, nothing else can be. Right. That's where BetterHelp Online therapy can help. BetterHelp is more convenient than in-person therapy designed to be flexible and suited to your schedule. Start by filling out a brief questionnaire to be matched with a licensed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Connect with them anytime, anywhere. It's surprisingly affordable too, because BetterHelp is so convenient. It can leave you more time for other important things in your life. But it all starts with prioritizing your mental health. So for me, you've heard me talk a lot about BetterHelp and therapy. For me, one, my, that's one of my big non-negotiables. I have to go to therapy at least once a week because it clears my head and it gives me more space to focus on other things that are important to me. And so because of that, it is non-negotiable. That's my non-negotiable. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess for 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/ SmartLess.


The peanut butter group and Chocolatey Corp have merged to create PBC ink. The byproduct of this merger is the new and irresistible jif peanut butter and chocolate flavored spread. People are calling this the flavor merger of the century. Rivals claimed it created a monopoly on crave ability, but the courts agreed it's not illegal to be irresistible. PBC Inc. Research shows it goes great with pretzels and apples. It's going to revolutionize snacking. Visit pbc incorporated.com or your local retailer to experience Jiff peanut butter and chocolate flavored spread.


And back to the show. What is, what do you, aside from that sort of that, that, that decompression routine of just kind of getting quiet, getting by yourself, watching little tv, is there anything else that, that you can really rely on that gets you to your, to your small self and is like, is it reading, is it, is there like a, a video game that you play or whatever, an app on the phone or like from, you know, Willie And I. We play like fricking word games on the app, sometimes on the phone. And like, do you have golf? Sometimes gets us, you know, quiet. Yeah. For me, I have work. I love to work.


That's my favorite thing in the world to do. I I love to work, work and work some more. And if I have some time, I like to climb. Yeah. And then I like to free dive, which I just started a couple of years ago. What's free? Yeah. I wanna talk about that. Free dive off of Cliff Into the ocean. Is that like big blue, like the look film? Yeah. Look blue. Yeah. And crab One cigarette. Well, I take one. No, I see my mistress. I have a coffee. I dunno. Cuckoo. So wait, so this is, this is done.


Every French person, Sean, every French person that come in the room, like, sort of like saying hi. And they'll go cuckoo. Why? Why is that? I just, I had this woman who I worked with And. I was living in the South France. And. I could hear from the cuckoo Shut the fuck. Why cuckoo Why do they say It's like the Englishman with the pip pip? Right. It's just kinda like a, you, it's almost like a hoo. But it's like, you know, But wait, so this is diving without oxygen? Yeah. Without, yeah. It's not a lot of people. When you say free dive, a lot of people think jumping off of cliffs. Oh, okay. Right. Like me. Yeah. It's not, you know, free diving is either people focus on depth, people focus on time.


There's static diving, there's free diving. What's the kind of, what, what kind of depth are we talking about right now? I Like to dive through caves. That's my thing. Oh God. I mean, That's Willie, But not with a tank. Right. With No tank. So there's No, Way out will, but again, I'm a beginner. I'm a beginner rock climber. I'm a beginner free diver. I'm definitely An amateur. Well, your beginning ass just went up the Empire State Building and you're diving cave. So it's, you're doing okay. I'm doing now. Long. Can you stay under, you can stay under. Let, lemme guess. Lemme guess. Lemme guess time. Okay. But let me, let, let me guess how long you can hold your breath. Okay. And And I know this oversimplifies things, it dumbs it down for us idiots. Sure. I'll bet that you can get to three minutes pretty easily.


Will Sean, do you have you have any guesses? I was just thinking about how long I can get stay under propofol. Like an like an Hour or when you, when you choke yourself out, how long you can stay. Before, before When I get the, when I get my belt around the, the top of the door. Jim, when I'm trying to just, what? I'm trying to, no, This One out. I'm gonna say what's, what's the record? No, because I saw like something on 60 Minutes. I'm gonna say three and a, I'm gonna say three and a half minutes. Jared, that's my, Jason said three. I'm gonna say, I'm Gonna say four. I'll say four. Jared. Absolutely. Yeah. Three minutes for sure. Four minutes for sure. No Way. It goes longer, but the Oh, people go a lot longer. That's not a lot for, that's not, it's that it's not impressive at all.


In the world of free diving, that is a beginner. Wow. Now are there, okay, so where are, where, where are the great caves In Majorca? Yeah. Sardinia. Corsica, all the beautiful places. I just was in Greece. There was some good stuff there, but I, I focus on depth. And I focus on caves. I've been, the deepest I've gone is 108 Feet. Jesus. Jesus Christ. Well, you need 10 minutes to re acclimate or whatever as you come back up, Don't you? No, you don't have to. No. That's, that's only with scuba diving. Yeah. Wow. Okay. So you Just use your, your lungs and that. Yeah. He doesn't know anything. Jared. Jared, why don't you just like, take up reading men or something jumping off cliffs or swimming in the cliffs.


Why Don't you just get involved with the crown? You know, there's a bunch of seasons you can watch. You know, there, there are a lot of shows I've never seen that I've been waiting to see. What do you want See? What's the, what do you want to see that you feel like you've missed? Well, I've never seen, what Was the Game of Thrones? I never saw, it's really never Saw that I saw the first season. By the way, I never saw The Simpsons. I never saw a family guy. Me too. I never saw a South Park. Me too. But I did see Ozark, And, I would annoyingly email. Ah, let's spend some time on this email. Jason often take your time with, you know, thoughts on the plot developments and the characters and how much I love the show and just, you know, kind of fawning Jason. But when you give me notes, I'd remind him we're locked, pictures locked.


So let keep it to compliments. Very, Very. I have a question though. I have a question for all three of you because you're all wonderfully sober, but do you think you do these, these climbings, these diving, this the, are like all these things because they take the place, it's a rush that takes the place of a drug? No, I don't think so. I, no, I find them to be very peaceful when I climb and when I dive. I mean, very good. I mean, you're really, you're, you're, you, you have to remain peaceful if you're a hundred feet under the water. You know, sometimes what's wild is you have this, you do have a conversation about death with yourself because it's scary sometimes.


And then you have these moments of peace that are just outstanding. You know, It's almost like drugs sometimes, or alcohol, at least for me, was sort of the fun of kind of escaping from being inside myself and kind of, you know, adding a little of this and adding a little of that and, and, and going to sort of a different version of myself. Whereas it sounds like your experience is, is the opposite arrow and it's just a real internal thing and Well, it it compels you to into the moment. Yeah. Being on the stage, being underwater, climbing a rock that you have to be present. You don't have a choice. You to be so present and you're not thinking about your phone. You're not thinking about your job, your girlfriend, your boyfriend.


You're not thinking about any of that. You're thinking about what's right in front of you. Yeah. So it's, it's incredibly simple and, and primal, I think in some ways. Yeah. I, I should note that I don't think I've been wonderfully sober. I think I've, I've had a few missteps over the years. Definitely. And it's always, if that's okay for me, it's been a pro No. And of course it's part of it. Okay. Yeah. It's been, it's been a process for me and, and or we say in Canada, a process. Sure. But, but we, I've, but you know, you get to know yourself a little bit better. And, I do find those things. It is, it's a combination of what Jared said and what Jason said, which is for me is about being present and being okay with being present and, and trying to accept where I am.


And it's, it's all about, right. It's all about powerlessness and all that sort of stuff and realizing it and, and being, and realizing where you are and where you sit in the world. I don't know about you guys. I've thought a i, and not to a, to a, to a crazy degree, but I've been thinking a lot more about my mortality. Yes. The last few years. We're on the backside. Yeah. And I. Think And I. Think about, I was saying last night, I went, I was Jared, you might have heard me waxing on about this memorial I went to, and And I was like thinking about we all are here for this one visit. We're not making another trip. We got Five minutes left. Right. We're, we're on this, we're on. And so it better Be Good and we better be happy.


And. I'm just, and we're all just trying to figure out how to get through Absolutely. The best way. I think I'm coming back and I'm gonna, I want to come back as Jared. Yeah, I know Jared. It would be pretty good. But wait, Jared, I have two questions really fast. One is about Tron. 'cause I'm a huge fan of the Franchise. Yeah. He's a big sci-fi fan. Were you as well, Jared? Is that, is that what brought you to this Super fan? Oh wow. Super, super. I've seen super, Super fan. So Tron and Blade Runner were the two movies. Oh. That really changed my life as a guest. I know you've been in both. Yeah. Bizarre. So I, yeah. That's so cool. I'm living in my simulation over here for sure. Yeah. Right. What can you tell us about Tron without revealing? Well, we, we, we've been developing it for almost 10 years.


Yeah. Wow. And it's called Tron Aries. And it's, is it picked up right where the last one left off or No, in a way. Yeah, it does. Yeah. Yeah, it does. So yeah, I'm super excited. And for me, like one of, one of the highlights was working with Jeff Ridges. I was just gonna say, any conversations with him on this one? Oh God, he's just the best. Yeah. Oh. my God. I had one take where I had to literally had to say cut. And they were like, what's wrong? Something guys? I was like, no, I just can't stop fucking smiling. Yeah. You know, I love that Guy. He's every, you know, it's money back guarantee. That motherfucker gives you everything. Ever wanted that all the time's the best. But I think it's a great idea.


And correct me if I'm wrong, isn't it, where the Tron world gets transferred into the real world? Yeah. It's kind of the opposite. Yeah. It's Such a great Idea. A little bit of the Terminator thing where, where the, the Oh, that's cool. That technology comes out into earth, into The planet here. I like that. So smart. I like that. That you, it puts it in context that we can kind of understand a little bit better maybe too, for like, And then tell me, because I love, 'cause I do a lot of theater. I love horror stories about live shows. And I know you do a lot of live shows. Was there any kind of crazy like fan interaction? Somebody rushed the stage Oh, every night completely lost the lyrics. Every night, every night. We just played, I mean, the show in CDOT was incredible.


I mean, I fell in love with like the entire audience. It was the craziest group of like, shit kicking awesome Americans you've ever seen in your life. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Insane. There were two people dressed like Beetlejuice. Yeah. You know, Another guy came, I literally brought a guy on stage who was wearing a a was it an American flag Speedo or was it just a Yeah, a me Speedo. That's Where it went. Will, Yeah. So, but let me tell you, I was just like, I, I was smiling the whole time's. Great. I'm so grateful to be in front of these people and, and it was just incredible. So yeah, I've had the worst things happen and, and the, and the most amazing, we, we, every night there's a, you know, catastrophe of some kind.


Like the mic goes out, you fall over and, right. Yeah. You're playing all these major, major cities around the world. But I also see here, you got, you got a couple sold out shows coming up in Kazakhstan, And, I, and Azer by John as well. Like what's it like? Wait, Wait, Wait. What? Yeah, what's it like touring all these incredible corners of the earth? Do you get out and like, visit the local markets and do you have time to to, to, to plant for a day or two? Or are you o on to the next place always? Oh, absolutely. I, you know, even yesterday, I, I bought a bicycle a couple days ago, Wisconsin. So we just take that out after the show, before the show on the day off explore cities and just Go. Wow. Yeah. And you know, this, this summer we were in Paris and in London.


Yeah. But we're also in Poland and we're in Italy, and then we're headed to Sweden and to Kazakhstan. It's just incredible. Do you have a thing that is a constant in each one of these cities that you like to check out? Whether it be the food or the museums or the churches or the, or the, or the whatever that you just, I, I have to see their version Of, no, I think, you know, what I love to do when I'm on tour is I love to walk around the cities and kind of get away from the tourist areas and walk through like residential areas. Yeah. Yeah. And see how people are living. I find that's a really good way to fuel the culture of a specific place. But the nice thing is it's not going to Poland for the first time. It's going for like the 10th time, the 15th time.


Because you find, you go back to that restaurant that you found, you know, seven times ago. You Yeah. You have a connection with the people and the place and the food. Yeah. I wanna see you play it. It you, do you have any plans to come through LA anytime soon? Yeah. You know, we are, we didn't put an LA date on this tour. Yeah. Strategically, we actually are going to play a show next year, which is the 20th anniversary of our breakthrough album, which was called A Beautiful Lie. Yeah. And we are going to play a show in Los Angeles to celebrate that. Oh, That's great. That's next year. That's great. That's great. That's next year.


Yeah. And do you have a, do you have a venue picked yet? I mean, are we making news? You know, we're making news, but it'll either be a Hollywood Bowl forum or something like that. Oh Yeah. Great. I wanna see that. Jared is there, you've done so many things. Is there something you look at other people doing that you won't do that you're like, oh, I, I, I dive, I climb, I do movies. I play in front of millions of people. You know what? Yeah. Theater. Oh really? Theater. Theater. You would, you'd be so good on stage. You Do, bro. You know, I'm gonna tell you why. And it's, and it's And I because I have so much respect for it. And I know how hard it is because I've had so many friends do it that I just feel like I'd rather enjoy that than be a part of it.


I'm also on stage a lot as it is. So I don't have maybe the same itch that other people may have to kind of perform live. 'cause I'm getting pretty satisfied on that other side of it. But man, What a, I'm gonna make a prediction that you're gonna do. You're gonna do a, a, a play in the next five years and you're gonna win a Tony just like Sweet Shaw Hayes Day. Yeah, that's My great. I know. Congrats on that. I heard about that. You know, will you not be surprised when I hit you with a text when you come to town next year? I'm gonna come rush the stage with my Speedo flag outfit. So it was You, And I would love for you to come. I would love for you to come. I would love for you to come and introduce a song.


Ooh, that Would be bud. That would be so great. You know, you could sing a song, you can play the drums. You Play guitar. I don't sit don s in the Sit. You don't want that. But I thank you so, so, so, so much for this hour, buddy. Jared. I hate, I hate that. It's gotta be a podcast so that we can visit, but I'll take, I'll take what I can get. Yeah. And, and good luck. It's An absolute honor to be here with you guys. And I'm, I'm really blown away by what, what you've created. It's something so special. It's well Back at So many people and you know, my brother's gonna be psyched. I didn't tell him I was doing it this morning. That's cooled And That was great. Tell 'em I, alright, well, enjoy the rest Of my first podcast. So thank You. You crushed it. You crushed it very, you Absolutely destroyed it.


Apologies to everyone if I fucked it up, but I, you know, a little podcast. No, you did not. No. You killed it. No, not at all. You killed it. Thanks Jared. I Appreciate it. Thanks for being here, Jared. Thank you Jared. We love you later. Wow. Look, put this on. There you go. Ah, you can do that or you can slam it. Yeah, that is, that is, that's Jared Leto. I I just, I love the guy. He's just always so smooth and personable. Honest, real. Yeah. He, I could've talked to him for two more hours. He's Okay. Well let, we'll get a number for him and then we'll make that happen. But, you know, he's like, I didn't want to embarrass him with the, with the acting stuff. 'cause I, I, I, I, I know that like, like Joaquin, like they're both like, for my money top five actors in the world for sure.


And they just don't like to talk about how fucking great they are and the roles that they do and the process of the, and probably our listeners don't want to hear about that shit either, you know, the process and all that. No, but, but You know what? He's fucking so goddamn good. Yeah. He's so, he's so good. JB and you're so right. And that is one of those things that those the great actors all kinda share, which is they don't talk about their process in that way. Yeah. Right. They're not like, hey, I mean, some show they Do, It's like a magician. Like, I'm not telling you how the fucking trick goes. Just enjoy it. Yeah. They're not, they're not looking for, they're like, let the performance speak for itself. Yeah. And then And I talk else and let's talk else talk, talk about my life and stuff. But I'm not gonna kind of walk you through so that you're impressed with my, my process.


Right. Process. Or you're starting to identify those things you heard him talk about the next time you see the performance instead of like enjoying sort of like Yeah. Pretending that he's somebody else. Yeah. Which is all it's about. It's simple, right? Yeah. Yeah. He's, Well, well he's good. It's, it's decided he's really good at what he does. Yeah. And a Good dude. And by the way, what he does, and then he has this and then, and it's so, it's, it's, it's a full Blown rock Band. Yeah. You can't call it a sideline. Yeah, no, no. It's arguably more successful than his acting career. Potentially. I mean, 15 million albums and it's been, it's been, it's been around for 26 years and they're, they're playing arenas, you know?


Yeah. Come on. That's, that's like winning an Oscar every year. Yeah. That works so hard. He, he works harder than, than than you obviously Sean right now working on a buy. 'cause I guess He's, he's Gonna say computer. I was looking at Computer Fucking Watching your face. Face. I was gonna look at what he won the Oscar for. 'cause I know he won an Oscar for him. What was the name of the movie? What was it called? You Tell us. It's Dallas by Beautiful, beautiful Shine. I can see you, but sorry. Bye. Smart.


Smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart. Less Earning your degree online doesn't mean you have to go about it alone. At Capella University, we are here to support you when you're ready. From enrollment counselors who get to know you and your goals, to academic coaches who can help you form a plan to stay on track. We care about your success and are dedicated to helping you pursue your goals.


Going back to school is a big step, but having support at every step of your academic journey can make a big difference. Imagine your future differently at capella edu.