
Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment, sitting in crowded waiting rooms, standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove these painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.


Rosetta Stone's immersive lessons guide you to think in a new language from day one. There's a reason why Rosetta Stone has been a leader in language education for over three decades. So I'm gonna check in with Scotty about his goals using Rosetta Stone to learn German, and I need to sit down with him and set goals because I can't wait till he starts speaking in German. I think that's really, it's one of the greatest languages in the world. I could riff on that for a while, but I'll just get back to the call to action. Today's SmartLess listeners can take advantage of Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit rosetta stone.com/ SmartLess. That's 50% off unlimited lifetime access to 25 language courses@rosettastone.com slash SmartLess.


While Hilton is always expected to have top notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now. They partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com. Hilton for the stay.


So, hello. Hello. This is, this is a, this is not gonna be a cold open. This can be a hot open. Okay. This is hot. Oh, I love it. Yeah, let's make it hot. Let's give it a little bit, a little bit of a summer theme. Okay. On this, on this, on this. Hot open. Okay. Oh, summer. So, so here we are. So we're on the beach and, oh, look at those waves are beautiful. Huh? Is that a surfer out there? It looks like Will Arnett will get on in here. We're doing a hot open paddling in, he's paddling in paddling. You guys, you guys cool with the gtr? Yeah. Ah, it has No, no, don't turn around. Don't turn around. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart.


Smart. Less, smart, less. Jay, did you sleep okay? I slept like a log. That's good. That's, Well, you were missed Last night. Lemon bunt cake and Rice Krispies really put me down. Oh, is that now? I Love that. We went back to the bunt cake, huh? Yeah. Who was that? Was that your hanni? No, that was a gift. Oh, That somebody else brought in? Yeah. You were missed. Will I missed it? Yeah, I'm, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I, I didn't come. I had a, I had a, a dinner with the boys. Yeah. By, by boys. I mean, my sons not with my golf buddies or something.


Yeah. We had a nice, just my boys and me, which was really nice. That's Nice. Isn't that nice? Did you watch a movie? No. We watched a little Sunday night Football. Yes. And which was fun. All the snow. And then we did, sorry. So then we did, do, we do movie night at night before bed for the, the littlest like to watch little movie. They call it movie night. Usually ends up being put a movie on in my room on the bed, and then it turns into fight. Everybody gets weapons. Oh yeah. And You don't fall asleep right away. So last night, Denny hasn't, hadn't seen Star Wars. And he kept saying, what? Talking about this is the real movie. We're like, I know from moment one, he is like, what's he doing? What's this guy doing? They're in a death.


He, he literally, at one point he goes, this, this great human, total human pure moment. He goes As, as C3 P and RT two R two T two are walking on tattooing shot. Hold your boner. He goes, that's a desert. And we go, yeah. And he goes, there's no sea there. And I go, no. He goes, I'm thirsty. It was so, It was so funny. That's funny. Just right in that moment to say that. So, Wait, but back to football yesterday I was watching football too. And I, I don't understand why they, the guy, when they know they have a camera on them, they just hold one nostril And they blow it out the other way. Yeah. And it's so they're always on camera just blowing their nose out.


It's like, just get a Kleenex. Oh, you're right. They should go get Kleenexes on the side of the Yeah. They hand 'em everything out. Excuse Me. Stop the, excuse me. Can I get a Kleenex? But why do they all spit in baseball too? I get that. The, the chewing tobacco and stuff. But you know, the only half the guys are chewing tobacco now. It's just, it's, but it's It's habit. It's a Tick. It's weird. Like mail. I'm a male. Check it out. I can spit. I it's people on the street too that just like, yeah. Spit when they're like kind of uncomfortable or they know eyes are on them. It's like, yeah, I'm a dude. But it's, it's people on a fucking golf course do it. Guys are like, you're not, you're not a real man guy. You know, we're just out here playing golf.


I was in Germany with Scotty on a vacation And I spit in public. He didn't talk to me the rest of the day. Yeah. He's like, what's the matter doing with You? Yeah. We got a huge fight. Well, Well now you've got an escape valve. You know what I mean? If you think about it, But like, why would, like, you, you, you know, you can, You can swallow saliva like it's built for that. Yeah. You know, If you have, like, if you have to get it out, what do you do? Yeah. But Exactly. But what, what saliva is so bad that you've gotta get it out? Sp put it on the ground. Well Here's, here's an interesting Thing. I'm chewing tobacco. I get it. But Here's the irony is that knowing JB as well as I do, and the, the Sean, you And I know almost as well as anybody, he could go either way with that. He could see somebody hork up, like have some spit and swallow it and go, gross.


Why don't you just get rid of it? Why would you, am I right about that, Jamie? Yes. I could argue both sides. That's so true. I know. It's so true. Right? Do you think if I was a lawyer, I would've the golf course, I Would I have been a defensive attorney or a prosecutor? Both. You would've been both. You Would've, you would've come in, your honor, I'm representing both those. 'cause I don't want anyone's involvement. No. And you don't want to be caught out being wrong in either way. So you're just like, I'm gonna cover both. You're like, my, my dad does that. My dad goes, he'll say, he'll make a point and go blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And you're about, you go intake, you're about to make a point. And he'll go Having said that, and you're like, oh, you're gonna argue the Other side. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're gonna get to our guest right now. But Jay, Jason told Ja, I've never heard that story unless you told, And I don't remember.


And we don't have to talk tell it right now. But Jason was doing a play and he bought the cast. Oh My God. That story. I was trying to remember what story I told you last day. God, it was so funny. He, I think I've said that on this before. Really? I don't remember. Anyway, Just some horrible example of what a fucking monster I was in my early twenties. Did We talk about last time the thing that we're not gonna talk about yet? We did. Right? What's That? Yes. No. Yeah. And please don't even think about it. We did. Right? What is that? I don't know. I'm just going Along the stuff that we're looking into doing with, with, did we, Oh, that, I don't know. You guys are in control. We didn't Actually talk about it, did we? No. We're that, that we're, we, we Decided, we're planning on doing something.


We're really excited. We, we, we don't wanna say yet, but we are excited Yeah. About something because we've had, we've had, the three of us have talked to, people have said to us like, Hey, you should do something with the brand as gross as that sounds very gross. And then Right. For a while we, yeah, we've sort of, and kind of like when we were thinking about going on tour, we're like, Hey, should we do that? Blah, blah, blah. So then we were like, should we do something? And then we've sort of zeroed in on something that we are gonna do with within the SmartLess world that we're really excited about. Yeah. We can't really say it yet. And sorry, we're not sort of teasing it on purpose to not make you guess, but it is something that we are excited about.


Yeah. And when it finally comes to fruition, so kind of bear with us, but it's something pretty cool that feels really organic to what we do. Right? Right. But first we're gonna say hello. Yes. Ah, how about that? Yeah. We're Huge fans of our guests today. Not just his prolific work, but the Man Behind the Empire is a dear friend to all of us. A self-proclaimed weird kid. His favorite holiday was Halloween after graduating from Vassar, his career started as a real estate agent in Manhattan before working his way up at a major movie studio. Today he's a three Time Academy Award nominated. He's got a great first name, two time Prime Tam I know who this is. Prime Time Emmy Award-winning. And a three time Peabody Award-winning producer. His company for which he's CEO.


And founders considered the driving force, one of the last genres to get people into the theaters. Oh, he's our brilliant friend. Jason Blum. Jason Blum. Blumhouse. Oh, Blumhouse. Hello there. He's Got his little warm jacket on. Look at him. Go. We're doing it. This is, we're finally doing it. This is a, this is a very important day for me. This is Everybody. Just take it easy Right now. So, well, it's not probably the listeners who are as excited as I am. 'cause you know what I'd like to share, you know, with all your fans, and by the way, I have, I guess like all your guests been listening, like the way not to sell your product is literally the last five minutes is Exactly.


You, you, you basically said, we're doing something someday we're gonna tell you about it. I mean, I've never, I mean, that was stupid. We're stupid. It was, it was, it was unbeliev. Which is why, which is why I'm, which is why I'm very happy to be here to kind of help you with your chocolate bars. You know, chocolate. Well, it's just like, if you were like selling one of your movies, it's like, like buying a billboard and just having it just be black. We might make a scary movie. It might come out someday. And I'm not telling you what it's called. Yeah. Listen, what, so By the way, effective. Yeah. But for my, my sister who, who may not know you, but knows the name of your company, Blumhouse Blumhouse makes all the hit horror films you've ever seen. And it's all because of you.


Every horror film out there is basically every hit horror film. The good one is basically a Blumhouse, you're Saying horror, right? Horror. Yeah. Horror. Horror. Horror. You got scary. Okay. Yeah. I just, I just gotta get something off my mind first though, before we start talking about horror. I just, I, because you guys are being really, you know, polite, which I, which I appreciate, But I think it's important for, for all your, your gazillions of listeners to know that asshole. I know all of you individually. Yes. I've known Jason the longest. But you know, I, I, we have, we, we have relationships And I just, I think it's important for everyone to know that individually over the last, since what, how this, how long has Smart Smith? Two or three years? Five Years. Four. Four. Four and a half.


Four and a half years. I've probably over the last four years, sent a total of 15 emails. Five to each of you. Every three or four months time separately. Banking to be on time separately begging, not only now the harsh, the harshest response is Jason just doesn't reply. Yeah. Love to promote the n new movie on Smartlist ghosting Me. Uhuh. No, Not only that text. I don't think so. I changed my email address. Which one? Not only e not only email and text. You also have done individual lunches, dinners and, and collective dinners. And a collective dinner. Yes, Yes, Yes. Right. Lunches, collective dinners. And, and everyone in my family and everyone in my company knows this has been the, the, the, the golden Chaus.


So for me, I just need to moment to let this wash over me. Yes. Like this is a pinnacle. Forget those dumb awards. This is, yeah. This is a mountain I've been trying to climb for four and a half years. The Ted Sarandos, if you remember when he went on, I said, you gotta put, they're gonna put me on now. It's been two years since then. I love that. I love that Blum said, forget the, of the dumb awards. He didn't say Forget the money. 'cause you never forget the money. But here's the one thing, I don't forget the money. Lemme say this. Let me say this. Don't forget the money. Two, never forget the money. No. Two things. One is this, you've, you've known Jason the longest, but we met longer ago than any of us. Oh no, that's Trues. In the mid mid nineties, we had a dinner in which you spent 90% of it on the phone outside in the East Village.


Yes. With your former boss. Yes. Being, being, being berated. Being, being, being braided. The other thing is, I noticed you're wearing your jacket. And one of the reasons is because you've been sleeping outside. So you're still, Let's talk about that. Still Not inpro, still not in profit. It's my Favorite. I am still, since the moment you showed me your, it's incredible sleeping situation. Blum. I am obsessed with it. And people use obsessed, but I'm literally obsessed water. I'm too, I never, yeah. Walk us through it, please. If you can. Yeah. I, my grandmother lived in northern California in Petaluma, where we still, we still actually I still have, I I still have that little, this little house.


And it was, you know, I don't know if it was before air conditioning, but she didn't have air conditioning. And they had these things, I guess in the thirties and forties really is when it started, called sleeping decks. And you would just kind of put a mattress and sleep outside in the summer to stay cool. And when I went to go visit my grandmother, I used to always sleep outside on a little mattress. In a sleeping bag. On the sleeping deck. Yeah. And ever since that time, I've always wanted a house where I could sleep outside. And about five years ago, we got a, we got this house in Rustic Canyon, And I built a deck outside the bedroom. Beautiful. And we have a completely screened in porch. We have, there's no heat. And my wife And I sleep there every night and it feels Great. And now people don't realize California, it actually really does get really, really cold.


Well, it gets Cool at, at night. Yeah. 48, 46 Is about the coldest that it gets. I sleep with, with a hat. See my hat. I sleep with the hat on. Yeah. Nice. And I sleep with, I have, you know, sweats and sweatpants And I, I, I don't wear multiple, don't wear gloves. And, and, and, and, and you don't need a sound machine because right next to the sleeping deck is a, a Creek. There's a little creek. Creek. Yeah. So you creek have water, and it's right in the middle, in the middle of Santa Monica. It's amazing. And I said, I said to him, I go, and we were in there And I, he was showing me, And I was just blown away. And I go, especially as a Canadian, I was really impressed. And I said, I said, how do you sleep out here? And he goes, incredibly. Yeah. And I was like, incredibly.


Yeah. I mean It, but then It doubles down because what happens as soon as you wake up from that freezing night, Then I do, I I walk down, it's a, it's a balcony with an outdoor stairway. And I do a jump in my cold plunge very quickly, which is very trendy and pathetic. But I do it And I take a, then it, it's What, 37 degrees? It's at 37. But I don't, I used to stay in for a minute every morning. Yeah. And Vivi Nivo stays in for a minute or something. And I used to stay in for a minute every morning. And then I Would start getting sick. Like every two weeks I was getting a different sickness. And I'm convinced it was 'cause I, my, I was doing that. So now I just go in for like five seconds, wakes me up, and then I jump into a warm shower and I'm, and I'm on my way To school now, couldn't all of this be solved by just opening the windows in your main bedroom?


Just Open the windows Doesn't not the same at all. It's The same. Not the same. Not the Same. Oh, not at all. Not the same at all. Not at all. Because every so often we sleep in the bedroom with the, all the windows open. It's just, it's not the same. And Lauren's on board with all this. Does she do the cold plunge too? She does not do the cold plunge, but she, she loves sleeping outside. And we sleep outside together every night. She, she doesn't do the cold plunge. But Sean, You used to sleep outside, right? Sorry. A a five guys, every time they open a new five guys, you'd sleep outside. Way more to open. Yeah. I got so excited. I was, I'd starve myself.


Now, Jason, the eccentricities don't, don't stop there. Let's talk to, let's, let's explain to Tracy about the traffic situation and the parking situation in Los Angeles and how you've managed to circumvent that problem. Okay? Right. Yes. But, but, but, but before that, and Yes, I wanna hear that. I just wanna tell Tracy, like, you know, insidious paranormal activity, the purge get out, it goes on and on and on. I just wanna let get people off. These are films that Jason has produced is what you're trying To say, right? That's right. That's right. Yeah. He's Responsible for all of these. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Split Halloween, you 11, that's five. All couple, couple big five nights of Freddy's, Megan. That's right. Left on A couple of big Ones.


Gifts, the gift which Jason was in. Right. Most importantly, the gift. So, But I say all that because you, you can accomplish all this because to Jason's question, you have A van, A van, A van. Is that what you're Talking about? That you drive a van? Yes. I'm obsessed with efficiency. I'm obsessed with, yes. And, and one of the, one of the things I was very fixated on is I'm, I, I've always kind of struggled with life in LA and whether, you know, whether, you know, I always, I'm always, I'm always, always very hot and cold in la but one of the things I really don't like is driving and traffic and valet parking and parking and all of that stuff. Losing the time.


I really much prefer public transportation. There was a while when I lived downtown that I took the subway in LA Yeah. I Would take you ride into Universal. I Would Uber, this is in la You'd take an Uber, well, went right downtown. So you'd take an Uber to the stop in Santa Monica and then take the train and then I could walk to my house. Wow. That's a very la way to take the subway. But anyway, the, the best, the best thing, this Van And I, I'm in my second generation of van, but when I, I always said if I made a hit movie, I was gonna do this for myself. And the first hit I had was paranormal activity. And I went right out. I bought myself the used Chevy Astro for 10,000 bucks. Now at that time, this is about 12 years ago, there were very few minivans with a flat bottom, like a handyman.


All of the minivans had a hum. Nobody likes a flat bottom for the back axle. I understand. Yeah. So this had, this was completely flat. And so we took a minivan And I took it to a guy who did car stereos and gave him, I think 20 grand, or I think the whole thing was 30,000 bucks. Wow. And he built an office in the back. So I had a computer, I had a keyboard, I had a printer. That's crazy. And a screen went up and down, all the windows closed. So I Would make it impossible for myself to backseat drive. So I Would never say like, I wish you'd take, I Would never think about, I wish you were going this route or this route, or the traffic here. The traffic there. Sure. 'cause if you're in your thing and you're working, it doesn't matter if it takes 20 minutes or if it takes 30 minutes.


It's Like a Waymo. Now you're it's a, it's like a Waymo. Exactly. Yeah. So you're rolling calls, you're watching cuts, you're, you're receiving Facts. I'm s and doing my email. I'm printing out my boarding pass. You know, you could print out your little speech. I'm printing out my speech. Yeah. And then if you need to park somewhere, And I know And there's no parking, what you did was you painted on the side of this van. What? Oh, I did. I painted, it was a, an, it said, it said electric. It was an electrician van, but it said electric. Oh, commercial. Residential electrician. Yeah. So it looked like an electrician power or something like that. A Blum power. Yeah, Exactly. It looked like a commercial vehicle. Looked like A co commercial. Little handyman. It looked like a handyman. Yeah. One cone. And you're good. You know, You know who used to do that?


You know who used to do that a lot and, and was really effective for Grab, was the stai, the secret police in his Germany. And they would drive around and it would look like a bread truck And they would nab people off the street and stuff 'em in the back. And then take them to the Stasia headquarters to torch 'em. Yeah. You know what I mean? So this is, We did the second part is a movie. We don't do that for real. Yeah. Okay. I actually bought speakers outta the back of some guy's van at a gas station. I did. That could have been the guy who redid my van. Did he Have a flop on 'em? And they were not real. They were No. Otherwise it wouldn't have been Interesting. And they weren't real. Right. They were, they were fake. They were empty. Right. Yeah. They were empty. Totally. Yeah. Now, Jason, you say your struggles with LA that, that implies you came from somewhere.


Where is that place? Well, I was born in la I lived here till I was five. And then I grew up in New York. I grew up until eighth grade. I went to public school in Dobbs Ferry in Westchester. And then I went to boarding school in Connecticut, which was very traumatic. Sure. And then I went to Vassar in Poughkeepsie. And then I lived in New York. I, from my first 10 years of motion picture shenanigans, I lived in New York from, in the nineties. I graduated in 1991. So I was there from 91 to 2000. Wow. And then I moved to LA in 2000. And I've always thought about moving back, But I never really Liked. But you didn't, but when you moved, first moved to LA and you alluded to the fact you lived downtown for a while. You lived in a hotel, you, you never wanted to commit. I lived at the Ritz.


Yeah. It was great. I love, I still own the apartment. If anyone wants to buy, I cannot sell that thing for them. Like, are serious. What about the Traffic about Laker games and stuff though? Like when they were building crypto and or Staples or whatever? Oh, Laker games was amazing because I had a me I had great parking. I could just park at my house. Right. Like you could Well, I didn't really, I'm not really go to the Lakers, but, but you can go, I could go to Staples to see shows. Yeah. But you couldn't get in and out. Yeah, I Loved it. I li It's a great, it was great. It was rare. You know what you mean? If he was going, I, I know what you mean. Like, if I was coming back and there was a Lakers game. Yeah. Sometimes it was a pain in the ass. It wasn't that bad. Yeah. It wasn't that bad. Now do you not miss like, the I idea? It just sounds so I ideal, first of all, I've seen the Vassar campus. I've, I've, and it's incredibly beautiful.


I can only imagine the boarding school in Connecticut was also gorgeous. Like, when you moved out here to Los Angeles, did you not miss? 'cause like, we're, we're recording this in the, in the wintertime of here in LA and it's just, you know, the, the, the, the leaves are finally turning. And, but it's like that most of the year in back east. Do you not miss all of that? Yes. I miss, that's what I'm saying. I struggle with living in la I miss it terribly. We go, we we're in, we're in Connecticut for the summer. I made a a, a deal with my wife. My wife kind of prefers la but we're, we made a deal that when school holidays, we go to the East coast. So for all summer I get to be on the East coast, which I love most. But where you live in LA is like, feels like the east coast. Yeah. Very Wooden.


You have Wood. That's gorgeous. Forest. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's true. We'll be right back.


Peloton has what you need to keep you on track to your goals. No matter what season of life you're in, Peloton has a variety of workouts for wherever you are on your fitness journey. Holiday era, pre dropoff, meditation era, dry January era, whatever era of life you're in, Peloton has the classes and motivation you need to get after it. Everything you've ever wanted to try, whenever you need it. Cycling, Pilates, yoga walks and more. Explore a variety of classes and discover what works for you, no matter what workout era you're in. Now I personally, I'm always kind of in the era of let me do my cardio and be distracted by something while I'm doing it. You know, some people like to listen to, you know, music or what I personally like to be, I like to be looking at something. So I like that there's like, there's, there's classes I can look at or, you know, some sort of guidance, like a fantastic option of, of a trainer to help me work through stuff. It's just, it's all, it just makes a lot of sense. I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a big believer. So just listen, find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


This is a paid advertisement from BetterHelp. Guys, what do you want your 2025 story to be? What do I want my 2025 story to be? I want mine filled with kindness and success for everyone. And gratitude above everything. Gratitude for the big things in life and the little things in life. I think it's important to wake up every single day and find at least one thing that you're grateful for. So every January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled in 2025. Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as your editorial partner, helping you write new chapters and create the meaningful story you deserve to live as the largest online therapy provider in the world. BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Write your story with BetterHelp. Our listeners. Get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess.


You know what I'm kind of known for my deep voice. I think Wills is a little high. Mine's probably a little deeper, which can be useful for a commanding respect from pets. Making anyone a convincing superhero. But having a very deep voice can also be helpful for getting hired for advertising campaigns. But a deep voice doesn't sell B2B and advertising on the wrong platform doesn't sell B2B either. That's why if you're a B2B marketer, you should use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has the targeting capabilities to help you reach the world's largest professional audience. That's right. Over 130 million decision makers all in one place. All the big wigs and medium wigs. Also small wigs who are on the path to becoming big wigs. That's enough about wigs. LinkedIn ads allows you to focus on getting your B2B message to the right people. So does that mean you should use ads on LinkedIn instead of hiring the man with the deepest voice in the world? Yes. Yes it does. Get started today and see why LinkedIn is the place to be, to be. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash smartlist to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess terms and conditions supply.


And now back to the show. You know what, because you're a real estate agent. That's so funny, by the way. I didn't know that. Huh? Wait, what? He was a real estate agent. I Was a real, I was a licensed real estate agent. Jason, when? In New York. I did it Forman Real Estate. 1992. 1993. Yeah. It was an amazing job In New York City. In New York City. That was after I sold cable tv. First I sold cable tv, door to door commission only, and made 29 bucks a sale. That's it. You only made money if you sold someone cable TV for Time Warner in Chicago. No, prime cable of Chicago. Yeah. Prime cable of Chicago. Yeah. I loved commission only jobs. And that's why, and my, the movies are the same thing. I don't get paid on our movies.


I only get paid if the movies work. Yeah. And that started when I was really young. You, you know, doing shoveling driveways or, and actually shoveling driveway is a good example of it is, is, is if I, I had to work for a landscaper and you get like, you know, five bucks an hour or you could go shovel driveways and say, well do your whole driveway. Gimme 10 bucks or 15 bucks. And I always, I hated getting paid. Always like a salary work for hire. I always liked getting paid for the exact work that I did. Right. Right. So when everyone else was a waiter, I sold cable because I'm like, I can make more money. It just pay me for the sales. And the same thing with the real estate. And when everyone else was a realer, I was a real estate agent. 'cause you only got paid if you rent to people apartments.


And I always liked, I loved sales. That's cool. That's Wild. I still love Sales. I mean, 'cause you have the person you have that you, you, you're such a amazing personality that I wondered if you, how did that kind of aid you in what, when you crossed over to producing, because you're such, you're, you're still personable. Everybody loves you. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. It it the best. I always say that, think the best training I ever got for being a producer was, was real estate. Yeah. Because you, you get, it's the same as being an actor. You get rejected all the time. Yes. So most people don't rent the apartment. Right. Most most movies you don't get. Most movies you don't get made. So it got you very, it gets you very used to being rejected and just keep, you just gotta keep trying.


Very, very similar to acting. You gotta keep trying and keep trying. It's sales isn't, and then it works. It's Sales. Yeah. Every part of this business is sales. Unless you, unless you, you just save a studio job and you're on the buying side. But even them, they're, they're selling, they're selling a direct, they're trying to, studio people are salespeople too. They're selling, they want directors direct thing. They don't necessarily wanna do. They want actors to do things they don't necessarily want to act in. Right. They want their boss to make a movie their boss doesn't necessarily want to make. Yeah. Everybody's selling. It's, it's everyone's selling. Everyone's selling to a certain degree. And your company's so big now you're doing both sales and, and you're buying and selling at the same time, right? Yeah. We do people coming in all the time trying to sort of sell you a pitch on something and you've gotta make a decision.


And do you like toggling back and forth between that? I do. I do. I like toggling back and forth buying. I Would you get a bumper sticker that says, I like to toggle, or I'd rather, I'd rather begg toggle. I'd rather be toggling. I actually paint that on my van. I like to be toggled. I'm like Jason, I like to do both sides. I like to do both Sides. Toggling electric. Toggling electric, toggle electric, Toggling electric. The Long lost switch. Let me ask you, let me ask you this. Okay. I wanna get into this. What, what is the current, you And I have talked about this before. I said, well, can we do a comedy? I remember about a year and a half ago or something, we had lunch And I said, can we do make a comedy? You said there's no money in it. And I said, really? Ba I mean you in effect, you said that the state of movies theatrical.


There's no money for me in it. There's no, there's No money for you me in it. Right? Yeah. No, no. I got it. Don't, because you're Getting paid. Don't, you're not getting paid Until I got it. Because I'm not getting, I'm not the comedian. Yeah, no, no, I got it. I read that. But, but what, what is, what is the state of theatrical films on this planet right now, from your perspective? Can people still make them? Can they make money? Do people want to go and see them? Okay, let's, let's just, let's just clear the record for on the comedy. My response was not, I can't make money in it. Although that is true. But the reason that we don't do comedy is because you, I don't, I think horror really works.


You don't need a, you don't need massive, massive stars. Right. For theatrical horror. Yeah. Because it's about The idea. TV different thing, TV comedy, different thing. But for comedy, for a comedy to work, comedy is just very hard to work in movie theaters. There's so much great comedy. All of you guys have been part of a lot of it on television. Horror doesn't really work on tv. There's a lot of great comedy on tv. So to make and for, for comedy to work theatrically, I still think it's very hard Anyway. And you need a huge star so that, that it becomes, it becomes expensive. And there was a time, as you, as you know, And I don't like making expensive movies, As, as we know, there was a time, especially in the early aughts where there was, there were a ton of big comedy films driven by big stars.


Yeah. But as we know, especially if we go back and look at a lot of them, it's hard. I've always maintained it's hard to make a good comedy film because of the, because of the nature of making film does not lend itself to that element of surprise, et cetera. And in, in television you have to make it quickly. You have to keep moving. And so it works for comedy in that way. Making movies can be often tedious and quite boring. A that's, but so it's funny that, that, that the comedy works on TV and, and horror does not and vice versa. Yeah. But, but what about the state of theatrical of, of movies, of, of film? Well, this is constantly on my mind. Yeah. And I, I actually texted, I I texted Aaron this morning, you know, who runs all the a MC theaters?


'cause they had their biggest, their biggest weekend ever. Right. And I keep trying, I'm I've been asking everyone I I trust on that. Like, is this like an anomaly or do you think Yeah, But but look at what, but look at what worked. It's a, it's Wicked, which was a a, an IP already established for 20 years is Gladiator two, which was a massive movie. Moana, which was an institution in and of itself, two Sequels. Well, that's different if you're say or people don't want original movies. They don't like they say Right. That they want them, but actually speak louder than words. That's right. People want Familiarity. The Reason they're all sequels and remakes it. That's what they want. That's what, that's what the audience is. The audience is showing up to that consistently, consistently, consistently.


And even more so now, if you look at horror this year, one horror movie in 12 months really hit original. There were six or seven sequels that worked. But one original who I don't think what was one I Would, you'd have to go long Legs. Yeah. Long legs. I wanna say that. I don't think, I think I don't, I I think you'd have to go back 10 years for, for, for an original to, to to see where a only one original horror movie worked. I mean, it's, it's have Have there been any outliers in terms of films that horror and or otherwise that have done well in the last, let's say, since the pandemic since 2020 in the last four and a half years?


Anything? Well, yeah, we've, our High five nights of Freddy's was last year is our highest grossing movie of all time. Wow. And that was or so that or that was the original? No, it's based on a game. Based on an ip. Yeah. But based on a game. Based on a game. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But that did, that did 300 million bucks. I'm trying to think was our, we had our best Megan, Megan was one. Megan was a huge movie. Black phone was a huge movie. Quiet. Yeah. Black Phone is not our movie. Huge movie. Conjuring. Those, those were Post me, you know, quiet Place was this year. Those were, those were all post pandemic horror franchises are la like I said, ins our, we had our Insidious five last year. It was the highest grossing insidious movie of all five of them. And that was last year. And It was the most insidious, most of the five By far them I'm sure.


I'm sure you've seen all five. Oh, Of the five It was the most insidious, the Most. So, hey, so Jason, without getting too much into the weeds for, for folks like Tracy, can you speak, what do you think the current appetite is in the business for these sort of, these trick deals where instead of a, an actor getting paid a bunch of money upfront, like when you're talking about this scenario with comedy, where by having a big star in there, it becomes sort of cost prohibitive. But I think some, some actors, Cameron Diaz is one of the famous ones that did it for teacher, bad teacher. A bad teacher where she basically didn't take a lot of money up front, but then had this definition for the back end of a profit participant where if the film did really well, she got paid a lot of money and she did.


Because I know your model. Right. Without getting into stuff you may or may not wanna talk about. You are, you seem to be open to this type of structure in the interest of trying to get as many at bats as possible in the hopes of finding a great movie. Well, no, it's more than that. Like that's our main tenant of our, of our entire business is no one gets paid upfront, including us. Just like my real estate and just like my, yeah. Just like my cable tv. Like no one gets paid or you get paid minimum scale. And if the movie works okay, you get paid. Okay. And if the mo movie works really well, you should get paid more than you've ever made before. That's our whole What about your toggle business? The toggle business is also a, an if come business, by the way, it's a fantastic if come business.


Yes. I, But I remember you saying that I, I remember you Blum talking about, and who I won't name, but an actor that you who, who was in one of your films in the last five, 10 years, who's a well-known actor who you said they made more money doing this. They took nothing upfront. They made more money doing this than they'd made on anything Else they'd ever done. They've ever done. That's true. That's true. And that, that's how, that's how we keep getting people to work for us and take a gamble. And you didn't mind doing that, right? You didn't mind writing those checks to that actor. The Greatest thing I can ever do is if I write the biggest check to anyone's ever made on my, that means you've done that. It's complaining. It's like complaining. It's like complaining about paying a lot of taxes. Like if you're paying a lot of taxes, things Are going wrong. Amen. Yeah. So then why do you think that's not more universally Embraced?


Well, it, it is. So I wrote an article in the New York Times. Yeah. It was an op-ed. I was very proud of it. And you can go back and read it. Oh, I don't read Tracy. No. Tracy can go back and read it, read it to me and, and or I'll read it to you Yeah. For New York Times. And it Was all about the fact that I believe from in my, in my, if there's one, there are no rules to making movies and TV shows in my mind except one, which is if, if people have equity in what they're making as opposed to being paid up front, what they're making is better. It just Absolutely. I totally agree. And that, and that has view has been very not, has been very out of fashion until the streaming correction, which happened about 18 months ago.


But, but, but explain that to put it in very broad terms, starting in about 2010, there was an enormous amount of money. Wall Street gave not just Netflix, but all the streamers money not based on their profit, but based on subscriber numbers. And the way to get subscriber numbers was to spend more and more and more and more. And so the industry as a whole spent more money than it was making because it wasn't using profit as a metric. Right. Okay. You with me? Yep. Yeah. 18 months ago when Netflix stock dropped, it's now back to beyond what it was before, which is gonna tie into what I'm saying.


But 18 months ago, wall Street decided that's dumb streaming companies and media companies need to be like every other company, which means they need to take in more money than they spend. So we're no longer gonna reward you for streaming numbers or anything else, or what you might eventually make in streaming. We're gonna make reward you for what actually makes money so that the, all the people who make content had to take a much closer look at their budgets. And the budgets are now all coming down a lot. And the quickest, most effective way to bring a budget down is to pay the people who make the most money, which are the actors, the writers, the directors, and the producers. People who make the most money much less, unless the thing that they make makes money.


And that's what's, and that's, that's, that's now, but the trick with streaming is that the ability to calculate what exactly what a profit is, but it's becomes vague. Yes. Yes. But it's not a, it's, that's, that's such gobbly go, it's the easiest thing in the world to create. You just, they, they have the data of everything. You just have to decide a penny a minute, a penny an hour. What? It doesn't matter. It's so that is Whatever, what everybody, everybody universally decides on. It's Way easier to, to to, to make up a profit definition. Yes. Here's the other thing that's interesting. Okay. I got carried away. Go ahead. Well, here's No, no, no. Think, I think this is a great area. This is the other thing. 'cause it's, I I and, And I think that, you know, it's pretty cynical in in the sense that, that the streamers, like you said, were were given, you know, exorbitant amounts of cash to try to do that, to grow their business and to get subs.


Well it turns out that they figured out within that time, and this is probably five years ago, they realized when they started to offer things, they started to offer ad customers Ad supported Yeah. Ad supported customers. They realized that their ad supported customer was worth more of it to them than a subscriber that, that they would get more return on. And so eventually what the consumer doesn't understand that eventually we are gonna be going back to the old formula from before network television. Yeah. Yeah. So we we're just in, we're just coming to the tail end of this huge fucking cycle that was virtually meaningless.


And now we're back to ad supported viewing is gonna be the thing that they are going after, et cetera. Am I right? Streaming is just basically, it's basically an electrified VCR. That's all it Did you watch anything whenever you want. But otherwise it's gonna be like it was before cable. I don't know it's cable. I totally agree with that. But it, but a but but a ver it, it's, it's, it's, it's changed. It's changed a lot and it's changed Not very much. I I do, I do agree with I do agree with most places. Yeah. 'cause all the people that work at the streamers worked at the networks. Well that's true. It's Almost all the same people. Well That's true. That culture's true. That that culture has shifted and all that stuff that they said that that separated them and made them different at all. The streamers now does not separate them.


Correct. Or make them different. Correct. And it's very, very difficult. Well, But hang on. I mean, we're talking about something that for the most part is subscriber supported the, the ad. It still is. It still is. Yeah. Supported viewer is a small fraction of that. And they Want it to be bigger Not as a, not as a part of the general population because people still watch a lot of network tv. But as for streaming, ad supported streaming is a smaller piece than subscription for sure. Yeah. And it's still hard to argue with, you know, having 250 million people spending $15 a month is a pretty yummy business if you can retain those people month after month after month after month.


And it really is, it's a retention business there. It's not an ad selling business. It's, well, you Know, it'll be, it'll be both. You'll have, and, and by the way, movies are, are are different than in a different category than what you guys are talking about studios. It's different. But there will be a bunch of people, a bunch of subscribers paying a premium for no ads and then there'll be a bunch of people watching, watching programming with ads for either less or no money. Yeah. JB I don't disagree with you. What I'm saying is that that is what they have decided that they want to move towards because it is more profitable. And I guarantee you all of them are gonna do, going to tend towards the thing that is more profitable. It's what they want. But if It was more profitable, then why wouldn't linear television be in better health?


Well, there are, because there are things that, that are showing up to be that, that are proving that, which are things like Tubi and all these sort of fast channel types of things. These are proving to be really effective ways that people are watching stuff who don't want to have to pay the subscriber a monthly fee and who are willing to, to watch ads and that kind of stuff. That, that stuff is growing. It, it's all about what's available. What is Tuby? Do I have tuby? That's a long callback. Yeah, that is a, that's like a three year call. Your Callback. Jason Blum, I want to talk about your stuff because I'm a fan And so first of All, I wanted to Start, I'm gonna, so he's Got 17 million questions for You.


I do, I do. Para paranormal activity is one of my favorite movies. Okay. I watched it a year ago with my nieces quote it Yep. Quote it. Well just, I I could talk about it all day long Then start. Okay. You keep saying you're like a rapper who goes, I'm gonna rock the microphone, wait till I get on the mic. And you're like, okay, you've got the microphone. Fucking do it. The fuck I'm gonna run. And when I get on the microphone, I'm really gonna then fucking do it. That's how I felt about this mystery product coming There. I yeah, I know. That's fair enough. Fair enough. Oh, I'm a, oh by the way, I'm a hypocrite in my core. Well, but Jay, tell Jason tell me about it because wasn't it true that the studio wanted you to remake it or they didn't like it or whatever?


And how did you convince them that they had gold and all that kind of stuff? Tell me about The story paranormal activity. Yeah, it's, I'll, I'll, I'll make, I'll Do the And did that, isn't that the one that kind of launched you? The quicker version of it, but Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was what launched the, launched the company. But I, I, I had a guy, this, this very sweet fellow who I'm still friends with and a very good producer, a guy named Steven Schneider, and he was a horror expert guy. I had a deal at Paramount and he had a deal with us and we had to deal with them. And Paramount, you know, whatever was ignoring me and this guy Steven showed me this movie, showed me paranormal activity And I saw it like, you know, on a DVD at my house. Wait, and it'd been a, it'd been, you know, at a couple festivals and whatever.


And you Were living in New York at the time? I was, no, I was living on Sunset Plaza in my, okay. In my bachelor pad on Sunset Plaza. It was before I moved downtown. You got it. And, and exactly. And, And I had passed on Blair Witch Project. Like I can't believe that. And now you're remaking it. Yes. No, we're trying, we're trying. We'll see. Yeah, we're trying. I know. Crazy. No, But yeah, I passed on it And I was never like, my boss just was like, you idiot for a year, you know, a year. I had to listen to that. But when I saw paranormal, I had this like, oh my God, what if this is Blair Witch? And I didn't, I didn't say like, this movie's gonna be of, I didn't think the movie's gonna be anything and what it turned out to be, but I definitely thought there was something to it And I thought it was worth screening in front of an audience.


That's what, that's what I learned from Blair Witch is if you see anything somewhat that might be good, throw it in front of an audience watch. Yes. Because An audience, you love Testing. I love testing. Yeah. So, so anyway. Yeah. I, I smile the smile on his face when you said that. No, but you, it true. I've, you talk about that Testings my dream. Yeah. Yes. I, I don't like friends and family testing. I like testing with, you know, real objective People testing the, testing the film in front of a, in, in front of a random Audience, a regular audience. And then they all fill out what they liked, what they didn't like. And you get A number. Yeah. I, I'm not such a big fan of that, But I like watching the movie with a regular crowd. Got It. It's the best feedback Ever. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So anyway, I I, I, I have an, I have an, you know, this, this itch I wanna scratch on this movie.


And I met the director and he had basically sold it to a, he sold it for a hundred grand to direct to DVD to IFC by the way, who, who never forgave a guy named Jonathan Searing was there at the time. He never forgave me for this 'cause I, you know, I said, it's the deal done. He said, no, it's not done, But I think I'm gonna just sell it for a hundred grand. I said, I think the movie should be in theaters. I told him the Better Witch story. I said, gimme a cut of, of whatever you make after you make $500,000. So I'm not gonna cost you anything unless I make five times the money you've already made. Then I want a piece. But until then, nothing. And let me come on and partner, see if I can get it made with you. Anyway, three years goes by, no one wants them. But we te I do the movie with the audience like I wanna do.


It's very clear. If you see the movie with an audience, it's gonna be a crazy hit. It's very clear. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm the sh the, you know, schmuck producer. I call everyone and say, you gotta watch this movie with an audience. They say, well, we've already seen it. We got the DVD here. It's sitting on my assistant desk and the movie sucks. And, And So good. And that's the way a lot of conversations go in Hollywood, but Yeah, exactly. Wow. We'll be right back.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? Let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate to take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Peloton has what you need to keep you on track to your goals. No matter what season of life you're in. Peloton has a variety of workouts for wherever you are on your fitness journey. Holiday era, pre dropoff, meditation era, dry January era, whatever era of life you're in, Peloton has the classes of motivation you need to get after it. Everything you've ever wanted to try, whenever you need it. Cycling, Pilates, yoga walks and more. Explore a variety of classes and discover what works for you no matter what workout era you're in. Now I personally, I'm always kind of in the era of let me do my cardio and be distracted by something while I'm doing it. You know, some people like to listen to, you know, music or what I personally like to be. I like to be looking at something. So I like that there's, like, there's, there's classes I can look at or, you know, some sort of guidance, like a fantastic option of, of a trainer to help me work through stuff. It's just, it's all, it just makes a lot of sense. I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a big believer, so just listen, find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com.


Get a headstart on your health and wellness goals for the new year with supplements from Thorn. They have a wide range of supplements to help you feel your best in the new year. Thorn's daily Greens plus features 28 powerhouse ingredients that make you feel energized plus promote cognitive performance and physical endurance. And their collagen plus is a must for glowing skin, healthy hair and wrinkle reduction. A lot of people think I take their collagen plus 'cause, I mean, look at me. But what I take from Thorn is vitamin D because I'm a little low on vitamin D just naturally in my body, But I also take magnesium, bis glycinate. S glycinate. That's an easy way to remember it. And I take it because it helps you poop and sleep. What am I baby? Start 20, 25 off right? When you start your health and wellness journey today@thne.com, that's T-H-O-R-N e.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


All right. Back to the show. So three years into this, I get, I get I, Dr. You know, paramount won't return my calls. And it's, and it, you know, and, And I get it still drives me crazy that the movie wound up with them because they hated the movie forever. But I get Dreamworks, this, this guy Adam Goodman, and, And I know Adam. You know Adam? You remember Adam, right? Yeah, of course. Great guy. Made a couple movies with him. Great guy. Yeah, Adam and, and Ashley Brooks. And they're working at dreamworks And they had, I they really into the movie. I give 'em credit for that. And they said, we're, but we're gonna remake the movie. You know, we'll put famous people in the movie movies have found footage, movie. So I don't know how it could work with famous people, But I say this is my, my my, my flash of brilliance, of which I've, I've had, you know, two in my career, but this was one of them.


And, And I said, I said, I will, first of all, you gotta pay me 150 grand 'cause I need more than a hundred for Orange, so I gotta get 'em an extra 50 grand second. You gotta put the original movie on the DVD when we remake the new movie. You gotta put the original movie on that DVD 'cause I want it out there somewhere. Oh, wow. Third, you have to test the, the, or original paranormal activity. You have to test screen the film in Burbank with 300 people. And you, Adam, and it was Stacey Snyder, his boss, and Stacey Snyder. You guys have to be there and not because I wanna release the movie. Because if I said that, they would've said, you're an idiot. I said, because when we remake the movie, I wanna invite the writers who are gonna write the remake, And I want all you executives to be there with the writers so we can decide which parts we're gonna redo and which parts we're gonna leave.


Right. I love that. I love that. And then I said to the director, Oren, who I, I give Oren so much credit for sticking with me all this time. You know, three years into this, he had 150 grand three years ago. He still stick. He's sleeping in my guest house for half the time he was in, in San Diego, but he used to sleep in my guest house all the time for all these dumb meetings we would have where people would say, the movies doesn't work. And And I said to Orrin, Orrin, I will bet you, you know, a nickel that if Adam and Stacey watch this movie with a recruited audience, which I was impossible to do, if they watch this movie with a recruited audience, they're never gonna talk about the remake again. Just trust me. And by the way, worst case scenario, if they do, you're gonna get a buck 50 instead of a hundred.


So it's no lose. And I still remember Orrin, Steven And I went to this screening. It was in Burbank and Stacey was there, and fucking people went insane. And three people left the theater because they were too scared. Right, right. And the movie ends and everyone goes nuts. And Stacey, I will never forget, Stacey Snyder is at the bottom of the street, and she's literally, the, the, the writers were there for the remake. They disappear. And Stacey has the three of us pitching us the 32nd TV spots of how she's gonna sell the movie. Wow. The theatrical release, right. The movie as is. As is. Yeah. The re's off the table. And they, and then Steven gets, Spielberg gets, Spielberg gets the results of the test.


He sees it like two days later, he loves it. Right. And Dreamworks is releasing our movie. And then, and, and another thing, I'll, I'm not, I won't go into it now, but, but Dreamworks then, and, and Paramount split up and Dreamworks went to Disney. And Disney Dreamworks could not have their first release be paranormal activity. Right, right, right, right. So we were saddled with Paramount and another year of shenanigans Oh wow. Which is how it wound up with them. No way. Another year from that moment, It was a year. They, they, they said they weren't gonna release it. That's all the the issue. They, they blackmailed us. They blackmailed us into releasing the, I've never really been this straightforward about it, but I will, I will be. Now we had, based off that test screening, we were able to sell 5 million bucks of international sales.


So based off the fact that it was gonna get a domestic release by a studio, we sold, we sold, we had $5 million in sales, all the France and Germany. We sold territory by territory. Right. You're already in profit. We had by a lot Oh my God. And profit by the movie cost 15 grand. So, so, so amazing. So we had 18 months to get the release, which by the way no problem. Stacey and Steven Spielberg loved the movie. Dreamworks is releasing the movie, boom. Disney were a paramount Paramount's, like, we're not releasing the movie. Wow. And it went on And they, why, why were they opposed to releasing it? They thought it was a piece of shit like everybody else. Oh, Well what About this? And, and the only, the only savior was that when Disney and Dreamworks broke up, Adam Goodman and Ashley Ashley Brooks moved, went, Went To Paramount from Dreamworks to Paramount.


So internally they were doing what I was doing on the outside. So on the outside I was, and internally they were saying, guys, you gotta, but everyone was saying to them, you guys are insane. Don't do this movie. And basically what happened in, in, in retrospect, his history is rewritten. Like they did this strategic smart release. No, Adam and Ashley got them to agree to pay a million bucks to, in p and a to do this tiny release of the movie print and advertise. And we contributed like, I think five or 600, they came to us and say, we'll only put in a million if you take 500 of the 5 million you have from international, which we know you're gonna lose in four months, and you put 500 up and we'll put 500 up and we'll put it in in 13 theaters demand it.


Which was only, that was the, the whole marketing thing was just like, how can we spend as little money as possible to get this movie out There? I mean, isn't it amazing to Have, wow, that's actually, I've never really, really told. It's incredible That, that part of the story, but it's An incredible thing. Amazing. But, but, but it's, isn't it amazing that you have this thing and what it takes to get people to believe in it and you just didn't stop? And isn't it fascinating that you can see it, but the people in charge can never see it? Why is that? Well, No, it's, you know, that those stories though, I mean, you guys know these stories too. It's, it, it, I have a little, like, it's always annoying the story. There's so many stories of I believed in it and no one, nobody didn't. Right? Sure. And it's the, the, the, the, the, it's, it favors the, the producer so much because executives, they, they, they, they, their job is to look at 400 things and pick 10.


So it's an imp they have to not believe in 390 things. Right. Right, right, right. So it's not really fair. Producer's job is to pick 20 things, believe in all of them, and 10 go, you know, whatever it is. So I always think those stories are, are kind of dopey and including this story. Like, I don't, But it's fascinating though. It's, it, It is. No, I don't, but it, it's fascinating. Except I, it's not like I give myself credit for that one thing of, of, you know, putting that language in the test screening. But anyone, any of you or anyone, if you saw the movie with an audience before it came out, you would know it was a hit. That's what I'm saying. It just, I couldn't get anyone into the theater. Right, right. But you did.


But there's no, there was no genius of knowing that. But you did. And it still took all of that work to get it, you know? Well, I Belief I had no clout. I had no clout. You know, it's like this little, you know, this guy with no, like, I had no track record. I had produced six independent movies. They were all terrible. One was okay, and five were horrible. So it was like, why am I gonna, why am I gonna waste my night and be away from my kids by the schmuck when everyone in my team has seen the movie And they think it's not good. Which by the way, which I get too. Yeah. How under the hood do you like to get creatively as far as like, script notes and edit notes and all That? I, you know, I I I, I hate being on set. I like running my production company.


Right. I give usually a couple of notes on a script, a few notes on a, on a cut, depending on the cut. Sometimes. Sometimes I give him more notes on the finished movie than the script. But Cooper Samuelson, who you know, well, he's the, he's the, The great Cooper Samuelson, He's the great, we've been together 10 years and he, he really runs the movie. He, no, he does run the movie company. And he is very, he and his team are extremely involved. What, What would you say is your fastball then, like identifying a filmmaker, a concept, a script? Where do you think your, your greatest talent lies? If it's, if it's not getting in there under the hood, day-to-day, quality control, et cetera, et cetera. Well, I'm a great picker.


I'm a good picker. I'm a very good picker. I'm a good picker. So that is quality control. And I'm a good seller, you know, And I, I'm not talking about it's easy to raise money for the movies now, but I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm good at talking people into working for me, you know, working for us. You know, I'm good at it, But I have a, it's a good, it's an easy thing for me. It's an easy thing to sell. 'cause I believe it. I really believe in our model, And I believe in the company, And I believe the model led it leads to works movies and shows. Yeah. And the only thing that I was gonna say is there's, there really no other companies that just do one thing. And that's been a huge advantage to us. And now, you know, the, the second, the, the, the, the second, the only other company that really does just do one thing like we do at scale is James Juan's Atomic Monster, and now Atomic Monster and Blumhouse, you know, we put the companies together Yeah.


16 months ago. And, and it's a huge advantage to not do horror as like a side hustle. Sure. You know, which, which, that's what the studios do, obviously. But also most production company, most other production companies, they do all the thing and we do the occasional horror movie, and that's all we do. I see every horror movie that's Well, That's of course you're good at because that is what you do. Yeah. You're a specialty. You understand it. And now you have, you're doing it with James won. Talk a little bit about your, your relationship with James won and, and, and how that came to be. Well, we, I, I'm interested in growing the company And I really felt like this kind of, this is actually kind of, it kind of ties together a lot of the stuff that we've been talking about.


Is that, is that, I, I don't believe you can make, let's just talk about movies and not TV for a second. Okay. I don't believe you can make movies. You can, you can make more movies that are good by just hiring more people. Right. And remember, we only get paid if our movies are good, or if they work. If they don't work, we don't get paid. So for us to go from four or five movies a year to seven or eight movies a year, we have to keep the quality the same. If the quality goes down, it's a disaster. So the only way for us to grow is to go from four or five to six or seven. And it was my view that the only way to get to six or seven was to bring in a partner, not just to hire four more executives.


Right? Yeah. But to bring in a, a a, a partner who was a, you know, visionary who was doing this on his own. Right. And if you take Blumhouse an atomic monster, and if you, if those two companies just continue to do what we have, what the companies have done on their own the last 10 years, you know, it's, it's like 60% of theatrically released horror movies have been done by those two companies. Yeah. Talk a little about James won. He what some of the things that He's done. So James won, first of all, he's a massive director, separate business. Aquaman Fast and Furious. Right. But he, he birthed Insidious with us, which is how I met him. But he's d he, he's out The Atomic monster is best known as the production company behind the Conjuring Universe.


So all the Conjuring movies, Annabel Laona huge. It, it it's a ma Yeah, ma The nun, the nun. Two, none, two, you know, no one ever talks about none. Two was the second highest grossing horror movie of all time last year. Did, did 200, 200, 200 $70 million. Wow. None. Two, no one talks about it in Hollywood. Yeah. So anyway, so we we're, we're we 20 next year, 25 is our first year where our release date Slate will be. We're up to our eight movies. We have Wolfman, we have two original movies. We have a, a Chris Landon movie called Drop. And then we have Megan, then we have Black Phone, then we have Five Nights of Freddy's two.


And then we, and then these guys have a Mortal Kombat movie and a Conjuring five movie. Wow. So next year is our big year. What percentage of box Office does horror makeup now in domestically? It's like a billion dollars a year. Billion dollars a year Is what? Like, it's a, it's about eight, nine, about, about a little. Right. About 10%. Good Lord. So do, so every, every award show where we're lauding all these other people, they should do, the first five minutes should just be a standing O for you and Juan just to say thank you for keeping us all at work. Yes. And now let's get, get to the Oscars. Yeah, For sure. And they, they're Five minute standing olum. Right. And they are, they starting a, a, a long time ago.


They've got really cinematic and less sort of like Yeah. You know, the, the rap they used to give was slasher and exploitative and whatnot. They're, they're like beautifully made films now. Yeah. There's less TNAI will say that. I mean, Not To knock it, Not to knock it. Sorry about it. Now do you know, I heard May, maybe someone sort of talked to you about this on the show, but do you know, I heard that kids don't want TNA in movies now because there's so much of it on the internet that they're not, they don't want TNA in movies anymore. Wow. No kidding. That Makes Yeah. Build progress. Yeah. And they don't want their driver's license either. 'cause there's Uber, you know, if you can get it somewhere else, I want, I don't want it here. Jason Blum, I, I'm a big fan of Get Out and I, you know, we don't have time to go through it 'cause we gotta let you go.


But I, I didn't know there was, oh God, you're Already over time, Jason. He's very know Helen. This might be the, this might be the quickest we've ever gotten to it and feel like we're just starting. Yeah, we really are. I got so much more to go into. God, I thought you were gonna be a disappointing guest. Oh, I know. But in four years, Bateman Bateman kept saying, I'm not gonna respond to this guy's Emails. What? Not respond to him Deal. No, I can imagine. Before the shot, say, did Blum email you the other week? Fucking, oh, Stop. Who's gonna let, who's, who's gonna break first? And then Sean. My gosh, Sean broke first. Wait, Sean, wait. Sean had a question though. Do, do ask it. Oh, Caller, no. Well, I, we, it's too long to get into And I can probably just Google it, But I did not know there was an, a different ending to get out.


There was, that was a note I had. That was a note had, that was an end day to get out where Daniel died and or it wound up in jail. Wound up in jail. Something wound up in, Did They write it? Did they shoot it? It was so, yeah, we shot it, it was at the test screening and we tested it. And me and my very like, you know, not, not, not thoughtful self, I come bounding down the island. I'm like, Jordan, the movie's great. You cannot leave this end. I like, I didn't, I didn't hedge I didn't write was like, you have to change the end. I said, Daniel is too good. Everyone is in love with him. The movie's amazing. And you cannot end him with him in jail. Like, it's just, it horrible. And Did Jordan say Yeah, but that was your idea? Yeah, he said yeah, he said, but that was your note.


No, you, you sent me that note from the back of your van. You were, you said you were on Kawana. You Idiot. You idiot. No, he was ama No, I pitched him some horrible idea of what it should be to Keep him alive. So, so in the originals, she, she, I forget the name of the character. The, the girl in it, the lead girl. Alison Williams. Alison Alison Williams. She, she, I haven't seen him in a long time, but sh she, she ends up getting him in jail. Is that what it's I think in the, I think now I'm forgetting, But I think the end, he's in jail. He winds up in jail. Like there's a scene of him, like in Wow. Wow. Yeah. It's so good how it is. It's so sad. And, and, and Jordan, you know, a month later he had a new idea for the end. He reshot it and, and What a filmmaker he is amazing Filmmaker.


Amazing. Tell me your favorite horror film. Oh, just a softball right here at the end. Jesus. Yeah. Just so we can alienate everybody he works with other, other than the person he names. Any funny stories of you going up on a line on stage? I like Hitchcock movies. Those are my favorite. You know, in terms of like those, that's, those are my, those are my inspiration movies. Yeah. Okay, so listen. Yeah, you gotta get outta here. We gotta get outta here. What movies, what Blumhouse movies are we gonna go to? Are people gonna come and see in 2025? Tell us right now. He just did, Did Wolf. I hear Wolf Man is Wolfman. Wolfman is January. It's great. It's Lee L who did The Invisible Man. It's amazing. Is that Julia Garner?


Julia Garner and Chris Abbott? Yeah. So Wolf Man is January. Okay. Wolfman is January this original movie by Chris Landon who did Happy Death Day. Michael Landon's son. Michael Landon's son called Drop with Megan Fahe, which is Great Drop. And then we have Megan two Megan Two. Summer release. Summer release. Then we have black phone, two Black Ethan Hawk that's got Derrickson with the great Ethan Hawk back with the great Ethan. Oh, back the grabber. Okay. I thought they caught him. Yeah, I thought they grabbed him. Then We have five nights at Freddy's two. Now, clearly you guys missed the first one, but you 10 nights at Freddy's, you've got 12 months to see the first and then see the second, you know, 10 Nights, it's gonna be a month.


Fred Monster Christmas release, Christmas release this year If you're doing the Math December release. And our, our friends at Atomic Monster have the next conjuring movie have Mortal Combat. So it's, it, It's a full slate of great movies year. It's a monster year. You should Consider doing, you should consider doing the year after for five nights at Freddie. Do it as a Christmas movie. 12 Nights of Freddie tied into Christmas. Yeah. Idea. It's a great idea. That's a freebie. We're you're welcome. We're, it's a free one. It's a free one from us to you. Lum House is bringing you all the movies you want to see. Go and go and see them. We urge you, we urge you to go and see 'em. And you are an unbelievable guest. You are an unbelievable, Unbelievable guy.


Took me four years, But I, there was a lot of pressure. I had to make it worth it. You delivered. Thank you guys. You delivered. Thank you for having Me. I appreciate it. Thanks. Yeah. Say hi to Lauren, please. Okay. I will. Lots of love to all Of you. Love you. And Congrats by the way, your new daughter. Thank You. Thank you. Our little daughter. Yeah. Bye buddy. All right, thanks guys. Byebye. Bye pal. The man has a gift for Gab, you know? Yeah. We could expand this to, to four hosts and very easily come in Here. But aside from, totally aside from buying a movie from him, I Would buy a house from him. I know, Yeah. I'd let him shovel my driveway. Yeah. I'd let him shovel my driveway. I'd, I'd let him fix my wiring, huh? Yeah. With the, with the electric van.


No. A very, very good person. And so is his wife. And it's just, I don't know, A good guy. Yeah. I mean, and and a perfect example of, of how to succeed. You know, like when you, when you're kind of starting out in this business, if there's any young producers out there, it's a perfect person to kind of, you know, look for inspiration of how he did it. I Know, but it's like, how would you, what? But how would you say like, you know, he does have, I was trying to break down like what, what's the recipe to become Jason Blanc His personality. But I mean, but not to belittle, I tell you his ability in the business and That too. But I mean, people skills is an enormous, enormous part of this industry. Huge. No matter what lane you're In.


That's true. And I will say this And I I will say he has the, the, the, I was thinking about it too throughout the thing. Like what is it makes him so successful o other than he's got, he says that he's a good picker. He's got tremendous people skills. He understands, but he's really smart. Yeah. And so you have To be a lot of things and he's a lot of things. So like, it's a good place to start is being really smart. Yeah. Nice. You know, JB nothing nice, Huh? Oh no. I was looking at a text and I thought, are we, Well now we know why you're not him Inattentive. Now we know, We know why you're not him. 'cause he would never do that. No, no, not at all. Well, ar Rob arm, I've stopped fucking texting me while we're doing the wrap up.


God dammit. Rob, Rob was texting you. Yeah, We, we have, we have pickups. We have pickups we have to get to. So let's get to a bye. Sean, you have anything on The list? I don't have anything on the list that fits really. How about, let's see, look, you know, let's try a new thing. I'm gonna give you a word here that I'd like for you to work into a buy. Okay. And it's, it's, the word is bifurcate. Okay. Will, would you like to go first? Well, we just, we did that one last, last week. Right? Okay. How about A how about a, how about a buyback? What's a buyback? A buyback. What is a buyback? Somebody with two backs. A buyback would be if you wanted to purchase something back from somebody. Oh, Well I Would never wanna do that to one of his films.


I Would never want to go into his film after seeing something so spectacular. And ask for a, You would never need to, you Never need to need to go into his. I feel Like this is gonna, I feel like this is gonna be really lazy. No, I feel like this is really, I Would never for need a buy back. Oh no. We all even saw it coming. I instead of Get it could be called Ba. What's that? What's that Michael? Instead Of Get out, it could be called Bayou Ba. There you go. Oh Yes. It didn't clear it was already taken. Oh, what? Yeah, the original title for Get Out was Bye bye.


That's good. Smart. Nice. Smart. Less. SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally Handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry, Rob Arm, JV and Bennett Barco Smart Less. Hello friends. Jason here. We are so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love.


And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day. If approved applications are typically funded, the next business day or sooner loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.