
Hello friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


As an affordable online learning program, IXL covers math, language arts, science and social studies with interactive practice problems for kids from pre-K to 12th grade. So one of our producers has this gorgeous, beautiful, amazing daughter and he uses IXL for her and it helps her with all of her homework while growing up. And she always expresses how much she loves it. She loves the help. And of course, our producer loves the help of the help. Make an impact on your child's learning. Get IXL now and SmartLess. Listeners can get an exclusive 20% off IXL membership when they sign up today@ixl.com slash SmartLess. Visit ixl.com/ SmartLess to get the most effective learning program out there at the best price.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase. Plus, shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Hi guys. We're about to do the show. How do you feel today? All right. Feel pretty good. Thank you. I feel pretty good. It great. You sound like it. Oh, welcome to SmartLess. Give Us a chance to catch our breath. Smart. Smart. Less smart, less. Oh, Willy's like really sensitive and kind of like, he's like delicate today. He is like very delicate. I am. You're picking up on a vibe. I am. Yeah. You're super delicate. We know who you are. Backwards hat kind of vibe. Like it's great.


Yeah. Just took it off. Hair. Getting a little long. He's an artist. Little. He's an artisan. He didn't get much sleep last night. It's Like crystal Gale over there, dude. Right. Bet it. I don't know what you're doing, but you are dialed. You are dial dude. Here comes JJs back. You're picking up on a fire. Oh, There, you're there. He's okay. Will is sensitive today. And tired today. He's a sensitive, tired little boy. It's true. Well, it's Sunday mourn. Well, no, it's Sunday afternoon. It's lunchtime where you are. Willie. Yeah. Great, great week long late nights. Shawnee was there. Do some nights. Shawnee was there a few nights In a row.


Oh yeah, Sean, you did the little work this week too, with Will. That was fun though. It was really fun. Some really good laughs. It was really fun, wasn't it? Yeah. Oh my God. We had, oh, Did you guys really work the scenes? Huh? No, we did. Was It magic? I mean Yes. Yes. First of all. Yes. Yeah, It was, it it was good. Yeah. Was it? Yeah. And then, then we had a couple moments we had, we're sitting around this table that's all done up, you know, the props has put the food out and stuff and Sean picks up these noodles and goes, somebody says something and goes, that's really low man. Come on. Dumb. So dumb. We're All trying to think of like Chinese food puns. And he was so dumb. Was it on camera? Was it just in between setups?


No, No, it was just in between setups and we were just laughing 'cause it's so dumb. Everybody's giddy 'cause it's, you know, one in the morning or whatever. Yeah. And then, And then, and then Pete and Then said, Sean said, oh, we got dinner. He goes, I got a meal with somebody this week and tomorrow. And I go, oh, at dinner. He goes, no lunch. I try to keep my, keep my dinners free. And I said, free of what? Vegetables. Did you get any of this on camera or is it just for your own? But that was pretty funny. Was just for fun. That was funny. Whether you By the way to say something about Pete, the great Pete Thorell. Oh yeah. Pete. Pete Thrill's an absolute all star. He's The best real. I love that guy. Yeah, he's incredible. A total star. So fast. He's the first ad he's the for Tracy.


That's the guy. Basically just keeps everything on track and running and for everybody on this Guy runs the show. Yeah. And so it was like one in the morning and on. Everybody's so tired and not in the mood for any jokes. And I, and Pete was just talking about how the scenes goes. And I said, Hey Pete. He goes, yeah. I go, can you keep your process inside? 'cause we can all hear it And, And have enough to think about. Did he Laugh for a second? Yeah, he laughed. But for a second, on his second he Thought I was serious. He thought he was serious. And, and I could see that Pete's like, is this guy really saying this to me? Yeah. Asshole Complicated. What he was running. And Sean just did it in front of everybody.


Hey Pete. Like across the set. Can you just keep your, your vocalizing outside your process? Pete Rell, one of the all time greats. Jay that Jay Jay that came, he came from you. He was a recommend from you. Yeah. That's because You'd worked with him and he's just The greatest. Yeah. Pete and I have done a ton of stuff together. It's my first ad and things that I've directed. He's just like, he's So great. He's so great. He, so you guys have worked together a lot. We've done, we did family fame together. We did three or four seasons of Ozark together. We did the he He was the first ad ev every episode of Ozark. Those first three, Four. No, no, no. He alternated with you. Rotate to There's two of them.


Oh, right. There's Two. But I, I get Pete on everything I direct if he's available, but he's very fancy now. He's working with a bunch of, you know, directors that, you know, make me look like a little punk. No. Which I am. Which is weird. He we together a lot. 'cause he said I'm his favorite. He's ever, anyway, it doesn't matter. I literally, I literally take work just So I could work with Pete. Like, I really don't care what the script is. I get Yeah. He he's a Hunter. I now get it. He's, he's incredible. He's an incredible dude. And anyway, the great Pete threw Ah, so wait, so Willie, I wanted to wait to share this with you today. 'cause I already told Jason last Sunday that this is one of the craziest things that happened to me. So Scott and I were looking at real estate in Brooklyn and we go see this new townhouse, not that we can afford it.


We just were like, let's see what's around. And my broker's like, you should see what's, anyways, this beautiful townhouse. It was crazy. It was like five floors. And so we're walking, we're walking up, walking all the way upstairs. We get to the top stairs, it's totally outta breath. And I'm like, okay, great. Let's just move on to things that are real and, and, and chase. Wait, wait. Because writing five, walking up five flights of stairs is just, it's not Gonna happen. Happen even in the real world. No, no. Not five flight. It's not gonna flights of stairs. No. So Scotty goes, let's ride the elevator down. I'm like, okay. So we got him. Me and Scotty didn't get on the elevator with one of our realtors. And Linda is her name. She's great. And so it's like shoulder to shoulder. This sh like post is, Hey Linda, if you're out there, apparently you're great. Sorry, Go ahead. Good for you Linda.


You're part of the team. One of our realtors. Go ahead. Well, there you're in the fucking elevator. In a townhouse. This is a hashtag. Relatable. Keep going. But wait, so Willie, she, the door's closed. The gates close. I press the button and it doesn't move open. The door won't open. Press the button again. Well north shoulder to shoulder. And now even 10 seconds in, I'm like, this isn't, I was freaking out. And 30 seconds, one minute, five minutes, she's calling the realtor. Scotty's blood sugar is dropping like crazy that no boy, because they're double arrows. I was like, okay, so he's gonna die in here.


I'm gonna like, it was crazy. And So I yelled through the door, I'm like, call nine one one. So they call nine one one and get, they call nine one on the fire. Bring me A box of Reese's. So the firefighters come and just now we're like, 30 seconds is a long time to be stuck in something with that. So Now you got a boner. Right. Makes it even worse. That, That would've fixed it. So wait, so you think 30 seconds is long or a minute? We were in there for like 10, 15 minutes.


It was great. I had to, I had to squat down and like breathe. I was going crazy. So Of course. Hey Will, Is gum good? Does it taste good? Because it sounds awesome at me. It's just a podcast, you know, know Unreal. Okay, wait, sorry, keep going. Sean. This is Awesome. I'm the, have the story. So the fire as the firefighters pull up, there was a latch in the door. I pushed it, the door open, I got out. That's it. And you're out. And, and and, and, and, and Scotty made it. Okay. We're not too sure. He's still in the box that I never looked back. Never looked back. Jason, Jason feigned interest is Scott.


Is Scotty always? Okay. It is Scotty. Good. Let how's, Okay, let's get to the gift. How's Linda's data plan? And so you passed on this one. Back in the SUV. Did you ask if you could put it in escalator? Oh God. Is that funny? All right, let's get, let's get to our Guest. Jesus Christ. Ah Christ. You guys, I all, we're all big, big fans of this guy. He's amazing. No, Not, I'm not, I'm not committing to that yet. Yeah, I promise. You're don't know who it is. It was such, and it was such an honor when he was a guest of ours in Will and Grace, before becoming the beloved Hollywood treasure that we know today.


He used to write affirmations in the shower asking God to let him be an actor. Spoiler alert, God delivered. But before that, he was pedaling office supplies to correction facilities in between auditions. Today, when he is not recording amazing Jazz albums, you can see him being wizardly in one of the hottest blockbusters this year. It's the incredibly talented and utterly delightful. Jeff Goldblum. Oh yes. I am a fan of Jeff Goldblum. Yes. I'm a fan as well. Jeff? Yes. Fava. Oh, the best, the best. Hi Jeff. I'm so sorry. I'm literally crying. Oh yeah, Sean, I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I love you. So I, By the way, where are you?


You Know where I am in my, in our apartment in Florence Henry. Oh, Oh wow. Horse. Another hashtag relatable. Of course, Jeffrey's doing very well. Is Do you, you don't have an elevator in there, do you? My God, yes you do. You do. Yes, We do. It's a couple of floors. It's very, very nice. But, And I, I wanna be relatable. No, we've been living here for, you know, the last couple of years. A few years. Our two kids, seven and nine, two boys are going to school here. Fran says, my wife is from Toronto. She speaks French to them. They speak now three languages. 'cause they speak Italian. Well, is from Toronto. I know he is.


I have much to ask. I I'm, I'm so interested in you guys. I'm, I adore you. I adore this show. And just your little teta teta Tet before I came on my coffee Chat. Yeah, your coffee chat. I love so much and I love this show. But you know what I love it reminded me is, is people making each other laugh. I, if I have my druthers, I oftentimes, if I really need a lift, I'll go on YouTube and see the blooper reels. Yeah. For, you know, I have my favorites. You know, Julie Louis Dreyfuss, I love it. On, on, on Seinfeld. I love the way she, she laughs Larry se Larry David. I love the way he laughs Rick it your vase.


All these people have been on your show. Of course, Larry. When Larry David laughs his jaw becomes unhinged in his head. Yes. Yeah. So great. I love it. Yeah, it is true. The bloopers, the bloopers from things, it is really fun to watch. 'cause you know it's coming. And so you'll watch the people as it like it, it's surprises if it sneaks up on them and then they try to hold it together and then they, it's full release. It's always funny. Better phrase than that. I Love it. Hey, how about, and then I, I sometimes, 'cause my algorithm knows I like it. I guess I see bloopers from 1930s and so you see, you know, Barbara Stanwick and Humphrey Bogart, you know, forgetting Betty Davis, forgetting their lines. I've seen That And swearing Isn't that interesting? Doesn't make Them.


Yeah. I don't think I've ever seen anybody curses. No, me neither me. I've never seen that. No. Yeah, it's kind of interesting. I mean, I love behind the scenes of all kinds. One of my little obsessions is to go on now the device and you can see interviews with everybody about the craft and directors and actors and these podcasts. We have to talk about that if we were really at dinner and we could talk for a few hours. You know, I feel like I have so much to talk to you guys about that we need to be pithy on all these issues. But we'll get, but I, you know, I would like to talk about the, the history of talk shows and the new podcast phenomenon of which you guys are now the Kings of the Hill and the form.


Good word. Which allows us to know you I that, and to know all your guests. So thank you for that. And because I know there are people I like, particularly on your show that I now know better than ever. I just saw play, we just came back. Sorry if I'm too, you know, self-starting and chatty. But I'm excited. You love it. Yeah. You, we just came back from a little weekend trip leaving the kids here with So with their helper with good people. And we saw two plays and we went to a, in, in London, a a a gallery and saw, you know, with Helper, a couple of good people. Go ahead. Yeah. Helpers. Yeah, I know. Re good people. No, they're, they're good. And they, they did a very good job.


And, but my point is that Kate Blanche we saw in the Seagull. Oh, How is that? I'm, I'm doing the barbecue right after her. Oh, I want to hear all about that. And I want to talk about theater. I wanna talk about Oscar Levant. But the Barber Can I'd never heard of. I'd never been in It's a very beautiful theater. Yeah, yeah. And it was one of the, I mean, the seagull, I'd seen my parents like, yeah, I Wanna see that. Well, my parents who took us to see art films in the, when I was a teenager in the mid sixties, et cetera. I then remember only this last weekend remembered that I saw a movie made by Sidney Lamette of the Seagull with Vanessa Redgrave and et cetera.


And, and you know, a lot of people that I wanna go and revisit. Anyway. Yeah. We saw this play. Keep Me with You. Oh my gosh. Emma Corrin was Nina in it. She was the, the mother, if you know the play. And at the end we went back to see the actors, all of whom it's a lovely cast. And I hugged, I'm always, it's one of my favorite things about a theater experience going back, even though I loved this three hour show. But I went back, everybody was lovely. I met Emma Corrin, da da da and then Kate herself allowed us to come back. She couldn't have been lovelier. I've crossed paths with her. We've been in a couple of movies. Never had scenes together. But I saw her in another play. Anyway, for the second time I went back, the first time was after she did Blanch Deis in Streetcar.


Named Desired, which I saw it. Bam. But I went, I went back this time and I just burst. I blubber, I burst into deep the deepest tears. I do, I do that too. When I see something great, I I really get moved. Yeah. Or some low man or some lo man. Yes. S really low. I wanna wanna talk about, about you guys, about food to you guys too. I love Low Main I love all manner of food. We have to talk about that. But, and then my other, the point that I was really getting at is that we went tuned into your show. 'cause I'm doing all my research. I, you know, heard about your show, but it's mostly since I've had this assignment in the last couple of weeks that I've been immersed in it. I've seen, I've heard many, many things I've hours and hours and hours at including her thing.


And I, so the point is, I learned more about her and I felt like it was the best interview. And the way you guys do it, it allows us not only to know you, but your guests in a very beautiful way. Well, We can't wait to get to know you today, Jeff. Go, Oh, here comes, here comes Sean's podcast character. Every time I hear like the Siegel, I'm reminded of that line from Withnell and I, and he says, I loathe those Russian plays. They're always filled with women staring outta windows, whining about ducks going to Moscow. Anyway. Is that true? That's funny. It's a brilliant line, isn't it? Yeah, It's brilliant. How do you know that to Verbatim loves Bruce? That movie? I've, I've seen that film thousands of times with them. And I think it's the most perfect film of all time.


Do you know, for years I have heard about that film and I, I saw, I saw the first 15 minutes. I don't, it wasn't because of the movie. I, I, I took a a, an exit ramp and I haven't re gone it. So I've never seen it really yourself. And I know people highly esteem that like you do. I know, it's, I went down the same ramp. I haven't been back yet. I'd like to. So, so you and I will do a double feature. We'll see the, the, the ette piece and, and with Nail and I When are you back in the country? Me and you? Yo. Yo. Yeah, I'd love boy, what a reaction. Me. What? Me and you, I thought you were talking to your confirms. No, I'd Love to go to No, I'm, I'm looking at my schedule now and it's really tight right through Christmas.


Let's go to the movies, let's do many things. You know, you're my favorite. You're my best friends now. You know, We'll be right back.


You know how people say Sleep is the cousin of death, what interesting family dinners they must have had then. Right? Can anyone really say something bad about sleep? No. All anyone wants is rejuvenating deep sleep. And for that, there's Helix Mattress. You'll find what you're looking for with Helix variety of mattresses that are engineered to fit your needs. Whether you struggle with night sweats, back pain, motion transfer, you name it. Helix has a mattress to help you get the kind of sleep that you've always dreamt of. I gotta dust luxe. It's amazing. Go to Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess for 20% off site wide. That's Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess for 20% offsite wide. Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. So guys, I always talk about BetterHelp and I'm gonna talk about it again. You know, because therapy can feel like a big investment, but the state of your mind is just as important as your physical health. I'm a big, big, big believer in that. So, with that in mind, let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from 100 to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it, and now it's within reach. With over 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life, plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/ SmartLess.


Fiori makes performance apparel that is designed to work out in, but doesn't look or feel like it. So you can even wear Vuori while relaxing at home or running errands. Check out the Ponto Performance Jogger part of re's Dream knit collection. The Ponto performance jogger is super soft and lightweight with four-way performance stretch. Perfect for stretching and lounging for me. I love wearing Vuori around the house. I love wearing Vuori, going for walks, working out in, and whenever I work out, I go do errands afterwards. And I feel great in it. I feel confident and it's so comfortable. Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase and free shipping on any US orders or $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. Now, Jeff, I wanna talk about this, this, this thing about, about go. I, I poll anyone who will answer this thing about going backstage when you go see the play. Sure. On Broadway. And apologies to the listener, this is hashtag not relatable. Again, ongoing thing. So there's this thing where, Well, Sean did it the other night, Jason, by the way, Sean did it the other night at Glen. Glen Gar Gun Ross. Yeah. Well, okay, so now I didn't, okay. I went, I saw Glen Gary last week as well. And now I don't know those actors except for the fact that they have been on the show.


Show. Found The show right Now. And you, you Know, Bob, you know Bob OA little Bit. I talked to Bob at a couple of parties, but I don't think that counts in order to what I think is disruptive and potentially annoying to an actor that's just finished a two hour performance. I know you can't tell it's a fine Line. Now they have to like meet and greet and, and like play host to a bunch of people backstage. They don't know except for the fact that they are also famous. And so, But are you planning on being a handful? Is that what it is mean? Well, no, but I mean, what are you gonna come back and you're gonna hear like, oh, you were so great, can't oh, thank you so much. You Can't right. You can't tell if it's work for them and they want that or they don't want that and go and they want to go home. But Sean, As you pointed out, as you pointed out, you are made generally you're made aware.


They'll, the staged manager will come and say, so and so and so and so and so and so is in the house. Yes. And Came to Miller. So a lot of those people, they, they, they, they look, they, they are fans of yours and they respect you and of what you've done for some reason. And then they say he's out there tonight, and then they go and then they're backstage and they're like, because it's become dere regard to do that if you don't do it. The also the opposite is true. They go, this guy big shot Bateman as he's known, he rolls in, puts his eyeballs on us. We we pour it out for hours with our snappy dialogue, mammo dialogue. And we're, he's amazing. Yeah. In our, in our wonderful blocking that we're doing and everything, it's like this orchestra and this guy's, he's in an Uber back to the Greenwich Hotel Now, now, but now really?


Jeff, I, I and, and Sean and I Mean, yeah, I I'm with you Jay. I, I, I'm 50 50. Like I, I, when I did Oscar, I went straight home only because I couldn't do it. It was just too much and shaking hands. I didn't wanna get sick and, you know what I mean? Oh, so you instructed the stage manager? No guests. Yeah, well, guests, like if they were friends that I knew right. They could come backstage, but I didn't wanna go out to the crowd after Jeff, What do you think? I'm glad we're talking about this because things always change and it was an issue the other night. I'm 50 50 with you. I know exactly what both of you are saying. Yeah. I wanna be sensitive. It's very true what you're saying, Jason, but it's also true what you're saying Will, and I always think, oh boy, they know I'm here, you know, I gotta, I should, I should go back, da da da da.


But oftentimes I want to go back, but the other night, and this is a three hour version of the Seagull, and they do eight shows a week, and you, you know, and yes, I can well imagine they don't. And so when I, as i, I, I guess is the way to do it, you know, contact the nearest person with a bag who looked like, you know, an usher or the, the house manager comes up, I said, is it, how can we, will it be okay if, would it be, you know, I don't wanna bother anybody, but, but what if we want to go back, et cetera, et cetera. At first there seemed to be in this case, and it was uncommon, I hadn't encountered it before. They said, here, here's what they did.


They were like, Hmm. Already making hmm. Faces, et cetera, et cetera. So I made it clear right away, I got the picture and I said, okay, I, I get it. Well, whatever works, you know, if, if, if it would be nice for us to go back, we, we are available, but please, I don't wanna bother anybody. Or if that's not cool that I want to help the serve them, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Anyway, by the end, she said yes, sent him back. And she was very nice. I was very aware of the time I went, oh my gosh, I was blubbering, but also excusing myself quickly. I said, here, this is Emily, my wife and all so great and goodbye, goodbye. Go, go home and da da da da da. And that was it. But, so it was a whole, yeah.


So I'm glad we're having this conversation Because it, it is a thing, Ult ultimately, ultimately, I think you, it, it's better to err on the side of going back because it's a nice thing to do and it's a ni and people, what actor doesn't like to get like, Hey, great job. You know what I mean? Well, what about, should I do a follow up then with our, with, because 'cause Kieran and, and Bill and Bob, it, I guess it would be appropriate for me to potentially text them. Should I text Them? I would, that's, I would definitely do what you always do, which is have Amanda write something up and then you Send it. Hey Sean. Sean. But Sean, how was it going back? Were they receptive? Oh my God. It was so fun and easy and they loved it. And they loved people to come back there. And I was hanging out with Karen and Karen poured me a glass of whiskey to share with him.


And I was like, I Don't train anything. So they didn't say something like, so we heard Bateman was here last week, what's his problem? Your name was not brought up by you once. They all love the show so much. Nobody Wants to bring your name up. Good, good. They're all so hurt because see, I like, I think it's presumptuous to, for me to think that they know I'm in the audience And or that they wanna see you. Right. I know. It's, it's tricky. It's tricky. Listen, Listen, listen, we're we're, we're not gonna solve it today, but what I wanna get to, because we mentioned Toronto, you're, you're wiping from Toronto and French and stuff. But what I want to get to, and I've always, I I've never been able to talk to you about it. We, we've only sort of run into each other a handful of times. We don't know each other. Jeff. I'm a massive fan of yours like everybody else. I just think that you are just incredible. I agree. Thank you. Me, you, me, you, You also worked with, you know, a very prominent and prolific and, and, and talented genius Canadian director by the name of David Cronenberg when you made the fly.


Yes, sir. What a film. Oh, I love that film. Can you, now I talk a little bit about, about that process of working with David Cronenberg, if you might. Yes, I might. And I will. And here I go. I I love him. Here's what happened. What happened? It was 1986 ish, I think. Yes. This script came to me. I was immediately struck by it. Did I I There wasn't a re I met him. Oh, was there a reading? I don't think so. We met and da da da da and they offered it to me. And then yeah. And then, and it was great. He, he, he was wonderful.


He was the most proactive. I'd been creatively at that point. I had, I worked on it like I always do conscientiously. But I had, I was very passionate about it. I-I-I-I-I wanted to make it work. I had a big feeling about it. And, and he, as you've probably heard, is a, even though he makes those, you know, wild movies is a very buttoned up kind of sweet Canadian. Is he? Yeah. Civil, polite, delightful, smart intellectual artist who marches to his own drum, of course. And that movie, I'd seen all his other movies. The la the one prior to that was the one with Chris Wakin Dead Zone, which I like that. Oh, love a lot. Yeah, that's great. I used to always do this dead zone.


I wanted to do a remake of Dead Zone. But when the guy, you know, he grabs the arm and he can see the future. Right. He touches people and he can kind of see their future. Yeah. I wanted to do a version remake when he grabs people. But he, all he can see is he can give you traffic updates. So he grabs you and he goes, don't take the 4 0 5. You know what I mean? That's good. I'd like to say that. That's a good one. So, so it was great. So we rehearsed and then, and you know, Chris Whale, who won the Oscar for the special effects makeup had, and David and I, I got together and did these camera, these elaborate camera tests for which they had designs and dah dah. And it was five hours finally in makeup. But he was great. And we went from scene to scene and actually I had a kind, we were, I, I had a vigorous conversation with him about the ending.


There was an ending, which had me painted me retro, retroactively retro in a kind of villainous, even though I try to kill her at the end and meld all, all three of us. And, and then she goes with this guy, John Getz. She kind of goes, gets with him finally. And by that time, I had so kind of, I was such an advocate and a passionate protector of my character. I was possessive and I didn't want her to wind up with him. Yeah, wow. And I said, you know, wait a minute, wait a minute. Couldn't it be that? Et cetera, et cetera. We had some, I had some dumb idiot conversations, who was I to talk to him about that.


But as it turns out, that's it kind of wound up ending kinda like that with her, you know, killing me and Oh, that's cool. We don't want have that aftermath where, you know, the bad guy's gone and, and she's now with this other guy. So I was happy about that. But it was a very, you know, arduous but lovely, passionate experience, et cetera, et cetera. I could tell you much about it. It's a great film film. It really left a, it's a great film. Do you think that was the, the one that kind of really like, I mean, you've done tons of work before then. Was that the movie that put you over the top or in, or Invasion of the Body Snatchers? Or what was the one that kind of like, was Big Chill was before that, right? Oh, Big Chill. Right? Big Chill. Yes. Yes. It was Stepping Stone to one thing led to another.


And luckily, 'cause I was like, my teacher, Sandy Meisner said, it takes 20 years to even call yourself an actor right now. Luckily I had right away miraculously good some parts, but small parts that led to bigger parts. And I felt like I was learning and you know, I guess career wise, even though that hasn't been my focus, you know, from the start, one thing did lead to another. So yeah, there was, well, Nashville, I worked with Altman and I did that movie Nashville, very Little part, Nashville, California split. Yeah. That was nice to be in and California split. But then Invasion of the Body, n there's Philip Kaufman. Fantastic. And that was, I did a movie in 76 before that with Joan Lin Silver that i, i I got some attention for.


And that led to some other things. Actually, Lawrence Keon saw that, and I think that's what led him to be attracted to putting me in The Big Chill, which led to, yeah, now we're up to the fly and, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et We're up to. But wait, truth To you doing the prequel, the maggot? No. Jesus. Thanks. Nice. Jason. Yeah, Jason, good for you, dude. You Gimme a little bit of time. I will work on some Stuff. Yeah, no, but you know, you, you have done, you have played, you have done. So you, you've been very prolific and, and, and, and you've made a lot of films. And So I always want to know, we always sort of ask what, what was the first thing you talked about your parents taking you to, to see film when you were a teenager, which is great.


So I'm sure that, that maybe you tell us inspired you. But what was the first, what was your first professional gig where you went, I'm gonna do this, and then you actually went out and did it and, and and, and worked and did a job. Good question. It was a, a wild, you know, adventure of the heart when I was 10 years old that the seed was sort of planted. I got the bug. I was in this camp, a guy Gaga. I was a part of this drama show, and my dad had already said, if you find something you love to do that might be a vocational lighthouse in Compass. Something clicked in me after this kind of thing. At, in, in, in, when I was 10, I, and I thought to myself and kept a secret to myself, this is what I want to do.


I had it Then. Wait, This was a theater camp? No, You know, it was a Chatham in Pittsburgh where I'm from, music Day camp, it was called, it wasn't sleepover, it was six weeks. And they had, I loved this group of people that was different and more my, my family than yeah. Than the kids I'd gone to school with. And, and I seemed to excel at, at art and piano and, and badminton and softball and arts and crafts. And they had this acting little, little moment in the day. And at the end of the six weeks, they cast me in this Gilbert and Sullivan takeoff thing where I sang and I was the, the lead in that.


And I kind of rehearsed, you know, with my mom and da da da da. And, you know, and I leaped leapt on stage, which was my first entrance. And, and that was it. And I got some laughs and it was fun. It was exhilarating. And it was after that that they said, Hey, how'd you like that? And I went, yeah, I, IIII like that. I I like that. But I Kept, yeah, I drug that drug. Did That inform high school choices and, and college choices and No, well, Here's what happened briefly. The, between ninth and 10th and 10th and 11th grades in Pittsburgh, there was a, a, a six week offering at, at Carnegie Mellon University in art. And I, it's taken by six, you know, had some flare for that.


And then music, da da da da. And my mom was taking me through the brochure and she said, you want to go to this thing? I said, yeah. She said, well, they have this art, the acting thing. I said, Maybe, maybe This the a acting thing. Yeah, maybe I'll do that. Really? Yes. Well, I did that and I was by the end of that, and I did it for two years running. I was deeply in love with that campus. That's so cool. And acting and, you know, just, and that's when I started to write on the shower door. Every, every morning, please God, let me an actor, Gotta be an Actor. Actor, da da. And then I tried out for that school, they turned me down. I had, I gave a couple of bad, you know, I gave a bad audition to get into the school. It's very competitive. Yeah. But one of the teachers there, Mordecai Launer, said, oh, I'll, I'll, I used to teach with Sandy Meisner.


I took with him, then I taught with him. You know, I'll help you on, you know, on audition, if you wanna go to New York and audition for NYU and then just check, check in with Sandy Meisner. I did Sandy Meisner. I lied about my age. We weren't supposed to be 17, but I, I said I was a year older than I was. I got in. And that's what happened. I, I went to the Neighborhood Playhouse in 1970 when I graduated high school. And at 17, just turning 18 that fall started, that course's, I, I love you, you always hear stories about people lying, lying about their age to get in the army. Never to get into theater school. Yeah. No, but no college Jeff, No college that good for you that, you know, being in that college Good for you six week. That, that was, that was it, Jason and I respect that.


Yeah. Well done. Well that's good. But this was a fancy two year program if you really wanted to be an actor. And I think, and they used to Sandy Meisner and other people that imitated him, ca has have a jaundiced eye make kind of comments about the college programs he did at the time, going, that's not where you'll learn to act. We from the group theater know what we're doing. Yeah. And they require you to be a little more cerebral and academic. And this is about, this is a real studio and I'm gonna teach you the real thing. And he, and he was that real thing. And I was imbued with that. That's so cool. Ta talk to me about, is this true, one of your survival jobs was the office to, to do office supplies for prisoners, like to get them office supplies.


What, how in the world did that Had sharp pencils and things like that? Yeah. Like How in, how in the world did you get that job? We had to blunt them. You had to blunt them. Here. Here's what happened. That's a nice red drink. You're drinking there, Jason. I that Oh, Thank you. It's just red's red wine that's spoiled. Really? Really? Oh no, it's electrolytes. I like a nice Oh, I see. It's like a Gatorade. I like a nice mocktail these days. Yeah. You know, doesn't, I know. I've enjoyed a, a couple of those recently. I think they're starting to get that down. All these restaurants have on the menu, you know. Ooh, they're good. I did. They're really good. Yeah. But I, but the answer to your question. Oh yes. So I, I lucked into, like I say, a couple of jobs to Gentlemen of Verona. The first thing I did on stage at the, in the, at the Ella Court, it was a big hit.


Raul Julia was in it, Gault McDermott wrote the music. Wow. I was in the chorus. I just kinda lucked into that. And then it went to Broadway. I stopped the second year with Sandy Meisner did this year on Broadway as one of the chorus members and understudied one of the bigger parts. And then went back and finished that second year work with Wil Bill Esper, who people may know. So I did that and then auditioned for a, a play I gRED to Coca-Cola. Got that. And then Altman saw me in that. And I auditioned for my first movie, which was Death Wish. And I started to work right away, in other words. And I was even supporting myself and all that. Except when I came to California in this, four years later, after doing Nashville and a couple other things and, and kind of moved out here and got an agent, Abby Gresser.


There was a moment when I was paying rent and with the, it was getting, my money was getting low. And I thought, geez. I looked in the trade papers and they said, Hey, are you an outwork actor? You want to make a, you know, little money come and, and do this thing. So I joined this boiler room operation, which I guess is illegal in, at five six in the morning, you go to Hollywood and you go to this place and you call Correction Institute on the East Coast. And you say, hi, I'm Bob, and we have a, a a Sur a government surplus program just went bust. And we have a surplus of magic markers and pens and pencils. Can I send you, do you use the green or the red or the, or the, or the blue. Can I send you a gross of the, you know, and you get them to commit to That is my, my least favorite thing.


And maybe not coincidentally, after a week of that was only my straight job ever. After a week of that, I got this illness. I wound up in the hospital. I'm just too sensitive for that kind of regular, regular work. And after that, I, I went back to supporting myself luckily and ever since with acting. That's amazing. Nice. Well, I, I, Jeff, so you're saying that selling the markers wasn't a highlight of Your career. Oh wow. I didn't get that at first. Wow. That's Very good. Yeah. No, you guys are Sharp as Jacks. Yeah. Sorry. It was a tick. It's a tick. By the way, remember Cats and dogs? We did that movie together, although we weren't on screen together. Do you remember that movie?


I Have. Look, I ha I know I have, I, these are all the things I wanna talk to you about. But I wrote down several, several things, Sean. Well, I were several things, you know, that overlap with us, connections that we have. And I have, I not only Will and Gress, let's hear it. Cats and dogs. And so Really, okay. Yeah. Watch this. So here it is. I have Sean Hayes. Hey, I like that. I like just free associating anyway. And, and, anyway. Now here's our, our connections. Okay. Oh my God. Well, will and Grace Cats and Dogs. Hey, well of course you portrayed Jerry Lewis. And I was supposed to play his son in that last movie he did.


Max Rose. Oh wow. Which Kevin Pollock finally did. 'cause I had a scheduling thing, but Jerry and I hung out in order to bond at his office in Las Vegas for a day. No. What? And that was fascinating because I had grown up with his, I I I kind of adored him early on. Yeah, Yeah. Same. Wait, Sean, when did you play Jerry Lewis? 2000 And, and in what, 99? What? Can I see this In a movie? I don't know where it is. It's, it was j Jeremy, Jeremy NorAm. NorAm. Okay. Jeremy. Nor he played Dean, Dean Martin. So it was about the, the, the duo. And they're getting together and they're breaking up.


I'm so fascinated. I've read a lot about that. What film that what film is called this? Sean's you trying to bury it. It's called Dean and Jerry. I don't know. It Was Long. Dean and Jerry. And where and where is it Stream? You used it on Tuby because Jason doesn't get Tuby. He's not sure. Well, Hang on. I don't know. Do I get, do I have Tuby? Oh my God. What's that? Martin. Oh, Martin Lewis. It's called Martin Lewis. Lewis. Was this a TV film? CCBs? Yeah, it was cv, yeah. Oh, it was a CBS TV film. Well, that's why you're being cagey about it. Okay. So listen, I love that. So on and No, I didn't remember that until he just told me that. Scott just Told me. I want to talk about though, that comedy Doo I wanna talk about Jerry, I wanna talk about Dean, but I How about, but talking about you guys, how about the trios? How about, which brings me to the Three Stooges of course.


And well, there's the March Brothers. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And How about applause? Bravo. I loved it. I loved it. Commitment. Tovo. I love I every moment of that, I was a Transport and oh my God. Now wait. The Three Stooges I loved when I was a kid, I saw all of those, their things on television. But listen to this, I saw them live. Oh Wow. They came to a place called the Holiday House in 1968. It must have been, you know, do two or five or something. And I saw Mo and Larry and Carly Joe at that time.


Yes, sure. And they came into the audience, I remember. And my sister two years younger than me, was like five or six or seven. Mo who had big bags at that point. Did something to her kind of aggressive. She burst into tears and he kind of retreated. And, you know, he Later got his eyes done and didn't have that problem anymore. Wow. Different mo. Different mo different mo. Hey. Promises. Promises. Oh my god. Jerry Arbaugh was the Original. I love it. And by The way, Jay, I Went, I went three times And, and you came backstage and I appreciated that. So thank you. Oh, now we're full circle. Now we're full circle. He All, let's move on to Jason and Will or I have a bunch of questions for you.


Well, Oscar Lt listen to this though. My grandmother, Anna Katz claims she dated Oscar Lt, who's also in Pittsburgh on one occasion. I don't know if that meant he flirted with her. If they had some encounter. I dunno what that means. But anyway. Wow. Sean, you Did not discover that during your extensive research. I shouldn't, but I'll use it. Okay. Will Arnett arrested? God? Well, I love, I saw every episode of Arrested Development, but I, and by the way, you, Sean did. And on a Fox network. That's amazing. Sean's character goes, what channel was it on? Yeah, exactly. Wouldn't find Anything.


So, but I saw it. But I loved all your, every character in it. Of course, E Liza Minnelli, I, I knew a little bit Oh sure. Char Theone fantastic. But you, the magician, the magic in that. And I know you've talked about magic before. I did magic in that, in that movie in Nashville. And I had in Wicked, I do a little magic. So Yes, yes. We we could talk about that. You Are magic. You are, you are magic. You, you, I bet you, you strike me Jeff, as the kind of guy who knows like a few card tricks and a few slight of hand things. Do you? Yeah, I know. I, well, Robert Alman told me to learn something. I had this guy in New York taught me a bag full of tricks. I brought it to Nashville and we used a bunch of 'em. The only thing that I've kept up my sleeve are these rope tricks. Oh boy.


Yes. Which I've pulled out too many times. And I know that. And then I know one car trick. That's all I know. But the, the rope tricks I can do the rope Trick, the rope trick. That's always tough. You gotta make sure you're in a big group for that. So, Jeff, I wanna, I I wanna, I'm pitching that as a halftime show at the Super Bowl. I think those real closeup magic would go over well. Sure. We'll be right back.


One of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. It's like trying to sell a data farm to a dairy farmer. That's where LinkedIn ads come in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion businessy people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn will even give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions supply only on LinkedIn ads.


Guys, we all need to drink water every day. I mean, we have to drink water to stay alive, right? Why so? Why should it be boring? Like, I like sparkling water because it didn't have all the sugar and the added, you know, chemicals and everything like that, that soda has. So sparkling water I gets gives you the bite that you're looking for. But with Waterloo Sparkling water, you get a little flavor in it, like a fruit flavor. And it's so delicious. With authentic flavors and lively carbonation, Waterloo sparkling water brings full flavor artistry. What's flavor artistry you ask? It's all about custom crafting. Multis, sensorial flavor experiences of aroma, taste, and mouth feel that make you say, wow, Waterloo waters are crafted, not formulated, or off the shelf. Just purified sparkling water and non GML project verified natural flavors with zero calories, sugar, or sweeteners. I love it because guess what, I've been open about this. I've gotten kidney stones, So I have to stay hydrated all the time. I constantly drink water all day long and it does get boring until Waterloo. The flavors are so delicious. The black cherry is delicious. I had it. It's so yummy. And it feels so good going down. Give Waterloo sparkling water a try. Look for Waterloo Sparkling Water next time you shop. Learn more about the flavors from Waterloo Sparkling water@drinkwaterloo.com.


Hey guys, are you working on a long awaited home project like I am? Me and Scotty we're redoing our kitchen floors because they're so faded and disgusting and gross and embarrassing to have anybody come over. 'cause we haven't touched our floors in literally like 15, 20 years. So we're like, you know what? We should just do it. It's home project season. And Wayfair is the best kept secret for all things renovation. Whether you're making a little update like new kitchen cabinet hardware or doing a full renovation like we are. Wayfair has stylish and quality home improvement products for every budget. They've also got free and easy delivery even on the big stuff. And the best part is they'll even help you set it up. So we decided to celebrate and get new dinnerware sets by Lennox. You know, 'cause I want a knife and fork to cut through my grilled cheese, but we can't wait till it comes. We're so excited. Shop the best selection of home improvement online. Get renovating with Wayfair. Head to wayfair.com right now. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


And now back to the show, I Want to talk about the famous Jeff Goldblum delivery, which is like you're known for. It's brilliant. It's made you work. Don't Break it down. Don't break it down. Don't break it down. What mean Magic. Don't talk about a magic trick. Exactly what I'm, I I want, I thought this was interesting. I read that invasion of the body snatchers kind of when you kind of discovered this thing and it was the line. I never thought they would come in metal ships. Is that right? Yes. Yes. I mean, and now I I would say it, I would've never thought they'd come in metal ships. But you would say it If I I I never thought they'd come in in metal ships. I, I dunno, I'm not making that up. I I have no idea. That's Really good by the way. That's Really, that's Good.


I'm doing a caricature of my own, you know, I'm butchering. I dunno, I dunno. I love that. But it was at that moment that Phil Kaufman said, oh yeah, that's good. I like the way you did that. And I kind of thought to myself, Hmm, check, check note to self. I think that's something, that's something I can build upon. It's so cool. Something like that. Anyway, so there we go. Horton, here's a who. Oh yes. Love it. Yes. Legos hor are my kids. And Legos now. Chase Ozark. Wait a minute, wait a minute. You know, I did this, I did this series recently, chaos. I played Zeus and you know, who played my wife Janet McTeer. Oh boy. She's a beast. She's wonderful. She's incredible.


She's incredible. And you know, who I know a little bit have not seen her since when she was like, oh, what, 12, 13, 14, something like that, I think. Or 15. This girl came backstage. I think this is how it happened to see me in the Pillow, man. I did this thing at the Booth Theater with people, you know, it was, I enjoyed doing that. So she came back, I think then said, oh, I like what you do. You know, I wanna be an actress. Maybe could we talk sometime? And you'll tell, you know, like, I have a script. We could, you know, read something or, or, and you'll tell me. So I said, sure. She seemed like an interesting and, and smart girl that was Julie Garner. Oh Wow. Wow, Wow. Really?


And I have not seen her since. I haven't seen her to congratulate her on everything that's gone on. She's interesting, isn't she? She's Very good. Oh yeah. What a sweet, sweet person. And just a monster talent. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Well, you know, and then of course, Hey Will sp Hey, we did The Switch, you and I, Dr. We Played, we played Best Friends. Yeah. Best, Best Friends In, in The Switch with, with Miss Jennifer Aniston, directed by the great with Miss Jennifer Aniston. Yeah. Will spec Josh And Will Spec and Josh Gordon, who, who directed me in some of these apartments.com commercials. I adore em. Is that right? Yes. No kidding. By the way, I love those commercials. Will Spec and Josh Gordon, who directed Blades of Glory that that will Yeah. Years ago. And these degrees of separation.


That's right. Jeff, who were your, you know, you hear these stories about actors like these, like, you know, the, the Great Gene Hackman just passed away and, and you hear like he was roommates with Robert Duvall and, and Dustin Hoffman. And then you hear these different people who came up who were sort of your gang. Did you have like a gang of actor friends that we didn't know about? Or like people that who worked a lot and you guys were all coming up at the same time? Or was it a more solitary existence for you? Meaning, did you have no friends? You know, I fit into the more solitary Category, Really. Yeah. Are you an introvert or an extrovert?


Do do, do you mind your business and, and stay in a, in a, in a dark room by yourself? Like me? Well, I like time. I have my homework. I'm kind, I'm a good boy and I'm conscientious and I play the piano for an hour every morning, and I work out and I, I like to work on my things. I'd rather not, I don't go to, I don't stay up late in order to hang out or all of that stuff. So, you know, there, there's that. But I'm, You could be friends with us by it Sounds like. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. You're hard workers, obviously. But I adore people and I, you know, I'm, you know, like I said, you know, I can imagine being pals with you. And I have a, I have a good friend Gary, and Ed Begley Jr.


Is a good friend. I love, I Love him from rest of the, we love Ed Bagley so much. Now, are you, are you a concert pianist? Like our friend Sean Hayes? He's a Jazz, incredibly accomplished Jazz pianist. I Dunno if I'm a humble student, but I, I do like the Jazz. I, I, you know, I started off getting the chops playing Cher and, you know, John Thompson, oh. Charity and this and that. And then discovered the fake books and are now called the Real Books and, and Jazzed. And I fell in love with that, and that's what happened. And then 30 years ago, now, I put it in some movies, the fly character plays the piano, and in arts Girls play Piano. That's right. And in plays, I put it in a couple of plays. And then 30 years ago, Peter Weller said, Hey, you, you know, we did this movie by Banza.


He said, let's get together and play a little bit. And, and, and, and a couple of people told Miles Davis, who he knows, and said, oh, Jeff, you and Jeff should go out and play, play a gig, and you'll get better and enjoy it. And we, that's what we started to do. So 30 years ago, I've had this group, Peter Weller kind of went off and did wonderful things, but I've kept this group, Peter Weller, who also worked with David Cronenberg on Naked Lunch, and who is also first cousin of Fred Weller. My, my good friend theater Actor, love Fred Weller. I saw him in a play. I saw him on stage. But how about speaking of the movie game? So the Naked Lunch takes us to Judy Davis. I've never met her, but I Davis. She's great. Yeah. I'm a big of her. Which takes us to husbands and wives, which takes us to Sydney Pollock or many other people.


So you Had a role in Annie Hall as well, so that takes us where we're going. Where, I mean Sure. Did A little, so wait, Jeff, the, the has Jazz music, like playing Jazz music. Have you ever had to make a decision about doing acting work over Ja you know, your music be, or you, do you always kind of make sure everything's separate? I se separate. They were, they went on parallel tracks. Like I said, I, at 10, I, I had my heart set on being an actor in my life as a career. Like, have you ever turned down like a big movie because you're like, I can I have a gig? Nope. Nope. No, I have not. And as a matter of fact, I have gigs coming up. We have, we have our fourth album on Deck and Verve coming out April 25th and around that.


And, and so in support of that, we're going to these places to play. We're gonna play the Palladium and in London, we're gonna be in Toronto at Massey Hall, et cetera. Set. You have some dates. Give us some dates on those. Do you have dates on those? Jeff List? Here we Go's plug in here. Here we go. April 25th, this May, by the time people hear us may be two late, but we, wills been at the, the Palladium and my two boys who play the piano, that's great. And I work with them where they have a great teacher, but I work with them, are gonna come on stage with, it's a surprise. Nobody knows yet. They're gonna come on stage with me and play something. I hope that's not abusive. We have a good experience. Yes. And that's, I think it's great what it's for. Anyway, we'll be there then. Luxembourg, we go. And then on the 26th, April, then May 25th, Atlanta Symphony Hall.


May 27th to the 31st will be at the Carlisle, the Cafe Carlisle in New York City. I love that you've been that Carlisle. I played there before. I saw you play at the Troubadour, I think a long, long time ago. And you, you're Mixing me up with, with Bob Dylan, something, I don't Know. No, no, never. I've never played Dream. And it was somewhere else in LA It was like a, I just, anyway, it was, it was incredible. I've incredible. Been all over the LA Yes. And I did a play at the Whiskey, A Gogo down the block. Wow. From Theor, really? Believe it or not, El Grind Coca-Cola. Yes. It was a cabaret theater for any, For theater stories from the whiskey, Gogo, anything happened there. That was Sean. Sorry to cut into your mother Lawn. I always, Jeff, I always ask people if you have any crazy, like mishap theater.


All right. I know you do. Well, I did the Moony Shapiro songbook, which there were five of us. Judy Garland, Gary Beach was in it. Barry Beach, you know, from Yeah, Gary Beach, of course. He was there. Just five of us singing and dancing. We were at the Morocco Theater and we were rehearsed for four weeks. We previewed for two weeks. Opening night seemed to go well. The reviews came out. They weren't so great for the play. I got nice reviews and then Stuart Ostro called me up and said, so we're not gonna be doing it anymore. What? What do you mean? Well, Tuesday, well, Tuesday, this coming Tuesday I we're off tomorrow, Monday.


No, no, no, we're, that's all. We didn't sell enough advanced tickets. And the reviews didn't. Oh geez. That, that, it closed opening night. So that's the kind of, Oh, wow. I don't know how funny that story story is. So, wait, so Jurassic Park, I just wanna talk for two seconds because I was so jealous when you came. You, you, I was starting a talk show and you had your own lyrics to the melody, and I had my own lyrics that I was singing for years and years. And it was, I'll do, Oh, should put a wallet in his mouth. Sorry. And can, do you remember yours? Mine went like this. Kill the dinosaurs, kill the dinosaurs, kill them all before they eat you. And that was all I had.


And then you came on and I was, because it's, and You had years to work on that, you're saying It begs for lyrics, doesn't it? Fuck. Yeah. I dunno if it begs for it, but here's mine. Here's all I know in Jurassic Park. Scary. In the dark. I'm so scared that I'll be eating Much better. That's good. This is the lyric Now, Jeff. Jeff, with all of the films that you've done, all the projects that you've done, you, you've, you've done, you've done it all. Does, how do, does the way that you choose what job to do, has it changed over the years since you've checked so many boxes?


Like what, what, what gets you to work? What, what gets you to say yes nowadays? A good question. Well, it's always fluid, as you know. And that's always clarifying itself as the days and the weeks go on. But now, as I have this family, which is I adore and these two little boys, you know, it's not just for any reason that I'm gonna go off to, you know, yeah. The ends of the earth for, for a year and or do a, you know, do do all sorts of things. So, so, so it has to be special. And my own criteria, you know, when I was, when Sandy, I took to heart what Sandy Meisner said, and, and it takes 20 years of constant work and then a lifetime of continual work.


If you get opportunities to keep growing, and that's a good worthwhile way to spend your life. Yeah. I took that to heart. But I I I, I went through a, a couple of decades where I worked a lot and wanted to work and wanted to work more and exercise myself and find, and test myself and find out what I, I had in me and, and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Now yes, I have as big an appetite as ever for creative, the creative experience, so-called. Yeah. But, but I don't have to do, I don't have to work every day. I don't, I don't feel I, I, you know, ashamed if I'm not working every day, that's okay.


And So I wanna do special things, special, special things, whatever that means. But talk about that where, what I thought you were, you were about to say about you went through a period where it was all about testing yourself. Yeah. So that was kind of what drove your decisions. And now are you feeling like, I don't wanna put words in your mouth, but it's not like you don't have things to prove to yourself anymore, but is it less of a, of an urgency? Like Yeah. Yes. It's less urgent, although, and it's another way more urgent because as we know, time is running out and, and I still feel, I feel like I'm doing my best work. I feel at the top of my form, I'm injury free.


And I feel like I'm enjoying it more than ever. I'm freer than ever and can do my best work. So I feel like grand things could be ahead and You've satisfied whatever sort of, personal doubt might be the wrong word, that you, whatever you were working through there and, and, and sort of having fun exploring now you've sort of found this place of not satisfaction, but just sort of like, I, I feel Content. Thank you. Yeah. And, and now work that's hard to find takes on a different role, perhaps. I I'm asking all this because I, I feel like I'm playing with it myself. Well, you're intuitive. You're a good therapist, you're a good friend. Well, We talk about it all the time, don't we?


Like the balance and what is the things that, what are the things that truly make us happy? Right? And, and, and the way that we measure our happiness, our joy. It, it evolves over time. Especially when you add sort of kids and family and, and experience and age and all those things. And work represents a different thing in different decades. Yeah. Yeah. All of that. We could talk about all of that at length, but yeah, that, that, I I I'm in the same ballpark. That's, that's right. And movies. Well, we could talk about it over on SmartLess after Hours, our new podcast that we're launching. That's a follow. Well, I like this long form. This long form is great to me. I mean, I like the six, seven minutes you spend on these talk shows and, you know, that's another kind of thing, which would be fun to talk about.


But I, I like these. I like listening to Them. It more of a conversation. Yeah. I love it too. Yeah, I do too. And then we're, we're gonna end on, by the way, thanks for being in Italy and talking to us for an hour. I mean, this is incredible. I mean, I can, what time is it there? This, It is, you know, so, oh, a quarter of eight. Oh, that's not, The kids are already, I know. I said hello, but they're now in bed, So it's, so it's two. No, No, no, no, it's, no. Oh, Sorry, it's two. But I, sorry. I was thinking two is a quarter of eight. Alright. Oh, oh yeah. Quarter, quarter Of eight. We is sharp. Yeah. Look at that. Wow. Sorry. Anyway, hey, you know who sings on our new album Is, is Scarlett Johansen Great.


And Ariana Gr and Ariana Grande and Cynthia Vo, they have Wow. Wow. That's cool songs. And they half her instrumentals and half her songs, singers, and they, they sing. How about that? That's incredible. Now Wicked, wicked was probably as successful as everyone thought it might be. Thank God. And deservedly so there is a second one coming that you've already shot or that you're art that you're going to shoot? No, no. We've already shot it. We shot them all, all at once. But they're Wow. Editing it and scoring it and special effects in it. And A, a fun process. I'll bet. Despite all the special effects and the wardrobes and, and all those things. Oh, wardrobe yes. Was, was fantastic. You know, he won an Oscar for that. Yeah.


That was great. But John m Chu is, is is a delightful director and a very, very masterful director. And those that cast, and Jonathan Bailey, whom I saw here in Richard ii the night before the Siegel show, by the way, he, he was terrific. And, and those, and Arianna and Cynthia Dent. It was a magical and great, great experience. I loved that show when I first saw it with Adina Menzi and Christian Chen with, and yeah. Cried my eyes out that, and, and So I loved, loved playing that Joel Gray played the part originally on stage, you know? Oh yeah. Yeah. It's great. Yeah. Yeah. I, Well just great, great. Congratulations on that piece. Yeah. Big Congrats. Success. That's that huge. That's amazing. You're A titan. Thank you so much. You're a tight chef, Jeff. It's always so fun to see you in anything.


So when you pop on the screen, you're like, ah, I'm gonna be taking care of our Audience. Truly. You elevate, you raise, you raise all boats, my friend. You raise all boats. Yeah. Thank You. Well, you are so fun. This is a great honor. I hope we see each other often and immediately and get back to This country. But I know now comes the part of the show. I'll say my farewells and now, now no has any, nobody's sung this song. 'cause you always say nice things afterwards and you have a little recap and a, a debriefing. Yeah. But you know that song. Please don't talk about me when I'm gone. Yeah. You know that song. Please don't talk about me when I'm gone. Yes. That's good. Of course. That's a good thing. And then of course, do you know that song from Oliver? Do you know any songs from Oliver, Sean? Yeah. Well, who will this Glory?


No, I know, I know. As long as he needs me. Yeah. But who Will Hide this? Wonderful. Who will hide this? Wonderful. I don't know. I don't know. What is it? Who will buy? Oh Wait, What are the words? Who will buy what? Who Will buy this? Glory? Something. Something. Something. Who will buy this truck? Okay, Thank you. I guest has never, a guest has never given us a buy Us a bike. Okay, well now you've given It's so good. Love. It's given us an out. And of course I sung on the one of those albums I sang, little Man, you're Crying. I Know Why You're Blue. Which is a, a version of a what you sing to your kids when they go to bed. A There's another one.


Save it, save it, save it, Save it, save it, save it. He's waving. Goodbye. Ah. Oh, Jeff, All Jeff Much. Thank you. We love you. So I love you so, so much. Goodbye. I'll see you soon. Bravo, bravo, Bravo, Bravo. Yeah. That was amazing. Yeah, He's great. Jeff Goldblum. I mean, we didn't even get to Wes and he's worked with all the greatest directors we Sanders. Oh, he's, He's something like 80 films or something. It's like, it's since And like almost no bad ones. No, almost no bad ones. And always happy. Always happy. Always happy. And again, another one of those never a bad performance. Yeah. You never catch him acting. He's just always doing No, you never catch him. He's got his own rhythm. And, and you know what, I think you were, you were right.


Not to sort of dissect his thing and not, not that I would know how, but if I were to guess, well, No, I only did it because I read that he likes to talk about it. Well, but he, it's like he's, you can see the next thought coming into his head. And so he races through the old thought. Right. To get to the new, like there's, he's always like, that's a, I don't know. I try to do, I try to think about what I'm gonna say before I say it, which is how the brain works. Yeah. You know, but in acting you have to, you have the line in front of you, you know what's coming and you, that's, that's the missing point. You have to sort of like, get the Thought first sometimes, but sometimes don't you feel like I didn't want 'em to share it. Like you want, you don't want know too much how the sausage is made.


And Sean, correct me if I'm wrong, you just wanna enjoy the sausage Sausage That is correct. Right? Yeah. Just the sausage, correct. The casing. Yeah. That is right. That is Correct. Just the sausage. You keep the casing on it or cut the casing. It doesn't matter. You could be cut or untied, Massage the casing and make sure it's all Evenly. Oh boy. Boy, that Took a real turn, man. I Tell you, That's took a real turn. What about the, what's that song from Oliver? You said, what was it? Who will No Bye. Oh, no, No. I think what the, the, the better image is just sort of like a nice peaceful house there in the, in the, in the, in the, in the Italian Italy countryside.


Yeah. And put family's going to bed. Yeah. The kids, the kids go, you go to sleep, you go to sleep and then you might sing them something. Right. Sean, how would that song go? You Know? Oh my god. Like that. You got somewhere you gotta go. Yeah. That's lazy. You Smart. Smart SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart


Less. Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The list has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today,


Lavender is back at Starbucks. Put some spring in your cup with the iced lavender matcha. And now here you go. Your iced lavender lattes are ready at Starbucks.


Nobody needs help spending money, but you might need help growing your money. That's why there's Acorns, a financial wellness app that makes it easy to start saving and investing for your future. Acorns will recommend a diversified portfolio that matches your goals and you can get started with as little as your spare change. Sign up now and Acorns will boost your new account with a $20 bonus investment offer available@acorns.com slash SmartLess. Paid non-client endorsement compensation provides incentive to positively promote Acorns Tier four compensation provided. Investing involves risk. Acorns advisors, LC and SEC, registered investment Advisor. View important disclosures@acorns.com slash SmartLess.