
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is that applying is quick and easy. Apply in the Wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs, bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars, Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars, okay, Not flying cars, but as soon as those get invented, they'll be on Autotrader Snap. But they do have extensive search features. And Kelley Blue Book, my Wallet, a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So whether you want something practical with no surprise costs or the latest trends. If you see a car you like, find it on Autotrader.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase Plus shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's, we help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Hey guys, do you mind if I count down my cold open to you? Ready? Three. Okay. Two, one. Hey guys. You Said the one be silent so that we don't hear it all Record. Yeah. Yeah. So, so hang on, hang on. Hang. Wait, wait. Let's be, let's be, so you're just gonna go 3, 2, 1. Welcome to SmartLess or whatever. But you're gonna say the one or the one silent? No, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna, this. The one's gonna silent. Could You start at five just to gimme? Ready? Yeah. Ready. New SmartLess episode in 5, 4, 3, live two. Hey Guys, what's going on? No. Welcome to SmartLess is what you say. Welcome to SmartLess. Welcome to SmartLess. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart. Less smart.


Less smart. Less. Jay, why? Why the layers? It's just freezing. Yeah. Is it here? Yes, it Is really cold. But don't you have heat? You can put the heat on a little bit. Yeah. Did you end up going for the heat package at your house? I live with someone who doesn't enjoy the heat package. I'm not sure. So how is it nice and warm over there at your place, Shawnee? Yeah, we put the heat on in the morning. You don't sleep with it on God? No.


Couldn't sleep with it on. You gotta put the fan on. I sleep with a fan. You just pick a different fan every night. You like, you just go and find somebody to Looking For a big fan to sleep And will. It's pretty cold in New York, is it not? It's been real chilly, but I love it. You're in a t-shirt though, so you like, you're using the heat over there as well? Well, yeah. The heat's on, it's, it's quite, yeah, it's quite hot, but freezing. But I also don't, you know, I just came from the gym, so I'm running a little hot right now. Oh, Sure, sure, sure, sure, sure. Oh, so you're still in your juices right now? Well, I mean, I showered and stuff, but you know, you've got that thing Like your, oh, you, Your core? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Your Pa Well, you get the, you ever get the shower sweats where you take a shower and then you, you're hotter after you get outta the shower.


But I do, I do. I've been doing ice cold showers for a couple minutes after. I can't do It. Can't do it. It's not fun. So wait, wait, wait. So you, you, you've, will you walk into a really cold shower? Yeah. Or do you get it cold while you're in it? I'm, I mix it up. I do both. Today I did just cold and So I worked out and I did cold, and then I walked home. And it's nice when you come out of the gym and you've, and it's been cold and it Cold out outside. Hold it, hold it. You showered at the gym? I did, yeah. Did you wear shower shoes? You know, I was thinking about this today. Shower shoes. I, I, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna answer your question, but I've been thinking about it a little bit because I brought this up earlier, like when we were, when we were on vacation over New Year's and you washed your hands.


And I was like, did everybody remember? I said, did everybody else die? Did everybody else get a really deep sickness? No. No. And then I thought about your obsession the other day. You were talking about your colon and stuff and Yeah. And slip and slippers in hotel rooms. Listen, He goes going, yeah, Yeah, yeah. My bamboo shoot. Clean colon. Yeah. And you know, it, it occurs to me that everything you're doing is kind of in vain. Yeah. It doesn't matter. There's no difference. Your experience Is completely agree different. Completely. It's total crazy town. Yeah. It's crazy town. So in your, your obsession with people walking in showers, hotel rooms with no, yeah. Shoes on, all that kind of stuff.


I mean, the Truth, it's completely unnecessary. Yeah. But I do, but all I know is that I am that, that I am that percentage more clean than the dirty girdie that are walking around and grabbing a bunch of, What's it? But my guess, I guess what I'm saying is what is it getting you? It's just it. No, no. It's just a, it's sort of a psychosomatic thing. It's just like, I feel like I enjoy eating the bread out of the bread basket knowing that my, my, my utensil, which is my fingers. Right? It's, here's the equivalent. The equivalent is if you had a fork that you were about to eat your yummy little fucking carbo with cheese and sauce and shit all over it. Pasta dish.


If you drop that fork on the restaurant floor, rubbed it around on the floor, then picked it up, then scooped your pasta, you'd be like, oh, this feels a little gross going Into my mouth. Yeah, I understand it. Although that's so, that's all it is. I get it. I get it. You know what? And it's rubbed off on me because I was just in Chicago this last weekend, and I went to, and in the hotel I stayed at Wax much Chicago, and I brought stop Screaming. Oh Jesus, we get it. You're from Cline, Illinois. And I brought, I brought slippers Jason, because, and I used them in the hotel room because I did, I took, I took my shoes off and I was like, I'm walking in other people's. And then when you climbed into that clean bed and you pushed your feet to the bottom of that tight little cloth envelope at the bottom, you don't have a bunch of dust and grit and grime falling off and Envelope.


You have the grossest terminologies. How's your Cloth cloth envelope When you, I, here's what I, here's what I suspect. Here's what I Tuck your nards into the cloth envelope. Jesus. Here's, here's, here's what I suspect When it's all said and done, when you are on your deathbed and somebody In my clean coffin on you With slippers on your feet, you Bet. What a fucking, the, the amount of time and energy you've spent thinking and acting on this is, is so much is valuable time on earth that you've wasted. Lemme tell you something. In my open casket, if you put your dirty fucking hands on my face when you, when you cry and say goodbye to me for one last time, if those hands aren't clean, Oh, I'm gonna go and walk, walk in a hotel room with bare feet, and then I'm gonna get in your coffin with, Put your clammy foot on my cheek with my on dead cheek, My hotel feet, and make your kids watch me do it.


Here's the other thing. I fucking Sean, Sean, years ago we were doing a Hotel Fee. My hotel fee, years ago we were doing arrested Development. I had to do this whole thing where maybe I mentioned this before. I had to put a pill in Jason's mouth, and he was so all over me about cleaning my hands before In between every take. But I swear they had a bottle of spray sanitizer in my pocket, I hate. And then They'd be rolling and, and they'd be rolling. And I'm like, I didn't wash my hands. And then we'd start and he's like, fucking freaking out. Fortunately, my character had to be not into it too. So I just, I kind of get it though. I kind of get it. Yeah, I know. Oh, oh. Talk to the audience a little bit about what's going on, Sean.


I just put my nose, all this talk made my nose run. That's another thing. You drink milk and you blow your nose. I, I, I don't think I've blow my nose since I was 12. Well, what Do you do? Wait A second. Wait, wait A second. What do you mean? That's such a bonker, Steve? Just nork it in the shower and get on with it. Ew. All day. Blow your nose in the middle of the day. Who's got Running? Who's got a runny nose all day? Granddad. Wait a second. Wait a second. You have a cloth. Kleenex In Your jacket. I'm gonna save all these and put 'em in your coffin. Can I just say, and I just wanna say this and I'm gonna put it in terms that Sean can understand. Hashtag relatable. Jason, you fucking, so you don't blow your nose, you don't walk with your feet. Do you understand how, How much?


And I'm wearing a cashmere robe right now and you're wearing A cashmere robe. Nobody Can relate to you. And my ARDS are in a hot cloth pocket. Nobody Can relate to you at all. Jason, what's your monthly cable bill? Ooh. Two 50 Probably. Probably, you don't know. Kills me. It kills me every time, sir. You dunno. I want to cut the cord. I hope we have a guest that can talk me through cutting the cord. No, I tell you what we do a Tech specialist. We don't have a tech specialist. Although I don't know if I, that I don't know. Well, We're gonna find out. I know some stuff about him and I know some stuff about him that a lot of other people know about him because people know this guy because he is a multi multi Grammy nominated former.


Open your eyes. God. Don't close your eyes. And you say that Multi. I have to. 'cause I'm leaning into it. This guy has been at the top. He is been a number one on like, virtually every billboard chart, whether it's the all genre chart, break breakout, you know, Jason Ullo, Bestie Country song, no best country song performance. His, he has addressed issues like Kenny Chesney health issues through his music. He's also Morgan. He's also testified before in Congress, Ugh. To ad advocate for stricter rules on, on, on fentanyl and drugs. He's been such an unbelievable voice of reason and crazy times. Oh, John. And he's just an unbelievable talent. And we met him because we introduced him at a concert out on Long Island in our show.


You guys just nobody other than Jelly Roll. Jelly Roll. Got it. I got a point. Set Jelly Roll. I tell you what I realize where I fall in the hierarchy of country music with Jay against everybody but me. You're talking to a real Cheney. I'm a dumb, I just saw an article. Kenny Cheney's doing something at the Sphere or something like that. Yeah. Listen, that just saw that article. Top of Mind. I don't, I don't wanna jump back on a train y'all already got off of, but I would like to share an experience with shower shoes for a second. Please, Please go ahead. Please. Didn't even know they existed That way a great time to, yeah, well listen, the fun part is, I'm gonna tell you where, where they exist for a different rule. Well, you are incarcerated. Yep. Yeah. Okay. Which I've had the unfortunate experience of.


Well, you're gonna get into that. Yeah. You have to wear shoes in the shower in case somebody tries to do something to you while you're in the shower. Wait, so you can run? No, hang on. No, no. You could fight. So you could, so you could, so you don't slip, you don't wanna slip bare footage, so you won't put your Oh, right. So you wanna put your shoes so you rubber you wanna supply a nice firm base to whatever's going on in the shower. Yeah, Absolutely. Like you don't leave your cell if you're incarcerated in a real, like a violent facility unless you have shoes on. Like do you, they give you flip flops, but like, you know, you walk to the shower in your shoes and then you normally have a friend stand outside of the shower to make sure you're double safe. But really The only thing Jason's fighting in the shower is the urge to put a finger in himself to put him over the top, Sanitize it 30 times later and not eat for the rest of the day.


By the way, you just described the reason why I don't wear shower shoes. Alright. Jelly Roll. Welcome to Smart list. It started the way I hoped it would. Now Are you are, are you currently in a hotel room? I am. I'm currently D Los Angeles. It's, no, no. I just, I'm, I am Barefoot. Are you barefoot? You're right now. Goodbye Jelly Roll. No, Thank You. I'm sorry it never happens, but I didn't have All right. It's a long story. I didn't have my, I left my slides on set. Jelly Roll. Before we get, now you've just established you're in your barefoot in the hotel room and then you, you alluded to before, we want to get into about being incarcerated and just, just a rough estimate because obviously you can't know, how long do you think Ja Bateman would last in prison?


And, and you minutes is fine if you just want to keep it to minutes. So How long? This is where we gotta be honest, right? Okay. I'm an honest guy. Yeah, of course. And Jason Bateman gonna hurt that we know right now. Yeah. Would survive because he would be extorted so that he would pay for protection. Right. And he would be totally fine. Okay. Now I had pre now pre Jason Bateman being Jason Bateman. Yeah. Right. Maybe a day or two. It's years Now. Now do you, do you find that, that that weak, soft folks like me go in and immediately strike a bargain to be a friend with air quotes to somebody real tough and so then you're protected? That is traditionally how that works out, Sir, I'm willing to trade my virginity for, for, so that I don't get my, you know, Kick in.


They prefer money. They'd Rather have money as a lawyer. Everybody's trying to appeal a case, But, but you're not walking in there with money. So how do you, how, how can you pay for security in a prison if you're not walking in there with a wallet? Yeah, it's crazy. Well, back in the days when cash was a real thing, you just smuggled in cash. Like they did drugs. But now, as you could imagine, it's like everybody's got cell phones in there. So they're like, Hey, call your people and tell 'em Cash app, my people. Hang on, you can have a cell phone in prison. How you use cell phone in jail. You can't have one. But they do. Huh? That's the catch. Now they do have tablets. I haven't been locked up in a long time, so I've missed some of this. But they have tablets now. From what, when I go visit jails, they always show me their tablets so they can email and correspond that way. Wow. No kidding, kidding.


But when I was in there, we were smuggling them in. Yeah. But I've always wondered that same thing. Like you hear about like in in jail situations where, where the inmates can have, like you just said, like cell phones or they'll, they'll smuggle in drugs or certain foods. It's like, well, isn't anybody watching? And like the guards and stuff. Yeah. They, it is just The guards are probably part of the process. Right. Yeah. That's, that's the big thing right Here. Here's the thing that, and I'm just going off this list that I just got, it just came in the list of stuff that JB would smuggle a cashmere robe, slippers, preferably Uggs, but just lined is fine. Also all almonds.


Am I saying that right? Can I also have a pair of socks so that the feet don't get too sweaty in the egg? Slippers? Socks are feeding Mary's crackers. Not too many, please. 'cause man, they're addictive. The blue ones. The blue Ones, Yeah. And no shiv. No shiv, No shiv. Wait, I do want to, my last question on this is, and JB you touched on it, how, how does that happen? Like, you, you, you, you kind of joked, you go in day one, you strike a bargain. I mean, I walk in there, I'm me, I'm a total pussy. I walk in and I, and they're like, alright, you've got money. So do they reach out to me? How do I know who's the right guy to, to side with? You know what I mean? First of all, it's, it's A lot of discernment.


A lot of the wrong guys are gonna come first. I've seen a lot of guys pay the wrong guy for protecting. Right. And how does that happen? They don't, they don't knock on the, on the, on the cell door. They wait until everyone's out for recess. Yeah. They'll care. Or they're, or they'll come in your cell when the cell door pop. Right. Okay. But it's also not as extortionary as we all make it sound. It's like, it, it truly depends on where, like what your crime was, where you were. Right. There's a lot of mitigating, like real, like outside of the jokes at jail, there's a lot of politics of like, what actually why you're there and Right. Traditionally, if you keep your mouth shut, you're okay in there. Really. Do you mind if I ask and we, we can cut it if you don't wanna talk about it, but why you were in there? No, no. I, I appreciate you asking Sean.


Yeah, I, I wanna talk about it. 'cause I think it's a really important part of my redemption is that, you know, I was, whenever I was a younger man, I had committed a series of crimes, one of which being a, a armed robbery case, which is the one that ended up really sending me to prison. Got it. But sadly, it's been everything from armed robbery to possession with intent to distribute. I've just, I was a li I was a 10 year, 12 years in and out of the system, kinda kid. Gotcha. Caught my first case when I was like 14 years old from 14 to 25. I probably did almost that, almost at most of that decade incarcerated. I call it the revolving doors that once you get in, you know?


Yeah. But I think it's important that, that I talk about it because it's, it's a big thing. I wanna give people hope and second chances. And also, I never wanna act like I'm running from what I did or my, my, my victim deserves better than for me act. That's Great. Act like it didn't Happen. That's, that's great. You know what I mean? My That's awesome. Nobody else. My victim deserves better. Yeah. And, and, and you know, it's funny, you talk about second chance. I love, I love your story. You're such a good guy and, and truly. And, and I think that, you know, redemption not enough of, of premium is put on it in today's culture. Certainly we hold people to a crazy standard of, you know, one strike and you're out now for, for a lot less egregious crimes than armed robbery.


You know, somebody might miss, and I'm not talking about people who who, who really are saying things to injure people or, or, you know, or carrying on in a way that's, that's not, but certainly there are people who fuck up. You're in the public eye. There are people who fuck, who don't, who weren't in the public eye, but be, it becomes public because they did something at work or whatever. Again, I'm not referring to serious crimes. I'm talking about people who made a mistake that are kind of looked at by society as like, you know, it just doesn't pass. They, they don't like it or they disagree with it. And so they say, this person is out. And I think that it's a really dangerous idea because you of somebody like you, you're living proof of what could be done when somebody's given a second chance.


It can bring a lot of good to the world. Do you agree with that? Oh dude. I one, thank you. Yeah. I mean, I, that's what I hope to represent more than anything. Right. Is that, 'cause I don't think I just stand for like criminal second chances. Like I think I became a voice for like all second chances. Like I'm a guy that proves that it's never too late to change. Like when I was nominated for the best new artist at the Grammys last year, I was the second oldest artist ever nominated for best new artist. Wow. Wow. In the History of the Grammys. Wow. Incredible. Wow. So it's not only did I turn my life around, I did it at an age where in our business, in the music business, people would tell me I was crazy for starting. Right. Right. You know what I mean? If I, if you ain't, if you ain't, if you ain't caught your teeth by it's sometimes in the acting world, I've noticed that you have guys who are a later in their career.


Yeah. You know, but like in the music business, they say that our best work's done between 22 and 27. Right, Right. Wow. I didn't even start getting invited to award show until I was 37. You know what I'm saying? I was 10 years past the music pride. That's Amazing. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's like, you know, but what but what was the, because when I, when we all first met you, what I'll call the Jelly Roll Howard Stern event Yeah. Is when I first met you, and this sound might sound really corny, but I could, you know, you see light in people, you see goodness, you see truth, you see all of those good things that make good people who they are. And the second I met you were the so kind and outgoing and effusive and it's genuine.


It's not learned. Yes. Totally genuine. And I felt it. And first of all, thank you for that because being a gay person in the place that we all met, I was like, I turned to Will and Jason, I'm like, these are the places that I would get the shit beat outta me, you know, 30 years ago. But, but so where East Hampton? Yeah. No, that kind of bar. No, that kind of bar, you know, like the re bar. Yeah. You know, but So I met you, you were so kind and so genuine and so what was the thing that was your turning point? What was the thing that made you go, you know what? I can't do that stuff anymore. I have to open myself up. I have to be Be the warm guy I am. Yeah. Well, well first of all, to a testament to what you just said is that just for the record, we would, we would've kicked somebody's ass for you in there.


Yeah. No. So it would've been a totally different experience Year later with us. I think the kind of, the real, the turning point for me, so to speak, or like what I thought really did it all for me, as cliche as it sounds, was I had my daughter when I was incarcerated. Hmm. Oh, wow. And I don't know why, I do know why I used to say, I don't know why, but it's obvious. I never, I, it was the most honest accountability and self-reflection moment of my life. Yeah, that's great. You know, I had to really sit down and do an assessment of, I was fixing, I just got the news. A guard knocks on my door to tell me my daughter was born. He doesn't know her name, he has no information.


And I am just sitting there like realizing I'm worth, like, I know this sounds funny, it's jail terms, but in jail you get commissary, you know, and I had like maybe 20 Raymond soups, 10 honey buns, a couple of packs of Skittles. Like I, this is what I had to my name. Yeah. Right. I had the one pair of clothes that I was incarcerated in. I had zero money, in fact, I was in debt. I owed restitution to my victim. I owed the courts, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like, I'm in debt. I'm worth, and I what the biggest thing I'm the most proud of in life is that I run the poker table and have like 30 soups. You know what I mean? Like, that was my, the, and I was like, as a father, I should be proud of my daughter.


You know what I mean? Right. Like, the thing I'm the most prideful about in my whole life is that I've got myself get to such a low point in life that I'm proud of having Raymond Noodle soups Right. In prison. You know what I'm saying? I don't know why Sean, but man, that just covered me, dude. Yeah, I bet. I I get it. I get it. Yeah. It's funny. I it Is funny watching Jason, you must just thinking about the sodium from those, So I saw Exactly. I was like, yeah, it's like the amount Milligrams Of sous would take a week to burn that off. And we will be right back.


You know, one of the hardest parts about B2B marketing is reaching the right audience. You put so much effort into a campaign only for it to get wasted on the wrong people. It's like reaching pro gamers instead of proms. That's where LinkedIn ads comes in. Fortunately, LinkedIn is a network of over 1 billion business e people who might actually be interested in your business. You can even target your buyers by job title, industry, company role, seniority skills, or company revenue. So stop wasting budget on the wrong audience and start targeting the right professionals with LinkedIn ads. I don't mean to get pissed off, just look. LinkedIn will even give you a hundred dollars credit on your next campaign. So you can try it yourself. Just go to LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. That's LinkedIn dot com slash SmartLess. Terms and conditions apply only on LinkedIn ads.


SmartLess is sponsored by Liquid iv. So one of my things that I'm trying this year, really trying hard, is to wake up earlier. I wake up like my alarm will go off like a lot of people I know. And you'll hit it and you'll, I really try to force myself to get outta bed and hop in the shower the minute I wake up in the morning. So whatever you guys decide to do to try this year, come into your own, your own way with extraordinary hydration from Liquid IV with flavors like their new hydration multiplier, sugar-free raspberry lemonade, a bright zero sugar blend of ripe, freshly picked raspberries and citrus zesty lemon, just one stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. Break the mold and your own ritual. So the first thing I do is hydrate myself in the morning. Make sure that I don't have to think about it for a few hours. And drinking Liquid IV makes me kind of check that box the first thing I get out of bed. Embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


You know how people say sleep is the cousin of death. I don't, but they're out there. What interesting family dinners they must have then. Right? Can anyone really say something bad about sleep? No. All anyone wants to do is rejuvenate with Deep Sleep. And for that there's Helix Mattress. You'll find what you're looking for with helixes variety of mattresses that are engineered to fit your needs. Whether you struggle with night sweats, back pain, motion transfer, I'm always on the go. You name it. Helix has a mattress to help you get the kind of sleep that you've always dreamt of. As you know, we've been talking about Helix for literally years and why can I talk about it? Because I've slept well enough on a Helix to wake up and talk to you about my experience with a Helix dusk Locks. It's incredible. Go to Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess for 20% off site wide. That's Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess for 20% off site wide Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. So she's out there and you're in there and you're thinking, I gotta get outta here and when I do get outta here, I gotta stay outta here. And so that was what started to turn, turn off the, the, the, not the instinct to commit crime, but just like the eh, I'm just gonna not have that be a part of what I do anymore. Yeah. So something clicks, right? Yeah. Because I, I'll bet you you didn't, you didn't learn to be some great nice warm, loving human being in jail. You always were that I would assume that the, the crime pattern was probably just a, a reflection of kind of who you were hanging out with and that people you knew were doing the same thing and you happened to get caught and down this path you went.


Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And a lot of it too was financially driven. Yeah. Like where I lived at at the time, the only people that had money did crime Right. In my neighborhood. It was a real clear cut thing. You either did drugs or you sold drugs. Yeah. Right. And even if you sold and did drugs, you were better off than the people that just did drugs. You know? Gotcha. Right, right. And I know that sounds weird, but, and I'm not trying to get into like a bunch of childhood stuff here, but my mother struggled with her own things from addictive stuff to mental health stuff. Sure. My father had alcohol things like it was a, yeah. I was in a house where it seemed very common. Like Right. You weren't doing something weird. Yeah. To me this was what was happening.


Yeah. Yeah. Like this was what was going on. Course it wasn't until later in life and I, there's a famous quote in Alcoholics Anonymous that says, change happens when the pain to remain the same as greater than the pain that takes the change. Yeah. And that, yeah. That's interesting that that's cool. Right. And that day in jail, I was like, I don't care how painful this change is, I'm gonna make this change. And man, it was, when I go back and speak at jails the first time I went and spoke to jail again, I'll never forget I was leaving and I heard one guy whisper to another guy. He was like, all we gotta do is be rich and famous and all our problems are solved. Hmm. So the next time I went and spoke, I forgot about, I, I never tell The most important part of the story was that the moment from coming home to jail and deciding I was gonna make the change to seeing the fruits of the change was like a decade long process.


Yeah. Right. You know what I mean? Like, I didn't bear fruit from that change for 10 years. Right. I was eating shit sandwiches. Yeah. You know what I mean? And just trying to find my way and living in a van and doing $50 shows and just like, yeah. Daily. I was willing a daily to sacrifice. Yeah. Yeah. It's daily. When did you find singing? Did you start doing some of that in jail or were you doing some of that beforehand? I was rapping more in jail. Yeah. That's how I kind of came up in hip hop. It was more of the language of the neighborhood. But I would always sing the chorus. So like Friday nights we'd go down in the jail cell and we'd beat on the walls. And I don't know how loud it would be, but like kind of how I'm beating on the table. Right. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And I would go every Friday and I would tap on that window and I would tap on it for like two measures.


And before I dropped the first down bait snow, you know, the beat. Yeah. And by the time I got through tapping for those two measures, the entire unit, 230 inmates come downstairs, ies gonna rap jellies Finn the rap. Wow. And I would always power music. Yeah. I was crazy. Right. And I would sing the chorus and it was like, there would be like, we'd be free. Like it felt like we were free for the night, you know what I mean? Wow. Like everybody's standing on tables and ah, and then I'd, I'd write these like choruses, like I'll be gone for a little while, but I can't wait to see your sexy smile. But I wasn't really singing. I was just like doing it like that. Yeah. Yeah. But they would love it. They'd be like, sing the call for a little while song. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.


It was like our theme. Amazing. That's amazing. That was, that's when I, and I didn't realize, So I had a voice. Yeah. It was so cool. Watching music move them, people like that. Did you, did you have an opportunity to meet, you know, when, when you first started going and speaking in, in jails and reaching out to guys and helping people who, who you must have identified were going through the same things that you did. And I know that that's something that, you know, I can relate to that when you meet somebody who's gone through stuff that, that you went through and you can go, Hey man, and were you, did you then have an opportunity over the years to have guys come up to you and, and say, Hey, I met you years ago.


Hey you cha like you coming in here and speaking at this jail had an impact on my life. And here's how. Have you had those moments? I bet you have. I've had quite a few of 'em already. Especially rehabs. 'cause we go to, so my, my rule is I'm a man of faith and my rule is real simple. My faith, what I believe of my faith would require from me and the person that I follow, is that I go speak at jails. I go feed the homeless, I go hang out with the widows and I go to the rehabs. 'cause that's where I think that, you know, the God I serve would want me to go. That's where the representation of him went. You know what I'm saying? So it's Like, yeah, of course. So I get it a lot. Especially outta the rehabs. The jails too. The jails are so different though.


'cause some of them guys I'm singing in front of won't come home for another 10 or 20 years. But I will tell you a cool story. I went to the Oregon State Penitentiary to do the first, I brought the first music to the yard at the OSP, the original penitentiary in Oregon. The only death row left in Oregon, or was the only death row left. And we took the music back to the yard and there was a guy who'd been in there for 19 years. And he tells my manager, man, he's like, man, I'm coming home at the end of this year. I come home the day after Christmas. I've been gone for 20 years. You know, whatever. I'm just looking forward to hanging out with my daughter. She's 22. I've, I've been gone since she was two. So we fly him out and his daughter for my New Year's Eve show.


So imagine being incarcerated for 20 years. You come straight out, we put you in a first class flight with your little girl who's not a little girl anymore. She's 22. And they came down and partied with us in Nashville all of New Year's Eve. That's unreal. You know, and I just, I'm, I'm thinking about how over, I'm overwhelmed by this. Right. And I've been doing this a few years. I just imagine what this guy's feeling, you know? And great went straight home and got a job and just the character of a man whose vision and dream in jail was to go have, do an activity with his daughter. He is like, man, I've missed 20 years of my little girl's life. Amazing. The first thing I wanna do is go home and be a part of her life. That's so amazing. How soon After your daughter was born, did you get out? I got home when she was almost two.


Yeah. And this story's even probably the coolest part of this whole story, Jay. Yeah. My daughter, her mother at the time, because I was rightfully so a fucking criminal. Yeah. Wouldn't let me see her. So I had to go to court, I had to get supervised visits through the courtroom. Like, I had to step that very slow, build a relationship then six hours on Friday evening. But she had to be home before 10:00 PM and then I, you know, I just had to, I had to keep going to the court every six months and going, look, I'm, I'm continuing to prove I'm changing. I'm in college, look, I'm doing this. I'm like, you know, music like being famous wasn't even a thought that I just wanted to be a good dad. I just came home. Like, I just wanted to focus on just being You're working on those 10 years.


Yeah. Yeah. I was, you know what I'm saying? I was just like building that fast, fast forward, that same little girl that was born when I was incarcerated is fixing to turn 17 years old. Oh wow. She's got one of the highest GPAs at her high school. She's a dual enrollment kid. And is Junior going to college? That's great. Me and my wife have had full custody of her for eight years. This is That's right. My best friend. That's right. You know what I'm saying? It's Just, Oh, what a great story. She's been living with you for the last eight years. Yep. Full. No, that's great. It's awesome, dude. How cool. It's such a great story of how anything, anything is possible. It's so great, man. I, it's, it's again, that part of your, well, all of your story I find so inspirational. I mentioned it before too, you know, when you went and testified before Congress and it was about a year ago, wasn't it?


It was like, yes, sir. January of last year. Exactly. And, and, and really advocated for limiting or getting rid of, or what was it, fentanyl and all that stuff. And you, I I remember you were like, I used to be part of the problem. I was a drug dealer and now I want to be part of the solution. Didn't you say something like that? That's exactly what I said. Will, thank you. Yes, sir. And were you trying to help them out on what might be some more efficient ways for them to exact some change? Yeah. Yeah. We're, we're working on, there's, it's a double side sword there. The, we were working on a bill to stop the flow and the demand. So it's trying to figure out the balance. But I just, it was breaking my heart that the statistic I gave Jason was, and I don't know if you know this either, Sean, this will blow y'all's mind if you don't.


But over 160 something people in America die every single day to Fentanyl overdoses. How many? How many? 160. 160 something to give y'all. The reference I used at the Fentanyl hearing is that is a 7 37 plane crashing full of human souls Every day. Every single day. Yeah. Wow. Now, if it was a plane that was crashing every single day, I don't predict. This lab happens for four days before every airline in America shut down. And there is a national arts, it does something about it. Right. If there was a hundred and something squirrels in Central Park dying a day, there would be, there would be, yeah. Pickets out there of save the squirrels. Rightfully So. I'd be one of the picketers save. You know what I mean? Like literally.


Yeah. So to me it's just, we can't minimize human life because they're struggling with an addiction. Addictions aren't a personal problem. Right. That's how we've looked at 'em in society. We've dismissed addiction as well. They're getting what they deserve. They chose to do those drugs. And it's like, if you don't really understand addiction, and you, I could see where you would say that, but now we're in a place where everybody knows an addict. Everybody has a friend or a family member who's like, no, that dude was a great guy or a great woman. And then she got on drugs and I didn't recognize her. Couldn't talk to him. Yeah. My brother died, my brother Was an alcoholic and he died from it. Yeah. Mm. And so, you Know, it's totally different, you Know? Yeah. Can you die from Chin Chin? Because Sean's, Sean's white knuckling right now.


167 days in a row. I thought that was the number that Sean had had the chicken cow. What It was Kung pow kung pow chicken. Kung pow chicken. It's just gonna take you down, Sean. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Look it, I can't stop the wanton. Cheapest. So Jelly, talk a little bit about, man, so you, you, you, you get out, you and, and you decide to make a change 'cause your daughter and you've been making music. Has, you alluded to while you were there and now, and now you're out and, and you're going to school and, and you're working on reestablishing your relationship with your kids and all that stuff. What's the moment? What's the first musical breakthrough moment?


What's the moment where you go, oh wait a second. We might have something. What's the first song mix tape? What is it? Yeah, walk us through that a little bit. Thank you. This is a question I never get asked because this is like a throw throwback. 'cause I know the tipping point moment, like the, what Malcolm Gladwell would say was my moment was a song called Save Me. Oh yeah. But what I know was my moment. 'cause we know our moment before everybody else does. Right? Yeah. Like as an artist, like we know a moment. It's like, y'all might not have seen it then, but something in me triggered like, I got something here. Yeah. Yeah. I came home and my buddy had had bought a flip cam from Best Buy, his name's Chad Arms. And he was like, Hey man, they got this new thing called YouTube that came out since you've been incarcerated.


It was like, it's kinda like Facebook but only for videos. I was like, fire. He was like, yeah, you gotta go to a laptop. Right. So he turns on a beat and I just got outta jail. He is like, yo, just start rapping or something. I'll cut it up later. And I put out this thing called a 10 minute freestyle. I got taken down later 'cause I said something about my parole officer and got in trouble. But I'm just like, you know, I'm a young kid outta jail. So I'm just talking shit rapping. And he put it on YouTube and at the time it was called the 10 minute freestyle. And I won't make y'all do the quiz. I normally go pop quiz. Why was it called the 10 minute freestyle? And it's, 'cause at the time, YouTube wouldn't let you upload a video longer than 10 minutes. That I remember was YouTube band, Which was 10 minute 21 second videos.


And at the time they called it viral 'cause it got like 40,000 views. This is baby YouTube infancy. So I was like, this is it. We're gonna be, this is gonna work. People care. You know, this is like, it was different. 'cause when you're passing mixtapes out the neighborhood, you see the neighborhood caring, right? Yeah. But it's like if somebody outside the neighborhood ever gonna care. So I was like, there's not 40,000 people in my neighborhood. We're hot. This is real. You know what I mean? Right. You can build an audience and they like what you're doing. People that don't even know you like what you're doing. That's it. Yeah. That's Powerful. But it was easier when people knew you like school in y'all's world, maybe like school theater. It's like, yeah, of course. You know, but like when you had to go do it at another high school Yeah. It's like, whoa, I might be onto something. I'm not a big hit here. You know What I mean? Yeah, yeah. Right, right, Right. So so you make this, so you make this YouTube video and you get some, you get some a little bit of traction early days of YouTube and then presumably you make some more and you start doing that kind of more.


When do you, when do you first start getting like this sniffing around from the corporate entities that like to control these kinds of things and make and see they see dollar signs for themselves from you? Man, I tell you how lucky I got, and I think y'all got lucky like this too, is that nobody's seen what was happening until it kind of happened. Mm. So like by the time the labels were calling, I was making seven figures a year off my YouTube. Right. Oh wow. You know what I mean? So by the time they call, it's just like, then they call like, Hey, we'll give you a million dollars. I was like, I made that. What are you talking about? Yeah. You Know what I mean? Yeah. Have to come. So I was like, Y'all got a call. So the the, the first call to answer your question directly came in like 2018. We didn't negotiate a deal till 2021.


Wow. Wow. 'cause they kept coming. Like, I was like, I don't think y'all see the metrics, but y'all aren't. When I finally signed my record deal. I love talking about inside baseball, how the sausage is Made is my favorite. I know. It's so good. Yeah, We do too. We do too. So I love it. Yeah. When I finally signed my, my record deal, I had already had, you know, 3 million or 2.5 million YouTube subscribers. A billion views on my YouTube views on my YouTube channel. Amazing. I'd already had a couple of gold records independently. I was selling two to 4,000 tickets everywhere in the Midwest and southeast. Everywhere in the Bible belt of the Rust Belt. If it ended with belt, we were killing there. You know what I mean? So It's Like, you know, once we got, once we got left of Colorado, we, you know what I'm saying?


But we knew we worked our way out here. Eventually It's We'll left some Colorado. So by the time they started sniffing around, I was like, look, here's kind of where we are. And I got the deal I dreamed of. Right. Yeah, exactly. 'cause they had to do something better than what you're, I own, How about this, y'all know, y'all get this. I own a hundred percent of my master recordings own a wow. A hundred percent of my publishing. I own my IP completely. I own everything. So smart to do with who, who I am as me. Smart. And now you have a whole library that is you can hold onto for the rest of your, pass it on to your daughter or whatever you wanna do. Yeah. Yep. Put just, you know what I did with it? Pay the taxes on early and put it in the trust. Let it grow. Yeah. Put the catalog there for the family.


Let them I broke generational curses baby. Yeah. How, how did you, and then so, so you jumped into that community of, you know, I will, I'll I'll say in quotes, legitimacy, right? Where you, you're now you're, you're at these shows with, with all of these sort of established acts and these record labels and all of this sort of the infrastructure. How have you found that community? You know, because you came from such a Yeah. You're an outlier. Yeah. And it's, you're, you're, you're, you're the, you're the real deal. And how has that merged with you and how have you merged with them?


It's been great. Yeah. It's been really cool. They, it's, my deal from the beginning was, look man, I'll trust y'all if y'all trust me. So, you know, let's just not question each other at all. So when y'all ask for something, I'm not gonna question y'all. Y'all know what y'all are doing. But equally, if I tell you I wanna put out an album a year or 30 songs on an album, or I start making some of these what might seem like crazy artistic choices. I was like, you just gotta let me ride my wave. This is, this is what I've been doing. This is just the way I operate. You know, I came into a label that was used to doing at the time, two year, three year album cycles. And I put out an album a year for the first three years on my deal. Wow. You know, I just came in at a totally different pace. Well, They're smart to listen to you because more, more people in those positions should listen to the artist.


I mean, they're, you're, you're you because you're of who you are. Like you'll make them the money they, they're looking for. If you just leave you Alone and it's born fruit. You've had these number one singles you've had. I mean, you're single. I am not. Okay. Well, I mean, which is a great song. It's such a great song. And as I alluded to in the intro, it deals with, you know, ideas of, of mental health and, and really talking about it openly. I love that song, dude. I think that's, it's really powerful and inspirational. And, but that thing was, that was a massive hit and that came, they might, it, that's the record label trusting you and you going, I know what I'm doing. And then you put a song like that out that just explodes.


For sure. That must have, must have felt vindicating. Like it, I Know what I'm doing. It felt great, especially with the label. 'cause I'm like, I had just came off the song Save Me with Lainey, which was a huge hit for me, but it was a big ball. So here I am going back to the label. I'm like, Hey look, I don't wanna turn it, I know y'all are gonna think I'm the male ade here, but it's like, I've got another big ballot that I love. You know what I'm saying? I was like, I think it's gonna touch people. You Know, Del is a good song. Is a good, Yeah. Del, ah, I'll take that one, John. I'll Steal it. What I name my album that Forgive my, my my naivete. But if I'm a, if I'm a label and I no longer have to print albums and cassettes and DVD or CDs or whatever the hell it is, what, what, what would be the burden that I would have to bear if my artist wants to put out an album a year?


Like, in other words, what cost, how much do I have to spend as a label? Because you are making the music and then you just put it out digitally. Is is there, what, what would, what would give them pause to have that kind of frequency? You Know, man, spot on. What would be the biggest pause for most artists? Not me, is that they need their money. So every time they're going to record a new album, they gotta tap in and go, Hey, I need a million dollars. Oh, I see. To record this back, they just gotta pay you your fee. So that's so but are they fronting you that fee that they then can claw back with the sales? Yes. Gotcha. And at the rate of the deal, it's the worst thing in the music business. I've been preaching against this for so long, I refuse to do it. That's why I don't take their money at all.


Right. Is that because in any other business what the record businesses do to artists would be illegal? Right? Like if a bank did it or a car lot did it, they'd shut 'em down. Okay. Because, Because what is It? Because you're not allowed to put an interest rate on that kind of money. Right. But if you don't call it a loan, you call it an advance. Right. So when I take the word loan out of it, I call it in advance and then we recoup it at the rate of the deal. So let's say Jason, excuse me. Do you need to blow your nose? Sean, can you run over there real quick? Thank You. Sean. Let's say y'all three do a SmartLess album, right? Sure. What instrument would each of us play? Go ahead and assign us each an instrument. Okay. Everybody gets an instrument. I think this would be Something you strike you as You look like.


You would, you look like you could rock a saxophone. That's her, it Could be a really cool curve ball to see you with a saxophone. I would love to see, just because I think this would be so out of pocket for the crew, is if Sean was like the electric guitar player and he, Carrie, like a big just Gdy Gretch just one of the people. It's not believable. A huge open Sized guitar. Yeah. And then will's on the key guitar. No, you gotta have a drummer. Yeah. You know What I mean's? Not a drummer. The He fan, he Fs himself a drummer. The most athletic of us. Yeah. Oh, the youngest ping. Most athletic And I'm just blowing things. Yeah, But let's Just, dude, stick with what you're good at, dude.


Blowing air. Wet my read. Alright, so, alright. So, but, but pretend y'all get the deal. Pretend y'all get the deal, right? And I say it's a 70 30 deal. 70% of the favor of the label, 30% for y'all. Then I'll give you a million dollars to record the first SmartLess album. Right? They're like, okay, we get 10% a piece. You know, they're putting up all the money, dah, dah, dah. You sign the deal. But the problem is, I recoup at the rate of the deal, which means every time SmartLess makes a dollar, I take 70 cents of that dollar and I go, this is mine. That was our deal. You're like, yep. And then I go, now this would be your 30 cents, but I'm gonna put this 30 cents towards the million dollars you owe me. Right? Wow.


Yeah. That's a, That's, that is a 70% interest rate. Gentlemen, I don't care how you slice or butter that bread. Now you could, you found legal loopholes to make it not that, but ultimately that's absurd. You know what I mean? Yeah. We'll be right


back. Sick and tired of traditional old workout gear. Discover Vuori Vuori products are designed to work out in, but also to look great in everyday life outside of the gym. Vuori makes super comfy and versatile apparel that can be used for running training. Swimming, yoga are just lounging around for both men's and women's items. You'll love, you need to check out the Dream Knit collection. The dual gender dream knit collection is great for stretching and lounging and has the perfect items to wear for low impact workouts. The dream knit collection is made with special dream knit fabric, which is moisture wicking made from 89% recycled materials and has four-way performance stretch. The Ponto Performance Jogger is a great jogger for men. While women will love the performance jogger, I know people say this, but I actually really am wearing Vuori shorts right now. I have the Ponto Short in Heather Gray. And not only do I feel confident if somebody knocks on the door and delivers something to, and I open 'em, I'm like, yeah, I'm wearing Vuori. What? What's it? What's with it? Yeah, I'm in shorts. What's the problem? Vuori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Plus, enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions,


Whether you're looking to buy or rent your next place, you need the Redfin app. Redfin makes it fun to search all the homes and apartments in your neighborhood. And if you find a place you love, Redfin makes it easy to go see it in person. You just schedule a tour right from your app. Plus, if you're looking to sell Redfin agents know how to get you the best price possible because they close twice as many deals as other agents. And with a listing fee as low as 1%, redfin's fees are half of what others often charge. For me, it's just the pure joy of going on there and seeing what's out there. I love looking around my neighborhood to see what my neighbors are doing and what's maybe available and what's maybe not available to sometimes just a dream. And it's just the best way to do it. I, I love using the Redfin app. I gotta say I'm a little bit, you know, people use the expression obsessed. I'm not obsessed 'cause that's like a clinical, but I do like doing it a lot. So whether you're looking to buy, rent or sell, download the Redfin app to get started.


Life these days moves at a lightning speed. But we all need a moment to recharge for what's ahead. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. The ultimate space to catch your breath and reenergize with available features like massaging, leather appointed seats, a panoramic moon roof, a Bose premium sound system, and ambient lighting. The Murano is thoughtfully designed to be your personal sanctuary, readying you for whatever the day brings, because sometimes the greatest rush is not rushing at all. Discover it now at nissan USA dot com. Features listed are available upgrades.


And now back to the show. Now lemme ask you something. How did you become so savvy? Did you have, did you have your pitfalls along the way and you learn and, and this is the result of that, is now you're like, I know how to do deals now, because you must have made some bad ones in order to know what good ones are. Yeah, Well that's what happened. Old and alt, the cool thing was nobody wanted to sign me. So like when nobody wants to work with you, but you're like, I had to figure it out myself. Right, Right. So you had, so you had to make it yourself. And by the time they came to you and they're like, Hey, here's how the deals are. You're like, hang on a second. The math doesn't add up. Yeah. I don't need your fucking money under your, under your, your system. I make Plenty on my own.


Right. When you Yeah. When you kind of see that, when you see that math up front, you go like Uhuh. Yeah, No. As soon as you see it, and then you're aware. 'cause I've done enough distribution deals and early in my career I had to take a little money. So you'd go get a hundred grand and then you'd see it took you six months to pay the a hundred grand back and you're like, by the time I paid the a hundred grand back, they made a half a million dollars. Right, right. I was like, I'm tripping. This is, that's a, you know, it wasn't even, you go through that enough times that when it finally happens, the label calls like, Hey, we'll give you that. And that's where labels kept messing up the first three or four labels. Oh, I love talking about this. The first three or four labels that would call me would just offer me money. They thought I was just some dumb redneck, which they were Right.


But they thought I was a dumber redneck than they thought I was. Right. Right. And they would come and they'd be like, Hey, you know, listen, I, I'll never forget one label said, it's a blank check. Like whatever you want it to be within reason you put the amount of money you want us to give you, and then we'll put a number of albums with it. Right. Gotcha. You know, and I had a guy at the time who was ill advising me who was like, let's just have for like 10 or 20 million bucks, dude, this will change both of our lives forever. He was like kind of managing me a little bit. Yeah. I was like, ah. Right. Then I was like, I think I need to find another manager. You know what I'm saying? I was like, I don't think this is right. Yeah. I was like, 'cause I'm also in a space where, you know, mama didn't raise no fool. You know what I mean? It's like I was smart enough to go, I don't if they think I can make $20 million.


And that's what these people do is they count beans and determine if people can make $20 million, I think I can make $20 million. You know what I'm saying? I was like, maybe I'm crazy to think that, but you know what I, I mean, I Was like, no, they showed their cards. Yeah, for Sure. Anytime somebody comes at you with a number and says, Hey, this out of the blue and says, this is what we want to give you, you're like, alright, this is a great starting point. We're obviously worth Exactly. Way more than that. They're building, They're building in a pad that's favorable. We, We've had our own, we've had our own experience with that. Hey, but now, so, but industry standard on the deal structure for, for live performance. So so touring and stuff like that is much more in the favor of the artist, is that correct? Yeah. Well to, yeah.


Always ancillary participation is what they call it to try to get us away from the 360 deal, which is what it is still. They just gave it a cooler name, but it's always in favor of the artist, depending on what your deal was and how much money you took. I know some artists in town that did bad ancillary deals too, though they did like 50 50 or 70 30 ancillaries. So they're in this 80 20 record deal where they're only getting 20% of their streaming royalties, don't own any of the masters. A hundred percent of the masters will own owned by the label for the rest of Wow. Right, right. That's Crazy. And then they go out and they'll do a 60 40 ancillary participation. And the problem with that is meaning The, the concerts. Yeah. Yeah. But the problem with that is, is that if I give the label even 80%, let's say, I mean 20%, let's say I said, you know what, we've done great.


Y'all built my profile. I'll give you 20%. Booking agent wants 10. Yeah. Management's still coming in at 15 business managers still at five, which I've negotiated all those fees back over the years. But I mean, you know how this works. I mean, if you just, next thing you know, there's a, the, what I try to advise artists is this, you're gonna end up in a situation where you're gonna make what your manager's making if you're not careful. Exactly. You know what I mean? You know, you're Gonna, the difference is they've got 12 other clients. When your manager Are moving the same neighborhood together, you're in trouble. You know what I'm saying? Do you get, you get to keep all the merchandise money. How does that work? It's normally in the ancillary, Same, same ratio, But yeah. Just whatever that is. Just ticket sales. Yeah. It's outta mind completely. Do you feel like you, you have to tour whether that's emotionally, financially, spiritually?


Or do you want to tour? Because I, I, I ask people this often who come on the show who are musicians are in bands. 'cause I'm such a homebody, like whenever I have to go anywhere and pack and then, you know. Yeah. Shack up at a hotel and like You pack Is the reason Hack Fucking Yeah. Like pack a suitcase. The Idea of going out and learning in the world is really what really holds me pack is the idea that I have to fucking pack then hire somebody to fucking pack for you. I, I hate Packing. You're not learning anything at your fucking house. Jesus Christ. Maybe I'm, maybe I Am. Both you guys, I'm, I'm learning a lot today from Mr. Mr Roll, Washing in a strange room.


Jesus. And no, well, the whole point of all of that was I'm such a homebody. I, I can't imagine going on tour all the time every year. So a different Way of singing. He's lazy, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. What's that like for you? Well, I think it's a need and a want. I need to write music. Yeah. That's something I know for like my spirit and my therapy. Like, I have to write songs. Like I have, there's something in me. I'm very em very empathic. I meet people every day. I hear these stories about how my music has helped people through dark moments, and that stuff sits with me. Yeah. But I don't find a way to exercise that. Touring for me is just the old school. Like, I'm an old school rock and roll dude, man.


Like, I still smoke pot and play the guitar a couple hours every day just for fun if I can. You know what I mean? Like, it's still like, just get lost in jamming and learning other people's songs. Like I, I love this life. I love the pace. I love the bus. I love the smell of diesel fuel. I love Pilot Truck stops at 6:00 AM Sean. Yeah. I mean, I love all That stuff. You know what I mean? That stuff is, Sean does too. Different reason My twenties, different reason for Truck Stops Lose Change. Yeah. What wa what was it like, what was the moment when, when you got that first Grammy nomination? What was Oh, I cried baby. Yeah. I'm snot Rocket Cry. Did you, did You?


Oh, nasty. Couldn't quit crying. Then I called my mom and a teller and I videoed myself calling her. And my mom was a little older, you know? Yeah. So I'm like, mama, I just got, I'm, I'm snot rocking so she can't hear me. I'm just blowing snot bowls. And she goes, you said something about some money. I said, no, mama. I said, the Grammys. She said, look, you said your granny. I said, no, mama. I said, I just got nominated for a Grammy. And she's so funny. She goes, well, that's good. And then two seconds later she goes, Hey, I seen a picture of you and Tanya Tucker together. How cool was she? I'm still crying. And my mom was asking about Tanya Tucker, the country singer. She had seen a picture of us together on the internet. Yeah, yeah. Like, what's up with Tanya Tucker Though? Wow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But it was cool, man. It was in our business.


It don't get no bigger man. Right. The easiest way to describe it is I've been blessed to win a CMA, I've been blessed to win an a CM. I've been blessed to win a C You, you swept the CMAs that right? Yes, sir. I mean, you cleaned up. I've Had some big moments and being nominated for a Grammy, just the nomination trumps all those. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. I Used to, before I got nominated for Grammy, I was introduced as the new, the C-M-A-A-C-M award-winning multi-platinum recording artist. Right. I am now introduced real easy Grammy nominated recorded artist, Jelly Roll, just being nominated Cat Rid every award I'd ever won, even being in my title. Yeah. That's Cool. You know what I'm, I'm saying like, that's How cool it is.


So who, who would you be most excited to meet at a big event? Like say like the Grammys or something like that? Ooh, that's a good one. Because at the last Grammy's I got to meet Taylor. Yeah. Taylor Swift came and talked to me. Oh yeah. And I felt like the bell of the ball dog. When I tell you I felt like king Shit. I felt the same way I felt when Howard Stern hugged me. Yeah. Right. When Howard hugged me. I was, he doesn't hand those out, dude. This dude likes me for Bri. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking and Taylor's walking across the room and it's like, this is Taylor Swift. So you're just watching people park like the Red Sea. They're just like, right. And as she's walking to my wife, grab me, she goes, I think Taylor's walking over here. I was like, no, no. And I'm looking at her and she's looking at me and I was like, no, I think she's walking over to Boy Wonder because boy Wonder was sitting boy Genius was sitting in front of me.


Yeah. And I think she's walking over to Boy Genius. And she did, she walked right up to me and gave me a hug. It was super cool. I was like, oh, That's amazing. And then I was so nervous. I fumbled, I forgot I was gonna tell her this great emotional story about how I pushed my daughter on the swing set of the park she'd built in her old hometown. Yeah. And I just could not remember the, I was like, the park, my daughter. I was like, I'm just so bad. You'll get that chance again. I'm sure Jay-Z there too. It was really cool. Stevie Wonder. I mean, it was like, it was definitely Ed Shean came and talked to me. I mean, it was, It was really cool. All good people. Yeah. Yeah. That is. Oh, that is so cool. You know, it's, it's funny, I was thinking about your song. Well, I'm not okay, but Save Me and all your songs and what is Son of a Sinner.


And I, I got to hang out with a country singer songwriter a few months ago. We were on a late night and, and, and he was playing all his songs, but acoustically, there were a bunch of us in this room. And I was like, and when I was listening to him play these songs acoustically and, and singing with the power and, and the emotion. I was like, I was like, these are, these are the poets of our time. Country music has become the, they, they speak about the heart of what's going on. And, and when you listen to the lyrics and you listen to the passion, especially in an acoustic setting, I found it. And when it was like really stripped down, it blew my mind, man.


I was so moved by this. It was probably a guy. Do you know Thomas Rhett? It was of course TRS my buddy. Yeah. I was with Thomas was, he was playing and he was playing some of his songs and he was playing some of lots of other people's songs as well, man. It was, and and it is true. I mean, I don't know how much you guys, Sean and JB have listened to, to a lot, a lot of the country that's coming out now and the stuff that, it's unbelievable, man. Yeah. A little good. Yeah. It's all good. Yeah. It's all good stuff. I love it. Well, you love, gotta think. All the poets of have always ended up in Nashville. Bob Dylan went out of his way to come down here and write and do Nashville Skyline. One of the only places James Taylor frequented, besides his island of his own, where he rode at up on the Northeast, was he'd come to Nashville every now and then.


Like, it's always been a, it's always kind of leaned that way. And I think that we're having the biggest moment we've ever had with it. But what you got to experience is, what I tell people that makes country music more special than every genre is that it's all about the song with us. It's all about the hits with the other genres. Like, not in a bad way, but like, you know, it's, yeah. It's a lot of production. It's a very produced thing. But like in our businesses, if I take all that shit out and I just grab my guitar right now, or if I grab this piano right now and I break this song down to just me and you acoustic, it really makes the song stand out. Right. And what I mean, what you're talking about. Yeah. It's, it's incredible. I I I was so moved in a way that It was really unexpected, man.


No, dude. It's, especially when you get to do it like that, like when we're all the best is when you get three or four or five of us in a room together and we're playing past the guitar. Oh ha. That's pretty cool. You know, it's awesome when we're like, yo, what did you write? He's like, yo, I wrote this last week. And then Thomas ret singing a song that might not ever come out that he just wrote. And then I'm singing a song I might not ever put out that I just wrote. 'cause it's like anything else. I just wrote it. So I think it's the best song I ever wrote. I gotta listen to it for two months where I'm like, that song's not that good. Listen, I'm not trying to create my own private concert for me. But, but what I would like to do, and my dream would be to come to like Nashville and hang out with you and to what a great guy. You guys would love him too, right? He's such a great guy. Right. Jelly's the, oh, he's the Best.


A salt her. A salt Her Talent, talent, talent and awesome guy, Great husband, great father. I mean, just present Great. Just all around. And, but to come in and hang out, I would, that would be like a dream. That would be a total dream to be a fly on the wall with, with a bunch of you guys. That it would be unbelievable. Yeah. That'd be lot. I mean, it come anytime we, we, the cool thing about it is we do it. Wow. I think it's what made, it's similar to what y'all do. It's what made Smartlist the biggest podcast on the earth. We immediately heard three friends who were at the top of their class, but are buddies at core just hanging out and being fucking buddies. Yeah. Yeah. Like, that's us. Like when we're all sitting around together passing a guitar, like we're not a bunch of country music superstars. We're a bunch of dumb ass songwriters trying to show that we could still write dumb ass songs.


No. You know what I'm Yeah, no, you're right. Two buddies and Jason, and we, you know, we do the show and that's, We Got them. Everybody. We Got them. How about this? This is probably a, as stupid as all the other questions I ever ask, but what about, I would imagine that your life before things got better wa was was a richer pot from you to pull from to write songs versus now are you are, the question is, are you, are you as inspired with stuff to write about now that things have the edges a little bit more rounded in your life, you know, deservedly so, or is it, or are you still finding stuff that really grabs your, your heartstrings Now?


I, I pull from a little less personal pain. Yeah. But I've gotten a thousand more muses. Okay. Right. Got it. Kind of balanced itself out. I get, I, I get, I'm not making this number up. I'm sure y'all do too, but I get thousands of messages across every platform a day. And 70% of 'em are like real, Hey man, your song helped me out of a hole. I got sober to your music. Yeah. I dealt with the death of my father with cancer to this song, like this song, like we played this at my mother's funeral. We played this at my cousin who had a fentanyl overdoses funeral. So like, it goes back to me being very empathic. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I feel this.


Like, I'm the kind of guy that's like, if you start crying Yeah. I'll cry, we'll cry together. I have a nobody cries alone policy. You Know what I'm saying? It's Just automatically. So I love that. I love that love. It's Like, I hear these, I love stories, you know, I hear these stories every day. So not, I'm not, I had a man, this is, I've never said it this way, but there was a moment I thought I was special because of where I was from and what I've been through. Yeah. Like, I thought like, oh, this, the world's clicking for me because all this shit I went through is like, makes me special. And then I realized what makes me special is that we've all been through some sort of shit. Yeah. And that I am a representation of that. And once I realized that I wasn't telling my unique specialty story, I was telling the story of millions of American who have felt the same kind of pain.


And don't take this Sean to speak on it, but I speak for, I speak for Sean's brother. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like, I am an active voice for Sean's brother right now. That's nice. Whether Sean knew that before this call or not, is that my most of my life mission is getting people to understand that alcoholics and addicts are good people. They're not bad people. They're just in the middle of a bad situation. That's exactly right. And it's one of the core tenets of, of recovery is that idea is that you're, you're exactly right. You're not unique. It's that people can identify with that. Exactly. And it's through that identification, you know, that creates community. And community is the opposite. Opposite of addiction. Yeah. When you can create that, you know, community. That's it.


It's so powerful. The opposite of addiction is connection. Baby, you're speaking to me. Will, let's go with That's, That's it. That's So true. It's so, it's so true. It's so true. And, And then when you do that, when you go through that and you, and, and everything that you've been through and everything you just said, Mr. Roll is the, is is that, is that you are now, like I said at the beginning of this interviews, you are now a light and you speak so eloquently about everything you've been through and the kind of enlightenment that you've gone through. And it's such a dr. Like people are now drawn to you Yeah. For those reasons. And people seek out your advice, your guidance.


It's, it's really fascinating. And They're uplifted through that connection. Yeah. Yeah. The message is different when it, a message always hits different when it comes from one of its own. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, that's why I go back to jails and that's why I go to rehabs. That's because I remember none of our own ever came back and talk to us. Yeah. So no matter how well intentioned other people were, it just didn't hit, you know what I mean? Yeah. Because it wasn't, it wasn't coming from a place that we could like, And it lights you up as much as music lights you up. The messaging. Yeah. I love that. I Love that. Yes, baby. It's, it's my real purpose, man. It's to serve, Giving, giving it away is the best feeling of all right. I mean, that's, that's where the power comes from. That's, that's the hack that people don't do You need a blessing? Be a blessing baby.


Yeah. You Need a blessing. Be a blessing. Love That. Well, it's like, you know, if you're, if you're feeling unloved, it's because you're not being loving. That's been my experience. And if I push love out on people, I get that back on me. That's Right. Tenfold, basically. Yeah. That's what I was trying to say. Couldn't say it. It's a hundred percent true. If you're, and this is a hack that I, that I, that I'm a little reluctant to share. This is totally true. That I find if I'm feeling low or if I'm feeling like unconnected or I'm feeling lonely or whatever, I'm, you know, I reach out to somebody else and ask them how they're doing. It's the most unbelievable, you know, and you get, I'm gonna send you my number in the chat just At the bottom Of the screen. We know how you're doing.


You're at home in your thing. Like, and Sean, I know where you're at home having no experience, You know, it's a Sad Hollywood story. They can't even do a real life Hollywood story 'cause there's not enough info. There's not enough life that can't fill an hour because it's too boring. It's got famous and rich and sat in his house. Who's gonna watch that? A web episode? We could do a web episode. We might, we might be able to do a web episode. We'll go back, Jason. We'll publish it for dumb dumb. Look it, Scotty got me this pencil holder. It's a little typewriter. There we go. That's, I'm excited about that. That that took up a week. That was a week.


That was a week of shit. Just to get that Jelly Roll, man. I honestly, having you here has been so amazing. This Is awesome. Yeah. You're just such an inspiration. And, and thank goodness that, that you are who you are, man. You've, you've touched a lot of people. You, you've certainly touched me and, and, and, and I know you've helped a lot of people. So thank you for your kindness and your voice and everything, and your music and your artistry, all of it, dude, Honestly, will. Thanks for inviting me on. Jason. Thanks for mistaking me for Kenny Chesney, who's a foot shorter and 300 pounds lighter. Sean, I love you to Absolute death, man. I love all of y'all. Likewise. I, I can't thank y'all enough for what y'all are doing for the world, man.


How happy y'all are making people. How much joy you're bringing to people's car around every day. It's thanks, man. I just hope y'all know that this was, I'm sure y'all did it just to five, you know, I, I just to connect with each other and it just kind spread. But man, that's, you are helping so many people, man. You are a direct servant man. You don't even, I, I'm sure you know it. I'm not, I'm acting like y'all don't know, but you're Serving many people. Like I hope that, I hope so. You're not, you're not wasting an hour or two of your life every day just shooting the shit with your friends, man. You're, you're helping a lot. My therapist listens to y'all. He was, he's never been excited about me doing anything, but this was like a really big deal. This, and Jay, she, for him were like, whoa, I can't Believe, I'm sure. I'm sure you're as, you're as thankful as we are, that people are actually listening to what it is we want to say.


Right. It's, it's a real joy. It's a Bl It's Y'all leave with love baby. Y'all leave with love And, and if you're ever in la, please, let's have a meal or something. I would love. Please, We'll do it. Yeah. We'll link for sure. Night. I'll reach out. I'd love to see y'all again sometime, man. Love to have you. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. The great Jelly Roll. Thank you brother. Thanks buddy. Thanks for being with us. Thanks boys. What a nice man. That's a nice, a nice way to start the day, I think. Incredible. Right. Chance to talk to him at the, at our event. I mean, just said hello. Me neither. But I was struck as you were just how infectious his, his light, his energy was his warmth. When he, when he, when he shook our hands. It was, it was, it was kind Of, he's the kind of guy you wanna hang out with, you want in your life.


It'll make your life better. Of course you do. Those kinds of people make your life better. He makes, he, he's, there's a guy again. Like he's just, when he's turned his life around and he's spent, he's dedicated his life to making other people's lives better. Yeah. Which is fucking awesome. Yeah. I love it. You know that option is available to you. Will. Yeah. I Listen, I'm out there Can start today. I'm trying. I mean, I'm not the one again. I can't, you guys have nothing to talk. What are you talking about on a talk show? It just occurred to me. There's nothing whatcha talking About. I just, I come up with bits. Yeah. You know, I come up with bits. Mm. You know, funny stories Come up with, You know, I tell garbage about how I don't like to walk around hotel rooms with my bare feet and crap like that.


I just make it up. Oh my God. But we know them all. How much you run out of them. Oh God. I, I need, I do need some new stories. I know, I know. Will. You're always like, you gotta go see the world so you have something to talk about. It's true. Well just not even just talk, just in general. Read books, meet people. I do. Get off my fucking back. No, I gotta get off your fucking back. I was put on this planet to be on your back. Egging you onto I want you to be a better, I love Sean Hayes. Yes. And I want the best for him. Okay. That's very nice. Yeah, But why don't you, you could just turn on CNN International and you could see, no, you're Not, because you're at home Just, or watch a movie with whatever landmark you wanna see.


It's getting Into the world. You know, it, it, it's, yeah, But it's just What about my sheets and my pillow and my Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Or Sean, you should get to what you're looking at on your screen. Go ahead. What do you, what was your thought? Oh, no, I'm looking. I can't, Are you trying to think of, well, you know, if you could travel a lot back and forth to Los Angeles and New York if you had to. Well, we Always used that one so many times. What? No. What about this? But I don't wanna travel anywhere because I'd miss you guys. Because if we, if I leave somewhere, I'd have to wave. Good. Good Bye. I feel like we've done that too. That's really, We've, we've never come up with anything where by is in the middle of a word.


Okay. Win by a nose. Saw him go by two by two selling. By sitting by him. Hey, listen, listen, listen. How A house by the lake. Listen, the good news, the good news is you can go anywhere in the world, right? Sure. You can do stuff. Yeah. And if something happens back home, if somebody gets hurt, somebody gets killed and the cops interview you. If you're out of town, you've got a great, all That's good. Bye. That's Fantastic. Smart, smart Smartlist is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart last.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts, or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today.


Standup comedian, actor and writer John Mullaney is coming to you live. Every Wednesday, John will invite you into his world on everybody's live with John Mullaney exclusively on Netflix. This weekly comedy talk show we'll cover no. Whatever he is interested in that week. It'll be reckless, it'll be eccentric. It'll include iconic guest combinations that you could only imagine in your wildest dreams. Watch everybody's live with John Mullaney weekly at 10:00 PM Eastern Standard Time on March 12th, only on Netflix.


Thank you to Paramount Plus for sponsoring today's episode of Smart List. Paramount Plus is the home of the UFA Champions League. The UFA Champions League has reached the knockout stage. Where the best of the best in European Club Soccer face off to be crowned champions of Europe. Watch the best coverage of the best soccer in the world all season long. Live on Paramount Plus experience the excitement of every single match. Live exclusively on Paramount. Plus. Visit paramount plus.com/live sports to get started.