
Have you met all modern? Whether your style is Scandinavian inspired, iconic, mid-century modern, or paired down minimalism, all modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. Every design is hand vetted for quality by their team of experts. And upgrade your space in days, not weeks, with fast and free shipping. Plus, right now, you'll save big on every style of modern with Black Friday deals all month long on holiday hosting Must-haves and more. That's modern made simple. Shop now at AllModern dot com or visit them in store at Linfield and Deta, Massachusetts, or in Texas.


So listener, we all know English You. know it 'cause you're listening to me. You're understanding me. But. what if I was talking in a different language like that? Annoying co-host of mine, Will Arnett loves to twat on in French You know he likes to prove he's Canadian. He's proud of it. Like I. get it. I'm a little jealous. That's why you're picking up the tone in my voice. So, this Rosetta Stone company. they can teach you how to speak, understand, write any language you want. I. think But I know they got French covered. So AMM, I'm, I'm, I'm making a big, a big threat to myself, to the world, to you and to specifically Will Arnett that I'm gonna, I'm gonna learn French so that I can stop rolling my eyes and actually get excited. The eyebrows go up next time. I. hear him talking. French. Or if you're watching a foreign film and you're tired of reading, you wanna watch a movie, you don't wanna look at the, at the, at the subtitles. All of these things make Rosetta Stone a good fit for me. So You know, maybe, maybe it would fit for you. After all, Rosetta Stone is the most trusted language learning program to truly immerse yourself in the language you wanna learn. It's available on desktop or as an app. It's trusted for 30 years with millions of users and 25 languages offered. Do not put off learning that language. There's no better time than right now. To get started, SmartLess listeners can get Rosetta Stones lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit Rosetta Stone dot com slash SmartLess. That's 50% off unlimited access to 25 language courses for the rest of your life. Redeem your 50% off at Rosetta Stone dot com slash SmartLess today.


Hey guys, I got a mouth full of English muffin with a glass full of apple juice here on the rocks. Thank you very much. And I'm here with my surprise guest today who is a clapping sea lion. Oh my God. This is by the way, before Jason and Will are on. Welcome to Sli Smart. Smart Bless. smart Bless Crazy.


I can't see surprise guest yet. Maybe their camera off. You're supposed to. No, you're not supposed to. Wait. How does it work? You're not supposed to, by the way. He won't, he won't stop clapping. Oh, we got a live one. Yeah. One. Oh boy. Might want to just get right to this guest into our chat afterwards. We got some Folding work going on over here. We had, by the way, what a wonderful dinner we had last Night. We had a nice dinner, didn't we? The three of us. It was gorgeous. We Really did. Listener You know the three of us don't really get a chance to have just a three top You know. Yeah. Not since early, early nineties. Yeah.


It went really well. Sean generously picked up the bill. I know. Kind of sneaky. Like very Sneaky. Like I don't, I I gotta be honest, I enjoyed doing it. I know, I know. It's nice to do. But consider this sometime. And again, I don't want this to seem like I'm being ungrateful because it was very nice of you. So thank you. Yeah. This is all dressed up in a Thank you. Yeah. But keep in mind I gotta heart out in five minutes. Other people Yeah. Might want to have the opportunity to do that as well. I know. Okay. And so, so you don't want to take away from other people the ability. Yeah. Save it. Will's got about the fucking shortest fucking T-Rex arms you'll ever find What are at a dinner table. This fucking guy you could fucking, you could drop a check on fire in front of him and he wouldn't bat it out.


He wouldn't touch it. That is so un He just let it catch his fucking pants on fire before he touched a bird check. That is, that is so untrue. That is patently untrue. Don't me wrong Sean. Me wrong. One of the crew members just walked through. Yeah. A bear just walked through your living room. A bear crew member. I'm nuts. Speaking of livestock, we, we, we, we ate a lot of cooked cow last night. Oh. And I. I woke up at two 30 in the morning and had to chug Pepto Bismol because, because your body's not used to it. My stomach is so unused to, it was like, that was like, it was like a four pound steak.


I wasn't that So good going down though. Oh yeah. It was great. I know. I love that. It was so good. Actually, You know what Sean, after you left us, we went and tried. We, we were both stuffed. We were tied as we know. We, we only went five, four blocks After you Oh yeah. That fucking steak sandwich. We got Bradley's house and he's got his steak. You know he's opening a Yeah. Steak, steak Sandwich shop in the lower East side. Yeah. So good. By the way, he them for All of us. Danny. Danny and Coops. Something like that. I think that's right. Is it Danny and Coops? Check It out. I think it's on Avenue A he said Yeah, in the Lori side. It makes just so good. I. think What did he Jamie, did he say on the menu? It's just steaks sandwiches. Steak sandwiches. Yeah. Either with cheese or without period.


No, with onions or without. Oh God. Right. Right. It's gonna be huge. So Shawn, so good. So after that menu, after that, that meal we had last night, JS I go over there and then Bradley's literally cooking these up in his house. And he goes, here we go. And he is got these kids there and a bunch of other people and he's like, here we go. And, and we're like, no man, we just fucking, we just had a absolute feast. Yeah. And then within 20 minutes JB gets up. Yeah. And has been, well no wonder you got up at two 30 in the morning. Well, but Because he walked me through the whole process of how he got the recipe from this guy who makes the best steak sandwiches in Philadelphia. And then You know Bradley like perfected it over like a year. 'cause he just loved these sandwiches so much and he taught himself how to cook them.


And then approached the guy to open up an annex. It's so good. You know, basically, don't You remember he made them for us. Like, I don't know. Yeah. 9, 8, 9 months ago. But It was so good. Yes, I do remember. And anyway, it was really And I ended up having went to And. they were absolutely delicious. And, But, but how about this And I walked back because First of all, I got two things to say about, so when we got from the No, number one, when we got up from the table last night at dinner, Jason, you pulled aside and said, I gotta run in the bathroom real quick. So me and Will went outside and waited for you. And, I. I should've thrown it all up at that point. Taken it all out of me in The bathroom. And then we're standing there and then you come out. Yeah. And both will And, I are like, wait a minute, who's this fucking guy coming up?


Talk, talking to us out of the blue? He is like, well, crazy. You says And, I thought And. you thought, where's Jb? I'm like, I'm thinking You're Like, who's this Twink? Yeah. I told listener you wish, wish you were a twink. Well, I don't even know what a twink is. Is that, is that good or bad? You Got It. No, you're a twink. So listener. I, they're talking about, because I I I've had my, I've looked like Jesus Christ for the last nine months. Yeah. Basically as I'm playing this guy with long hair and long beard and All, that stuff. Yeah. And, I. Just cut it all off. Right. Because we came to the end of the Thing, the the number of people, and Sean, you're probably the same, who have come up to me as if I'm your wife over the last six months ago, Hey or texted me.


People have gone so far And. they go like, Hey, what's up with Jason? How come his hair so long? And? I'm like, yeah, he's an actor. You what do You Know? They, but they all assume I love, I ask that nobody is. I love that nobody assumes that I would be doing it for any sort of acting part. Like, nobody, nobody thinks you're In trouble Or everybody thinks I'm in trouble. They they go there instead of like, well, he is not much of a thespian. He is not gonna change his look for a heart. He must have just hit fuck it and we gotta send him some money. Yeah. Why did, why didn't Marty Bird Grow His hair? But anyway, And you and then you drop me off. And then we said, when we, I went, I'm like, well, where's uptown? Because I'm so lost downtown. Like, I don't understand. And he goes, just go that way. I was walking for like 20 minutes. I'm like, I'd have no, and He was a half a block from eighth Avenue and he, he walked all the way into the Hudson River.


That's crazy. Yeah. I was, I was no idea where I was. I was scared outta my mind. Aw. And I. And then I asked this, these four people, I'm like, do You know where like uptown, like which direction uptown is, and Well first give us your wallet. And, you got mugged and then And, you, you asked people which direction Uptown I know is And. it was, it was a young married couple and then in-laws. And the married couple was like, yeah, you go that way. And then the mom of the in-laws goes, oh my God, will and Grace. And then the, and then the two young married couple was like, oh my God, SmartLess. And then the dad goes, just to make sure to keep me real. He goes, I don't know who the hell you are. Right? Yeah. And, I go. It's How funniest.


It's isn't that the funniest instinct that people have? I've had people come up and go like, Hey, my friends want to pick. I have no idea. You, I want to know, pick you out of a lineup of one. I You not care. Use zero to me. Yeah, You're zero. That's basically what, But anyway, they want to get a pick. And you're like, okay, well thanks for telling me man. I didn't ask. Right. Anyway, let's get into our guest. He's been waiting long enough. It's like, honestly Sean, I feel like why are you crying? This is like, Anyway, we've unearthed. Okay, let's not get into it. Okay. This guy makes me laugh so hard. I love this guy. We've got a lot in common. Both Midwestern boys, large Irish families.


Interesting fact, he's been in over 200 commercials. He's performed for the Pope I think that means standup. And how He was 200 commercials. That's amazing. And how when he was eight he stood in line for two hours to meet Jimmy Walker from Good Times just to have him sign Dynamite. Well, today we get the other explosive Jimmy guys. It's the brilliant, the prolific, the funny, the lovable Jim Gaffigan who we lost. Oh, Jim Gaffigan. Wow. Wow. Hello there. I'm a big fan of yours. Oh, Shucks. Geez. It Was so weird. Is you guys went to dinner last night. And I Don't know why. And I think the listeners should know this, that you made me be the waiter, which I thought was strange.


Well, well just as a rehearsal, You know. Yeah. Hear us out, Jim. We just figured that you we know how real you like to keep it. Yeah. I mean, a lot of people should know that Sean Hayes does not tip at all. Not financially weird. I, I said, is this it? Do you need change? And he said, I need you to change your attitude. And I. Right. Oh my God. Now Jim, do you still have that, that autograph? It says Dynamite from Jimmy Walker. No, No. I I love that. I only remember that because I saw a photo of it. 'cause I had a dynamite hat. Yeah. I'm probably older than all you guys, but like you are Probably not.


There was a big, I mean, will looks the oldest, but like, the big Way Exactly. Is that, Wait a second. Do we No I think it's Will could be like, well I think Will would be, he, he there is a lot of people don't know. He's doing a movie where he's playing Gavin Newsom's dad. Yeah. Wow. This is the Anette Roast. Will we didn't want to tell you before we got started. My Bucket. Do You know? Will I just do that because I'm scared. Why? Frankly, I'm a little scared. I'm intimidated. Why three buddies? I'm the new kid. I don't how to fit in. You're So safe Here. You're already, you're already fitting in beautifully.


The the dirty little secret about this podcast is it really doesn't matter who we have on as a guest because we don't let them talk anyway. We just like to hear ourselves talk. You're on cruise control for the next hour, right? Jim? Or 45? Jim, We don't know each other well, but you came up to very kindly to Canada and did that hospital benefit. You remember that? Is that right? Yeah. Or did you block it out? No, I remember it. I remember it very clearly. He was You were hilarious. Absolutely crushed. Always is And. you always crush. Yeah. Yeah. I know. 'cause you've He never pushes. Never pushes. Just trying to get my dad to like me. And I don't know if it's gonna work. Same. Is dad still with us? No, he's been dead for like 20 years.


Oh, you're waiting for a message. He's right over here. He's just off camera When you hear the wake up. I've been tell every morning I'm like, wake up. He's really tired. He's really tired. He just put new ice on him every day. Yeah. He's just, Hey, well how did you get, how, how are you, how did you get to be in 200 commercials? I'm, I'm, I'm actually envious of that. I was on this show. Silver Spoons. No, And. I was Jim. No. There was an era in the nineties where they really loved the idea of the dumb white guy. Yeah. In every commercial.


Yeah. And I was like, I'll do that. Sean wasn't available. I did those too. I did a ton of 'em. There's A lot of dumb white guy work. And I loved It. I immediately started thinking, oh wait, this is one of those guys that's got one of those campaigns that's like You know. Like the Jack in a Box guy or The Progressive girl. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Well, you can, it would, it would add up quickly. Yes, I would do, I did Rolling Rock and Saturn, which was a car company. And I Did. Sure. This and this is back in the days when they would pay. Right. You could you get about my gosh, 30, 30 grand. It was life Changing by the time a national commercial is done with its with its cycle. Right? Wasn't it about you could count on about $30,000. Absolutely.


How many brands did you sink, do you think? I would say Rolling Rock for one. Saturn for two. Definitely. Son. Wait, Jimmy, so you were born in Elgin, Illinois. That's so Crazy. Is it Jimmy? Yeah, It's Jim. It's, I was, when I was a little kid. I was Jimmy. Now where are you from? Sean. Glen Ellen. So it's like 20 minutes from Elgin. Yeah. Well, we moved pretty, pretty quickly to Northwest Indiana. I mean, when I was eight, I guess And you And you wanted to be a farmer. I did. What kind of, what did you wanna farm? I You know I think corn. I just, sure. It's weird. I it's Pretty vague. Dream. Not, not soybeans had, it was Not, not something sexy like soybeans or rye, but like corn, You know like a normal plant.


No, I, I did wanna be a farmer and then, but I also wanted to be an actor in a community. I know like early on, like, and, and your, your dad was the CEO of the Mercantile National Bank of Indiana. Yes. So crazy. And then you wanted to be, and what did he think of you wanting to be an actor? He thought it was pretty fucking stupid. Sure. No. You know. it was my parents were children of You know, like their parents went through the depression. So like it, the whole objective was to seek security. Yeah. And I think my family had been in the country and my father was the first one to go to college.


But before that everyone was coal miners. So it was just like we finally got to the middle class And, you wanna become a show person? It was just absurd. It was like, why Throw it away. Yeah. But it's interesting because I, this happens all the time. We talk about this all the time. You're the youngest of six. I'm the youngest of five. And. it seems to be like a lot of people we talk to, the youngest in the family always wants to be the actor. Yeah. Or the performer or the attention seeker, I guess. Isn't that weird? Well, the alcoholism was so significant by the time we were teenagers. Yeah. Same You know. Were you clo were you close with your dad? My dad was this huge influence on me, but it was weird.


I think it was mostly trying to make my mom laugh. But You know the whole father relationship is so complex. And again, I think I don't know about with you. There was such a parental fatigue that it hit by the time I was a teenager, my dad was like, I didn't even sign up for any of this You know what I mean? And having children myself, I'm kind of like, can we, can they go to boarding school and middle school? Can they do that? It's just, it's exhausting, right? Yeah. And, You say, you say you do have children yourself or you don't? Yes. Yes. I have five. I have five. Oh my God. Wow. I know. That's a lot of kids. So I'm a very fertile guy.


How, how old's your youngest Jim? He just turned 12. Oh wow. Okay. And wow. And I feel like with every kid there was a reason for me to like him. You're like, all right, this one likes me so much. I like him. Right. And then my youngest one looks like me. And so I'm like, all right. I got a mini me. I gotta be excited about that. Yeah. It is amazing, right? Like how you have you develop these different relationships with the kids based on completely different stuff. I mean, I know you're kind of making a half a joke, but like there is something to be said for like, well, the, the initial bond started because that, that little thing that couldn't speak or do anything yet has an attraction to me.


And, and there's a, it's almost like a puppy. Like kids are like puppies before they can see it. Absolutely. Of course. Right? Yeah. Totally. It's like, oh, they're, they jump on my lap all the time. And so, well, I like you too. And now you're my favorite pet. Right. And then you, then your role changes. Yeah. And, you're like, okay, I'm the peacekeeper between 'cause daughters and mothers go through some weird crap. And now I'm kind of buttross, buttross, golly here, You know, trying to keep some peace. Deep cut. And then there's just different ones where you're like, all right, I'm the evil cop. Right. That You know has to be the disciplinarian. Yeah. Or the one kid's actually less, less like a puppy and mu much more like a cat. So they they're they're difficult. Yeah. Like they, they don't give you the time of day.


So you end up being very drawn to that one. You know, I gotta win that one over. Right. Yeah. Independence. I mean, I know you've got almost a half a dozen there. It must be. Yeah. And my relationship with my kids is so good. I don't have to like, worry about rules. We just kind of, Oh Man. Sorry. I just wanted to Just click, click, click. Right. Hey, Jim, You don't really think I look older than the other guys do? No. Let's double back a little bit if we Stuck on that. Okay. Thank God. Now, Jim, where are you? Are you in Los Angeles, New York? I'm in New York, yeah. I live in New York. Oh, That's cool. Have you been in New York a long time? I've been here for 35 years. I've done some time in You know. When I was on a show I would be in LA for six months or six weeks.


I did pilot season. Oh yeah. Every year. Yeah. Now your time in Los Angeles, is this something you kind of You know, hold your nose and kind of get through it? Or do you like it out there? I don't have anything against Los Angeles. I, I mean, I'm not a fan of Sunlight, but yeah, I'm very much, too much show business is not good for my mental health. Like, I, that's what I like about New York, that like you have friends that are not in the business. And, you can kind of separate yourself from it, if that makes sense. Yeah. And we will be right back.


You're probably good at a lot of things like, I don't know, watching tv. And finally that greatness is being recognized and rewarded by Sling. Introducing rewards from Sling with Sling's Watch and Win sweepstakes, all you have to do is watch 30 minutes of TV daily for chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other prizes monthly. There's no catch. Sling is seriously giving away chances for you to get paid by your TV provider just for watching the TV they provide. You can earn rewards by signing up for Sling or for a free account with Sling Free stream, which gives you 500 plus channels or always free TV and movies. Sling's Cloud DVR lets you record your shows to watch on your schedule. There's no complex technology, no long-term contracts, and no hidden rigmarole. Watch TV anywhere at any time and get rewarded with Sling. Sign up for free today at sling.com/win. That's sling.com/win. Watch tv every day and improve your chances of winning $10,000 in cash and other prizes monthly. sling.com/win.


SmartLess Fans, your favorite podcast is some must have merch waiting for you at the Sirius XM online store. And here's the best part, the store is powered by Shopify. So grabbing your gear is as easy as pressing play on a new episode. We're grateful Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you. Our listeners, Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats and coffee mugs. Shameless plugs, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person POS system. Shopify's got you covered. Plus sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All star. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash SmartLess now to grow your business no matter what stage you are in.


Did You know that every year over 1 million Americans are diagnosed with diabetes? That's why GoodRx is here to help with 20 popular diabetes medications for less than $20. And this hits home for me, especially because Scotty, my husband, has diabetes ever since he was 17 years old. Good RX is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx to save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price. Whether you're refilling a diabetes medication or picking up any other prescription, don't forget to check GoodRx for savings on diabetes medications and other everyday prescriptions. Check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess, that's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. Do, do you ever worry that like by having that healthy kind of distance from show business and and the pursuit of it and, and All that stuff that that, that you run the risk of not going to the places that you want to go career wise? I ask. Oh, absolutely. 'cause these guys always, always keep me in check and give me proper ridicule about how sort of on my keeping my eye on the ball I am about like what's happening in the business tree and, and what should I be doing next? And All that stuff. I can't help it, but I envy those that, that have a healthy distance from me. Well, you also Grew up in it, so that's a little Yeah. A little different in that way. I am.


Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah, I feel like I've definitely I think my career might be completely different if I lived in LA I mean, it is 99% of the business. Right. But it's also, I I don't want to sound like the pers You know, like there's a You know, like, I'm not like Sam Shepherds. I'm on a farm in Virginia. Right? Yeah. Right, right. You Can fax me only You. know what I mean? It's like, I wish I could be that guy. I mean, I definitely care. I'm definitely the guy who's You know works. Really. I'm the guy who does his homework You. know what I mean? Yeah. I'm not like, I, I don't even know, I don't even know my agent's name.


No. Yeah. You've been able to stay so relevant for so long. You've had this really long career and yet you've able, you've been able to You know live outside of it to a certain extent. Yeah. Oh, Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Good for you. It's, it's admirable. Jim, how many years? What, when, what was your first break and how many years have you been doing standup? I've been doing it for like 35 years. And was it always standup first or was it an actor first and then you wanted it You know? It was, it was a little bit of both, but it was, I would say, yeah, it was You know Standup was something I always did, but I always wanted to act and, but they're such fantastic actors in New York, so like, Yeah.


But the Jim Gaffigan show was hilarious. But, but wait, I, I want give this standup such a good job. First of all, how did you, what was the first night? What was the first time you were like, in The first time? I was so You know there's such an audacity necessary to go into this business. Right. But, and also with standup to go on stage that I waited till someone dared me. I had a fear of public speaking. So I took an improv classes way before UCB existed. And, and in the improv class, someone was like, there's a standup seminar. This is in 19 90, 19 91 is this New York or Chicago Or New York.


Okay. And then I, so I did stand up for the first time And. it was, I fell in love immediately. And then Wow, how about that kind of bombed for six months and Yeah. Yeah. Did you write, did you write, did you write jokes that first time? Or did you just kinda wing it? What'd You do? Oh yeah. No, it was, I did this, it was kind of like a seminar thing. It was like someone really holding your hand. Okay. You know. Yeah, it was, yeah. It wasn't like me and my buddies went to a club. And I got on stage. And, it was Magic You know. Yeah. Do you still, like, what, what is your, the oldest joke that you still have in your rotation? Like still one from that, from the, from the early years at All?


I mean, it's, it's, I I You know at this point. I You know, I haven't done jokes from back then for a, for at least a decade. And so sometimes I'll write a joke, And I, I'll think, oh, this is great. And then You know, my wife will be like, You know that was on like your third special, that joke. I'm like, oh, all right. You know. Like, I don't even remember that I had done a joke. You already complained about your kids that way. Does, does she, Does she dabble in in our industry as well? Yes. Yeah. So she was the, she did directing and she also like was the showrunner of the Jim Gaffigan show and Oh wow.


When we were, but You know initially when it with standup, we used to totally, once we had our, once we were married, we wrote together. And then with five kids, it's You know you're lucky to have a conversation with You. know your partner. Wait, so she's showrunner for Jim Gaffigan show. So what, you had an overall with the network or with the studio and Yeah. That was You know before Cable completely fell apart. Or even though I guess it's coming back. We had a deal at CBS. We did two rounds of pilots. They were committed to single camera comedies and then there they weren't. Right.


And so they released us and we, we had an offer from a co You know a couple cable things, but like, the most attractive offer came from TV Land. TV Land was gonna do this. Right. Massive rebranding thing. And of course we were like, all right. Yeah. Great. And then they, then we went over there and then like a month before the show started airing they, yeah, we're not gonna do a massive rebranding. Shawnee did some TV land work. Yeah. That was show we did, we produced with Betty White Hot and Cleveland. Yeah. Wait a minute. Were you on, was teachers you guys or No, that was Melissa I think Hot In Cleveland with Betty White.


Yeah. That was the first that I think that was the first show that launched TV Land. Yeah. I think that was the big, that was part of the big TV land relaunch. Yeah. We got Lucky. Wait, So what, what network was Jim Gaffigan show on then? I forget It was on TV land. Yeah, it was, It was on TV land. So you, you and your wife write the pilot together or She writes the pilot Who? I wrote the pilot with Peter Tolan. Oh yeah. That's really funny. Yeah. The great Peter Tolan. And then he, he was under a Sony deal and so he couldn't go when we went to TV land. I mean, sometimes they re aired every episode on Comedy Central. So that's where people would end up seeing it. Yes. So wait, so God, there's so much I wanted to talk about.


Oh wait, by the way, we, I heard you love to go to steakhouse after each standup thing. I love steak. Yeah. We just had, we just went to a steakhouse last night. We A great steak last night. And, you ever Been to strip steakhouse? Strip, Strip? Oh yeah. Yeah. And so do you guys try, how often do you guys get together and pretend they're like each other? Yeah. Not very, not that I'm stupid too hard. I'm not Yeah, we're not that good at, at acting. No. We have, we have dinner quite a, we have dinner when we're all in town like once a week. But it's with everybody and family. Yeah. And Yeah, just the three of us is a rare thing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's what's also so great about whenever I do podcasts is like, it forces you to have these conversations with your friends because things can spin outta control and, and it's like getting paid to hang around your friends is not bad.


Yeah. That's how this started. I know you guys donate all your money. A lot of people don't know that. Yes, yes, yes, yes. All the money is donated. Yeah. Wait, are You, which is amazing. Are you worried though? Like, I do think about, because I love steakhouse too, like in, in LA Oh, sure. Sean still love the steak. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Love And I love. Can't wait to hear what Jim might be worried about in the steakhouse industry. What does it, I dunno. I mean, or jump in if you want. Yeah. But, but I love, please Finish this. I like the simplicity of the menu. There's like six things. Because remember Jerry's Deli in Los Angeles, remember Jerry's Deli? You sit down I bet Cheesecake Factory must really piss you, you Off Cheesecake Factory too. It's a book and it's like 200 And I almost have to get up.


'cause my anxiety, like if there's too many choices, I can't do it. But a steakhouse, it's like, there's four things here and there's four sides. What do you want? Cheese. The sauces that get me pissed off at a steakhouse though. I never, I never know which way to go. Yeah. That's why I always do ketchup. I always do ketchup with my steak. Oh Fuck. You are Midwestern. Yeah. I like it. It really is. I like it at a steakhouse when they, we kind of show you the meat or they show you a potato. We got a potato, we got this lobster flown in from Maine. It's just like Mors does that. It's like so dumb guy-ish. Like, Hey, you're a dumb guy. This is a potato. We can cook it for you. I love it. Yeah. Now I know I'm jumping all around, but I want to, I wanna go back to your career. Yeah. Jimmy, when, when you first did Beyond the Pale, that was your first standup special And.


you had I don't know how many after and what, what blew my mind is how many Grammys you've been nominated for. Oh, thanks. What, like how many, how many times you been nominated I? think seven times. God. But You know I'm never gonna win one, but like that's, it is, But that's crazy. That's amazing. Well, because Some of it is like, I'm just so thrilled that the Grammys even include com, You know standup comedy. And in the end there's always You know some very important newsworthy, comedic event that's occurred. You know, whether it be You know Chappelle doing anything, or like You know one year, it was weird, Al Yankovic had did the first comedy album in 25 years.


It's like, obviously he's gonna win You. know what I mean? Right, Right, right, right, right. Yeah. But I don't know I think it's pretty Yeah, you're Right. You're Never gonna win. Which is, which is the award with the, which is the award with the, with the circle that spins around. Is that the Tony Sean? Yeah. Does it, does it spin? It does spin. It does. Wait, do you have it there or is it in la? It's in LA. Oh, all right. The the Grammy's the one with the, with the horn. Yep. By The way, it's So funny. That's the Grabo phone. Yeah. With the, with the Horn. It's funny, And, they, Jim sometimes just sit back and just, Just marvel. Just, You just point the pointer. And these two little kitties, they just go all over the, all over the road. And, you just point the pointer and watch a chase.


Do you have, Do you have Ball of Yarn? I I usually ask people like if they have any crazy theater stories. But in this case, do you have any crazy, like, fan stories that you have that like any kind of insane out of all of the, well, out of all the touring you've done for sure, but of the Specials or the tour where just somebody insane didn't ever Stop? Oh, I, yeah. No, there's, I mean there's definitely, you guys were talking about, I, I feel like I'm so goofy looking. So like, I'm, I'm very recognizable if You know who I am, You look like John America, that that's what you look like. Yeah. But but like a pale version of it. So it's like I'm either the guy that You know shovels your driveway, or I'm Jim Gaffigan.


Right. So there is, so I could be And I have horrible vision. So, but because I'm pale and goofy looking, people can see me from far away. They're like, oh, is that, Hey, is that Jim Gaffigan? And I. Can't see who they are. 'cause I'm blind. But But you've been, you've been, you've been loved and on, on television or some form of media for so long. You, you must not be able to walk down the street often without, without getting stopped or go, Hey, hey, that's, hey. Yeah. Yeah. Do you get a lot of that? Yeah, a lot. You know, like, I AMM playing. I am You know. I've provided them a riddle You. know what I mean?


Yeah. Like, Hey, do I, how am I supposed to know you? And You're like, you catch a lot of people just staring at you from across the room. Yeah. Trying to, trying to figure it out. Especially in strip clubs, they're always like, who is that guy? Oh yeah. Because it's too dark in Really, You've got five kids. What are you doing Here? Trying To get a six kit. Take their phone out, click. No, but you were, you you were maybe gonna tell go down the front. Oh yeah. You know what I would say is the, the You know there is a theater story. I did that championship season Oh wow. On Broadway. And, it was, the amount of testosterone in the cast was absolutely insane.


It was me, Keer Sutherland, Brian Cox, Chris North, and Jason Patrick, whose dad wrote the play. Oh, wow. And so it's a great play, And. it was. But like, so like when you talk about theater stories, we went, I mean it's also like this, this last I think of like, there's this last generation of people that, and there's a segment of this generation that drink like our parents did. And those guys are those guys. And so every night we would, every night was like a, it was, the stamina is just bizarre. Like these guys can throw it away and then get up and do a matinee.


And I was just like, I can barely walk. Right. And yeah. But I wonder how That's, I I'd love to check in on those fellas now and see how it's, see how it's aging. You know. 'cause at some point you do, you do pay the bill. Yeah. You know. Like you just, the stamina isn't forever. Well I'm sure they're all doing, but like, they were, it was so bizarre to go out on stage. 'cause I always had this vision of Broadway being, oh, my You know, like, people on top hats and stuff like that. And it's like people would walk out and people like 24 it section this You know. it was just bizarre how it was. Right. Us it was a, people were going to so they could see Mr.


Big. Right. Right, right, right, right. But yeah, people really, really like it. But your earlier standup stuff, do you, is there a a when you were first starting, is there, Oh yeah. Do you Tend to remember the good performances more than the bad ones? Or are you like the other? I try to block out some really humiliating things, but I did a show on Long, long Island at Governors and, and You know Long Island is, is great, but like parts of Long Island You know, it can be not necessarily combative, but just kind of, oh yeah, And I would walk on stage when I started You know, looking like the Farm Boy that I wanted to be.


And these You know, like, these New Yorkers would be like, look at this guy You. know what I mean? And so like early nineties comedy was very combat driven. Like, this guy's just a pussy You. know what I mean? And so I remember I was, I I, I was on stage. It was a late show at governor's And. I got on stage and someone in the audience was mooing. They were actually mooing Moo, Moo And. I was like, oh, this is great. Okay. Yeah. So because I'm from Indiana, they're mooing. And so then I've, I tried to You know, deal with the heckler. And normally You know You, you, you have a microphone, you have an advantage.


But it didn't really work. And so then eventually there was enough slack on the carry. Yeah. So I walked into the audience to find out who this mowing person was. And there was somebody severely handicapped, lying in a hospital bed who could only articulate, No, Jim, Only communicate by going, no, no. So I had spent a good 20 minutes tearing into this severely disabled, like they had like the keyboard and everything. And I'm just like, and but the crowd had known, and And I was like, all right, I'm just gonna kill myself. And, they You know they were very forgiving and the person You know, loved the, the attention.


But that was probably the one of the more brutal Situ. Well, That's quite A story. Sean, have you learned your lesson? Never ask that question again. Yeah. Compare the story. Wow. Now, do you have a, do you have a clear, I'm sorry if you've, if you've answered this question a million times, but do you have a, do you have a clear preference between standup and acting? Because you, you've done tons of both. And You know one that the words come beforehand, the other the words come after. I, I I, I love doing both of 'em because I think that standup is such a bizarre existence at night and stuff like, and it's so solitary And, it can, whereas the collaborative thing of acting is so amazing.


But I think the, the process of getting acting jobs is so maddening that I would totally lose my mind if I Yeah, yeah, yeah. Had to rely just on that emotionally. Yeah. I mean, some of us, yeah. It's job security to have Created a, a a, an audience. Yeah. And, you can control in one, in one lane of your career. You, you are fully in control of that. Yes. And, you can sit down and write some great stuff. And, you Can get the creative fulfillment. Whereas You know, I've been, I've done a lot of dramas, but to this day, I had a meeting two days ago and I've done to tons of dramas. And people are always, they all have the idea of what if we put Jim Gaffigan in a drama?


And I'm like, all right. I mean, I, I mean most of 'em have been indies, but like, I'm like, And, you wanna be polite and go, yeah, sure. That would be great. Even though like, I've done it. I've been doing that for a long time. Yeah, yeah, For sure. For sure. We'll be right back.


Hey guys, holiday season's right around the corner. Who's excited? I always get so excited. And I got a little something extra from Wayfair to make it even more exciting. I'll get to that later in this little ad because it's so satisfying to get great deals on things your home actually needs, especially before the holidays. Wayfair is the place to shop for all things home. Everything from sofas to spatulas, you name it, they have it. They also have styles you can't find anywhere else. No cookie cutter stuff everyone else has. So you can make your home way more you. So right now you can shop Wayfair's insane holiday deals and get up to 70% off during their Black Friday deals. Wayfair's the go-to destination for everything home. No matter your style or budget. Earn rewards and get the best savings in the neighborhood. With Wayfair's new loyalty program, 5% back on every item across Wayfair's family of brands, free shipping members only sales, and more terms supply a huge selection of home goods ranging from appliances and area rugs to beds and wall art. Everything you need from your living room, outdoor areas, bedroom and more. Wayfair makes it easy with fast and free shipping. Even on the big stuff, they'll even help you set it up. I love the holidays and I went a little nuts and got some holiday serveware from Wayfair just because I had the like regular boring silverware. But I got this awesome Wayfair Christmas stuff. It's gonna be great. It's got it's holiday themed. It's fantastic. Don't miss out on Saving Big with Wayfair this holiday. Head to wayfair.com now to shop Wayfair's Black Friday deals. That's W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com


You know guys, life is full of reasons to celebrate, right? Like saying yes to your new home, getting the keys to the dream car, or finally taking that vacation you deserve. With the State Farm personal price plan. You can keep celebrating when you create an affordable price just for you by bundling home and auto. So bring out the confetti and break out those happy dance moves. Bundling just another way to save with the personal price plan. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with a personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state


While. Hilton is always expected to have top notch service. You'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now. They partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore, all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


And now back to the show. Do any of your, any of your kids share the, the bus, the business tree Passion? Yeah. I. think You know my, I've toured doing standup with my 18-year-old son. He's really funny. Oh, No way. So like he opens for you or closes for you or together. Yeah. He is done. Yeah. You know, like, oh really? That's cool. You know. Last couple spring breaks. We've done that. But that's great. It's such a weird business. It's like, and my, my oldest daughter who's 20 has really loves acting and I'm like, You know there's no jobs. Right. There's just Right. You wanna, and so I'm like, if you want to, you have to create your own jobs.


So I'm like, I'll pay for film school. But like, there's no You know. Right. It's Not like it used to be. Yeah. It's, It is a tough thing. 'cause you can't walk around with that diploma and, and sort of guarantee yourself at least an entry level position. No. Like, it's So cruel. But it's even different from, it used to be like you talked about pilot season. Like I Yeah. And commercials. You could have been able to work Commercials, commercial commercials. You did commercials. Like when I was a young actor, it was, I supported myself doing voiceovers. Yeah. I did a ton of voiceovers in and around New York. And then every year, by about January for a few years, I would fly out to California and, well, not every year, sometimes I would go for like a month and sometimes, but you'd have pilot, at least pilots auditions.


Couple a day here in New York. And, you do, you do the circuit. Yeah. Yeah. Right. You go to all the places and then they'd fly you out. And there was like, there was a good chance once you kind of got in the mix, there was a good chance you, you'd get a job, you'd get a pilot every year. And wasn't the Arrested Development year, like the last year you were gonna do this Goddamn pilgrim I out to Los Angeles for pilots? No, I did. IIII got fired the year before. And I wasn't gonna do it. And I didn't audition for any S and Deb Bursky reached out and said, well, come on. Will please just put yourself on tape or Something like that. Yeah. I meanwhile I was like, I was like, I'm not gonna do the TV industry. They're really gonna feel the pain of me not being around. Wait till I show them. Right. I. think Arrested Development.


I tested for that. Or I was, or the wait, maybe not a network test, but a studio test. What Part? I think the David Cross one. Yeah. Okay. But I think, God, that would've been great. No, it's even worse than that. It was. 'cause there's also, during pilot season, there's like, do you wanna commit to this pilot or do you want them in first position? Yes. And I think I had been offered a pilot to be in first position. And I was like, alright, fine. You know that. Yeah, let's do that first position. It was You know it was garbage. But I'm like, all right, fine. I just want to act.


Yeah. And then, because I had worked with Mitch Hurwitz the year before on Ellen DeGeneres sitcom, and he is like, yeah, yeah. Hey, why don't you come in and audition for this? Because I had been schmoozing him to get a part on it because You know, obviously he's brilliant, right? Yeah. Yeah. And so, yeah, he's tough. But I, and then I, and then he was like, yeah, you're in first position and this is a low budget thing we can't have anyone in because we're gonna do it. Oh yeah. Because remember the premise was like that they were gonna do it in a different way. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Remember it was written, remember he wrote that cover letter on It? Yeah. It's if you, if you, if you want, if you want a dressing room larger than a honey wagon, this job's not for you don't even bother auditioning.


Mike Terry, who works on our show, who, whom you met. Who he sent me. His wife worked in the ca worked for Deb Rki I think it was. Oh yeah. And he, he sent me recently the, the list of people and my name's on it, of people who were sent You know. 'cause I put mys, I eventually put myself on tape here in New York. I was doing a play in New York. And I was so bummed about being fired from this show the year before that. I was like, I'm not gonna do another done. Fuck fuck sitcoms. I don't do that. And it beneath me. Like I kind of tried to flip it in my mind that I'm above it because I'd been fired. And anyway, so I went And I read for Deborah Earl came, but Mike just sent me, I've got in my office at home Wow.


Of yeah. Of the sign in sheet or whatever. Mitch. Really Cool. Mitch sent me the videotape of my actual audition for Michael Bluth. I've got it on my computer. Wow. Yeah. And that was the last day you ate, right? Like and that's why you stuck eating. Yeah, I've been swimming ever since. It just looked too puffy. You know Jim, I forgot that you were on that, on that Ellen show with Mitch that year before. I remember that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Martin Moll was on that show. That was so, We loved Martin Moll. It Was so, I mean, he was such a sweet guy. So fun. And he was such a sweet guy. And And, it was so bizarre to see this guy that I had watched on Fernwood tonight. Yeah, Fernwood tonight was great.


I mean, it was just, and You know as this. I mean, I know I'm, I'm older than you guys, but like, you have to understand that was this, that was the bizarre. Him and Fred Willard, that was like my first exposure to like bizarre comedy. Yes. And And, they they did like cutting edge, super racy. Yeah. It was so clever because it was ah, I lo I love that show. It's So fun. Well also, I, I had no idea that Martin Mo was this brilliant painter. Like he went to art school to be a painter. Wow. And then he would just tell stories about Steve Martin, which was amazing. 'cause You know. Yeah. Jason, is that a mall behind you? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's a mall right there. A mall.


I got this one Cheap. Jim, tell me about like Unusual jobs before you got all this work when you were starting. I started off, well, I studied finance, but then, oh, that's Wild. You went to school For finance. I was, I was a copywriter in an advertising agency. And really, I I think it was really helpful in learning some You know some word economy and efficiency of writing. But it was, I was the weird guy in the corporate setting. Like Jim's crazy You know, like he's napping in his room. Meanwhile, I You know I got like three hours of sleep the night before. But yeah, there was, I was definitely, I I was the last of my friends to have a day job because I think the remnants of that retaining security had really stayed with me.


And I also knew that I didn't want to just do some horrible bar gigs and You know I tried to limit some of the humiliation. Or Do you keep up With financing? Like is that still like kind of like a hobby of yours or? I Did. I didn't really, I still, I don't know anything about finance. And it's like I went to college. And I even joke around about that in my new special. It's like, it's really sad. I mean, I have middle schoolers, And I look at their math And. I'm like, are Did, they introduce new numbers because I don't know what's going on. Yeah. And so, and also like if I looked at the Wall Street Journal financial section, I wouldn't know And I, probably You know passed a class in it.


Yeah. Right. Yeah. Got it. Right, right. But speaking of your special, it's called the Skinny. It's on Hulu right now. Yes, yes. And oh boy. So this is number 11. This is the 11th special. Good Lord. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? That's crazy. And I'm only 22 Chi. That's pretty impressive. Yeah. Yeah. That's Pretty cool. Oh, thanks. Where Did she say it's the 11th of 22. You've decided to And I AMM only 22 years old. No, he is only 22 years Old. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Where do, where do you see, I mean, what do you, as a, as a performer, do you see yourself as you sort of get older that you want to keep making specials? Do you, do you like the process of making specials or do you get a thing you're like, I just wanna act more? 'cause the specials, I've kind of, I've done 11 of them.


And I don't or does it? Where does the fire live? It's all self assignment, right? Like every aspect of this business, right? Yeah. There's like, we have this notion that someone's in a, sitting at a counter at a soda shop and someone comes up. It's like you have to like steer it. You have to sit there and go, I wanna do this And I. And, but what I love about writing standup is that it's something I have control over. So it's like, look, I would You know. I would love it if I didn't have time to do it as much as I do. But And I have turned down a fair amount of, I mean, I, I love just complex characters and You know.


So if it's a good acting role, I'd love to do it. But like, if it's You know, some kind of silly comedy where I would have fun doing it, but it wouldn't be something great. You know. I try not to. And also I have kids, so I have to be very selective on why I AMM being out of town. Why I am going outta town, meaning I gotta make money. You know. But I do a lot of indies where I make nothing You know. Right. Do you still go, do you still go and like jump on stage of the comedy cell in places like that? Absolutely. I try. You know. I, that's why we're still in New York City. I mean, I wanted my kids to be New Yorkers, but also I You know it's so great.


I can just go and do a show at You know Gotham or You know the New York Comedy Club and then I can be home and You know, try and tear the screens away from the kids You know. Yeah. Yeah. Your life sounds fricking perfect. It's pretty good. I I want to come back as Jim Gaffigan. Totally. It's far from it, but thank you. What's Your, what's your favorite non comedy or non businessy thing? I know you love gardening. Yes, I do love gardening. And where do you get a chance to do that downtown? During the pandemic, we got a place in Westchester. Oh, okay. And, and so And, they had some raised beds there. And, I. Love that. But I love gardening. And I. During the pandemic, I got into bourbon.


I just, if I'm talking to like three people in the entertainment industry, I assume two of you don't drink any longer. You know. But like, Bingo. It's like Bingo. But like, so I was like a beer guy. And then during the pandemic I kind of got into bourbon and then, I mean, we've all probably been approached. Maybe you guys have a celebrity spirit, but I didn't wanna do that. So, but I have a buddy from Louisville, And. I was like, can't 'cause it's, some of 'em are just so bad. So I was like, can't we just pick our own and do this? And he is like, you might just end up with a bunch of barrels of a bunch of bottles of bourbon. I'm like, that's fine. So I So You're doing that?


I'm doing that till I go, till I eventually join aa, I guess in three years. I don't know. Turn a profit first. Yeah, that's Right. Like say I went from beard and then I got into bourbon. It's like saying like, I used to do Coke and then I got into crack. 'cause I was like, Right. You know, it's just, It Ketamine is great. It's, it's a starting point. Well, they always say I'm drinking bourbon in the morning, but it's, it's actual apple juice on the rocks. Oh, There you go. Course it Is. By the way, every step of the way, Jim, Sean will out Midwest you in every respect. You can't believe How fucking Apple Catch up. Yeah. Do you see how excited he was when you, when he was like, and you're from Oakmont, right? Or wherever Jim And You.


I'm from 20 minutes away from there. And we're always like, isn't that fucking crazy? People are from places. I'm always fascinated that people get out of the place they live to pursue their dreams in other places. I love those Stories. Sean, a quick lunch. Lunch today. Sean, really quick, what's on the menu? Quickly? Got what's For lunch? Mac and cheese. He's chopping celery for the egg salad right now. Yeah. I. think it's, what is it gonna be? I? think it's gonna be craft mac and cheese. So you can, so you can still eat like you're in third grade. And you a little bit Great. A little. Yeah. Always got a cookie pouch. Show him the cookie pouch. Yeah. I got a cookie pouch. There It is. Here it comes there. Oh, There you go. That's It. It's my cracked Pouch. No, I thought it was, oh, growing up in the Midwest, I was, I used to look around and be like, I mean, I know I wanted to be a farmer and everything, but like sure.


I was like, oh, I. think there's, I used to, oh, there's been a mistake. I'm not supposed to be here. I'm supposed to be in New York and Right. And then I got to New York. And I was like, oh, well, I'm finally home. And they're like, you're the most Midwestern looking guy I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. So it's true. I realized how Midwestern I was when I left The, because we look plain. We look plain, we look plain Movie blend in. We Yeah. And it's A sexiness. Right? Beautiful. Think Midwestern, they think Sexy You know are playing You. know Tim Walls, sexy You know stuff Like that. S snap the overalls and let's get after it. Sean. Sean be Oh, Sean, be honest. How, how long between now and when are you, have you started looking at Rascals online?


Are you like, what speed am I gonna get? Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking Are you just Eating your way into a rascal right now? Is that, is that the end goal? You special tires on that mag or anything? Spinners. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I mean. Jim, you're the greatest. Oh, well thanks, thanks for being, being here today. You're such a funny dude. Fun. Very nice of you to spend some time with us. I appreciate it. We're all big fans of yours. Yeah. You're such a consistent Next steak dinner You know when I wait. You know your table, please Tip You. know what I mean? Some of it's for the bus boys And we'll act Like Will's gonna pick it up next time. Next I'm gonna pick, I pick it up all the time. Yeah. Would you, if, if we're ever here in New York again and we say, Hey, we're gonna go to Strip house, would you join us?


I would totally do that. Okay. I would love to see a set at the, at Gotham first that would No, I love it because there's certain excuses. Like when I go out with Seinfeld, I'm like, it's like Jerry wants me to have pizza and my wife's like, I understand. But if I'm just You know, hanging out, You know. There has to be a reason behind it. Yeah. And, you guys are You know very high status. Wow. Sure. Yeah. We're worth the cholesterol. Yeah. I love it. Wow. Jimmy. The skinny. The Skinny. The skinny on Hulu. Thanks for being here, pal. We love you and thanks for making us laugh for 70, 75 years. Thanks dude. Yeah, thanks Jim. Thanks Jim. Bye. See you bud.


Will I think you look? 12? Okay. Thank You. That's my opinion. I Can't believe he said that. I really, it found it very hurtful and You know what, And he started Kim kicked the door down with it, didn't he? Yeah. Started right out with it. You know why I think he's got a crush on me. Yeah, you are a little intimidated. That's the way I You know. That's the way I gotta, I gotta frame it. I'm proud of you for working right through that You know that could have wrecked the whole interview, but No, you didn't let it happen. I Love that. He, I love that he doubled down on it Over and over. I. think Gavin Newsom. It's my kind of joke. It's my kind. I love it. Gavin Newso. Gavin Newsom's Dad's dad. Mr. Newso. Mr. Newsom.


Oh, he is doing a new sitcom called Mr. Newsom About Yeah. You know. You should, you should send your headshot to, to Lor Michaels if Newsom makes a run at it on the next, the next Oh My God. Election cycle. I know, isn't he he's one of those guys who, when you watch him doing a special, like you said, Jason, he's so, he's so calm. Like he's not like a, he's not like a loud in your face kinda, right. Yeah. You See him, you just kind of start with a grin. He doesn't even need to. Yeah, he doesn't need need to be talking yet. You know. Yeah. He's, he's authentic. And he's, and he's such a nice guy too. Oh, Oh my God. I love Him. He's so nice. Yeah. I love him. Huge, huge fan. I'm glad we had him. I'm trying to think of a buy.


Okay. And. I looked up, sending Him finally seeing your honesty. Finally, by the way, look at this photo that just got sent. Oh my God. Is that Ricky? Wait, so you looked up synonyms? Yes. Or syn or cinnamon treats. I, I cut you off. What? I have two, I have two tabs open. Okay. Cinnamons near me, By the way. That sounds so good, Right? Yeah. I love that. Well, just after your mac and cheese, you guys can jump in a cab. Yeah. I love mac and cheese. So there's like, there's v There we go. There's through, there's a cross. There's a long, there's near, there's there's a beyond.


There's also a Buy. Oh, synonyms to buy. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Like, well, but what you did is you spelt it wrong. Oh, I did spell, spell it wrong. You need to need to, the prompt needs to be to BYE. I Did spell it wrong. Oh my God. Okay, ready? So there's a Take your time Shawn Arva deci raw off saying there's Cheerio. No, but we need, sorry. You do not understand the concept. You need to put the word by into the ba. We don't need a synonym. A ruchi is not gonna help you get to a buy. Here's the Thing, we've we've been doing it so long. Yeah, right. And I Wanna blow my brains out? Yeah. Well you wanna blow your brain, but, so whatever we come up with, fine. But for our audience, we just gotta make sure that they buy.


Oh Man, that's snuck off on me. My, that was good. That was really good. Smart. Less Smart less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry Rob Arm Jar and Bennett Barco Smart Less.


When you give a gift from Ll Bean, you're giving favorites in the making. Designed with thoughtfulness and care like the popular made to do it all. Puffer, blanket, light, warm, packable, and and fun graphics. It's the perfect gift for campers, snugglers, fire pit storytellers, outdoor concert goers and more. It even has snaps at the top so you can wear it like a cape this holiday. Find out why there's nothing like something from LL Beam Shop, the puffer blanket and more favorites at Ll Bean dot com slash gifts.