
Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase Plus, shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change.


Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars. Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Okay. Not flying cars, but as soon as those get invented, they'll be on Autotrader, snap. But they do have extensive search features. And Kelley Blue Book, my Wallet, a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So whether you want something practical with no surprise costs or the latest trends. If you see a car you like, find it on Autotrader.


This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure. It gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is that applying is quick and easy. Apply in the Wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs, bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Hey guys. You hear that Creak in the door. That's the opening to the cold. Oh, wow. It's the cold, cold open. Right? Stop trying to explain the cold open every time we do a cold open. Yeah, I know. So a creek in the door. Are you guys up for a podcast record? Yeah. We got a great guest today. I can't wait. Whose guest is it? I don't know, but I can't wait to talk to Bruce. It's gonna be Somebody. Fire up the music. Welcome to a new SmartLess. Smart. Less smart. Less smart.


Less. Did you go late last night, Willie? How's it going, listener? We're in, we're in the second day of what the business tree calls principle photography on, on Will's. Yeah. Will's project. And so far so good. That's what I'm thinking So Far so good, man. You know, who knows whos so exciting? So far so good. I love it. Very excited. Yeah. But you know a lot, like if something's gonna be sideways, you can, you can smell it on the first day. Y Yes. And, and no, it feels, yeah, it feels good. I mean, you know, I, Do you want me to take a look at the footage or Do you mind? Yeah, you Just sent it. Yeah. Happy, Happy to do a pass.


Email it. Yeah, I'll just Email it and then a minute later, couple things Already. Yeah, right. Wait, JB how's your thing going? How are you feeling down there? Great, great fun. Fun, Fun. Yeah. How about that? Yeah. Oh, that's good. But I'm back home with the, with the kitties and the mommy. And I saw Frannie's Frannie's doing a musical, her, her last show at, at her school as a senior. When is senior? It, they're do, it's tonight is the final night. They're doing Mean Girls that Wow. Tina Faye did with her husband. Yeah. The book in music With Jeff. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. With Jeff. I would've loved to have gone to see that. And It's really good. Oh, wow. It's What a great show. I wish I would've seen it on Broadway too.


Does She have a big part? She does, yeah. That's great. Yeah. I'm, it's very, I'm very proud of her. Well, I see you tomorrow, Jason. Yes. You know. No. Okay, great. Great. No, well wait, Are you? Yes. You Know, are you going or are you, Oh, you're going to the, a little ga gathering a little party thing. Yeah. What are you gonna do? Are you gonna I'm gonna skip that and I'm gonna go to our friend's house. Oh, you're Gonna go to that gathering, JB Yeah. Yeah. Now, Willie, what are you, what are you gonna do for the big listener? We're talking about Hollywood's self-congratulatory evening of the Oscars, right? Yeah. Right, right, right, right. We're we're taping this on the eve of the Oscars, right?


Yeah. Yeah. So Willie, you're gonna, you're gonna watch with some friends at all, or are you gonna stop your lines and go to bed early? I think that if I had been there, I would've gone with you guys to that. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't have skipped, I would've come with you. I probably would've come in the car with you and Amanda, like we've done before. Yeah. And Sean and Scotty. But I guess Sean is too big for that now or something. Yeah. I don't know. Huge. Well, he wanted Tony and then he is like, I don't, I don't have time for it. Yeah. I need a follow van and, Yeah. Yeah. No, you guys, I drove you guys. Who's Gonna Carry my shoes? Oh, you did. You did. No, we remember we met at my hou last year. We met at my house and I came down 'cause I was still doing, putting on my talks or whatever it was. And I just hear Jason, I just hear Jason rummaging through my pantry looking, looking for stuff That, and also rummaging through my nose.


He pulled my nose hairs out. Yeah. Oh. Oh, yes. Well, you know, there was a lot of cameras on these nights, you know? I know. It's not a radio. He, he really did. You know what? It's funny that we're talking about this big night because our guest today, Oh. And this is, let's just Get Will. What? Do you got a lunch? Well, no, but normally we, normally, normally you're like, oh, what's the segue? And this couldn't be more perfect, like the moment you mentioned it, because, well, first of all, he's had, he's been nominated for two Academy Awards. Oh my God. And yeah. Yeah. I mean, he's been nominated for, I don't know, 12 Emmys. He's won six. Oh, This isn't some garbage guest. No, no, no. Buckle up you guys. This is a garbage. Every once in a while we class it up over here.


Yeah. And this to me is like gold standard, classic it up, actors, actor. I mean, this is one of those guys that I've, every performance of his, I adore. I love watching him. And we all have, over the years, he won. Hi. He wanted Tony in his Broadway debut, Sean. So take that. Oh gosh. Yeah. So he's got you licked. And then he, he's gone on to have so many more awards and nominations that it is countless. I think he's got like two or three Golden Globes. He's got all sorts of, I mean, he's just incredible. And we know him from, he won Tony for the Changing Room. He was nominated for the World according to Garp. We loved him on Third Rock for the Mosan. I loved him. But this Is Churchill, John Lithgow. It's John Lithgow.


Gentlemen. Gentlemen, this is so exciting. Gold standard. Wait, and John, you just got cast in Harry Potter, your dumble, there's All sorts of news gentlemen. So much stuff. So excited. And we were just talking about you yesterday. This is so bizarre. Oh, God. Sean. Sean. Sean. I'm gonna, John, first of all, welcome to SmartLess. What an honor to have you on the show today. Yeah, that honor is completely mine, you guys. It's a fantastic podcast. Truly, Truly, truly. And, and, and I was excited and, and we're all excited, but I know Sean Sean's been excited because John, you were quite literally raised in the theater. Yeah. Is that true? Well, yes, it's true. I was a theater rat from actually the first acting I ever did.


I was about two years old. Wow. One of Nora's children in a doll's house with my father playing great play tour vault. Wow. Wow. I, and I, I remember absolutely nothing about it, but I told, I'm told I was very good. Yeah. So that, that was the beginning of things. But I was, you know, you Set the Bar Hyatt too. Yeah. There were no supporting actor nods back at that age. But did You see, did you get a chance to see Doll's House part two? Yes. On Broadway, of course, with Lori Great. Met. That show's fantastic. I love that show. And I love Lori MetCast. So, Yeah. So then was, was there any other thing that ever got into your head that you might be doing with your life?


Or was it just like, that was It? No, from a very young age, I thought I should be an artist. I wanted to be an artist. I, I sort of had a, a a a facility and parents that encouraged that and bought me wonderful art supplies. And I had great public school art teachers, and I was very serious about it. Did it start with drawing? Drawing and painting and printmaking. But but meantime, just as a, like, my dad produced summer Shakespeare festivals, and that was my summers was hanging around watching rehearsals, being in the plays as, as like a fairy and mid some night's dream or a a foot soldier.


And in fact, by the time I was a teenager, I was playing bits and pieces in Shakespeare Wow. In repertory. Like seven plays a summer. Wow. A a crazy childhood in Ohio. Now, you might not be the, the right person to answer this, but I, I've, I've always had a, a fear of even trying Shakespeare because I think that it would be almost impossible for me to learn the lines because it's basically a different language. Yeah. But since you started so young, did, was that, was that a a hurdle for you? Or do, do you think I'd How difficult a thing is that? Not at all. I, I mean, you, you're right. I, I had the great good luck to just hear that language all the time.


Yeah. But it is a learning another language, or at least feeling that it is a natural way of communicating. Yeah. Right. You certainly can't paraphrase. No. Right. You, you have to be precise. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's you, you're not throwing, you're not throwing a lot of like, I mean, and Right. You know, like Yeah. You know, although, you know, there's wonderful Shakespeare that completely breaks all the rules. Yeah. There was a wonderful production of much a do about nothing in New York in my 1970s theater days with Sam Waterston and Ooh, Kathleen Widows. And it was set in Teddy Roosevelt's America.


Oh, interesting. Kind of ragtime music and Like contemporized the dialogue a Bit. Yeah. Contemp coming back from World War I and it was as, as spirited, it captured the spirit of Shakespeare better than most productions, huh? Yeah. I've I've seen a few of those. Yeah. Sometimes you see those. I remember seeing a pr what was it at Guild Hall, I thought in London it was like, and everybody's on motorcycles and stuff. And then, and then of course Ray Fines, when he did Hamlet on Broadway was incredible. I really loved that. Back in the nineties. I thought that was pretty remarkable. And, but so, so John, so you grow, so your, your dad was a produced theater and, and your mom was an, was an actress, is that right? She retired actress. She, she was, but she, I never really knew her as an actor.


She retired early and just surf, kept track of the, of the family. I mean, we literally lived in about eight different places. It was a Wow. It was, we were like a vaudeville troupe, except it was Shakespeare, Which is, that's pretty cool. Just in your blood. And then you go and then, and then you graduated from high school in New Jersey, I think from in Princeton, New Jersey. Right. Your dad was there Working. That's right. Princeton High. Yeah, Princeton High. And then you went to, and then you went to Harvard. Yeah. Nice. You cont I know. And you continued your, and, and you were there and you were studying what, at Harvard, English? His and Literature very scholarly major. Yes, totally. But I, but I fell in with the theater gang immediately. And that's when it happened.


That, that's when I decided you, you know, I was already like a seasoned actor by pure osmosis. Right. I had just been around actors that I and my siblings were like best friends with all these young theater actors, mainly sort of graduates from Carnegie Tech who'd come down to do my dad's Shakespeare festivals. I had lived in that world. So it just came very naturally. And, and I was a campus star at Harvard. And if you're a star at anything at Harvard, you'd better go with the flow. 'cause that is a competitive place. I wasn't good at anything but acting there. Yeah. Yeah.


What about your, what about your siblings? Did they do, did they go into the same, same field? No, my both my sisters were teachers and wonderful teachers. And they, and they directed the student theater. Oh, really? And they, they were, and my dad, my older brother was an airline pilot who then retired and worked for the FAA No way. Wait, did he, did he fly big commercial planes? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my. Wow. Charter flights. I, I was never in an airplane that he was piloting No. On Purpose, maybe. No. Maybe that was against the rules. I don't know. But he, That would unsettle me. I, I like, I like that whole sense that I'd never really see the pilot.


You do love that. Yeah. Because I just don't feel like it's something humans should even be able to do. It's so specialized and fly a To fly a Plane. It's just like, how do you, how do you do that? You know, if they, they become human to me, then all the, all the flowables go along with it. But wait, but what? But you pa but as you board it, you passed. You're just not looking into the cockpit. Yeah. I just look Right. I look right. Jason, John, you have to, you have to, John, you have to understand something about Jason. He has very interesting ways of compartmentalizing things and putting things in certain, it's, it's always fa Right. Sean is always fascinating. It's amazing to me. And, and you're such an Jason, you're such an easy flyer too. As, and these guys know, I get quite nervous and Jason, just like, you never get phased.


You're like, you give into the right once youre on there. I do. I hit fuck it real quick. Yeah. And, and, well, my mom was a stewardess for flight attendant for Pan Am for 30 some years. So I like, you know, I would always get nervous when she'd leave, but she always came home and I'm like, well, you know, all Yeah. I, I would always fly, I would always make sure I flew the first flight out in the morning So I didn't sleep. So when I got on the plane, I was so exhausted. I didn't care what happened. Oh, oh, oh. I thought, I thought you were flying the first one out because you thought that that one had the best, best odds of landing. Well, that's true. The first flight. Yeah. When I, I, my favorite airline pilot story beyond my brother's.


Many, many stories. When I was in world, according to Garp playing Roberta Maldoon, I wasn't Amazing. Way ahead of his Time. Wasn't Cadging for Applause, gentlemen? No, You're gonna get it on. No, but there's a wes the audience here. I love it. That it's Amazing. Well, at, at a certain point, early in the flight, the flight attendant came back, this woman in a Delta Pilots uniform. Sure. And she crouched next to me and said how much she appreciated me as Roberta Muldoon and said, Roberta and I have a lot in common. Ah, wow. And it was, it was one of many amazing transactions with Yeah. With trans people way back.


This was 40 years ago. Yeah. No, I, John, John, John, do you remember, Just while, just, just while we're on the flight thing, John, do you remember we met on a flight? Oh. And and you probably don't remember it. And I think that I dropped my, or you dropped your license and I found your license and I handed it to you. Do you remember that? Yes, Of course. I remember that years ago. Yeah. I would've kept that. In fact, I, I, I always regretted that I hadn't, I hadn't recalled that when we actually worked together. 'cause we did work together. We sort of did and didn't when we did live in front of a studio audience When we did exactly right. Oh, Which one were you on? I was, I was on the same evening as Will and Jason, although they were in the Facts of life and I was in different strokes.


So we, we didn't really interact except at the parties. I did all in the family. And It was really fun. Wasn't, wasn't, wasn't that fun. Wasn't Fabulous. That fun. Oh, now if I'd found John Lithgow driver's license, I would've kept that. Yeah. That would've just been, that would've just been a great little thing. Just keep on. Well, He was across the aisle, So I couldn't really, you know what? I would've felt bad. So, so No, that was the first time we met and Yeah. And Sean, you and I used to be neighbors on the lot at Radford when were That's right. Third Rock. Yeah. Back in the day. That was so many great shows being shot there at that time. It was one lot. Yeah. It was kind of Amazing. All yelling distance from each other.


Did You like doing, John, you had such a facility, obviously because of your, your intense theater background and your upbringing in the theater. Did you like, and Sean, I'll go to you and also Jason. 'cause you all three of you guys have such, you know, storied, sitcom, careers, All of us. You, you Do it. What did you And and I and I did too, but I, I but I, what did you, did you like that experience of making a, a a, a multi-camera show? I absolutely loved it. Just, you know, those, I consider those, it, it was like the six happiest years as an actor. Just yeah. Just interacting with, with this great writing staff. The Third Rock staff was so terrific and it was so inane, just spending all your time figuring out the funny Yeah.


And, and entertaining a studio audience on just like three days rehearsal. I just, yeah. Right. And you get a fresh script the next week. Yeah. And Third Rock, of course was just flat out Nutball farce. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's Great. I never thought I would do that. In fact, I, I, something happened and I forgot it ever happened. I was asked to be Frazier on Cheers. Oh wow. Oh my God. I Didn't, I didn't know that. And I turned it, turned it down out of hand. Yeah. I honestly didn't even remember it had happened until Jimmy Burroughs reminded me years and years later when he directed Third Rock. Yeah. Just because at that point, you know, I had a few movies under my belt.


I had Yeah. A couple of Oscar nominations. Yeah, sure. It was so beneath my dignity. Right. I was So, I was such an asshole, A pretentious asshole. But, You know, I worked on Saturday Night Live, I hosted Saturday Night Live Yeah. Three times in the eighties. And two of those times Bonnie and Terry Turner were on the writing staff. Wow. They pitched it to me. And when they pitched it to me, suddenly it seemed like so much fun and Right. And they, they, I was the only person they could even imagine playing Dick Solomon, because it had to be an alien who was completely clueless, but could try anything.


Yeah. Yeah. That's so great. And what a catch. Joseph Gordon Levitt and Oh, it was a wonderful Johnston. Yeah. Jane Cur, it's so, and Jane Curtain. Of course. Yeah. And, and the long process of casting, it was so exciting because, was it, Did it take a long time? A long time? Because in each case it had, we had to figure out just who, what is this comic idea? Right. You know, a a a general who has to inhabit the body of a woman became Kristen Johnston. Yeah. Well, think about that little man as if, If you French, if you went to pitch it, John, well, if you went to pitch that idea, it's it's pretty high concept. You're like, what's the show? Okay, so here it is. Right. Aliens pitch. And the network would be like, wait a second, what? Well, they had already, it was already a go.


They came to me to pitch it. And that's exactly what Terry Turner, he said, I, he said, well, it's about this family of aliens. And of course, I, I had been sort of go, Go on, I'd been tricked into the meeting. I thought I was just having a meeting with my friends, Bonnie and Terry, but Cy and Werner, and they, they were all there. And I thought, my God, how do I say no to this fast enough? Yeah. But in, in five minutes, he had brought me around. I, i, it just seemed suddenly like, what in the world have I been waiting for? Did you have any idea that it might go as long as it did? Or do you think it was kind of gonna be a pilot and out or maybe half a season?


Well, it was a freaky situation because when we finally produced the show, we had done the pilot and it was picked up all right. By NBC, but it was picked up as a mid-season replacement. So we had done 13 of them before anybody had seen it, you know, well into this. We had realized, oh my God, we really have something here. We, we felt like we had the whole diamond in our pocket. I mean, you know, you know how cocky you can get when you have been working hard enough on something, you persuade yourself, it's great, you're in your Bubble. Yeah. But we were able to sort of frontline all the great episodes we had, had those 13 episodes to figure out the funny, to, to figure out what this show was.


You know, in so many cases, you go back and see the original pilot episode of a great show like Seinfeld and you realize they hadn't found it yet. Yes. Yeah. Right. Well, we, we had 13 chances to find it. And, and it, it was released mid-season in January and bam just hit like That. You, you know, there's a sort of a freedom in that, in that, in that, in the sense that yes, you, you, you can feel that you have something, but there is an absence of ego because there's, it hasn't been received yet. Right. So you, there's a purity to that. And I remember in, in, on a smaller scale, but when Jason, when we did rest of the Velman, we shot so many before it aired. And I remember in that time, in that bubble from sort of that year, from July till November, we were just making this thing, and there was nobody watching us.


And there was a freedom in that of nobody watching. Right. Don't have to protect anything. Yeah. You don't Have to protect anything. Just you don't have anything to lose. Yeah. Well, it's a, it's a high wire act. You can take chances and you can, and you're not worried because there's, there's nobody watching. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. It gives, it just gives you a chance to find it. And you had the, a added challenge. We at least had a studio audience and Yeah. When they laughed, we knew we were funny. Right, right. You, you know, so in a, in a sense, you were, you were flying blind until act people actually saw it. And we will be right back.


You know how people say sleep is the cousin of death, what interesting family dinners they must have then. Right? Wouldn't that be nice to listen to that? Can anyone really say something bad about sleep? No. All anyone wants is rejuvenating deep sleep. That's it for that. There's Helix Mattress. You guys know where I'm going with this? Because we've talked about it for a long, long time. And the reason we've talked about it is because it's so fantastic to sleep on. One, you'll find what you're looking for with Helix variety of mattresses that are engineered to fit your needs. Whether you struggle with night sweats, back pain, motion transfer, you name it. Helix has a mattress to help you get the kind of sleep that you've always dreamt of. And we can all say it together because we've heard me say it so many times. What kind of mattress do I have? I have a dusk lux, and I'm here to tell you about it because I've slept so well on it. Go to Helix sleep.com/smartlist for 20% off sitewide. That's Helix sleep.com/smartlist for 20% offsite wide. Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess.


SmartLess is sponsored by Liquid iv. So one of my things that I'm trying this year, really trying hard, is to wake up earlier. I wake up like my alarm will go off like a lot of people I know, and they'll hit it. And you'll, I really try to force myself to get outta bed and hop in the shower the minute I wake up in the morning. So whatever you guys decide to do to try this year, come into your own, your own way with extraordinary hydration from Liquid IV with flavors like their new hydration multiplier, sugar-free raspberry lemonade, a bright zero sugar blend of ripe, freshly picked raspberries and citrus zesty lemon, just one stick plus 16 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. Break the mold and your own ritual. So the first thing I do is hydrate myself in the morning. Make sure that I don't have to think about it for a few hours. And drinking Liquid IV makes me kind of check that box the first thing I get out of bed. Embrace your ritual with extraordinary hydration from Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


Hey guys, it's spring cleaning time. Let's start with your mop, because that overgrown winter hair isn't doing you any favors at Sport Clips, haircuts. They've got pro stylists who know men's hair TV's playing sports 24 7. And a place built for guys to get a great cut without the hassle. No appointments, no stress, just a fresh cut and a place made for you. So shake off the Winter scruff and step into Spring looking fresh because they got you covered Sport Clips. It's a game changer.


And now back to the show. So here's an interesting, so you leave Harvard and then you go on a, I think like a Fulbright scholarship or something to Lambda, is that right? Is that right? That's right, Yeah. And two Years from London. I mean, so you go and, and I've always marveled that, you know, we, we have plenty of really amazing talent that comes outta the UK that comes and works over here. And, and they've, they've all been really well trained and they, and they're very respected and it's a difficult thing to go the other direction. I think that there's a little bit Right, it's, it, I think it's a harder, i i it just is, or it at least the perception is that it is. And I, and I thought that it was, you know, it's a real testament to your ability as an actor and as an art.


I hate to bring it to you, you said you're not gonna be an artist you wanted, you are an artist. Yeah. And you went over there and, and really, you know, just sort of jumped right into, into that and, and being a performer over there overseas and, and you did a lot of theater over there as well. You did Shakespeare in England as an American. Yeah. That's gotta be wild. Well, I, as I say, I did have this head start with my curious upbringing. Yeah. And, and it's, it's true that a lot more people flow in our direction than the other way around. But I think it's because Shakespeare really is the spine of the, the English School of Acting. And I had done a lot of Shakespeare, and that's not true of many American actors.


Right. But it, in the other direction, there's plenty of American culture. I mean, you'll get Australian actors and English actors who you can't believe how authentic their, their language is their, they, they don't even need a dialect coach by now. They've, they've been watching, they've been watching friends, all these Oh, their Whole lives. But, but at the same time. But then you go and you do, and I wanted to get to this, which was, I, I you've so many amazing performances that I've just really enjoyed and adored like everybody else over the years. But you go on and you take an iconic character in The Crown, you play Winston Churchill, which I think that for my, for my money, and this is no disrespect to anybody else who's ever played Winston Churchill.


To me it's the defining Winston Churchill and I, I I was so riveted by it. Every it's right. It's incredible. Yeah. Amazing. J Jason, I know you haven't watched The Crown. You have to see it just for John. It's, It's mind blowing. Yeah. It's like, it's incredible performance, John. You can't get more iconic for an English character than Winston Churchill. Well, it was kind of astonishing that they even asked me to do it. But I, I mean, so much of it was the way they situated Churchill in that story. It, it wasn't a history historical drama. It was like almost a family drama. It was, it was a extremely intimate and personal look at Churchill with all of his eccentricities and, and infirmities and insecurities.


And that's very much what I took off from. Must have been daunting though. It was very scary. Except that all the English actors welcomed me in. They had more confidence in me than than I had in myself. And I just went to, to, to work at it. I, I found, you know, the most interesting thing I did in all my research, what I found was reading all about him as a child and as a boy and as a young man, tremendously insecure growing up, a failure with very neglectful parents and just feeling like a screw up. Like there had had been so many expectations of him that he would, so that so many things in his life were pure overcompensation.


So you approach your old age and to me, all the characteristics you had in childhood kick in that I sort of worked from that. And I think that that's what people thought was kind of new about it. Hmm. That is Interesting. Interesting. Yeah, he did. And he, and he had such and childhood and his, and his, his adult life was very, was varied in the things that he did. Right. Yeah. Sort of head of the admiralty and all that kind of stuff. Right. But so many huge successes and colossal failures Yes. And kind of constantly recovering one from another, like a parabola. I, you know, I asked Stephen Daldry, the director, why he had cast me. I'd said Yes. And we sat down for breakfast and his first response was, well, Churchill's mother was an American.


And that's true. She was this Baltimore aristocrat. That's right. So there was as much difference between an American Winston Churchill and Englishmen, who are not Winston Churchill. He was quite an anomaly. And I think that that came in handy. That's so interesting. What about, was it as challenging as playing the Reverend and Footloose? That Was a challenge in its own way, just because Are you bummed you didn't cut loose? I, I, She, she hated that one. I felt like, you know, it was, it was actually foot loose. I, I go back and look at Footloose now, and I think that was a really good movie. It's a great movie. I love that Movie.


There was so much meat on the Bone. Herbert Herbert Ross, the director and Dean Pitchford who wrote it, they really took this story seriously. Yeah. Yeah. And I felt I had to take this character Reverend Shaw more seriously. And I, who have virtually no religion in me had to. I I actually sought out a preacher. I really, in the Yellow Pages, I in the Yellow Pages, I looked up the, an Assembly of God ministry and, and called up and sought spiritual advice. Wow. Wow. And I, Hey, would you Share that? Will you share that contact with Jason? That'd be great. You could use, But I, I felt, I felt I had to find someone who truly believed what he was doing.


Yeah. If I'm, if I'm gonna imitate it. And Course. Well, and then, and then I'm sure you apply that to conclave and you were amazing in conclave. Yeah. Incredible. What a beautiful Movie. That was a, that was a fabulous job. Yeah. That was two months. Two months in Rome with Stanley Tucci and Isabella Rosaline. Amazing. I love that Movie. How do you, I I would imagine that you are flooded with scripts or opportunities or, or conversations about parts in so many different things and genres because you have done so many different things, different genres. No one could say that you are a, a television actor, film actor, a stage actor, comedy drama, big parts, small parts.


Yeah. You've just done everything. And at such a high level for so long. How are you able, what, what, what's, what's the, what's the main thing that drives you towards your decisions? Because I, well, look, Jason, we're all actors. You, you know perfectly well. We don't do nearly as much choosing as everybody thinks we do. Yeah, that's true. True. You just wait. You, you wait for good things and good people and good writing. And it's very rare. I I I honestly feel like all the, almost all the roles that you just rattled off almost em embarrassing. It's so complimentary. But none of them are things that I sought out or even knew about.


I was somebody else's brainstorm. Right. And it, it's like, I remember Jonathan Demi did a little television film years ago called, who Am I this time about some hapless, community theater actor whom everybody kept coming to to play. The, the roles have always been a surprise to me. Right. And it's a testament to your talent that, that you're able to craft your, your, your take on the character in such a way where you're able to play it really well. You know, it's like, it becomes, you're like, okay, so this is the opportunity I'm being given this this month or this year. And So I better figure out a way to play it. Well, 'cause it's the only part that's coming down the pike.


Yeah. I mean, it, it's sort of an overly humble Way. Well, yeah. And, and, and I'm game, I guess I'm best known for being ready, willing, and able. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's, and that's no small thing, by the way To Yeah. And it's very cockeyed. I I just saw the premiere of a film I did with Jeffrey Rush last year called The Rule of Jenny Penn, which I urge you to look up. It's about to be released in, you know, sort of very narrow release 'cause it's a very bold and crazy film. A psychological suspense thriller. Okay. In which I play by far the most outrageous character I played since Dr. Lozado. And he is, he is the monster in a horror movie.


He really is. He's a crazy guy who's Oh, fun. Out to torment Jeffrey Rush in a senior care facility in New Zealand. I mean this, wow. This is a crazy film. And it is great. I read that script, you know, this wonderful young director in New Zealand named James Ashcroft. He said, I've got to have you play this part. And I, I was terrified of doing this. Yeah. Like, my God. But I, I reminded myself It's the things that you're afraid of that. Yeah. But what, what is that thing that you do? What is that moment of, of, of fear when you were able to turn, when you read it and he says, I it has to be you. And you look at it and you say, oh, I, I don't know. I don't know what this is.


I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I'm, maybe I'll fail to What is the moment, what is the thing that the voice that says take the jump off the Cliff? I think it usually comes from a conversation or a zoom call with the filmmaker. If, if there's a matter of trust, you do it. And, and I've been wrong before. God knows we've all been wrong before. But this, like, I read, I read Jenny Penn and I thought, this is horrific. Who isn't in the world, is gonna want to see this. And I spoke to this guy James Ashcroft for an hour and a half, and he just was so persuasive. I just saw so far beyond my first reaction to the script.


It's just a matter of being wide open to trusting somebody and, and being ready to take a chance. 'cause God knows there are plenty of times when it doesn't work out, but you've gotta be bold. Yeah. Does the criteria change for you now at this stage? Like, I notice as I'm getting older, the, my decision to, in terms of working this again, goes to kind of, to everybody, do your, your mindset changes, the things that are important to you change. Is that true or no? Is it al is there a sort of a guiding light for you? Is it, I wanna do something that challenges me, or I wanna do something that's fun, or I wanna do something that fits my schedule? Or does that shift? I mean, you, you know what I mean? What is the criteria?


I, I just think there's so many factors in every case and it always surprises you one way or another. It's basically, is this gonna be good? Is this gonna be fun? Are people gonna wanna see this? And am I working? Is it good writing with good people? I always say the only hard acting is bad writing. Yeah. You know, you guys or shitty people, you know, having to like, you know, share 12 hours a day with a, a bunch of jerks Yeah. Is Not fun. And you just try to steer clear of that sometimes. Yeah. You can't, you can't avoid it. Yeah. And you, sometimes you take things for the wrong reasons and you pay for it. Yeah. How do you factor in? Where does, where does, where does family, friends, location, all that stuff.


Yeah. How does that all factor in? Tell tell us a little bit about, about your, I don't know anything about your personal life. Tell, tell me all, tell me all the things you don't wanna say. So sweet of you to ask Jason. That's a huge factor. Yeah. I've been married 43 years to my wife Mary, who's a's UCLA professor of Oh wow. Of history, economic and business history. Wow. We are an an unlikely couple. You know, God never meant professors and actors to get married because our lives are so different. Yeah. She's constantly having to adapt to these crazy right angle turns.


I keep taking, I, I mean, just think being asked to play Dumbledore is contemplating literally years in England. Yeah, I know. Yes. And that just disrupts everything. Right? Yeah. We, we have, we have two kids. I have a third by my first marriage and I have three grandkids with another on the way. And, you know, going to England, how, how are we gonna go back and forth? Their lives are very installed here. Yeah. Family is hugely important to me. And it's quite, we are quite exclusive. You know, we're, we're a kind of quiet little family. Yeah. And we get wrenched all over the place. So for a long time when I was asked to do a play in New York, my first, in, my first reaction was, where are we gonna live?


Because we were, I was so used to house sits and sublets and apartment hotels. We finally just splurged and bought a beautiful New York apartment. So we find, so it just, just So I won't have that reaction. Right. I can think of living a wonderful life in New York when I'm doing a New York play. Yeah. And I never wanna stop doing that. By the way, Sean, I have to ask you, are you gonna play Oscar Lavant again? 'cause I missed it. And at The Barkin and this summer in London, I will see you. I will see you. Oh good. Thank you. I will be there. That'd be great. I'll be there in, in the first weeks of, of Dumbledore. Oh, that's great. And I'm, and I'm doing a play in the West End that you I will be, there'll be able to see it's called, I did it at the Royal Court in the fall, and it's moving to the West End in April.


What's it called? It's called Giant. A play about Royal Doll in which play. Oh Wow. Great. Wow. Which was this from a smash hit at the little Royal Court Theater. But I will finally be able to see. That'd be great. Oh God. You'll not Be disappointed. It's so, it's just So cool. No, 'cause I, I saw little clips of it and heard, heard so many friends rave about it. And I was so upset I had missed it. You know, it's on my list of those things that I kicked myself. That's very nice of you. I appreciate that. Yeah. Come see. We'll have dinner or whatever. Oh, He won. He wanted Tony for it. Of course. When you mentioned it earlier, he wanted Tony and, and which gets shun. Don't be watching him act embarrassed is so embarrassing. Yeah. Because I think he's good.


And then he tries to play embarrassment and then he tries To, it's so terrible. But John, but John, you, you, I mentioned you won, you won a Tony your first time, your first outing on Broadway, Which was for what, what was it for The changing It was for the changing room in English play. Oh, the changing Room Room. Sorry. Sorry. You said That by David's story, which incidentally was first produced at the Royal Court Theater where we did Oh Wow. Where we did this play Giant. So this was full of coming back That circle. That's wild. That's cool. Full of circle. But you, I mean, imagine coming out in your first, your first production on Broadway. You win at Tony. You, you're sort of, you're shot out of a cannon as it were. And you must think like, okay. It's like, it would be like to try to, for Tracy, it'd be like winning the Super Bowl your first year in the NFL.


Right. Just thinking I'm gonna win a Super Bowl every year. Right, right. Was There a little bit of that? Well, it was astonishing. I mean, the changing Room, it was a play that we did. It was the American premiere of this it extraordinary play about a English north of England rugby team. It takes place in their changing room. Mm. Sort of super realistic. I'll read For that. Yeah. It's, it's a great, a great thing that we did at the Long Wharf Theater in, in New Haven. Yes. And it got a lot of national press and moved to Broadway until then, I had done Rep for both, for my dad. And I had actually started directing just 'cause nobody would hire me as an actor.


I was actually doing Wow. Just fine as a director. I, I'd been hired to be the artistic director of Baltimore Center Stage and I had accepted Cool, what, what else? I've gotta work. Wow. And I pulled, I pulled out after two weeks when I was finally offered to be a member of the resident company at Long Wharf. The second show was Changing Room and it was brought to Broadway. And two weeks later I wanted Tony, how about that? It like, that's crazy. I didn't sleep for about two months. I was so excited. Yeah. That's really cool. That's amazing. It really did. It's very hard to get into that inner circle. I mean, in theater in particular in New York.


'cause nobody thinks of you as a successful actor until you're a successful actor. Right. Very high. Right. Well, speaking about that, having done it so long and at such a high level, do you find yourself still teaching yourself new tricks? Are are, are you, you work with, you work with that incredible cast like you just did in conclave. I I imagine it's impossible for you not to absorb something a little. Do you, do you, do you, are you still putting little pieces on your, your, your, your talent? Does it still change? I feel like there's, there's nothing I haven't done yet. Yeah. I mean, third Rock itself was like flying in all directions for six years.


It hasn't stopped me from the terrible insecurity of what do people think of me? Sure. In the first, in the first couple of weeks of rehearsal that Helped us concentrate Though, you know, I, you know, to be honest, even doing live in front of a studio audience. Yeah. I was nervous as hell that night. Yeah. Were you, I don't know. I don't know whether you guys had that experience. Yeah. Well, for Tracy, those were they, I know we said it already, but it, Jimmy Kimmel and Norman Lear put together on a, b, c, these recreations of old sitcoms. And we did them live. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's the one thing all four of us have in common that that's true. That's, I always brag to people that I've worked with Jason and Will.


But I, I would imagine though that, you know, you work across someone like, you know, Ray fines and like, how can you, how do you, how do you avoid not being distracted by watching somebody with that kind of talent and, and, and try to see what they're doing and maybe try it on a little bit for like, do you, do you find yourself at all being influenced by folks that working with, I mean, in the case of Raf it was just extraordinary, the interaction. Yeah. I, I, I worked, listen, over the last two years, I've done roles with Rae Fines, Olivia Coleman and Jeffrey Rush.


Good lord. And, and in big parts where the big intense scenes, you get to see what they do in each case. They give you so much. Yeah, yeah. It's all, it, it's, no, no performance is created by one person. It's Right. There's a minimum of two. Right. Because it's all about the interaction and playing off each other. Sure. And, and I just feel, I mean, thank goodness when I act with someone, they're pretty familiar with me. And I'm, I tend to be familiar with them. And if I'm not, I make myself friends with them. I, I just go right ahead and say, come on you guys, let's connect. Let's get to know each other. Yes. You Have to do that.


We'll be right back.


Have you met all modern, all modern thinks. Making your space modern with fresh furniture and decor should be easy. That's why all Modern's team of modern obsessed experts, hand vets each designed for quality. And not to mention they offer fast and free shipping. Yep. That means you can upgrade your home in days, not weeks. So whether you're updating your living room with a plush new sofa, setting up an Alfresco dining area with a modern table and shares, or designing a cozy fireside retreats all modern has everything for your modern outdoor escape. All in one place that's modern made for real life. Shop now@allmodern.com or visit them in store in Linfield and Deta, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.


Last year, Americans ate 32 billion chicken wings. Who knows just how many helpless sides of celery were heartlessly thrown away. But this year, celery neglect stops with you and irresistible Jif peanut butter because every bite counts and you can make a snack to make a difference. You can buy a jar of gif to save the celery.


Elevating your style used to mean breaking the bank. But with Quince, you get high-end versatile pieces at prices you can actually afford. Now you can upgrade your style by snagging killer luxury essentials that sink with your vibe and your wallet. Quince has all the must-haves like Mongolian cashmere sweaters from $50 iconic, 100% leather jackets and comfortable pants for every occasion. The best part, all quince items are priced 50 to 80% less than similar brands. And Quince only works with factories that use safe, ethical, and responsible manufacturing practices along with premium fabrics and finishes. It's still cold in LA at night. I know. It's hard to believe. It is really chilly here still. And I always grab my Mongolian cashmere sweater when I'm going out for dinner. I'm just going for a walk so my body stays nice and warm and cozy and comfy with that cashmere sweater. Indulge in affordable luxury. Go to quince.com/ SmartLess for free shipping on your order and 365 day returns. That's Q-U-I-N-C e.com/smartlist to get free shipping and 365 day returns. quince.com/smartlist.


And back to the show, What's the role that people stop you for the most? And when, when you're walking down the street, when you're on an airplane and you drop your license, when you, what is the thing that people say to you? I would say probably Third Rock Dexter and, and Winston Churchill. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But it, it tends to be the thing that is most current. I mean, an awful lot of things. Yeah. Right. Well get ready because the Harry Dumbledore and the Harry Potter series, it's gonna be massive. I know. You know, this is already, can you believe this has already started and it, it, the deal was only set like 48 hours ago and in airports two weeks ago, somehow or other people had gotten wind of this and they were stopping me in airports.


Oh yeah. Do you, have you, where are you in your process of educating yourself on, on the, the history of the whole canon? Well, I seem to be behind everybody. Every, I, I'm, I'm just, I am halfway through the second of these seven novels. Yeah. I think the overall concept of this entire reboot of Harry Potter is an entire season is devoted to a single novel. Oh, That's really cool. Did Have you guys read those? But I, I read the first one when it came out. 'cause it was, I mean, I was a little, it was, you know, I wasn't a kid anymore when it came out. And they were obviously, they were huge with, with children at that time and et cetera. And then, So I was like, well, I gotta read it 'cause I wanna see what everybody's talking about.


So I read the first one and then I didn't go any further. And then once I had kids of my own, I ended up reading all of them out loud to my voice. Oh, that's amazing. And I've, it's wonderful. I've never seen, I've never seen the films. Oh, I've only read all the books. You're my Or they are will, you're my audience. Yes. So, so Wait, really? They're so well made. They are really quick story. So do you know Darlene Hunt? She's a good friend of mine. She's a writer. Brilliant. She created the Big C Show. Oh yeah, yeah, of course. By the way, she's a great writer. And she, her girls were reading the books when they were really little. And she goes, well, we watch the movie after we read the a book. Right.


And she goes, we're on book four or something like that. I go, why don't you come over and we'll watch the book? We'll watch the thing for you. So she with your, with your family. So she's like, great, I'll pick up a pizza. We'll come over and blah, blah blah. So I go, you know what? We're gonna, we're gonna just go balls out. We're gonna make butter beer for your girls. We're gonna play the music when they walk in. Scotty dressed up as Harry Potter for Halloween ones. He's gonna put that stupid costume on for your girls. Like, it'll be, we'll make 'em feel like they're coming in. Right. The thing. And so she pulls up with a pizza dressed as Maggie Smith in the big pointy hat, you know? Wow. Professor McGonagal with a huge cape and she's all in black. And she wa she has a pizza in her hand. And she walks in, she's been to my house a million times.


She walks in and she sees this dog. She's like, that's weird. And she walks in further, I don't remember that dog. She walks in further and this guy's sitting at the kitchen table and goes, can I help you Uhoh? And she goes, isn't Sean and Scotty live here? And he goes, no, they're next door. So she walked into the wrong house dressed as a witch with a pizza. And the guy must have been like, What the fuck is going on? And she may have thought that the dog was a wizard. Yeah. You know, it was the most, it was the funniest, most embarrassing story. This is Another, another segment of Sean's called Loser Friday Nights. Hey, listen, Do you wait John, so speaking of this job, this gig that you're gonna have for many years, and we talked a little bit about it before, how are you going to do back and forth and how are your living situations?


I mean, do you have to be gone the whole year or you've gone like three months at a time or? I honestly don't know the answer to that, Sean. Is it, I mean, I was over in England for eight months for the Crown and barely came back. I think I may have come back once or twice. I imagine that I can come back much more. You know, Dumbledore is, he's kind of this the Yeah. The nuclear weapon. He only goes off. Yeah. Yeah. Very, very occasionally. And I think that, I don't think it's gonna be that hard a job. And we'll just go back and forth. Where do you like to live? Where do you like to live when you're in London? What's your favorite?


Well, I've lived in, we, we lived up in near Primrose Hill on the Crown. We lived near the Royal Court in Chelsea this past fall when I did the play. And I've had, oh God. They found a wonderful house for us in when I did the Crown and we just lived like Londoners right down the street from That Sounds so good. Derek Ee. So I love that. I love that. So, So I mean, it's, it's a wonderful thing to con contemplate. I mean, the logistics are, are a little bit scary. I really did have to think hard about whether to take it on, but I also thought, well, I'm about to turn 80, you know, next year.


No way. I'll turn, I'll turn. Is that true? That's the new fifties. It's absolutely true. You, I'm kidding. I'm not kidding. You look phenomenal. People ask me for my secret sauce, but as I feel I'm beginning to feel like 80. And that means that if thi, if this indeed is as seven or eight year long job, it's a wonderful way to grow old as an actor. Yeah. I mean the, the alternative is to just be hauled out once a year to play an Alzheimer patient or a Play a wise old wizard. An awful lot of death scenes with, and listen, I Just say this, weeping middle aged children. You know, John, let me just say this. If you played an Alzheimer patient, you, I'm sure your performance would be unforgettable.


Ah, By the way you did in Planet the Apes. I was, you were great. You were an Alzheimer's Person, a Sean. I love you hug. I didn't, I didn't have to bring that up myself. Yes, of course. Yeah. Now, does your, is your wife have to be at UCLA every day teaching class? Oh, no, no. She, she is retired from teaching. Okay. She still, she still researches and writes and goes to conferences. She travels more than I do. Okay. She travels all over the world and I, I'm a trailing spouse on many occasions. Is Home base still Los Angeles, though? It's more LA than New York, but we've split our time between the two, and now we're triangulating really with London. Yeah. What a dream. That is my absolute dream.


That Train. And Mary's from Montana. We have a little cabin on a lake in Northwestern Montana, and we, that's kind of our runaway place, which is just absolutely beautiful. So That's great. That's great. Oh my God. Now, if you leave this podcast today without me asking a funny, if you have a funny theater story, these guys will kill me. Yeah. We realize those out of all of them because out of all of our guests, because you have such a theater history, and I, I love when things go wrong, or people getting A wine or somebody having A heart attack attack or something in the crowd. Oh, Sean loves a heart attack. I did think I, I may have said this one to you guys before, but I don't remember, so stop me if I have.


But in high school, they were giving these, the, they created these thespian awards at the end of the year, and they had, they had this award called the Gold Crutch, and it goes to who, whoever the clumsiest or whoever made the biggest mistakes or whatever. And that's a whole other story why I got it. But, So I go up to accept the Golden Crutch Award in front of everybody, and I thought, you know what might be funny is if I trip when I get the award. Sure. So I, I had it in my hand and I tripped, and I knocked the tooth out of Missy vocal singer's mouth. Oh. And she went, my God, swear to God, Missy Vogel singer to this day. And, and she's standing there shaking and bleeding, and I'm going, oh God.


And the whole audience, it's a bit, it's Bad. And I Go, should I a speech or do I take care of her? And like a true actor, I just gave the speech. Speech. Of course the speech of course speech. Did you tried to reassure everybody that this was A joke. This was fine. Oh, God. And she was, the blood was coming down and I was like, oh my God. And it was one of the most embarrassing, by the way. That's why I got the golden crutch. Yeah. Well, Anyhow, yeah, I guess the, The, the, the most curious mishap I mentioned the changing room Yeah. That I, on Broadway, which took place in the a rugby teams changing room, 22 actors of whom Cool it, Sean, 15, 15 were players.


And we at, at a certain point, we stripped completely naked, got our uniforms on, off into, we played the match, then came back at the end, halfway through my character, the one, there was a scene that won me that Tony Award. I was brought off the pitch halfway through the match, covered in mud and very, very badly injured, smashed nose, blood running down my face. I was taken off stage to an offstage bathtub, scrubbed all the mud off, and was brought back on stage by the equipment manager.


I was stark naked and wet and glistening. I, he toweled me down and dressed me up like I was a baby. The own a long scene in silence. All you heard was the sound of the crowd roaring off stage. And at a certain point, he hoisted me to my feet and hauled my underpants up. These sort of pathetic briefs. You know, we were all these working class Claudes really. And, but it was a very moving scene. And I was, he would, this character was completely out of it. I was like, inert, could barely see.


And one night he hoisted me up, tugged up my briefs, and my dick was sort of hanging out, just out the bottom, just like, and in front of, you know, 800 people all sort of stricken in silence. That's really funny. And I thought, how in the world am I gonna do this? I'm not, I'm supposed to be completely inert. And I just sort of thinking nobody would notice. I sort of reached down and sort of flicked inside my face. I would say that was by far the most embarrassing, the good Ones after the voting Period hit our blast.


I, I should remind you, I was given a Tony Award for that. There you go. No wonder What we have to do. You. That's Hilarious. John. John, we've taken up too much of your time, but I want to ask you one last question, because as Jason mentioned, I imagine over the years, and I know a lot of it is what comes our way, but the, a lot of stuff I imagine over there has come your way. And you mentioned Frazier on Shears. Is there a role in, in, in, in, in, that you have ever regretted other than Frazier Crane perhaps, but is there a role that you regretted and and thought afterwards? Oh, I should have said Yes. Oh yes. There's is, there are lots.


I ordinarily don't tell people out of regard for sure. For the ones who ended up playing it. Yeah. Don't need to. But I, I would say I must have the record for the most Tony Awards won by actors in roles that I turned down. Wow. There are, there are literally, I think I'm in double figures by now. Oh, wow. And there's, and a couple of those I do indeed completely torment me. Yeah. But I have to think that I played a few roles and had to, to great acclaim and others have turned it down. So, John, John, you know what, and, and, and maybe you can look at it like this. You allowed and you gifted by, you know Yeah.


Passing on the genius writing and whatever that play was there, there you go. To allow somebody else to, to have it. And what an incredible, you know, an incredible positive thing to be A part of. Well, you, you are so much a much better person than I am. I, I doubt it. He caught Him on a good day, John. I eat my heart out, you know? No, but you're absolutely right. That, that is a beautiful way to look at it. And as, and as I say, I never tell people that I played, of course, you, you know, actually, I, I got a Tony, sorry, an Oscar nomination for terms of endearment replacing another actor. Huh. Wow. They, they, they had shot a couple of scenes with Deborah Winger in terms of, and they had to let him go 'cause it just wasn't right.


Yeah. Right. He just didn't feel okay about Deborah Winger having an adulterous affair. So they came after me thinking the perfect adulterer, apparently. Wow. And, and I have, and I have never revealed this actor's name just out of respect for him. E even though there were perfectly good reasons for that. I just explained why he wasn't right. For that part. At that point in your life, you were the seediest per, they were like, we need somebody seedier. Let's get Exactly. We, you know, when, when we, when we did Third Rock, I, we had something that I called the Lithgo Rules. If anybody was ever replaced or dropped from the script, if her the part was written out or whatever, that actor would have to get two phone calls.


One from me and one from our producers, just as I love that. It, it wasn't you, you know? Right. Yeah. That's great. That's great. We had to, here are the reasons why. 'cause you know, it just has happened so many times in my experience that people are just cut out of films or dropped from, or replace, and they don't hear from anybody. They don't hear anything except from a casting director calling an agent, calling an actor and saying it didn't work out. Yeah. And that's so crushing. It is. Oh, you know, it's just because there's always 10 rea 10 perfectly good reasons for some, for things like, like that happen That have nothing to do with the talent. Yeah. And we, and we actors, we can take it. We know there's reasons for it. Yeah. Right. So there's no reason. But we're Soft. We're soft. We need to, we need to be Held that it is that I've been, well, I've been, you guys probably have too.


I mean, I've been fired from jobs before. Oh yeah. Or my character was written out and I've had, and then there have been people who were really kind of mentioned before, casting director, she not really doing it anymore. Deb Burki and I got fired from a pilot that went to series, and I heard nothing. And, and the show got picked up, my character was written off, and I was, you know, I wasn't young. I was 32 at the time, and, and just thought, oh, fuck it. And I was in feeling really shitty. And I was in New York, and, and Debraski wrote me a card. I got it in the mail in my mailbox here in New York. I got a card saying it was, you know, they made a mistake, it wasn't you, and blah, blah, blah. And it was one of the kinder things. Yeah. And A Few months later, she cast you in Arrested Development and made your Career actually a few months later.


And a few months later, she begged me, I was doing a play in New York, and she said, you have to come. And I said, no, I'm not interested. I'm so Jade. And she goes, you have to read for this thing, arrested Film. I, oh fuck. Oh my, my God. But a great Story. And it changed my life. Yeah. Yeah. That is, so anyway, it, and it happens to everyone. I'm, yeah, I would say this to young actors over and over. It happens to all of us. And it never, it had never happened to me, but I was finally, oh my God. I, I went to the premiere of a film in which I had seven lovely scenes. And I went to the premiere. I was just in New York, and I saw, oh, there's a premiere of this film that I'm in. I'll call him and go to the premiere.


Well, I sat down and watched my first scene, and it was cut in half. And I thought, well, that's too bad. Well, we'll wait for the next one. The next one was cut from the film. The next one was cut, the next one was cut. All that was left of my character was about the 30 seconds of my first scene, in which I had stated the premise of this romantic comic. But it was Enough to trigger residuals. And I, God, I sat there with my, with my two kids into Oh, and just experienced what I'd always told actors. It happens to all of us know. Yeah. Yeah. It's true.


It's such a wild thing, isn't it? It's so wild, John. And what an absolute awesome, incredible delight having You here today, you guys. It's really, I've always loved this show and I was very honored, honored to be on it. It's so nice of you to join us. Yeah. You're a real angel. Thank you so much. Well, I'll, I'm sure I'll see you within the next 48 hours at something. So Yes, you'll see Jason. You'll see Jason for sure. And we should, and we're gonna come and see you in London. We're gonna come and see Sean and Absolutely Sean. I'm gonna see Oscar goodnight. Oscar the great news. That's what I take away from today. Thanks, Kyle. Thank you. Alright, John, thank you. Oh, I, and I haven't told you about my history with Bennett. I was gonna go deep, do a deep dive on Bennett Barbecue.


Yeah, look at that. Here's The portrait by John. What? There's the portrait. You Did that. That's my painting of Bennett. Yeah. Isn't that Pretty good? Wow. That's fantastic. You look more like that. You more like, like the painting than ever. It's like, it's like the portrait of Dorian Gray. I was John's Muse. How, how are you guys connected? Wait a second. So Bennett Barko, who works with us on, on the show, who's here now? How do you and Bennett know each other? Bennett was like one of my, my daughter's very good friends at Seeds, UES school when they were about 7, 8, 9 years old. And I, I know Bennett's folks all these years. We S Bennett Bennett, you went to the lab school? I sure did. Before it was called Lab School.


Yeah. And yeah. And both my kids, my older kids, both my older kids went to lab school, John, Amazing circles within circles. But his parents, I, I put up for a, a fundraising dinner. I, I offered to paint a portrait of your child and they bid and they won. And So I painted Bennett's portrait. Oh wow. That's crazy. It took me about seven years to paint it. It was a source of great guilt. But I finally, I finally showed up. That's amazing. How cool is that, Bennett? When people come over over you go look at that. John Ow did that. It says jail at the bottom. Let's Bennett Bennett, your mom and dad love You.


You see, I told you I always wanted to be an artist and it turns out it's not too late. Pretty good one. That's Never too late. That's amazing. That's amazing. Thank you for that, John. That's amazing. Well, thank you, Bennett. I'm glad we squeezed that in. Yes, Yes. Absolutely. So good to see you, John. Okay. You too. Bye-bye now. Bye Bye. Bye-bye. Bye John, Man. Now we have had some assholes. We have had, you know, Jason, Jason, hold up. Son of a bitch. Jason. Jason, hold up, Man. Now Jason. What I mean, I, what a delight. Oh my God. Yeah. Jesus. I know. He, I feel like, like I've known him. I feel he's he's a good, good, good guy.


Wow. I can't believe he's almost 80 and he's, I he looks younger than Jason. It's fucking crazy. Yeah, right. I know. I gotta see him play that killer because I can't imagine him Yeah. Ever being nasty. I know. I wanna see that I can ever being angry. Ever. You can I can you see Through it? I can. You think it's bullshit? No, no, No, no. I don't mean it that way. I don't mean It that way. I mean that he is such a versatile Yeah. He has such facility as, as an actor. It's, I mean, he can, he has played, I'm trying to think, he's played like some Raising Kane. Yeah. He's, yeah. Raising ka some scary, scary cha characters. And he's still doing theater. I mean, how about, he's like, yeah, I'm doing Dumbledore. Oh, I'm gonna do this play though before I'm like, I know God doesn't, doesn't slow down.


It's a very inspiring. But anyway, it, it is a great, great call getting him. I love him. I love him. Well, we were supposed to have him on before and there was a thing and it was messed up. And it was so, it was so, so, but we had a technical error, one of our episodes that didn't work out and, and I was like, oh my God, we ever gonna get him back? 'cause he's traveling all the time and he's working all the time. And I just thought, God, I was so happy that he, that we were actually able to make it happen. Yeah, He's great. Yeah. I mean he's just, I'll bet you, you could, you could rattle off at least a dozen movies that you go That's right. He was in that. He's just always got some great part in some great project that you forget about. Yeah. Yeah.


Oh dude. He's been in, he's been in Everything. Right, right. You know? Yeah. I mean if you take them all, Boy, All his films, All his, It's the pause. Pause. It's the pause. That's what it is, Jason. It's the pause that He takes. You can also hear the engine start like a Yeah, that's true. That's True. If you take all of them and put them together and it would be such, it's, it's such an incredible body of work. If you take them all and you come terrible. That was terrible. Smart.


Smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally Handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The SmartLess has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts, or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts plus to start your free trial today.


It's starting to sound like spring, but it's not official till you've lit up the grill with Kingsford original charcoal this time of year as we break in the backyard with friends and family, everything tastes better cooked with authentic wood-fired barbecue flavor. Thanks to Kingsford welcome spring. Visit kingsford.com for charcoal and more from America's grilling expert.


Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars, Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars. Okay. Not flying cars, but as soon as those get invented, they'll be on Autotrader Snap. But they do have extensive search features. And Kelley Blue Book, my Wallet, a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So whether you want something practical with no surprise costs or the latest trends, if you see a car you like, find it on Autotrader.