
While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now. They partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com. Hilton for the stay.


You deserve to embrace coziness this fall and winter. And it's time to head to Macy's to do it in style. Macy's has the best prices on all things cozy, and that means from your clothes to your home too. Get great prices on cold weather essentials from head to toe with the cutest sweaters, warmest jackets, and the St. Sturdiest yet stylish boots. Refresh your home with plush comforters, crisp white towels, and a mountain of cozy pillows. You'll be ready to snuggle up in style this season. You know, growing up in Chicago, I love cold weather. I love this time of year winter, and I love getting things cozy. And I'll wear a sweater all around the house all day long during winter month just 'cause it's super cozy. And I, love getting it at Macy's. Get your cozy on and shop at macy's dot com.


Hey, good morning everybody. How is everybody doing? Real Good. What a nice sleep. What a yeah. Will You were snoring a little bit last night. I had to turn you over a couple of times. I know. Yes. And I. I had no covers on me. That was weird. Yeah. No you didn't. Yeah, but I love that extra supersized. Charlie. And the chocolate factory bed we got. Huh? Hey, Be honest. What was the camera for? Because I noticed a camera this morning when I woke up. That was my bad. That was my bad. I forgot to take it down. Okay. Anyway, let's do a podcast, huh? Welcome to SmartLess. Yeah. Smart. Less smart. Less smart.


Less. How's Everybody doing? I'm great. I haven't even had a chance to open up my breakfast bar. A little A SMR. Yeah. This is papa. This is Papa Steve's no junk raw protein bars, which I'm real keen on. And my address you can find in the chat. Jesus. Okay. As have, have you guys had your breakfast yet? I have. I have not. I'm just empty. What'd you have, Willie? I had one cup of oatmeal made with water and Oh, some, some berries. Do they let you out for an hour of exercise each day? Yeah Yeah. I had, I had a few berries with it. And then a drizzle of maple syrup, pure maple syrup for taste.


I didn't say drizzle ever again. Yeah. And then, and then I had five scrambled eggs. Jesus. My chest hurts. Five eggs. Why? Your chest shouldn't hurt and it's not bad for your chest. You know, I think there was one report that said that eggs are not cholesterol problems anymore. And. I love that report as much as you do, but I'd love to hear a second. Well, my doctor told me that. So my, who's the guy You found online? Put it this way. What's your cholesterol and what's mine? And you're the one who like eats all this shit. And what's yours and what's mine? My cholesterol mine's really ous horrendous. Yeah, my mine too, because it's in my family. Yeah Yeah. But mine's nine, mine's 90. I Will tell you, I just had one of those full body scans. Yeah. And no Brain. Yeah.


And completely empty. Sir, Can we talk to you for a second? Yeah. It's just one, one microchip up there. Oh Wow. They said it's not, there's no heart. They just found a box with a picture of a heart in it. Well, no. So did you get the results back? Yes. Thank you. The results were fine. Oh, good. Everything is fantastic. And yeah, I'm, I'm very pleased. 'cause you know, you never know what those things Yeah. You could get the Yeah. Okay, so your appointment to review your scan results or is it tomorrow at three o'clock? Okay, so tomorrow at three o'clock I'm gonna find out if I've got something I've got. And You walk in and they've got six doctors. The rest of my life, life Yeah. They've got six guys in there. Like They'd actually like to do this in person.


The team needs to speak to you. Yeah. Yeah. That's the word. Hey, hey Jason, can you clear your schedule for the next four months? And do you have a wife, girlfriend, best friend, something that can maybe drive you, you Religious at all? 'cause we got a guy here on standby. No, I was, it was a, it's a real, we were talking about it, you and me will the other day. And you were like, yeah, well, I don't know. I mean, do you wanna know? Do you want I was like, yeah, I do. If it's good news. And thank God it was, it was good. So that's good. Did you get the, Sean, did you get the shingles vaccine? I Did. I did Yeah. Yeah. That was Did you, Willie? I have not. Okay. You have to. You must Have you had, now what is it? If you've had chickenpox, you're susceptible to shingles or vice versa.


Yeah. It's already living inside you. If you had chickenpox the, the shingles. So if you haven't had chickenpox, you're good. You don't need the, the shingles vaccine. I think, I don't know. Don't get medical advice from this show, but Exactly. Change. I change channel everybody. Yeah. So how often, how often would you say in any given week, do you have a conversation at least with a doctor? Oh God. On a weekly basis for sure. So it's at least once a Week, at least once a week, you're, you're interfacing with a doctor via a text or call or fa or in person. Why? 'cause you're concerned or you just wanna stay ahead of things. I wanna be one of those people that catch something before it happens. Right. So you just, you just workshop things that could go wrong with you. Yeah, that's right. And what to do to be ready. That's right.


You ever thought about just living life and enjoying it? Or I'll take photos of shit and text him and all that stuff. You could zip into a bubble maybe, you know, and just kind of have Scotty roll you round From room to room. Yeah, I'm not above it. I'll do that. Wow. You know what though? Anesthesia. We were talking about anesthesia. Jason, me and you, I think at dinner last week. God, I could go for some propofol right Now. I wouldn't it be great. And we were talking about how do you, isn't it fascinating? How did somebody discover? Yeah. They can just switch you off anesthesia. Like how, who do, who do you test that on? Right. We're gonna bring you as close to death as possible. Possible. Getting that just right was probably challenging. Yeah.


That, that's too much. We've lost them. Yeah. Yeah or too little. You can see them screaming as they amputate the, the wrist. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Well, I tell you, when you don't want some falls, when, when our guest is performing great. 'cause you want be wide. You wanna be wide, beautiful, awake for this person's work. And I tell you, millions of people have been wide awake watching this guy. He's been, I I'm gonna say this, he's been dazzling people for a long time. Wow. His David Copperfield. Well, his, his, He's a Blaine. I will just say, Jason, you might want be careful because this person knows a lot of your top secrets.


Oh. Oh, okay. This person knows Papa. This person knows a lot of the stuff that you've, Papa Papa Been to especially recently because this person is, is somebody who has been in and outta your world. I'll just say this, this is, I again, I always feel like with my guests, it's hard to start numb, you know, naming their credits because you're just going to, you immediately, you're gonna go, Oh yeah. Blah, blah, blah. Why is this person my guest? Then you say, I know this person. You do. And they could be your guest because I wanted to kinda surprise you, Uhoh, I Pop because this is somebody who has, this is somebody who's been doing this is somebody who's been doing the kinds of films that we, Jay this is the kind of thing for you that fits in.


Like they're doing the kind of thing that the taste makers like, and like all those kind of words that you, like How much distain he has For us. I know. And, and you know, because there are films in there. This is somebody who's been nominated for Academy Awards, golden Globe Awards, BAFTAs, Olivier Awards. Oh, I don't know anybody. He's done television. He's played the pope. He's played, he's been in Sherlock Holmes. He's been, he's been in's Jude talented. Mr. Hey Jude There. He's, And he's I was wondering to Get to, And he's Jason's CoStar in collaborator on Black Rabbit is chewed Lime.


Good morning my friend. Hi Jude. Good Morning. Good. And he should be your guest. But I wanted him because I, I wanted to surprise you, JB with your, with your guy Buddy. Yes. God damnit. This is great guys. Get ready, get ready to just fall in love and clear out, make room for a new best friend. He, he, there's really, Jude, first of all, welcome there. There's just nobody I'm more excited about as a, as a new person in my life. Like for the last 10 years in Jude Law, the feeling he's been Incredible. Jude, he has been, he has been singing your praises since you guys started working together. And I'm not, I'm honestly, I'm not making it up. Yeah. He, he cannot speak more highly about, and he has generally disdain for people.


Most people, as you know, I broke through that. And You somehow, I like five people in the world. And there's three on the screen right now. Yeah Yeah. I'm, I'm going. We, we, we finished just a couple of weeks ago. And I'm genuinely going through withdrawals. It's been, I mean, it was a long shoot. So, you know, when it starts to become part of your daily routine, and dare I say you, you not take it for granted. But, you just, you know, you've been doing it for a few months and it's just, it's, it's what you do every day. And man, I'm finding it hard. Yeah, it's been a bit bumpy coming out. How about you? Yeah, it's like, it's like, yeah. On that, on that project, it was like waking up in your house each day and just like hanging out with your family and it's just so easy.


And then you're gone from your family and you start to miss them. Yeah Yeah, it's, it's a very odd part of what we do. Right. Because Yeah, Yeah, I was, I was trying to explain Psycho, explain this to someone. It's like most people have their first day on a job, like, you know, in their twenties or thirties and maybe they changed their job once, like in their forties or Right. We, we change the jobs. I know. Three times a year. Sometimes it's crazy. Right, right. Like a whole new group of people. Hi. Hello. Yeah. I'm Jude. Nice to meet you. Well, what's so unusual is, is is that Jason has allowed himself to get attached to you because I have heard him de describe, and this is true, I And I. Really, this is true. I, he described recently to somebody, and this really again, is gonna give you a lot of info about who jb he, he talks about how when he starts a job with people, he tells himself not to get too attached 'cause he knows he's not gonna see them again.


Yeah. And so he, he builds in a distance with people so that he won't, so he won't get hurt. Am I right JB Ish? It's not as much of a defense mechanism as just like a practicality. It's like, well, we're going to never see each other again. But there's a necessary bonding that needs to happen to really make the work enjoyable and effective. And so yeah, it is a, it's an odd thing. We've develop, I've given, I've actually given young actors that advice sometimes, because I remember when I was in my early twenties starting out, You say, don't fall in love with me, You kind of No, no. You know, you kind of, you kind of walk away from the film thing. I've just made 50 best friends and I'm gonna, we are gonna see each other every week.


There are, and then nothing happens. And you feel slightly like heartbroken. Yeah. So you gotta, you know, I'm like, don't, you're not, they're not gonna be your best friends. You're gonna work together. It's gonna Be a great thing. The good news in this business is you actually do have a realistic chance of, of seeing those people again though on, on another project or if you're Resolved as we are on a podcast. Yeah Yeah. Yes. Now, before we get going, I, I just, I I have seen Jude's film that is coming out depending on when this airs. It's called the Order. And I've seen it twice in the last three days because they very nicely asked me to introduce it at some screening the other day. This movie, it, it Jude's the lead in it.


It's also with Nicholas Holt and Journey Smollett. And it's directed by Justin Kelle guys, if you like a bag of money and a gun and something that is shot like one of those Sidney ette films. It's just, this movie is so goddamn good. He plays an FBI agent that, that is after a, a white supremacist gang up in the Pacific Northwest. It's a true story happens back in like the late seventies, early eighties, I think Jude Yeah. And it's just badass bank robberies and it's just go see us called the Order. It's fucking, Yeah. I haven't, I haven't, I can't wait to see that. I haven't seen it. And I haven't seen the trailer. I saw the one Sheet. It looks really just, just the poster alone looked really cool and you know, And I think that you're like holding a gun in it or something.


Like there's So I See it a hundred more times. Talk a little bit, well just if you can just, 'cause we're on this to talk a little bit about the order and how it kind of came into your world and what it was about it that you were like, Oh yeah. This is something I gotta do. 'cause Yeah. I don't necessarily associate you with as a sort of like a gun wring mic. Exactly. You know what I mean? I, I hadn't, it felt I hadn't played a part like it and it came my way through my production company and, you know, it, it was just one of those, it was so full of potential. It had this incredible true story that I hadn't heard of an awful lot of people hadn't heard of it had all this relevance to today and the sort of divisive society, but we, that we are living in and that we're seeing around the world Yeah.


And then, you know, it's also wrapped up in a brilliant cat and mouse thriller kind of genre film. And, and like Jason said, it's reminded me of those movies, those kind of crowd pleasers that I used to go see when I was a kid with the, with with the great filmmakers of Ette and freaking, and it's funny, isn't it? How our well it's the same with other genres I suppose. But those kind of movies were, were were once with, with Hack When and Newman and people like that in them so, so popular. And suddenly they, I don't know, they kind of lost their edge maybe. But Anyway, I have no idea why. Right. I mean like French connection, like what they don't make those movies anymore and that those used to be like the blockbusters Why or Dog Day Afternoon.


What, what happened? I think we do well I think first of all, I think we do know and and they tried even into the nineties, I was thinking about Ronan, you know, that great De Niro Frankenheimer movie. Amazing. Again, trying to extend that idea even out of sight with Clooney and those guys in, in the Berg Yeah Out of the furnace, the Christian Bale movie with Yeah Yeah. Like all those movies tried. But I think that what happened was And I, think I mentioned this before. We've spent the last at least decade kind of under the tyranny of Ip Yeah Yeah for sure. These films that were made, that were made of all the studios owned all this ip. And they're like, how can we squeeze as much as we can out of this ip?


Whether it's, I think they're Trying to hedge their Bet for people like Sean and Scotty ruined the, the movie business because that, that's what they wanted. Yeah Yeah, I think they're Trying to hedge their bet. And I hope they saved the planet Linor because that's where they, you, you know, careful Jude's got a Star Wars thing, thing coming up. It's Called. Yeah, I can't wait. Okay. Mean it's called Skeleton Crew. I can't wait. IUD Excluding Jew. I, I didn't talk about Star Wars, not Jude Star Wars. Anyway, I think that that is why And I think, but I think you're right, there's an appetite for this kind of thing now. They're assuming they're gonna get a built-in audience with this existing IP Yeah. And so these original things are, are sort of put on the back burner. But my God, just a, just a pure satisfying experience of going to see, you know, a caper, you know, Yeah or a thriller or something with a just a true beginning, middle and end where you get invested with these characters and there's this sticky plot, And I.


Like, why do I need some dude flying around Yeah on top of it all, Sean. But it goes full circle, I'm sure, right? Yeah. I mean people come, they, they'll always come back to it. It's like vinyl, right? Everyone comes back to vinyl. You Hope Yeah you Hope Yeah This, hopefully this one will, this one will start. You know what Guess what? It's the same thing with music. My kids listen to all this, this music that's very good. But it's all comes out of, of, of electronic interface as opposed to like plugging in an instrument and like, you hear a snare drum or you hear a a a a guitar. I mean, I don't even sound like an old fuddy daddy, but I, I miss the sound of instruments in music. Hopefully that comes back as well. Yeah. It'll come back. It'll come Back Yeah. I think that the, I think it does come back. I, I mean, I mean you're, you're talking a lot about, I suppose mainstream pop music, right?


There is a lot, there is a huge appetite for, and there's a very thriving indie music. Certainly I'm like such an old school Yeah nineties dinosaur indie fan. Right? But that has kind of come back. There's a lot of guitar driven music out there that's excellent. Yeah Yeah, a lot of great American bands and, you know, So Jude, how are you today? Hey, F you Sean. Sean, go fuck yourself. Hey, do you guys wanna hear my impression of Sean and Scotty gonna the movies again? Yeah, please. Boom. Whoa. I hope that they find, I hope he knows most people should go. Two of those. His dad actually came from Scholar Score. Do you know that His dad, his dad was in the other, and his, he came from Scott Score too.


Yeah. We, by the way, we just watched Alien Romulus again. Yeah Yeah. That that, again, that mythology is so Great. Where does that sit in the, in the order of the alien Yeah it Be it beco It it comes before the original in the seventies. Oh. Yeah. Ooh. Or right after. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm right after. Have you, have you watched the original again recently? Yes. Oh, My God that holds up incredible. And like the design, the design for it. Although, who was it who was watching it recently? And they said they paused it and zoomed in on a little area in behind, I think Ian home. Yes. Yes. And it was, it was basically a, an old speaker turned inside out or upside down and sprayed white or something.


Yes. What Are these? It's really cool. And in Romulus, they, the sets they made look like the eighties. 'cause IIII mis That's great. I misspoke. It comes after the original. Sorry. In original. Damn it. But anyway, In that, in that early, in that early Eighties. Yeah, are you a fan? I love Alien. Yeah. Yeah Yeah. So good. Wait, So, I, big science Fiction. Where are you right now? Are you a hotel? Are you home? Or where are fish? I'm in, I'm in a hotel in Beverly Hills. Oh. Oh, Fantastic. I'm in Los Angeles for a while promoting, and, you know, yeah, He is humping this guy's got stamina. Like, you cannot believe that he, he's not gonna stop until December. I've heard, again, I don't want to get too much because we do love the Black Rabbit. We want to talk about, we're so, we're all so excited for Black Rabbit Yeah. There's time to talk about that.


We, that's a year from now. I Will say, again, this is the highest compliment from jb. He would, he talked about your stamina and your ability to show up on set every day and deliver in every way. He, I, I've never seen him so as producer, as impressed and as a pro, I've never seen him so impressed, Jude. Honestly, again, I'm, I'm going outta my way here, but it's so True. True. The joy That have I need your notes. I need your notes on episode three and four soon. If you can turn those around to me. Jude, Let's not turn this into a work session. Okay. Yeah. Let's do, let's just, let's just house shit out now. Yeah. Yeah. Let's, okay, well, Jude, let's talk early. Let's talk early days as you started as a performer. So you, you, we know where you've, oh God, you've been, and and where you are now. But let's flash back to when you were a kid, Yeah.


And the first time you said, mom, dad, I want to perform. Or somebody said, Jude, you need to perform. What was the, the thing, was it you, were you attracted to it? Did somebody notice it in you? What was the thing? How did it, how did it All sort? It just, it just sort of occurred because my parents were teachers. This is in the seventies, in, in southeast London. And they, but they had a passion for theater. So they were members of a local theater company and they were put on plays. And, I, rem I grew up in a house where I remember there were always, you know, the kitchen was full of people rehearsing and, or I'd come down and, and, and half our furniture would be gone because they'd be using it for, for on a set in the play that they were putting on.


Wow. Yeah. So it was, it was just a big And, I. Just remember loving, watching adults rehearse and goof about it looked like it was a, it was a dialogue. It was a, it was a language that made sense to me. And, and I was, I felt very comfortable in it. So. I really, honestly. It was like a kind of, what's the right word? Segue as opposed to a kind of decision. I got involved the older I got and did plays And I joined a company as a, as a kid, Brothers and sisters. I had a big sister who, who she, she performed too, but she's a painter. I thought That was the name of the theater company. I thought Jason was like brothers and sisters theater company. Right. Be a good one. Yeah, It's a good name. Yeah.


But she's a painter. Yeah, She's a painter. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, wow. So the decision honestly, was just it. I don't, I mean, when there was a a, there was a moment when I got offered a job in a TV show. I was about 17 and made, had to make the decision of leaving school, moving out. Mm. And they just sort of knew That was gonna happen, and they made me promise if it didn't work out, I'd go back to school. And I was like, of course. And, but they were incredibly supportive. So, wait, did you not finish high school like me? No, didn't finish nice. Wow. No, I didn't finish. This is great. What I'm realizing, what, what I'm realizing also about your friendship with JB is that he hasn't asked you any questions about your life in all the time that you've known.


No, no. It's Jude. What's your last name? Morgan. He's like, do you have a sister? Did you finish high school? How the fuck would you not know that already? Well, I'm not in there on the guy's jock all day on the fucking set. You know, we got work to do. It's human. It, it's called just human iration. It's just called being interested in somebody else other than Yourself. No, I scroll through my phone in between takes Jason And, I stayed in character the whole time. Oh My God. The only talk Oh, my God. I must, I Will be honest. It was kind of weird when he shaved the beard because he'd been my big brother with the beard and yeah, like, you know, we'd been hugging and fighting and yeah, it's been, it's been full on. It suddenly appeared and he was Jason, Bateman, Yeah, Jason, Bateman, Yeah Yeah. I Know. God, you guys did so much storytelling together. So, Oh God will and we will be right back.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com. Hilton for the Stay.


SmartLess Fans, your favorite podcast is some must have merch waiting for you at the SiriusXM online store. And here's the best part, the store is powered by Shopify. So grabbing your gear is as easy as pressing play on a new episode. We're grateful Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you. Our listeners, Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats and coffee mugs. Shameless plugs, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person POS system. Shopify's got you covered. Plus sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered Allstar. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to Shopify dot com slash smartlist now to grow your business. No matter what stage you are in.


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Ever hear people say that something is like therapy for them? Playing tennis is therapy for me. Listening to music is my therapy. Cooking is like therapy. Well, you know, it's therapy for me. You guessed it. Therapy because when it comes to sorting out issues, figuring stuff out, and just making you feel better about yourself, you can't beat the real thing. BetterHelp online therapy is the easiest way for you to try out therapy for yourself. BetterHelp is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Start by filling out a simple questionnaire to be matched with a licensed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Connect with them via phone, video, text or chat. Whatever works for you at a time and place that works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So if you ever struggle with depression, relationship problems, social anxiety, or family conflicts, give BetterHelp a try. It's not a substitute for therapy. It is therapy. I talk about it all the time. I've benefited from therapy myself, as you all know. I've been in New York for almost three months now. Three months is a long time to be away from home and Ricky and all my familiar surroundings and stuff like that. So I talked about it in therapy last week. Not that earth shattering of the world, but it just helps to talk it through. And that's what therapy does for me. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. So Jude, but that decision to go and do, to go do a television program or stay in school, when I hear you say it, And I, think about wanting to be a performer being 17. Like that's a kind of an easy decision. Like, Hey, do you wanna go do Yeah Yeah or do you wanna stay in school? I really love school. Yeah. When did you know it would that, that you, that you were safe, that it was actually gonna be something that, that could provide a a, an income for you? Yeah. Honestly, not until I was in my early twenties. And I. And I'd done a movie or two and, and really? Yeah. What was your first one? What was your first film?


So my first film was a movie called Shopping, and it was about Car thieves and That was in the early nineties. And then I did a film, another English film, but a period film called Wild about Oscar Wild. And Stephen Fry played Oscar Wild, And I played his, his boyfriend, Boey Douglas, who was a nasty piece of work. And around then I'd done a lot of theater in the film. Yeah. I guess around then I still thought, ah, this is a job. When was the move? Were you, you were still in England at that point? Yeah. Well, wild. You got, you That was the first, like you got a little, you got some recognition for that performance in wild. Yeah. That kind of like put you up a a a notch Or Yeah Yeah.


I got those, you know, newcomer awards. Right. And you know, welcome to the Gang Awards kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah. That's, well that's kind of good though. I mean, that's kind of when you're a young actor, I mean that it, it's meaningful. Yeah, Totally. But you know how it is there, there's still that funny feeling of, God I just want get another job. Yeah just Right. You know, like, you still think the, the the unpredictable nature of what we, of what We did, the waiting is, is still quite alarming. And you haven't got enough money in the bank. Like you're thinking Yeah Okay, God, this is Unpredictable. Even today, all four of us are not out of the woods. We never will be. The only thing that I think we have going for us is that if our careers were to end soon, there would be sort of a downhill trajectory of maybe three or four jobs before you're done.


Like, that's, that's the only sort of pad we have built in there. Whereas like back when Jude was starting, maybe, you know, this could be your last job. I think the, the four of us are at a point now, you know, all of our, you know, we're so lucky to have had our, our sort of success, but it's still only is built in like a, a three job off ramp before Nothing ever Yeah. Not if I release Sean's texts. I think it's gonna be Oh. Yeah. That's Gonna it's gonna be immediate. Yeah. But I could, I could use any Anyway. Jude. Jude, I will. So Jude then I, 'cause I'm kind of building towards this, which is the, the film. I think that I first that, that I as a consumer and a in, in a, in a film goer and as a young actor, you know, looking, aspiring to, to do stuff, noticed you in a film that I to this day adore and talk about science fiction.


A really pure, I think one of the great science fiction films. Gatica Yeah, you and Ethan Oh. Yeah. Yeah. That performance, that film. Andrew Nichol, Andrew Nickol, Andrew Nickel, Yeah. What, what an incredible Andrew Nichol amazing filmmaker. But that film was really remarkable. Yeah Yeah. Talk a little bit about that, would you? Well, it was the first film that brought me to Hollywood. And it was the first time, and, you know, it was one of those rare occasions where you read a script and you are, you just can't believe it's as good as it is. Mm. And that they want you to be in it. That was a That was pretty extraordinary. You know, I was thinking a lot about that recently. And Ethan was such an incredible teacher, really.


To, to meet and work with Ethan at that early formative moment was, was really impactful. He was, he's such a gent and he takes it so seriously, but with such a humor and, and a creative sort of approach. And I remember watching him and, and we had all our stuff together. That was, That was really influential. But moving here, moving to the states and making a film, and I remember going and rehearsing on, on the Sony lot and yeah, it was just a, it was a dream. It was a, it was kind of fantastic. Fantastical. Where did you move to? Where was your, where was your first spot? Oh, what Was it called? I, I stayed. Were you down there in Culver City near the, near the Lot?


No, I was in West Hollywood. I was in one of those funny little hotels where you've got a kitchen in the corner, something Suite, Summerfield Suite, something like that. Yeah Yeah. Oh. Where, you know, you have a bed and a little, everything's in one room. But it Wasn't as glamorous as you thought the Hollywood sort of journey would be. Honestly, I was just happy. Someone else was picking up the, the, the Bill and Yeah Yeah at that point. You were just happy. Was it raining? I think, I think, I think, you know, you talk about Ethan, first of all, I do wanna say this and we've had him on the show. We're such fans, I think. Yeah. He is such an unheralded artist. And I don't usually use that word as much because, but sometimes it makes me cringe. But I I, he is such an artist that, that guy and, and he is, and started, you know, young as we know Yeah, he was a, he was a child actor.


We're talking about Ethan Hawk for Tracy. Ethan Hawk. Yeah. Sorry, Tracy. We're talking about Ethan Hawk. He's one of those guys he could have, if, if he had had more artistry, Jason could have been him. But, but he, he's one of those And I say that Jason is And I love what you do. It Feels like a compliment. No, it Just gotta kind of Look into it a little bit. No, but Unpack that. Yeah. He Is Back to you. He's, he's kind of like, I I really do. I I I love a all his performances are so good and so Ron and amazing And I love his approach and hearing him talk about Oh. yeah. Art and it, so when you told me that you learn a lot, I believe that, I believe that that relationship was inspiring. Generous. Too Generous. Yeah. That's another thing.


Really generous on set. You know, and, and, and, and aware that he's got, he was working with someone who was pretty green. I mean, I'd only done a couple of films and I'm still a little bit like this, but But, you know, Yeah, Yeah just warm and yeah, I, he was, it was a very happy time. But here's the funny thing, you know, again, too young to realize that that doesn't mean the film's gonna be a hit. Right? Yeah. So you sitting there going, wow, I'm in Hollywood and this is what it's really good. And it is. It's a great film. And the the, the proof with that one is, is that people still refer to it. Thank you for what you said. I mean you are, and you're right. It holds up Oh My God, but at the time it just sort of disappeared. And, I. KI kind of, you know, That was my first taste of Oh.


Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Oh, you gotta keep trying, you gotta keep throwing the spaghetti at the wall 'cause until it sticks. Right. But Yeah Yeah. But, but yeah. And I think. Yeah. You know, it's funny you do have that again as a mo as a consumer of it and, and somebody who watched it and, and adored it. To me, to me it was a hit could be in the sense that it worked and it was brilliant and all that kinda So I walked outta the theater with whomever and say like, God That was an incredible film and blah, blah blah. So I've sort of put it in that place that it's an incredible film. I don't know if the funny that right Account, funny how that happens. Yeah. The accounts At the Studio because it sticks. No, exactly. But it's funny how, you know, if, if it stays in your, I mean, it's not one of those we look back on and go, well it was, yeah. It, it worked at the time.


But, you know, again, this is why it's such a shame in a way that films are judged on their, you know, open box office can box, box office. Yes. You think let's come back and re-review this in 10 years, five years, 10, 20 Yeah. Well, That's one of the things I like about streaming, right? Like there is no sort of scorecard there. There's no sort of results. It's just, it's up there. And if you like it, you tell somebody about it and then they, they watch it. They might like it. And it's just, people then experience it when they want how they want. And I just, I like that. It's just on, its on the merits. There's no, it's not qualified By, and old catalogs get rediscovered again. Right. Yeah Yeah isn't, someone was saying that Grey's Anatomy is this is this show Yeah Yeah.


It's suddenly being watched by everybody. Oh, all these shows. There's the, what's the show? The Suits. The suits, yeah. Oh, yeah. Suits has had this thing where everybody's, people are like, oh, have you watched Suits? And I. But I wonder what the algorithm or their, their thing says to Let's try Suits. Let's try g Grey's Anatomy Yeah. You know, like, I wonder, I it's interesting, you know, Jude Well yeah, go ahead. Sorry. Sean I was, I was just, you go, you go, you go. You go, you Go. You, you know what? I'm going, I was just gonna say this, which is, so you do Gatica and you come out and it brings you out here and, and it kind of introduces and brings you to Hollywood. And then what was the gap? You did, you did that and then you did, I want to say that you did well what the time between that and talented Mr.


Ripley. Yeah. Because those were both late nineties films that were really amazing, impactful films. Yeah. Ripley raised Ri Ripley really raised my game because of the nominations and, and the Yeah. Other people in it. There was a little bit of a, there were a few, you know, tumbleweed moments between Gatica and Ripley where, because Gatica hadn't been a financial hit. I was, I did a, i I I, you know, I did a couple of smaller parts and, but still there's that thing of, you know, you, this isn't, it's not consistent. And Rip Ripley really was a leap for me. And Then you were on the set with another G Matt Damon. I'll bet you. Yeah.


You had a great time with him too. Another Yeah. I mean, he could be, he's a little, I mean He's not bright, but No, he's not bright. Matt's really not that bright. But gosh, he's really hot and cold, let's be honest. And he blew it. He blew it at Wordle this morning. I will say This. Hey, I busted two days ago. I bet you did too. I did not. Everybody else busted on that day and I did not. What was six name? What Was, what was it again? Was it Radar or something like that? No, no, no, no. I'll tell you right now. 'cause Bob texted me about it and he was like, what did you get today? Have You, have you tried Cordle? Oh my, Don't, don't get him started. Jude. I do Cordle on Curle and Wordle all three every morning with Matt and this two other guys every morning for three years.


That's consistent. Every morning. Okay, get back to your guest, So I, get back to your guest. Wait, so you do a couple tumbleweeds and then you do Ripley. Did you know Anthony Anthony Magella before? No. He, I was working. I did this, I did this really odd little film with a, with a director from Hong Kong and Anthony's wife was one of the producers on it. And he was watching the, the rushes for that while he was casting. I mean, what I, I, I look back on that decision. That's the way that that works. I don't know. He, I don't know how, I mean, I dunno what he saw. I can tell you mean it's amazing. It's Amazing. Saw some raw talent and somebody pretty easy on the Ice.


Hell of a leap though Was was his daughter Hannah, around the great Hannah Man gala, the Great Hannah a Max Max who's now a director, was like a little boy on set of that. He was, I think whenever say 10, Was Hannah there too? Hannah was around, yeah, absolutely. Ah, Yeah, that's great. And in that way, now That was shot in some beautiful spots too, right? Yeah. I mean, I look, you know, on location in all down the coast in Italy, we, we, we, we rehearsed at the famous Chin Cheetah studio in, in Rome. And then we shot in Rome, we shot in Isia, which is this beautiful island. Oh. yeah. Off, off Naples. Near Capri. Near Capri. It's, it, there's three then Proda and yeah, it was beautiful.


Yeah. So that, so But you, you're down there. Sorry, I just wanna say because I, oh God, this is so delicious to me. It's you, Sean. I think Will's falling in as much in love with him as I am. And I been in love with, with Will. I've been in love with Jude since the, since we had that dinner over at our buddy's house a few months ago. What, What a great dinner. Yeah Yeah. I was another. You were there too. I thought it was at Table for two. We all there. That was a great dinner. So it was you and Matt and, and Gwyneth Paltrow and Phil Hoffman. Phil Hoffman, The, the great Phil Hoffman, Kate Bunch, Yeah Yeah, I mean, what did, and, and then Anthony Magella directing and you're in Italy. And then my question is, when you do something like that, it's kind of like the Gatica thing in a way, but it's different.


Do you, are you able to, in the moment, did you appreciate it? Did you have moments where you went like, man, this is really amazing or not. Is it wasted on you? Not As much as I wish I had Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. There's a bit of me looking back, But now you can I'll bet. I well, Yeah, I'm better at it. But there's, you know, in that I kind of thought, well, this is what movies are like, you know, sitting on a beach and sailing a yacht and hanging out with all these cool young movie stars. And it, it was, it was exceptionally special because of the, you know, the, the goodwill that an Anthony had deservedly been given through the success of the English patient.


And, and the people that he had assembled were, you know, pretty, pretty extraordinary group from, from the cast to all the crew. But it was, it was a, it was a great, a great experience and I wish I'd been a little better at just yeah. Living in it and, and realizing how special it was. Yeah. But the number of projects that you've done, you know, speaking about your ability to assess whether you're, you know, on board a sinking ship or not, you know, it's just the number of projects that you've done is just Yeah. Outstanding. And they're all like huge hits. Well, yeah, I mean that's, I mean, there's a lot of people that have worked a lot, but it's just because they just, they they, they don't like home and they'll just do whatever, whatever.


Everything you've done has been incredible. You've certainly been incredible in it. Some of, you know, out of the, the the out of your own power J jb but some of the, but also not, not just the volume, but how different a lot of them have been tonally Is, and also just like doing Shakespeare on Broadway and shit. Yeah. I mean, like this guy, you, you don't know who you're dealing with with this guy. Yeah, Jude, I remember like, like Jason just said, all these great things that you've done your whole life. And then I remember when Spy came out with Melissa McCarthy, And, I was like, is that Jude? Law? Like it was the greatest left hand turn ever. I was like, I've never seen Jew do something like this. It was so Good.


I was just, I was just mad about her. I just so wanted to work with her. Yeah, she's credible. Yeah and Witness. I I think a lot of, honestly, I've, I I I've been thinking about this recently about why, what what kind of drives me. and a lot of it is curiosity. It's why I've kind of done different franchises too. I sort of, you know, I really, I'm a bit of a film nerd. Like I just love going to the movies. I'm going to, you know, seeing stuff and having an opinion. But I'm also kind of dead curious about how do they do that? How's that done, Yeah? And, and she was, she was flying at that time and her and Paul Fagan that, that work that they were doing. I just wanted to witness it. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. I'll be honest, I did not feel I was in my comfort zone really.


I was sat, there's a scene opposite her. I suddenly realized very clearly, oh, you are the straight guy. Okay, this is fine. I can play that because, 'cause Paul's coming over writing all these notes and try that, try this, and she's just firing off diff I mean, I'm holding it together, just trying to, keeping a straight face. Right. Yeah, Yeah. I'm just sort of just, just don't lose it and really make a fool of yourself. Yeah. But my goodness, the speed. Yeah. And the ideas and then just then like, talk about going off, you know, on a tangent, you're sitting there thinking Yeah, what, what are you talking about Oh? Yeah. She's an absolute, she's an absolute comedy. Titan Yeah. I mean Melissa McCarthy is great Yeah and, and also by the way, should be mentioned. Our good friend. Well my good friend Jason.


Yours too. Pete Serafin, which is in that film as well. Yes. Py our, the great lovely Pete. He's, He's fantastic. In that film, there's a scene where the two of them, I think handcuffed together. Yes. Right. And they're kind of lying on top. So it's a weird sort of sex make out scene. Can we escape? God, he's good. He he's so good. And by the way, a great pizza story last year, I hadn't spoken to him in about 18 months, maybe almost two years. And we, we were, we were quite good friends years ago. I mean, we still are, but we sort of hadn't talked to each other. And, and out of the blue I texted him. So what else is going on? Oh, and after not, I saw that it been a couple years.


That's good. That's good. And he answered almost immediately. That's about it. So, so funny. That's good. So Jude, with all, with all of the, the, the, the great incoming calls, I'm sure you get. How do you, is there, there, I'm sure you, you base your choices on many, many things, but is there one thing that, that is above all else, will, will drag you towards a project? Is it, is it, is it the, is it the direct, sorry, I Was just so is this seems like Money? No. Yeah, well, But I mean, look, you know, there's, there's there. Everyone needs it. Is it, is it filmmaker? Is it role, is it location? Is it money?


Is it schedule? Is there one thing that is most important to you ever? Or is it change? I kind of balance it up. You know, I love the idea of a challenge a little bit, like the role I play in the order, which just felt like something completely new and different. And the opportunity to work with someone like Justin on that, who I knew would I was in good hands and he would, he'd sort of take me there, he's the director, But, you know, those films, Justin Kelle, Yeah Yeah. And he, he, that experience was a very good experience, you know, but But, you have to balance a film like that with, you know, then I was like, okay, now I need to pay my rent. So you, you gotta kind of find something that's gonna balance that out. But also Black Rabbit, I'm curious, God, he fuck.


Gee, what a shot in the nuts. He did your thing for the money. Fuck Dude. You're in love with the guy. You've had a great experience and he only did it for the fucking Do. And while he was there, he did a great job. You're A paycheck to him. Keep going dude. Sorry, I interrupted. It's all, it's, I mean, you mentioned kind of all the, the, the, the boxes that you check Right? All and all of them at a different time have a different order. So sometimes yeah, it's where are we filming this, who's in it? Who all of those things come to play, Family, like we're bringing kids and all that kind of stuff is important too. Yeah. So I mean specifically over the last two years, I've got a house that's being renovated and I'm having one of those nightmares and it's just going on and on and on.


So me and my wife and the two little ones, I've just been like, okay, well let's just travel the world. Let's just go wherever I'm working. So we've been probably Two years. For two years. Wow. So we really have, we've been in California, then we were in Canada and then France and then Australia and then New York. So it's been, wow. It's been while. But that, so it really has been just following the, following the work and The kids love it. And they're very little. They're both, they're both under five. So it's not like Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, you know, they're, they're, as long as we are both there looking calm and happy, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, they're calm And happy. Exactly. Exactly. Do you, do you ever find, like, I, I always find that fascinating when you do have the schedule that you do, do you miss a home base?


Do you miss a, like a groundedness to come back to? I thought I would more, but I really haven't. And we found some really beautiful homes around and, and, and some not so great. But, but mostly really good experiences. I tell you what, I have found hard, I found it really hard going back to UK because without my house, like I, I had this lovely home there for I've, you know, I've, I've always lived there, but going there as a visitor and sort of renting something, it just doesn't feel right. It feels, yeah, It feels weird. It's really disconcerting. I was just there for a couple of weeks to see my family, my, my, my parents and I dunno, but equally I've learned, I quite like being a foreigner. I quite like being a a, a foreigner in a city.


It feels slightly less emotionally tiring. I dunno why in the uk, you know, if I read the news about the UK and I'm like, oh, not again, what are they doing? You know, I feel so emotionally, but it's like, it's like your, it's like your uncle letting you down, you know? Oh yeah. Don't behave like that. Yeah. We don't have anything like that here, you Know? Whereas you read the paper here, here, I'm like, well, it's not my problem. Yeah Yeah. That's Nice. So when you go back and you're sitting with your parents at dinner, is there ever a time to reflect and go back like we're doing now about, hey, remember when you guys kinda lit the fuse in me with, with the theater and stuff? Like, things have worked out and A little bit. My mom's not so well, she, the light in my mom is, is, I'm sorry.


Or the spirit of my mom is slowly, slowly fading. She's happy and she's, she's not in pain, but she's, you know, she's not who she, she was very much the lightening in our family. She was the kind of trailblazer, she was the one putting on these plays and telling, you know, packing up our crazy little French dish of vo car and saying, right, we're gonna drive across France and Camp And. I mean, she just was full of energy and really, I think a big part of why I'm doing what I do and my sister does what she does. So I don't I, I miss that with her. I certainly have that with my, my sister still and my dad. And that's fun. It's nice looking back at those.


It's interesting, isn't it? The further away you get from that formative time how you can reflect on what, what, what impact it was having on you and what direction it was sending you in. You know, We'll be right back.


Everybody is unique and everyone sleeps differently. That's why Helix has several different mattress models to choose from each design for specific sleep positions and feel preferences. For me, as you know, I chose the dusk luxe, which is right in the middle, right? It's not, it's medium firm. It's not like hard firm or soft firm. It's medium firm because like my handshake, I am medium firm, but sometimes, you know, before bed I can't sleep if I'm hungry and So I throw it on a couple sloppy Joes as my melatonin And, I'm down for some major Zs on my Helix mattress counting sheep, sheep that eat Sloppy Joe's. This month you can get 25% offsite wide plus two free dream pillows with any mattress purchased. And on top of that, you can get a free bedding bundle, which includes two dream pillows, sheet set and mattress protector. With any luxe or elite mattress order, visit Helix sleep.com/ SmartLess


Sound. The alarms shopping just got better. Way better. With Rakuten getting cash back to make your money go further. Yes, please. Rakuten is the smartest way to save money when you shop, because you earn cash back at over 3,500 stores. We're talking fashion. We're talking beauty, we're talking electronics, we're talking home essentials. We're talking travel, dining, concert tickets and more. Your favorite stores like Macy's, Walmart, and Ulta, pay Rakuten to send them shoppers. And Rakuten then passes on a part of that payment to its members as cash back. Cash back is deposited directly into your PayPal account, or Rakuten can send you a check. You can even maximize your savings by stacking cash back on top of other deals like store sales and coupons. You are already shopping at your favorite stores. Why not save while you're doing it? It's a no-brainer. Membership is free and it's easy to sign up. Get the Rakuten app now and join the 17 million members who are already saving cashback rates. Change daily. See Rakuten dot com for details. That's R-A-K-U-T-E-N. Your cashback really adds up.


You know what I'm kind of known for my deep voice. I think Will's is a little high. Mine's probably a little deeper, which can be useful for a commanding respect from pets, making anyone a convincing superhero. But having a very deep voice can also be helpful for getting hired for advertising campaigns. But a deep voice doesn't sell B2B and advertising on the wrong platform doesn't sell B2B either. That's why if you're a B2B marketer, you should use LinkedIn ads. LinkedIn has the targeting capabilities to help you reach the world's largest professional audience. That's right. Over 130 million decision makers all in one place. All the big wigs and medium wigs, also small wigs who are on the path to becoming big wigs. That's enough about wigs. LinkedIn ads allows you to focus on getting your B2B message to the right people. So does that mean you should use ads on LinkedIn instead of hiring the man with the deepest voice in the world? Yes. Yes, it does. Get started today and see why LinkedIn is the place to be, to be. They'll even give you a $100 credit on your next campaign. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash smartlist to claim your credit. That's LinkedIn dot com slash smartlist. Terms and conditions apply.


And back to the show. And having done all the stuff that you've done and, and, and really proven any point you ever would've wanted to make or, or, or, or make people proud or yourself proud, like, I can't imagine that there's any box left unchecked But, you tell me is, is there, is there something, if it came your way, you go, ah, yeah. That I have not yet done, or I've been avoiding. You know, is it a, is it a fricking musical? Is it a voice in an animated film? Is it, I mean, you've just touched so many things. There are, There are definitely filmmakers out there that I would, that I admire immensely and would really love to work with.


And yeah. then And, there's there, there's the odd part. Yeah. But not, not sort of, I mean, there are roles in, in Shakespeare that I'd love to play one day on stage, but that, that's sort of not, not necessarily immediately so brave, but honestly, something you, And I talked about and something you are so good at encouraging, I've seen you do it with others, is, is directing Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I love, I, I love the idea of it. It's scares the hell outta me. You make it look incredibly straightforward and easy. I dunno how you do that. I mean, watching you direct lead that team out of the gate and perform in it was really quite remarkable, mate. Wow. And, and it, it, it kept making me think, having A partner like you makes it easy.


Truly. It makes it, it made, it made me really look at it and consider, again, you said it scares me because of the scale of the decisions And the, is it one of those, because you thought like, fuck if this guy could do it, then Anybody Could. Exactly. That's, I get that. That makes Sense. It's not as scary if this Simpleton, if this No, he, I talk a little bit about it because he is, and, and Jason is, and we are so proud of him. We, we love him dearly and we're so proud of what he's been able to do. Yeah. What it was like working with Jason as, as a director. Talk a little bit about that because We did talk about it. haven haven't had anybody on here really to talk that experience. Okay. The mood first. I, I, so talking to those who don't know, talk about His explosion.


Yeah. The explosion. Yeah. This is the thing, you know, you guys will know, the most important thing, I think on a film set is the atmosphere, right? Yeah. It's a massive team. All these different groups and skill sets doing all their, these different things. But they all wanna be appreciated. They all want their, their their time, and they will need their time. And Jason's just a master at keeping that going. And every, I mean, the spirit on this com of this company, I've gotta tell you, cast crew, everyone was so positive. I mean, That was demonstrated the end. We had a wonderful wrap party. Everybody's there with their family. Everyone stays from like, you know, early doors to the close. I mean, it was so, which is unusual. Popular. That's unusual. Yeah. It is unusual. Yeah. Yeah and That was led by him. And the style of the piece was, was set up by Jason because it was his, how he saw it.


And he, like I said, led us outta the gates. He directed the first two. And so setting that up and getting that right and sort of, what's the word? Ingraining it in the DNA of the piece, and then as an actor, right? And then he's also there as an actor playing opposite you, leading by example. But also there was the, you know, there's there, there are those moments where suddenly it's just those little, little tiny words of suggestion or little tiny nudges. Like, this is great, this is good, but why should we go down this path? Should we try this? And it, it's those moments where you feel like, oh, this is so much fun, Yeah, this is right. You're kind of playing. And you know, you know, even if you're doing a really dramatic scene, it's, you're kind of giggling to yourself thinking like, oh, we are doing this.


Like, you know? Right. And the, and our parents are out of town. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. And we're allowed to, we can keep going. Yeah. JB do you have that? A little bit of like, I can't believe I got the keys to the car here. Oh, every second of the day. Yeah. And the toys, Yeah Yeah all the, exactly. And it was also sort of like, you gotta be such a smarty pants when you're directing and, and be sort of serious. And you gotta think about every, every corner of the room. But that this character I was playing was such a dingbat, like a lovely sort of like just simpleton. And so having to throw that switch in between, like, okay, here we go. Ready? Yeah. Okay, let's, let's roll. And then I, I was sort of joking. I told you I said, you know, the, the, the, the sort of the, what do you call it?


The, the, the, the, the fix or the, the, the secret to going into my character. All I have to do is just separate my jaw because this guy's kind of a mouth breather. Mouth, mouth breather, Yeah. I go from director to this character by just separating my jaw. And we're ready to go. Here we go. Let's roll. That's really Funny. Well, I will say, I will say before you'd actually directed, you'd actually, you'd actually directed before. But I will say our experience of working on Arrested development, Jason was the ultimate team Captain. Yeah, Yeah. I also learned a lot about what it takes to be a, a captain doing Yeah. No, but what it, what it takes to be a captain from, from that guy, it was potentially the only thing I learned. Because he has nothing else to teach you.


I can get you to 10. I can count, you can count to 10 about have To teach you. And, and what, what do you, what's your impression, Jude? Just a quickly thin slice of Sean. Take a look at him over there. I look like a Thin slice, slice, take of white Bread. I mean, and be honest, be brutally honest. The idea, I like the, I I'm going join Sean in that bubble. I think I like the idea of being pushed Around to zip him in. Yeah, Let's just, He's just trying to keep his powder dry for the Star Wars section of the interview, which we can start now. Shawnee, if you're all set, And I. I that. And, but I have one question bef I am ready to go on that. But one question before Scotty slides in on a chair, like starting that we can update just, Just like this.


We were just saying stuff. No, Jude, we, you know, we touched on it before a little bit. I want to go back just for a second. That kind of air that time when you're sitting between jobs and you're like, God, is something gonna come. And that uncertainty of what we do. When you were younger and you went through those, did you have other jobs? Did you, is there any a time or like, God, I should start thinking of something else to do with my life, because I don't think anything's gonna come and then talented Mr. Ripley comes, or whatever it is. Fortunately not And. I lived a pretty simple life early on. And then I became a father pretty young. And that would be all consuming. So that I was always, I mean, it, it, it, it, there was always something to do.


So fatherhood didn't scare you into thinking about another occupation? Well, luckily, like a more steady, it Was never that. It was never so much that I suddenly thought, and if it was, then I was usually saved by the life support of another job or a potential another Job. Yeah for sure, for sure. But I realized in the last couple of years, it's been a really big shift for me with, with my company. Because suddenly, even if, you know, they're not coming to fruition, although we've, we've had a pretty good run. So in the last couple of years, just having the sense that you've kind of got your, you've got your hands on the reins and you can develop stuff and you're communicating with writers and directors. And This is riffraff with the great Ben Jackson, Great Ben Jackson, who's been alongside me for like 22 years.


And, and, and the company has given me a much better sense of navigating those, those moments of thinking. 'cause, 'cause ultimately you're still an actor, right. Waiting for someone to think you are right for a part. Right. Right. But if you can cook your own food, you know? Yeah. It's, that's a real, a privileged place to be. And, and you don't take it lightly. And, and you work really, really hard as a producer, as does he, Yeah Yeah. I love it. I like the process of, I love finding ideas. I love introducing writers to directors and seeing that kind of blossom and bloom and that it's a sign. I love It. That's the way it happened with order. Right. Didn't, didn't you contact Justin Kelle for, for this? That's right. That's Right.


Yeah. Tell, tell. What was that conversation like? Did you know him before? No, not at all. You were just a fan of Massive Fan. And, and you know, when you suddenly someone, and it's never me. I'm, I'm really good at chiming in, having an opinion, but I'm never someone, I'm never very good with a blank page. You know, when people go, okay, let's discuss the directors, I always go, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Right? And, you know, you can't be, I want to be smart with all smart one and goes, I've got a left of field idea. I'm always like, do you go first and then And, then I'm really strong to go, no, no, no. Not them. Not them, not them. Yeah. Yeah. But someone mentioned Justin, I think it was Zach, or it could have been Brian, Zach Bain, Zach Bain, our wonderful rider who we worked together on Black Rabbit. And it just was one of those, oh yes, this is a perfect fit.


This guy makes, this guy looks at really dark areas and kind of toxic people, but puts them in a world where you, you start, there's, it's not about empathizing with him, But. you understand them and he makes it kind of safe. And you go into their worlds. And then he also operates on this high energy. He's a, he's a big guy, and he loves capturing the energy of scenes and drama. And he was just the perfect fit. So yeah, we, we had, it was, we zoomed with him. He was in his, he was in his house in Tasmania with his big beard. And it looked literally like, and his hair all blown. It looked like he'd just come off a, you know, hauled in a whale and kind of come in, come in and sat there like this.


And just blew us away with his, his insight. He's like, yeah, I think I can do this. Yeah. And then And then, when we were looking to get a director for the finale of Black Rabbit, Zach and, and Jude, and, and, and Zach's partner Kate, they suggested Justin Cze. And I was like, are you fucking kidding? We're not gonna get Justin Cze to direct the finale of this thing. And they're like, no, no, no. We can ask him. What do you mean you can ask? How do you know him? Well, we just finished a movie with him. Come on, you guys just did a movie. So I had no idea that they had just worked with Justin. And thank God it went well. 'cause they, they reached out and asked him, and he Answered the phone. He said, Yeah Yeah. And was the, was the reaction from the crew when he came to, was there, like, now we got a director on, Now we can get going.


Exactly. I saw that There was a lot of Heed that up. I know, I know, I know. But by the way, if I don't do it, if I didn't say that, Jason would call me after and say, are you okay? Like, are you sick? You were a little slow there. You were slow Under the weather. Let's talk about Star Warsan. Yes. And or acolyte. Where does Star Wars skeleton crew come in the line? I mean, it's, it's absolutely standalone, right? Oh, it is. I like that. Yeah. I mean, it, it fits in, I think it's around the same time as Mandalorian. But here's, here's what got me. You know, I I was six seven when the first film came out. Yeah and I was thinking about this the other day.


I mean, I don't remember going, I maybe saw the Rescuers or 101 Dalmatian Yeah. Totally. And then And, then Star Wars, Yeah, Yeah, I. So to me, That was cinema I was like, holy cow, Yeah Yeah, what the hell is this? And not only that, for the next five years, it was what I played. I realized, you know, I, it was I was living it. I was running around my yard going, PP, right? I'm on You. You know, I'm va Still am Yeah Yeah. And, you know, so it was formative. And, and, and John, John Watts just had this awesome idea. He, he called me and said, so look, you know, what if we all that awe and wonder and, and, and, and dazzled that you, that we had as kids, what if we put the kids in that world?


So it's taking Goonies, it's taking normal kids. You kind of argue and they don't get on with their parents, or they, they don't get on with each other. They don't like school. They run away. They get lost. And they're in that world. Yeah. That's cool. That's cool. That's really Cool. And I was just like, this is, this is a great idea. Yeah. Oh, I love that. Have you enjoyed, shoot that style of, of work with the sort of, the volume stages, the green screen Yeah, the, The, it was all volume. Luckily, Yeah, I mean, I think had it been all green, I don't know that I would've enjoyed it as much. I've done that before. The volume is really wonderful. Yeah, I mean, it's Super really For Tracy, this is, this is a stage that's basically every wall is like a big movie screen. So you, you Kind of living with, with high Definition. Yeah. You're living in an atmosphere. Yeah. So they, They, they, they, they put the, the flooring in.


So say you're on a moon, the floor is dust and sand and rocks and boulders. But it goes right up to the volume screen. And then the perspective of the screen just carries on. So you can be standing in a desert. Yeah, that's so cool. Disappear for hundreds of miles with ships flying around you and it, with a wind blowing, right? They use a wind machine. So you, you're, you're on, you're, for all intents and purposes, you're on that Move. And so it's not just for the viewer too, as, as an actor, when, when you're performing, you're actually seeing that you're, you're experiencing that as well. Yeah. That's really cool. Yeah. And, and, and the same goes for then a more cluttered set like a market. We did this huge space port and they built all the, you know, the machine, the, the bars and the, the stalls and what have you.


And each avenue looks like. It just goes on and on and on and on. And you've got creatures crossing over. And of course, it, it, what you've really only got is let's say 50 foot of that. And then the rest is just all on these huge screens. Yeah. That's really cool. Oh, that's so amazing. I wanna go back to Question. You could do one where you could have your dad, like he's there mean on the screen. I don't Think there's, I don't think there's Screens not, and you can have, so that he's not leaving. He's staying Yeah. You can just click the screen on pause. So he's coming happen. He's not leaving. Your family's not going away. Wait, before we get out of the skeleton crew world, talk about who else is in that with you? 'cause I think I, I read somebody that, that I know is in that with you. Who, who else is in it? Kerry, Conn and no Tunde From tv on the radio.


Oh. yeah. And then there are Oh. yeah. The four kids. Do you know Tunde? He's a, he's a lovely Guy. I met him a couple times. He's really cool. Big fan of TV on The radio. Yeah Yeah. Me too. Yeah and his interesting piece of trivia. He was great. And Rachel got married. Remember? He was in that. That's right. That's right. Demi, Demi film. Yeah Yeah. Yeah Yeah. Did they play all the music live in that? I think they did. Did they really? Like In real time. Wow. I think That was, That was That was the idea on that film that when, 'cause remember they're in a band and they're all playing at the wedding. I Love the way that film looked. Do you remember the color of that film and Yeah Yeah, the Ted Demi or Jonathan Demi. Oh, good question, Jonathan. Both. Both. Yeah. Jude, when you, when you named all Those Nick Frost Is Nick Frost in it?


Nick Frost is the voice of a droid. Oh, I love Nick Frost. I, Nick Frost is one of my favorite. Sorry, Sean. He's one of my favorite. I Love of all time. I love Nick. He's So I. Me too fucking, we all know. He's so fucking funny. Yeah, he Is funny. No. Anyway, when you, when you were going, Jude, when you were talking about going from city to city to, you know, in the last few years, just going all those cities you named, is it hard to keep a schedule for eating properly, working out, taking care of yourself with the time differences and then the living in a trailer and then coming back to a hotel, it seems like. So it's like, to me it seems so disruptive. Yeah. and a gorgeous life because we're all doing what we love to do. But how do you maintain a good schedule for yourself?


Allow a lot of time when I land somewhere to get over jet lag. Like, I'm not one of those people who can just pick straight up and get, I, I'm like, give me a couple of days. 'cause I, I thi I think jet lag really is like an illness. You've gotta kind of love yourself bit and go, it's like you've got flu, just go to bed. You know? And, but, but you've also then Yeah. Once you're out of that, I, I, I, I enjoy, I really like keeping fit. So I train quite hard every day. Usually before I go to work. So whatever that time is, I usually go do something for an hour. Right, right. And then I, I usually take my own food. Oh, you do? So. I could eat when I really want, I can't be doing on a set where they're like lunch and you're like, it's 5:00 PM Right. You talking like Oh. yeah. What was I meant that I gotta eat at the right time.


Right, Right, right. That's So I. So I eat. Like, I get up And, I eat in the morning. I, I make sure I've got food. So when it's midday or one I eat my lunch. Yeah. Are you particular about your food? Like, like do you eat quite healthily and et cetera? Yeah. I, I, I, I, I'll eat anything, but I, I kind of get, I get, I can feel myself getting a bit slower and odier if I, if I don't eat well. Yeah. But I'm not, I'm, I am kind of got funny relationship. Like I really love a good restaurant. I love good food. Mm. But equally, it's just fuel. You Know what I, I like lamb. You like lamb? I love lamb, lamb chops. Oh. Yeah. Hang on a second. Love lamb chops. Hey man. We're not doing non sequiturs at left field right now.


Yeah. I love lamb. You know what? I had lamb last night. I want lamb chop. I had lamb last night. I didn. Wait there at the house or did you go, did you go to a restaurant, Willie? No, I had lamb at, at home here. Yeah. And you know what I was really upset with? Was it a lamb shank? It was, it was. They were lamb chops. And, I didn't have any, somehow there was no mint jelly or mint sauce. Oh. You see, my wife loves the mid jelly. I'm not fussed by that. I, as long as there's a little, as long as it's got a little seasoning on it. Yeah Yeah. I just, I really need it. You know, Jude, we, I honestly, I I don't know about you guys. I mean, we could just keep this going forever. Probably. Yeah wanted, I told you. I know Jason. You were so right.


He's, and we're gonna save this for the wrap up. But he is something else. Jude. What an absolute delight. We have kept You way too. No, for me too. Oh. yeah. God. For me too. I'm so happy You did this. We'll do it again. Yay. When Black Rabbit comes on in about A year. Yes. We got it. And I just, I'm crazy about you. Love you. You, I'm gonna talk to you. I'm actually gonna call you right after the end of this. 'cause I need to ask a question about something. But thank you buddy for doing this. No, thank you. Enjoy the rest of your, your, your press trip. Stay rested and get back to the family and enjoy the winter. Yeah. It's what a joy. And so lovely to see the three of you. Like this has, this has been a joy. Thank you Yeah. It's good to see you, Jude. Great luck with the order. Everybody go see the order.


It's so damn gonna down guys. Go needs see anything that in people to see it and talk about. Go see it. Go see it. Go watch it. Go stream it. Go see it. Jude, you are a gentleman. Thank you sir. Take care. Thanks buddy. You buddy. Good. Best wishes you Bye bye. Do I do that? Yep. He did it. He did it. He's fantastic. So guys, I'm telling you, this guy, if you think he's great on a, on a podcast or a Zoom call, try going in the trenches with him for eight months. It's just a great, you always talked about how much joy you had with him, Jason Yeah, Yeah. You really did. And, and you and you. And it was unsolicited. Like you would just be like, God, that your law, while you were making it from every stage of it, you're like, God, this guy is great, God, you know, blah, blah, blah.


Like you were just, and you meant it. Yeah Yeah, you know, he's one of the best partners ever. I'll tell you one of the other ones was, was guy we mentioned was Matt Damon. Did that Yeah that that little bit on air. And it's, I mean like, just the level of experience and professionalism with these guys is, is just not to be undervalued on Yeah. Yeah on a in a Also probably comes from gratitude too. Like we all know what it's like not to work. And then when you get, you know exactly when you're Yeah. You're lucky enough to Yeah definitely appreciate where they're at. Super jb have you ever seen that? Gatica? I did, but I don't, I don't remember it. Which is not A Sean, you've seen it, right? I can't believe I've never seen it, Sean. I know. I'm, I'm gonna watch it. I really Urge people And I.


Again, I don't want to, I've waxed on a lot about it. But that, that film is really a remarkable film and it's really good. And, and Jude is so, it, it's hard to imagine that it's one of the first things he did. 'cause he's so excellent in it. You Know, he never, he's one of those actors. Never sucks. Never, ever. You're exactly right. Chap. He's in the John Goodman school. Right. He never ever sucks, ever Actors who know kind of what their goalposts are Yeah and have the discipline to not, you know, or the overindulgence to step outside of that. Like, he finds a version of himself and every character that he does, and yet he never plays anything safe. Yeah. So, you know, it's just Pretty cool. Thank you for bringing him on.


Yeah Yeah. I, I'm, I'm I was so happy to be able to have him. 'cause obviously he should have been your guest. But I was happy to I'll get him next year. Well, I wanted him a long time ago. Yeah. Before you guys started working together. Oh, really? Yeah Yeah. So I wanted him a long time ago. And then it just sort of, this is when it happened. I'm glad that we made it through the entire interview without talking about fucking Robert Downey. You know what I mean? I mean, oh, that Guy. Geez. I mean, Sherlock, because Downey has gotten so much fucking free air. I'm so mad at Downey. What? You Know What I mean? 'cause why? Just in general? Just because, Just success. The success. His success and And I know he's very deserving of it, blah, blah.


But I'm just kind of, you know, But you Well, let's have a counterpoint. Where do you think he's over indexing Opinions? Yeah. He's, he, he'll just, he'll call me. He'll you wanna talk about FaceTime? You always, he faced Downey FaceTimes in a way, like it's so outta the blue. He FaceTime and then And, then he's in the bath and he'll go, you know, I was thinking what you should do And. I'm like, fucking what man? Towel Off. I love that. And just call me or write me. Yeah. I do love him. I do love him to death though. I will say, I fucking love he, he's doing a, A big play. Go see his play. He's doing that. Go see McNeil with our good friend Robert Downey. He's, I think It's probably closed by now.


What depends when this airs Oh. yeah. It depends on what it airs Lincoln Center. But I tell you what never closes is Jude lost talent. Oh, So good. That is open. It's always open. Always open. 24 7. Think about all Jay, you said, and, and Sean, you named it like all, think about all the different films that he's, when I was thinking about, but You're not even touching his theater. I, this guy's been on Broadway with like fellow or Hamlet or Macbeth or probably all three of 'em. I think he got a Tony nomination for one of those Yeah. Yeah. He did Yeah or maybe one. I mean, he's just done. Yeah, he's he did I We did, we didn't mention We, did not mention the, the Sherlock Holmes films, which were major, major, major hits.


Road to Perdition. You ever seen that incredible Movie Yeah So good. I incredible that Movie. Cold Mountain. He got an Academy Award nomination for That was amazing. ai. He was in that film. AI Back in Yeah, I love that. Like 20 years ago. Yeah. And, I Enemy, the Gates. You ever seen that film Enemy at the gates where he plays, I think he plays like a, A Sniper in Stalin. Gro. Is that the one? Seen that? Oh wow. Really? No, I haven't seen That one. Oh dude, I'm up for all the same parts all the time. You are three callbacks. You've been up for them. Yeah Yeah, the animated version of each of these. No. Have you sniper? Real snipers. Yeah. Real snipers. Really? Yeah. Sniper City. One's called Sniper City. The other one's called Sniper. Sniper City Sniper. It's one another one's called Sniper. I didn't even know her.


Wow. Yeah, you know what? I haven't heard of it. I wonder who all Of those, those are out. Those are out now. I wonder who they were written. Those were written by Jason doesn't even say it. No, Say bye Jason. Bye. Smart. Smart. SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm. JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter.


Smart Less.


What's your boldest, truly ambitious life goal. Everyone has one and everyone deserves a way to get there. That's why State Street offers a wide variety of ETFs to give all investors access to the market and the chance to reach their goals. Like with DIA where you get 30 us blue chip stocks in a single trade, wherever you are heading, getting there starts here with State Street. Before investing, consider the funds investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Visit ssga.com for prospectus containing this other information. Read it carefully. DIA is subject to risks similar to those of stocks. All ATS are subject to risk, including possible loss of principle. AFS Distributors Inc. Distributor.