
It takes a lot to grow your business. A, lot of audience attracting a lot of lead scoring and all the channel managing you can manage. Plus a lot of long days, late nights and weekends. A, lot of wishing there was an easier way. But with HubSpot's new collection of AI tools Breeze, it's easier than ever for marketers to attract audiences, increase leads, and score customers fast. Which means pretty soon your company will have a lot to celebrate. Visit Hubspot dot com slash marketers to learn more.


Guys, when it comes to getting your haircut, don't go just anywhere. Visit the specialists who live and breathe men's hair at Sport Clips, haircuts. Stylists undergo special training to be the experts in men's hair, making them the masters of Mullets, finessers of fades and understudies of the undercut. It's easy to have confidence in your look when you are in the hands of a pro. Just another way. Sport Clips helps keep your head and your hair in the game. Sport Clips, it's a game changer.


Hello, listener. We're we're in the middle of a a, a songwriting operation here with Sesh. with Sean p Hayes. Okay. Here. it goes like this. We are three guys talking today. Hey. Hey. We, one of us just might be gay. Hey. Hey. There's just two that might, okay. Can, can I just stop you? Can I. just Wait. Can I just Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Sorry. Might be gay. Yeah. cause nobody knows which one of the three of us is You. think that Nobody knows which one of the three of us. No one of us is definitely gay. Can you work that? Okay. So everybody knows 5, 6, 7 talking about We are three guys talking today. One of us is definitely gay. Hey. Hey, Welcome to SmartLess.


Smart. Smart. So Sean, you're still in New York City. Yeah, I am. Would You, would you ever consider living there full time? It's funny you say that. No, because Scott, Scott And, I had a long conversation about it. It's, it's, We have the short version. Yes. I mean, this is what, well, this is the rhythm of the question.


Answer, walk, dynamic, Walk through watches. As you're sitting in a chair, Scotty brings a couple Pop-Tarts. He puts 'em in front of you. Says Sean, I wanna talk to you about something. Yes. Right. No, I I I, for the first time ever, I've been kind of getting used to it. Like I, I underst 'cause I associate the city with work and work only. Right. And because I've had some extra downtime, I was like, oh, I finally get it. Like I'd never walked through Central Park. I walked through through Central Park all the time. Now I was like, God, this place is huge. And it's beautiful. By the way, you know what I do when I walk? I started walking in Central Park at Dusk, you know? Okay. Yeah. And what I do is I flex my lats and hold my head up really high because I'm scared somebody's, you know, to make myself appear bigger than I am. You know, So I. And you think the lots will do it.


Yeah. Because get scared. You, You think that your lats are scared Off Would Be It's like a cobra. You know, you flare out the back. That's Right. That's exactly right. Yeah. You make yourself seem bigger. Hey, I'm gonna, fuck, we got one right here. We got a live one. Right. Oh, fuck. Are you crazy? Look at the lots on this guy. Look The fuck. Like a bat stand away Board aboard abort The great will spec knows how to flare out the whole back bat wings. Yeah, I do though. I get scared when Sean quick que Yeah. The, the blanket that's draped over the, the, the chair behind you who did it? I did it. You did that. You fold it and then you drape it. Yep. And You did the drape And it's, it's nice. Yeah. Do you, you're Not a pillow, you're not a pillow.


Karate chopper. Yeah. Thanks. Sorry, JB Yeah. You're not a karate Chopper. Scotty probably a little bit more than me. Yeah. I I don't care about that as much. Yeah, Well, but a little bit more. So you're saying you're both going around chopping pillows? Yeah. That's not a euphemism. Well, this is a Listen But, you know, it's Sean and Scotty have nice things. Look, look, look, look at behind him there. It's very taly done. We, we've got, we've got it's lovely stuff on the, on the, on the, on the bookshelves. Other than it's lovely than books. Lovely. Yeah. JB have you been to their apartment in New York? No. Never invited. That's Terrific. Oh, it's great. I invited you. I asked you guys you had to work, but I said you and Frannie come over when Frannie was in just the Once. Have you been in New York recently at all? JB Yeah Yeah. You have since January. Yeah.


Yeah Since January. Okay. Oh my God. Please come over anytime. No, no, No. Why late? Why start now? Yeah. Will you've been there a couple times? I have. Yeah. After you guys guys got back from Istanbul, did you go through there? I keep a, I fucking, I keep a, I keep a few things there just because I'm there so much. Do you really? No, I don't. You fucking dum. No, it's, Hey wait. Sean, what'd you just pull up in frame there? Is that, oh, that's thing we're talking about with scotch. Is it Apple juice Is apple juice. Oh God. It's so good. Right? With a lot of ice. Apple Juice with ice. Yes. You have a Real I don't, I I'll bet you a half a dozen max of our listeners know someone that drinks a glass of milk or three every day. Yeah. And apple juice on ice.


That's right. I mean, you are, you are. Absolutely. You are. Mr. Americana. Yeah. You gotta not just that. It's like, it's like 1973 Yeah in your House. Yeah. I have Poptarts Too. No, we know Man. And slippers. And, And then you have a, you guys have a a I got jb I got JB a pair of these. Yes, you did. Wait, we've got a, we've got a guest way now. You know what Sean? I know we do have a guest. I do wanna say this. Sean. You were the first person and now I do it. This is years ago. And he was wearing slippers, And, I. Go, Hey man, are you wearing slippers at dinner? No Way. And he goes, and he wore them out. And I kind of went like, I guess it's okay to wear slippers out. I've never done, it's not Because I'm just going to my house. It's not to go sit down and eat and then go back to my house.


Right. Do you know what I mean? Well, sweatpants is the universal sign for when you've hit fuck it. Right. When you're wearing sweatpants outside. But. you Well, JB we live in an era now though, where everybody, you know, they've call it athleisure to try to dress it up. So, and it's a huge, it's a huge in industry athleisure. It's a huge athleisure Quarter of the Stop saying that. Well, I've never heard it before. Yeah. So when you see people out during the day and you're at the fucking Beverly Center and they're wearing stretchy pants and a stretch up and you're like, are we in a, are we in a workout class together? And they're like, I just walk around the world like this. Right. But it's so comfortable. I know. No, I know. It's comfortable. But so are my so my fucking pajamas. But like, what am I doing? Yeah. Well, or naked. We're not allowed to walk around Naked. Naked.


Yeah. We're not at your house, man. Yeah, We're not All shit. You know what I get? I, I, I could never do it, but I get like, I don't like jeans or, or, or pants that are super tight. You know, they're constricting. I could go anywhere. go Ahead. So, I. I get, I get wanting to wear Ale. This is a humble brand. Am I saying he needs a lot more room in there than most people? I just, I just think that the whole, I think that there's an entire segment of our population that has hit Fuck it. It's not even fucking that They think that it's appropriate to, like, by the way, you know, I'm, I wear shorts out sometimes and a t-shirt, but I, I'm not like, I don't say Right now. Jason, how much longer do you have to go on the show? Two weeks. Oh, that's it.


That's, can you believe It? That's, and then it's all coming on now. Is it beard and hair at the same time? Yeah. Over the course of two, two or three days. Yeah. 'cause we've gotta do the, I can't wait to see clean shaven And clean. I know. I can't, I I'm, I'm gonna look so weird. Yeah. Will you miss this? Look, I'll look old probably. Right? Yeah Yeah. Do you think I'll look older dur than, than, than the, sorry I Meant to say dur, Right? Because Because One, one Our guest liked it. Yeah. She's, she seems like she's in a good mood. She's in a very good mood. You know what, let's get to her. She's, she's so much fun. Yeah. She's been waiting too long. Because I wanna hear what she has to say about your face and, and your beard coming off and stuff. And I'm really excited because I love having a good friend on here.


Especially like an old friend's friend. Somebody who likes to laugh and have a good time. Mix It up. Do we all know her? Do we all know her? Somebody, I don't know how well you two guys know her. I, she, And I have been friends for a number of years and I'll tell you why. 'cause you'll guess once I say why, but she is. I And, I don't like it. You know, there's this thing now where people say in the world all the time, Oh, my God, you're my favorite human. I that expression drives me Crazy. Yeah. That's Funny. It's almost, it's almost up there with wearing fucking stretch pants To the store. Like, there are dogs that outrank you, but as far as humans go, they People use that. You're my favorite human. Just say person. You're one of my favorite people. You don't need to say human. But anyway, she is one of my favorite humans human.


And So I'm gonna use it. I'm breaking my own rule because I'm a hypocrite through and through. And she's just such a wonderful person. She's so fun to, to laugh with and talk to. She's, oh, we see super smart, super cool. But then when you look at So, I wanna say that I, I, I love her as a person. And. I also love and respect her as an artist, as a performer. She's so amazing. I, we, she's been nominated for umpteen Emmy awards and she's won Golden Globes and Critics Choice Awards for lots of different stuff. You might remember her from, you know, and on the Buzz Mickey Mouse Sean from The Mickey, Mouse Club, Mickey Mouse. You Mouse know her from Honey.


I blew up the kid. She was nominated for a young artist award for that. She's gonna kill me. You might remember her from a lot of different things. You might remember from her two episodes of Roar that she did with Heath Ledger back in the day. But you're definitely gonna remember her. Definitely hand on buzzer. Hand on buzzer. Yeah Yeah. You're definitely gonna remember her from her show, which is going to her second season soon. The Diplomat, you also know her from the Americans. You know her from Felicity. You guys just went from Kerry Russell, Russell Oh. my God Sean. Did you say, did you say Markdale? Michael Martindale I said Mark Martindale, Who is equally as great Oh. my God.


Hi. Hello. Carrie Oh. my God. It's so great. Margo Martindale. Margo. Martindale. Margo. Martindale would be my favorite guest. Margot was busy. So we got Carrie. Understood. Understood. I get it. But And I didn't even wanna mention And. I couldn't mention Matthew because if I said, once I say Matthew, then I know then, then the up So I had to like work backwards. And I know you're gonna kill me. You're not gonna kill me for The, Mickey, Mouse Club. I love, I love that. I mean, You Were on The, Mickey, Mouse, Club. Were you on when Ryan with like Britney Spears and all That Was Gosling on that as well? Oh? yeah. Oh. Yeah. No Way with them. You were on all, all of you were on the same thing. Oh. yeah. Wows crazy. Ask me anything. I This is, I mean, that is gold.


That is pure gold. Wait, Carrie. Hi. First of all, hi Carrie. Hi. So nice to see you. It is so nice to see you. So nice to see all of you. And you. Are you home? I just got home. I've been, I've been filming in London. And, I just got home just a few days ago. So I'm home getting kids ready for school. My teenagers helped me set this all this stuff up. Oh, they did? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Are you good at, are you good at adjusting time, different time zones, or are you like still on jet lag? I'm jet lag, but I really love the early mornings. So even though I'm still getting up at four, it's like such a quiet time in my house with Oh God, So, I Don't, I love just like pitter pottering Around. Lemme tell you something about Carrie and, and Jason, you're gonna appreciate this.


And Shauna goes to your question, which is she's so disciplined. It's crazy. Yeah. She can just like, kind of do anything. She's like, what's the, what what's the task? Okay, so I'll do this. So I'll get up early and I'll do the thing. Like she just does stuff. Are you a Capricorn, Carrie? I'm not. What are you? I'm an Aries. Yeah. I don't know. That's, that's, that's the end. Dunno anything about. All I know is about my own sign, Really? And, and you're well Outta the not Shocking depart. My wife can come in here and break you down. Yeah. My wife would ask you, you're rising and your moon And, I. Don't know any of that. So I. But I'm, I'm into it, but I don't, I don't know any of it, but Yeah. Wait, Carrie, do you remember that one time? This is like decades ago. Okay. You know what I'm gonna say? We were No, you were, you were, and you were with an acting coach and you came out and I was going in.


And that's when we first met. This is like 25, 30 years ago, like a super long time ago. Which acting coach, I don't remember. But it was, it was her house. It was this acting coach's house. And it was like a back, it was like a, it was like a guest house in the back. It was that crazy. And you were coming out and I was going in. I was like Oh. my God was That crazy careful kid because a lot of people listen to this. It it was that. Well she, no, she's not. She's like a really intense teacher. Yeah Yeah that she did like Al Pacino and stuff like that. Right? Oh, Crazy. Intense. Maybe. I don't know. Good. Crazy. Like, and it was behind in her house. Like, not Venice, but like kind of adjacent Venice, right? Yes. Sean. Sean. You don't remember her name either? I don't. Sean. Do you wish some of those classes had stuck? Like, do you wish some of the, I fucking wish Some.


That would've been been so fun if some of that had worked for you. I mean, Sean, I wish some of those classes would've stuck now. Sean. But yeah. Sean. No, for me, I What type of stuff? Like, would you go in there with a specific set of sides for an audition that's coming up? Oh. yeah. And you Work on it Oh. yeah, for sure. Or I got a monologue. I need a funny monologue and a dramatic monologue. Right? Yeah. Carrie, do you remember what you were doing it for? Were you up for auditioning Or? I had no idea. Maybe a movie or something that I don't know. I mean, I did like once or twice probably When I met. This is right after Felicity. Oh. So it was probably like just once or twice. Yeah. Because a friend of mine was going anyway, so Yeah. No, now tell What about what, you know, will is threatening to move to I can't keep up.


It's either, it's either, it's usually England, I think now it's Portugal. Yeah. But he's, he's, but he would like to live in, in, in England. I think Yeah as would I I think What, where did, where did coming back from there leave you? I mean, would you go back So? I've spent the past three summers filming there, which I know is, you know, a little bit of a unique existence. Like, you, you have a nice place to live, you know, you're so great. You're working, you have a job. Yeah. So there are a lot of things that are extra nice, you know, it's not like you're sure, but it is. London in the summer is a delight. Yeah. Really. I mean, it is so like breathtakingly beautiful. I I tend to live north and like by the heath And, I, wake up early morning, And I.


Just walk To the heat. Oh, He said Heath is is such a great area to live in. It is Magic. It is so magic. And I know. I agree. And, and we've, I I've loved it. I've really, really loved it. And actually, I don't think, well, I don't know, I I don't think I'm telling tales outta school, but my last week there we had this So I I'm doing, I'm on the show called The Diplomat and it's about the ambassador in in London. Who's the I'm friends with the real one, ambassador Jane Hartley, who's just Wow. Amazing and smart and cool. And the last week she said, we were like, let's go to dinner before I leave. And so we went to the River Cafe and Oh, that great actor.


Oh fuck, what's his name on the bear? Who plays the cousin Eben. Yeah. Eben joined us and we just had this like, it was just such a fun, raucous dinner. Yeah. And Rufus Sewell, who's on my show too. And, and it's just full of everyone who was, everyone was at this restaurant that night. It was like one of those magic wild moments. And I, So I Love London. Could You see yourself live living there full time? Like would your whole family Well, I Don't know, because I wonder if it's, you know, I love coming back here too. Like, you know, fall in New York is Yeah so good. Yeah Yeah I ride there. Oh, you're new Every, but if you, she's in New York, live in Brooklyn. Yeah. She lives in Brooklyn, Yeah.


Oh, fantastic. Not same Sean you live at at Zabars, but where, Where are you Sean? Where, where, where are you living? In the city now? He lives, like in Zabars. If you take a left at the plain bagels, He's, You're uptown. But if You, if you, if you lived in London, I don't know if you could, because first of all, Matthew as a Welshman, I mean he's, he'd get in too many fights. Oh My God, right? Yeah. Yeah. He, but no, but He loves Londons. He's at the pub. We know, I know Matthew. He's at the pub and then all of a sudden before it's all over, he is in a fight with a bunch of Englishmen. Right? Yeah. There, there's definitely a rivalry. But he loves Lindon too. But I of course, of course. I Know. I mean, what about your teenagers? Have they done some time there? They Have Yeah. Yeah. What'd they think? They like it. I mean, but they've kind of like, you guys probably, you know, they travel wherever we work, so Right.


Yeah, Yeah, You know. Well, so in the summer they can be with you. Yeah. And, and what would they, or would they be like, because I, you know, I've got a 12-year-old and a 17-year-old, and they just, oh, I have Exactly the same Yeah plus an 8-year-old Yeah Yeah. Lucky you. Wow. But they're like, you know, they've got, they've got their lives, you know, and they got their friends and they got their places they like to go. It is like, well, great. I'll see you when you get back, mom, dad. Oh, Definitely. Right. It's hard to, to get them away, nor do you really want to disrupt them. Jace, Your kids' names real quick. Oh fuck. Sorry. Crazy girls. Both the girls. Both the girls fun game. This is a fun game. But wait, wait, by the way, Jason and, and, and Sean. Have you guys, have you guys spent any time up in, in like near Hampstead Heath, like up in that Area, know what's No, I love London But.


You would, it would blow your mind. It would shift everything you think about living in London. What's it called? What's it called? Hamstead. Because it's like, it's like, I'm gonna look it up. It's like a massive, I wanna say park. It's kind of doing it a disservice by calling it a park. But in effect it is that it's super green and there's got a bunch of like little lakes in it and stuff where you can, you can swim. It's Wilds. It's wild. It's like a wild park. It's incredible. Could you, Carrie, could you live there or no? You're happy there? I really love it. I really love it. But I have to say, you know, we shot there. Yeah. When the strike happened, we had to make up for things. So we shot there, there over the winter. And it's different in the winter. Sure. You know, it's, it's because New York in the winter, it's, even if it's snowing or it's freezing, it can be sunny and you, it's bracing and you can still ride your bike.


go ahead. Yeah. London's just gray all winter. But it's raining. Yeah. Every day. And rain all day is different than, And cold. Right. Cold. That kind of cold that gets into your bones. Yeah. Even as a Canadian, I'm like, fuck, I'm freezing. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, So, I. I do love it. And it's so lush and it's so green. And the people, there's a real, I don't know, it's, it, it does have a different culture than we have. But it, it was just a delight. Where did you start? Where did you, where did you grow up? I moved around a lot. So I was born in California, But then I was the law. The law kept catching you. Yeah. Yeah. Then I, yeah, then I grew up, I spent 13 years in Arizona and then Colorado. And then my parents moved to Texas. So I. I, I moved, I moved around.


Where? Wait, where? Where's the first place? You said Arizona? California. California. Then Arizona, then Colorado. Okay. Got got it. Yeah. Sorry. Are you getting an email coming in? Are you distracting? What's going on? She said it like a second ago. Wait, so Carrie, so you grew up and, and so, and And. I. I knew that about. I always think of you, I always associate you with Colorado because I think you, That was my high school. High school. Yeah. Yeah. And probably that I dated a hockey player for half a second from Colorado. That's probably what you remember. That's what I remember too. You know, I remember all the hockey stuff And we will be right back. So I.


Remember when I first started out, I used to work at a box office for a ticket printing company. And then as I moved to LA I worked at a production office. So I've worked at a lot of offices. There are many different types of offices out there. One thing's for certain, choosing the right candidate for any office is a huge responsibility. Well, if you're hiring and wanna find the best candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart Technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent. So you don't waste time or money. You can invite top candidates for your job to apply to encourage them to apply sooner. Remember, if you wanna find the right candidates for your office, you need ZipRecruiter CY four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to the exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp. Ever hear people say that something is like therapy for them? Playing tennis is therapy. For me, listening to music is my therapy. Cooking is like therapy. Well, you know, it's therapy for me. You guessed it. Therapy because when it comes to sorting out issues, figuring stuff out, and just making you feel better about yourself, you can't beat the real thing. BetterHelp Online therapy is the easiest way for you to try out therapy for yourself. BetterHelp is convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Start by filling out a simple questionnaire to be matched with a licensed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Connect with them via phone, video, text or chat. Whatever works for you at a time and place that works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So if you ever struggle with depression, relationship problems, social anxiety, or family conflicts, give BetterHelp a try. It's not a substitute for therapy. It is therapy. I talk about it all the time. I've benefited from therapy myself, as you all know, I've been in New York for almost three months now. Three months is a long time to be away from home and Ricky and all my familiar surroundings and stuff like that. So I talked about it in therapy last week. Not that earth shattering end of the world, but it just helps to talk it through. And that's what therapy does for me. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ SmartLess.


Being in control of your health means being super mindful of what you put in your body. From food to supplements, everyone is always trying to find the best option out there, which is why you've gotta check out these supplements from Thorn, whether it's their B complex, creatine, magnesium, bis glycinate or vitamin D, 5,000 thorn's. Got all the supplements you need to help promote and maintain your individual health goals. So for me, I'm a Greens plus collagen plus kind of guy. I need some energy in the morning. So with a Daily Greens plus, my morning is energized with 28 powerhouse ingredients that promote physical endurance, cognitive performance, and energy production. And then, you know, my, I, I need glowing skin So I use Collagen Plus 'cause it gives my skin that glow, that kind of healthy glow. It gives my hair a little healthy shine and wrinkle reduction. And that's why I use the collagen Plus. It really works. Give your body what it really needs with Thorne. Start your health and wellness journey today@thorne.com. That's T-H-O-R-N e.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


And now back to the show. How did it happen that you became part of The Mickey? Mouse Club? Yeah. So I was a dancer in I I like with all my little dance friends in Colorado, you know, like pre-teen, teenage years. And That was my sport. And that's all I did. And a bunch of my friends went to like a giant casting call and we stood outside of like the Denver Convention Center with thousands of little kids and their moms or something. And we just stood line and some dude like said, Hey, do you wanna read a little script of a mermaid brushing your teeth with chocolate or something? And was he part of the audition or was this just the back of a van?


He just rolled the window down. I was willing to do it. And I. Yeah. No. So rolled the And that's what I did. And they, they called me back. Wow. I mean, that is really, first of all, it, it, that gives a lot of hope, I think, to people who are like, oh, should I bother going for that thing? Yeah or thousands of people Yeah. Should I get the van? Well, you could end end up being Carrie Russell. I mean, you can't be Kerry Russell, nobody else can be. But I mean, you've Yeah Yeah, you've built an incredible life with really impressive credits. You've done amazing things. Was that audition something you wanted to do? Or were your parents, did your parents tell you about it? I wanted to. I, I mean, I don't think I knew what it really was. I just went with a bunch of my best friends pals who were, you know, going and they're like, let's go do this thing.


And by the way, I, I can't sing. I had never really been an actor. Yeah. And so they said do a little dance. Like do your a skit. Yeah. And sing a little song and All right. Because I think they wanted How did your friends do? Kids who weren't So? I didn't like it. Oh No. Still waiting to hear. Yeah. Still waiting to hear. Yeah. Her friends, her friends like years later was like, she didn't even want to go. I was the one that wanted it. I was the one and She got it. Wait, I wanna ask you something ke because it has to do with how will introduced you, which is like you do when you came, you just came on. You weren't Margo Martin when you came up.


By the way, you haven't been Margo Martindale for a minute. Oh my God by the way. I, we And Will we know, I mean, Mar there's no one better than Margo Martin Sean. Best Sean, we adore. She's, she's the best. She's the best. The best. I love Margo Martindale with all my heart much. Me too. Me too. But But you energy and your work ethic and you're like, you do have so much energy even talking to you now and with the kids and working and traveling and getting up at five in the morning and working 14 hours. Like where do you get that drive? Where do you get the energy? Youth? It's youth. Youth Methamphetamine. Yeah. 'cause you do have to find it. You do have to find it. Even though you're tired, you have to find it. Well, I think, well, number one, I don't work all the time.


Like, I, I like long breaks. And I. I spend a ton of time on my own. I like to be alone a lot. I have amazing friends. I have a group of core friends that I love and we do stuff all the time. But other than that, I work, I spend, I have a ton of downtime. So for instance, the diplomat, I'm not going off to do. Right. You know, tons of movies in between or you know, on a Broadway show or something to I, that's my time to just be home and like wander and read books and yeah. Yeah Yeah. That's what keeps me sane. I feel like But You, but, but it is a good question because I, you know, so Carrie and I did this show with, with the great Mitch Hurwitz years ago, Yeah Yeah called Running Wild, which was, and we had a lot of fun. That's how we got to know each other.


And it was crazy. We were trying to make this thing happen and we were shooting just crazy hours out on Long Island. And, and Carrie, I remember we, we were legitimately like the first couple weeks we were shooting like 16 hours a day trying to get these fucking, you know, and get this thing off the ground. Which And I, remember Carrie, like going either before work or after work to the gym. And she had a little kid at home, Yeah, she had like a 3-year-old at home and doing all the thing and had all this dialogue and doing all this stuff. And I was like, it was, it was so impre impressive. How hard, how dedicated she was to just, yeah, like, like I said, like, she's just a doer in this way at jb, I can see the smile on J B's face.


He's just like, yeah. Why? Why? Because you are as well. Is that what you're saying? Because because he's a machine, It sounds like, sounds like you, it's like, it's either going and really trying to accomplish a ton or just total power down Yeah being by yourself. Just like staring at the wall doing something really inane and refilling the tank. Right. Yeah, I, I I just clean out closets. I listen to my little nerdy news podcast. Oh, podcasts. He doesn't do, He doesn't do that either. There's a staff, He goes, he watches TV and he locks the door and then nobody's allowed to bother him. And, and you're probably not grumpy, but, but I will say Amanda, Amanda serves his food under the door. Yeah Yeah, Yeah Yeah. Nobody can talk to him, but read me things. Yeah Yeah Yeah. And he's not interested in anything.


But the question is, Carrie, so you do, so you do the, you, you, you do the, the Disney stuff. And then that leads to what you how, how long? That's like three years. I wanna say Teenage years. Yeah, teenage years. And then And this seriously is the truth. Like whenever the girls looked like they were having sex, they were like, get that one outta here. And the boys stayed till they were like 25. They're like that one, she's out. Oh wow. Yeah. Seriously. She looks Like a breeder. Can pregnant Mae Tears Get her out? Yeah. She looks like a breeder. Yeah. Get her out. Yeah Yeah. Exactly. Yeah Yeah. And but it was, it was so fun. I mean, it was, it, it was so cheesy looking back, but it was so fun.


And all those kids, Did it lead to anything tangible? Like, like did Yeah or, or was it just great thing to have on your resume and you just con started to do more sort of traditional auditions and, and Yeah, I mean from that like, because you're under this old school, like Disney contract, I had to do some movie like the Sequel Honey. I blew up the Kid, which was a sequel on it. So That was part of your deal. Wow. You know, it was like the old school system. Like we hired you under this umbrella. So if you record an album, if you make a move, like you are ours, you know, and it's all We own You. Interesting. Yeah Yeah. It was a little bit like that. That's interesting. You know, like the kids now, like all those, this new American Idol kids and whatever, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah like, or whatever all those new Disney shows are Now.


Felicity was quite some time past that. But That was also on a, B, c. It was under the same umbrella. That wasn't part of the same deal, was it? No, That was. It wasn't on a, B, C It was on, it was wb. Thank you. wv. It was wb I remember. 'cause it was their big hit show and they were a young network and then all of a sudden they had a hit, like a legitimate hit. That was And that's where you met the great our friend, the great JJ Abras. That's right. Yep. Met and That was That was JJs show. Met. Met And Matt Reese. And you guys Created, you guys made that network in a way. Yeah. Kind of amazing. You legitimized them 'cause it was a great show. JJ got got heralded. You got heralded. I mean everybody kind of went like Kerry Russell, you were, you were, you exploded onto the scene.


I remember you guys remember I Remember Oh. yeah, for sure. Every magazine. Everybody knew who Kerry Russell was just like Yeah Yeah. That must have been, even though you'd been doing it for a while, since you were a teenager, having that kind of thing happen must have been startling. I don't wanna Put words in your mouth and at an age where it's pretty chill when things are challenging already at that age. Right. Yeah kind of like figuring out who you are. How old were you first of All the, the reason the show was so good was the what JJ and Matt did. It was so, it was so sweet. It was like such a sweet little something of a show and it was their writing That was so good. Yeah. But yeah, for luckily, I mean, I can't imagine the kids now with all of the social media Yeah.


Back then it was just occasional paparazzi, weirdos, you know. But yeah, it, I I am sort of a nervous person anyway around people. I don't know. So that only made that worse. And I, I That was hard. But like, people Coming up to you on the street and stuff like that. Yeah, well, I Mean, people were generally pretty nice to me, but I, I just think if you're an an anxious person, it doesn't help. Like Yeah. Having more people looking at you all the time. So, I, think That was something to sort of navigate a little bit. But then it all worked out because after that show ended, I took a big break. And I didn't act anymore.


I didn't think that's what I wanted to do anymore. Really. So was That, was that a conscious decision? You were like, hang on a second. I I need to Yeah Yeah. Totally. No. Way. Yeah. And where did you think you were gonna go? Well, I thought I was gonna go back to sch or go to school. 'cause I hadn't gone to school and because I graduated early from high school because I was on You mean college? The? Mickey, Mouse. Club. Oh, okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Because when you're on The, Mickey, Mouse Club, like if you're a kid, you're tutored on set. So you can finish as quickly as you can. Same With Mr. Bateman. Yeah Yeah. We know about that. Sometimes they have buses to do that too. So, and then, but, but, but so God, most kids, me and part of it, like as soon as the the Kid Show is done, there's a panic.


Like, okay, what's the next show gonna be? Like what's, what's my career gonna be now that I'm kind of like almost an adult. Yeah. And you're dying to get another job and get back into that television series. Cocoon, you know, the safety of employment. You were the opposite. You were like, not only do I not wanna work, I don't even know if I want to do this occupation anymore. Yeah. I, I So doing that show That was back in the old days when we would do 22 episodes, Yeah. Now, you know, the nature of television is, tends to be like eight or 13 episodes. But we were still doing Network 22 episodes. And especially back then, we were working because Matt Reeves was one of our first directors and set up the show.


We were shooting it like film, you know, we were shooting on film in the beginning, but Really? Yeah, we were working, shooting on film. Yeah. We were working 18 hour days, you know. Wow. Five days a week. So my Friday as a 21-year-old would end about five in the morning and then I would start again at five on Monday. And I loved that job and it was great. And I, I'm so thankful. I'm still really close with a few of those people. But in many ways it was the life arresting. Like I, I I wanted to, you know, be with girlfriends and Right. And hang out, you know, whatever, kiss boys or you know, like do simple stupid things that I knew I was sort of missing.


So when it ended, I had no time to spend any money or do any of that. So I took the money I had saved and rented this amazing apartment, one bedroom apartment in the village, which was really great still back then. Yeah. And And I had no furniture. I moved to New York with two giant boxes of books. I got mattresses, I put 'em on the floor and I did all those things I wanted to do. I had two really great girlfriends there. And we would go out dancing and get drunk and like walk home drunk in the snow. And, I. We would watch the Bachelor Ed and eat shitty food. Yeah. And like talk, I mean it was, it was everything. Yeah. I wanted it to be Yeah, Yeah, I got to just fucking be a kid and Yeah.


That's great. And I. Think that's what I wanted. Did you end up going to school? I didn't. So I thought that's what I was gonna do, and that's probably what I should have done. I still think about it, but I think I just sort of did it myself. Yeah. Like I just read what I wanted to read about and, and took all that time off. I took I think a couple years and then just slowly started inching my way back in. You know, I took a job where I wasn't the lead. I took, I was like a part of a family. And actually we shot in London with Mike Binder and I was just a part of these sisters. And Joan Allen was the lead. Right. Right. And I was like, was that the upside of anger?


Yeah, Yeah and I was like, you know, she's cool and smart and classy and if I can watch her, if she's managing her life, okay, you know, maybe it's possible. Yeah Yeah. And, and she was, and so then I slowly dipped Back in. She stuck with it. What was, what was the other industry that you were thinking about maybe going into? Oh God. I, I don't know. I think I just wanted to learn. I think I wanted to just go to school. Yeah. I think I'm interested in every, I, I I feel like I could do it. Lots of things. Right. You know, I, I'm curious, you know. Right. I, but I am, but I'm generally agreeable. You know, I, I am curious about a lot But you didn't like start, like one particular career that you were thinking maybe I want to kind of go into.


And then like That was kinda like, eh, it's not that great. And then you went back to acting like, did you ever? No, I didn't. Yes. You didn't really started anything. Okay. No didn Didn't But you didn't get into like microplastics or anything. That's a big industry apparently. It's a growth. It's everywhere. Industry. Yeah, Yeah. It's a growth industry. Wait, Kerry, this is kind of to Kerry, NJB. 'cause I'm always interested, curious about people who start performing when they're younger Yeah and are able to sustain it. When you were doing Mickey Mouse Club or JB you were on various shows when you were a kid, were you cognizant of, and did people talk amongst you and your, your your peers and your friends or your families? Like, hey, how can we make the jump to adult actors?


Yeah. How conscious were you in that? Like how conscious were you that there's a sort of a bar there that there's kind of, there's a separation between Yeah being a kid actor and then making it a life and a career. Would you Yeah. Were you aware of that? I wasn't Were you? No. Yeah Yeah I was scared shitless of that transition. You Yeah Yeah. I thought no one's going to, you know, you're, you're a kid actor, so why would anybody want to see you do adult acting when you're an adult? Yeah? Like, you gotta start over. You know, that's not gonna be an easy transition. And it, and it wasn't. There was, there was a, all all through my twenties was just a, just a, a barren waist Field. And that's why you shaved your pubes till you were 22.


Right. And, I and I did for different reasons. Yeah. It Feels nice. Guys. I could still play young. Hey, it's me, JB check it out. I don't even have fucked up Oh my God. Oh, for fun. That is really funny. Wait, so, so Gary, so you go, you do. Wait, wait, Jason, wait. Have you read, because I actually, speaking of the creepy kid actors, which by the way it all, all kid actors, the whole thing is so creepy.


But that's so funny. There's this amazing book that someone gave me, which I loved. Do you, are you familiar with Sarah Polly at all? Yeah Yeah Yeah. Yeah Yeah, absolutely. Now she's a director. But, you know, kid actor. She wrote this book called Run Towards the Danger, which is a collection of stories and it's sort of unraveling her time and the kind of understanding what That was all like, And I thought, I thought it was Great being a kid actor. Yeah. And a, and a lot of other things. But I, I do think it affects you and, and speaks probably to a little bit of what Will is saying, like what he's seeing as like work ethic.


But I just think when you're a kid actor, you know, you are, you have to show up, right? You're not allowed to have the flu. Right. You're not allowed to. Yeah. You fucking show up and you do it and you, you know, you don't complain. Get all Go you this adult responsibility. Yeah. You're Adultified. So You are J Jb, jb taught me a lot of, I I will. This is truly, and I've, I mentioned this a couple times early on, we were doing Arrested Development in the first season. At one point, I was like, I got to the point, it didn't take long where I was like, Hey, what time were you rapping today? Like, you know, And I got in early in the day. I'm thinking like, what time am I outta here? And Jason turns to me and goes, we got you for the whole day. Right?


And it really, we paid, we paid the whole day. Right. And as funny as That was, the timing of it was perfect. His delivery was amazingly shitty and it was perfect and hilarious. And it broke me. But also the truth of it was, yeah man, you're here to do a thing and you've got this like Yeah, you're doing the thing you wanted to do. And it really, honestly, I never forgot it. And it, I carried it with me for the rest of my, and to this day, my working career, which is like, I'm there to do the thing that I gotta do. Not to get fucking get out. And I feel equally until there's pissed when I feel like, yeah. I feel equally pissed off with people when they're like trying to get out Yeah. And I'm like, Yeah, fuck You dude. Yeah Yeah. You said that's what you signed up for. Yeah Yeah.


We'll be right


back In Batman Arkham Shadow. You don't just control Batman. You become Batman and experience Gotham City through his eyes. An experience only possible on Medi Quest three and three s. This is your chance to face off with beloved friends against a new enemy. To save Gotham City at its worst. Batman Arkham Shadow Reimagines the Arkham experience for vr. Mixing the series signature freeform combat with exploration and puzzle solving. Deliver bone crunching blows, or pick off foes one by one from the shadows. Use detective vision to scour crime scenes for hidden clues. Glide down from the rooftops and strike terror into your enemies. Pushing the Met Quest three and three s virtual reality to its limit. This is your chance to use some of Batman's most powerful gadgets and skills like the Battering and grab No Gun and also Bat Claw. Don't forget shot gloves. And also explosive gel. Become the Night Batman Arcu Shadow is included when you buy me Quest three and three s available now. Learn more@batmanarcamshadow.com. Rated a T for Teen Batman. Arcam Shadow is only in VR on me. Quest three and three s offer valid on qualifying products purchased from September 25th, 2024 through April 30th, 2025. Terms supply,


while Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it now. They partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com. Hilton for the stay.


You're probably good at a lot of things like I don't know, watching tv. And finally that Greatness is being recognized and rewarded by Sling. Introducing rewards from Sling with sling's Watch and Win sweepstakes. All you have to do is watch 30 minutes of TV daily for chances to win up to $10,000 in cash and other prizes monthly. There's no catch. Sling is seriously giving away chances for you to get paid by your TV provider just for watching the TV they provide. You can earn rewards by signing up for Sling or for a free account with Sling Free stream, which gives you 500 plus channels or always free TV and movies. Sling's Cloud DVR lets you record your shows to watch on your schedule. There's no complex technology, no long-term contracts, and no hidden rigmarole. Watch TV anywhere at any time and get rewarded with Sling. Sign up for free today at sling.com/win. That's sling.com/win. Watch tv every day and improve your chances of winning $10,000 in cash and other prizes monthly. sling.com/win.


Alright, back to the show. So, Carrie, what about the, the anxiety thing? Because I have a little bit of that too. I'm, I'm much better at it at dealing with it, but how do you, do you, do you have too? Okay. I mean, funny sometimes these guys know it's, it comes out quite often, but Yeah. But how do you deal with it? Like, do you have tools that you good your go-to tools. If I, I wake up in the morning And I, I do something immediately like Yeah, you know, I do hopefully like something outside, even if it's cold, some kind of physical activity really helps me. That's great. Really helps me. Even if I'm, you know, sometimes it just overtakes and you're like, fuck it, here I am.


You know what, it happened what really helped me. One of the first times, this is absolutely true, right? The beginning of Felicity Times, before I had ever had to do any of that stuff, I had to go on a talk show. My first talk show was Rosie O'Donnell had a talk show back. Yeah Yeah Yeah. I think it was like a daytime talk show Yeah it was. Sure. I had never done anything like that. I kind of am a nervous person in that situation. Anyway, All that's horror for Me. And, and it's like a, it's a lot of energy coming toward you in the stage and all that. The people and blah blah, Yeah, Yeah And, I got back there and the stage manager is like, come over here, come over here. And I was like, uhoh uhoh. It's, it's, it's overtaking me. Here it comes. And the stage manager must have told Rosie O'Donnell, who was so lovely, like, she's nervous.


So she came back and was like, Hey, are you nervous? And I was like, oh, Oh God, no, no. And, and So I went out. This is really absolutely true. I I went out, she was being completely nice, but as I was answering questions going, yes, I'm from Colorado, blah blah, a tear. No Way and No Way And I watched the interview. I, I'm smiling And I just gently wipe it away. And I'm from Colorado, but I'm, I'm having a full like panic. Full panic. No Way. I, I go back to the hotel, which was, you know, they flew you to New York and do the whole thing, right? But you. Yeah. And I locked myself in the bathroom. And I was just mortified that I had done such a bad job Wow. And was so embarrassed and, and beating up on myself and my awesome friend, Canadian friend Will Ornette would love, we had gone out for drinks after, or like maybe the next day, And I.


Remember Alana said I said Oh, my God I did such a bad job on this thing. And you know, I I I was so bad. And she said, you know who I just saw on David Letterman? Kim Inger was on David Letterman. And she was so nervous. And I. Remember I liked her so much 'cause I thought I would be nervous on that thing too. It's very Real. You Know, it made me like stop hating the nervousness about myself so much. And I went, I'm nervous. Like, what are you gonna fucking do? Like Yeah. And people who are like, so no offense to everyone who's so funny and good But, you know, 'cause you guys are all so good at you. You guys are so good at, but not everyone is so, so good at all this.


But the dirty little secret is that even, even the, the, the, the flashy sort of funny sort of, I, I don't seem very nervous person is petrified Yeah underneath. They just have this flashy coping skill Right. That is basically acting. They're just able to act twice. Right. Right. Me, Yeah, Yeah, you don't Even know what I'm thinking. Fuck. Like Will, you are very easy though, in front of people. You are very and you're He is, but he's so, he's a fucking mess inside. He's a mess. He's a mess. You admit it right now. Just like I am a fucking disaster inside. And so is Sean. We're all, we're fucking nut jobs. Yeah. I'm, we're all crazy. Crazy. And you just figure out different ways to fake it, cope it.


Yeah. And then And then you get comfortable with that and it kind of becomes a part of your personality too. Like Right. All this little suit that I put on to kind of deal with it is also just kind of me too. Well, I'll get, I'll get real with you. So, so my, my version I through a lot of kind of work and exploration over the last few months, this is totally honest, is I first went away to boarding school when I was 12. You I didn't Know that. Yeah Yeah I. Where did you Go? Will And I went to all boys up in Canada. And I went to all boys boarding school where I'm not gonna give them the benefit of telling me. Okay, but like what area? Sorry, where? In north Of, north of Toronto. Like up by Muskoka. Like up in the Couple? Yeah, a little east of Muskoka.


Okay, okay. North of Peterborough, Ontario. Okay. Okay. That's them to come pick you up again, right? Yeah. But they pick you up right now. But south of, south of Feland Falls. Oh, right On. So, so you could just to narrow it down a okay. Like right near Stony Lake, but I'm not gonna say where. Eh, so, So there you are. So There I is age, age 12. And I. Think that one of the things, things I didn't know That Yeah Yeah and, and one of the things about that is when you're a young, when you're that young, I, I can't imagine my sending can, Can you Imagine? No, I can't. And it, or Seven When they go seven. Well, my roommate first year, my, when I was seventh grade and I was 12. My, my first roommate, he had just come from England and he had been at boarding school since he was seven.


Wow. So he'd been there for five years. And I mean, I know it's a way of life, but can you imagine Yeah in prison, sending your kids I was a Continuous I was, and he was, and he was very, and by the way, he was a very sort of troubled kid. And I felt badly for him. But my point was, at that age, And I, I don't know if it's dissimilar from, from, you know, being out on your own and working at that time, you, I learned to how to cope with Right. Being, you know, with not having my mom and dad around and how to manage, certainly in a situation with other, basically other boys my age. Right. You know, there's a lot going on. It's kind of very Lord of the Flies in a lot of ways. Not Right. Wasn't that bad But. you know what I mean? I do.


Yeah. And So I think that I, that skill or, or whatever that thing that I put up, I carry survivors into my life. Yeah Yeah. That true. I think that's what it is. I do. I've, I've sort of been spending a lot of time breaking that down this summer, which has been interesting. Well, whatever it is, I like it. Thank I like, well done it too. We all love it. I stated, Love it. I stayed vague enough that I didn't start crying. So That's after the show. So, So, so Carrie, so you do, you do all that and you think you're gonna quit and you think you're gonna do it, and then you go, because you have, not only do you carry over from, from, excuse the pun, from being a child actor to then having success in your twenties, but then you decide that you're gonna maybe shift gears or not do it anymore or whatever, or go to school or try something else.


And then you end up having a third act, which you're in right now, really successfully, which is you start doing a bunch of films and you have two really successful television shows. It's really unusual to be able to sort of carry that on in all these ways. And I would say that you too. I pointed to Jason and, and Kerry, you guys are very unique in that way, that you managed to carry that on. Yeah. What Was kind of remarkable actually. What was the thing where you went like, okay, now I'm in gear, I want to start doing more, and kind of what, what was, was there a job, was there a particular thing that kind of fired you up? Yeah. Well, the Americans was just a, the writing was So. I have to say, even in the beginning, it was a slow burn.


It was, you know, I really think the show became good about episode five in the first season. And then it started becoming this other thing, which was really this dark kind of unravel of, of a marriage. And I always thought the spy stuff was just a way to push and pull the marriage, like sleeping with other people. So, So when you went into it, then you were, you were thinking, you were going, Hey, we're going over here, and you ended up kind of going over here. Is that what Yeah, Didn didn't know. I was like, first of all, why do you want me like to play this like, tough Russian spite? What don't you want? Like, Rocky's wife, that like lady with a short blonde hair, Her name was Yeah Yeah. I'm like, me, what the fuck? I was like, oh God, that's Hysterical.


I was like, but she's not available. It's like, yeah, So, I wanna want, I wanna, I'm getting drunk with my friends walking in the snow. What do you want me? I don't want fucking this Shit. I'm still hung up on that image of you and your friends drunkenly walking down seventh Avenue. It was, it was You guys. It was, it saved my life. It really did. So That was just lucky to total luck just getting to do that show and, and then meeting Matthew and all of that. You know, That was just good writing. So fun to be a part of something that, you know, was well received and then And. Then I took another long break. I feel like that's what's keeps me in it, is I, I, I go in and out, I take little pockets where then I'm just home doing laundry and, you know, seeing my friends and Taking the kids to school after, after the Americans, you do after The Americans, And it's on the Americans that you met.


Matthew. Matthew and the great Matthew Re who we've had on the program, who's just an absolute Yeah. Love, delight. Love, love. That guy love's. Yeah. Matthew so cool. I just, I always just, I just love seeing his face. I love hanging out with him. I had a nice lunch with him about a year ago. Oh, you With Chris? With, with, with our mutual friend. Friend Chris? Yes. Yeah. Who's equally as great? Oh? my God. Oh. Who's equally as delightful. Oh. my God delightful. Yeah. And That was a lot of fun. And so you meet Matthew and you guys are on the show together, and then And then of course it makes sense. And you guys, it makes sense to me, by the way. Yeah. He, He's great. He is a really, really great, and You guys had not had ne never met before the show.


We had met, which he reminded me about, which I don't know if he told you guys on the show, but he, I think I remember this. Yeah. We, we had gone to fight training or something in the first week. Well, you know, we screen tested everything, blah, blah, blah. Did the fight training. And so I'd known him just like that, you know? And then we were having lunch after doing some kind of crazy fight training And, he said, we've met before. And I said, no. He Said Yeah. Yeah. I remember this Yeah We have. Yeah. And. he said, we, you know, we were at that kickball party in Rustic Canyon. Yes. We were the last people at the barbecue or whatever, and I was trying to get you to stay. And so I was trying to open a beer without a beer.


He tried to do it with his thumb. And. I knew exactly. I said Oh, my God. Of course, I remember you left a drunk message on my machine. Oh, no. And I was moving to New York that day. And so it had been 10 years had passed. Wow. Wow. And, and then, yeah, and then game was on. That's so crazy. Well, so Sean don't feel so bad that she didn't remember seeing you in the garden of the acting teacher. Hi. Fun. She didn't remember, she didn't remember meeting your husband. Her husband. Husband. Yeah, that's fine. So. I. Get it. I get it. I get it. I have one of those faces. But I love a good love, I love a good love story. So to the extent you feel comfortable, what changed from the, you know, when you, when you try to open the beer for you Yeah. You had the kickball party and you didn't clock. And did you, did you do a lot of other hipster stuff at parties like playing kickball that are like ironic games?


No, but like, what, what, what changed for you 10 years later that didn't spark for you the first time? Who knows Sean? Who know? Okay. I'm trying. Okay. I'm trying to think. I'm trying to think. No, you don't have to answer number one. It's probably a haircut. Matthew had his haircut better the Second time, number one. You know, I don't ever wanna go back to my twenties. I, I'm not saying there are certain things about, and our bodies now as they're aging, but I like who I am so much more now. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Like, I look at my girlfriends. I think they are so beautiful now. I don't ever wanna go back to twenties. Yeah. I get it. Like, I just, I love our age now.


And, I think, I think in our thirties or when I met him again, which would've been in my mid thirties or about then I just was a different person. I, you know what I mean? I was right. And, I wanted something different. I also, I also think that Carrie, and this is a compliment to you, Carrie, which is that like, you probably don't remember because you, you, you're such an authentic person. And I. Don't think that. Like, I think you'd remember somebody if you actually had a real conversation. You really connected in that way. Yeah Yeah. You're not Yeah Yeah and not through a beer Yeah. You're not, you're not distracted by shiny moving objects and like at all. Like, you're, you're really a real person. go ahead, Sean.


Yeah, no, I, I'm, I'm distracted by shiny objects. Anything with frosting on gonna Get his Oh my God Shiny Pretty things are nice too. Right? But, but Mission Impossible. Yeah. Incredible. I'm a big pop Movie guy. What did the mission, sorry, did any of of those, it's Awesome. Death. Did the mission end up being possible because they could do it, right? So I think that's About, well, you never knew what the Rabbit's foot was. You never knew what the Rabbit's foot was. No, but I kind of wanna like, I wanna be like, well, turned out it was po It's, it's kinda like never ending story. Did the movie end? Sure Did. It sure Did. Pulled your arms. Yeah. So I mean class action lawsuit much. I mean, But I loved, I love that. And then when you were, when it was revealed, That was you in, in Star Wars?


I mean, I, I was blown away. Like That was the coolest thing. Oh fuck. Here we go. Sorry Carrie, Because I No, I love it. Go. I mean, we, I, I was watching it and even Scott And I were like, who is this? I recognize your voice, but I couldn't, 'cause we didn't see her face. I was like, did you ever reveal yourself? I don't think you did. Well, JJ never wanted me to reveal my face or I never wanted to reveal the face And. then at a certain point, I think it was the studio or someone said, you have to show her face. And JJ was like, no, it's, That's a cool About it. Whole idea is it's like, it was like that girl, there was some cartoon with a girl on a motorcycle from when he was a kid who always had a helmet on. And then he was like, well, what if we just show her eyes? And so That was, but I think they wanted me to take the helmet off But.


You know, Yeah, the studio was like, yeah, we got Carrie Russell. We're not gonna not reveal Her. Not Yeah Yeah, but with such a kickass, amazing So I must've Cool Sean fucking cool. Just knowing Sean that she was from Endor. I mean, that must've been for you, right? Knowing the how many moons? And it was away Yeah. It was incredible. From ta You must have been like, just, it was so fun freaking out. I mean, dude, right? I mean, as an adult paying attention to a kid's story, it must have been so cool for you. I love it. I love it. I'm kidding. And then I haven't seen Cocaine Bear And I really, really wanna see it. But I heard it's great. And I know it's been out for a while. It's so stupid and crazy and nuts and Margo Martindale is, yeah.


I mean, you guys, what she she's the greatest. It's, it's, it's ridiculous and wild. And it's such, it was just an antidote to COVID and everyone being stuck in their houses. And It's, and the great Liz Banks. Banks And they friend Liz Banks. We love banks. So funny. And you guys were in Ireland. I wanna say no Yeah. She Just called me Yeah. She was pitching me this completely other legit, serious really good idea for this limited series. And you know, we're just on with these writers and having these serious conversations. And then text me the next day and just says, Hey, Or I've got this. Do you Go, I'm talking this crazy movie called Cocaine and Bear. Do you wanna read it?


I was like, sure. And I told my girlfriends, I have these few girlfriends in New York here. And I was up in the mountains with them. And they said, I told them, I pitched them the idea for the story. And they said, if you don't do that movie, we're not gonna be friends with you anymore. Wow. Ah, really? Really? And and it was so fun. Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Margo Martindale, And I tra sing around Ireland Outta control. We were outta control having the time of Our lives. Why did you get shoot in Ireland? I forget because The Covid numbers were down. Right? And 'cause it's an island, I guess. And because it's a good match for that forest. We were looking for Margot's one of those people. She's so years ago she wanted, Krasinski was doing a movie and he wanted her for this before like the, the the don't talk movies or whatever.


Or quiet, Quiet Place. Quiet time, quiet place. No, I think it's, look who's talking. Don't talk. Who's talking time out? Who's talking? Who talking to in Place? And. he said, and, and, and so I said to Margot I said, Hey, John Krasinski wants to get in touch with you that, okay. And then so she talked to, so, and she, then she called me and she goes, I'm gonna do this fucking guy. I'm gonna do his moves before she, it better work out. 'cause you better not have fucking put me on with this fucking guy. And it's gonna be, She Literally like, kind of like pseudo threatened me. And like I was like, I just put you in touch with him. It's not my fault. You didn't have to do it. She, I'm doing it because of you. When, When I read Cocaine Bear that next day, she texted me and it just says Margo.


And she says, are you fucking doing this movie? I was like, are you fucking doing this movie? What I was like, now I'm definitely doing this movie and Margo's doing it. One of the hardest, one of the hardest laughs I've ever had in my life was doing that series. The Millers with Margot and We did this episode. It was this thing where Bo Bridges was doing this, saying this thing. And Marco And I started laughing and she got me laughing. I couldn't, it's the first time in my life I was like, I don't think I'm gonna recover for, no, I don't think we're gonna get it. I don't think I can do this. I think it's a wrap. I have to go And. I couldn't look at her. She had me laughing so hard. I know. She's a delight. She's a delight. Kara, what are you excited about that's coming up, other than the diplomat?


Whatcha you gonna do the rest of the day? So, I'm gonna be honest, I stayed up late, too late last night. So I woke up in the morning. I had leftover Indian food. It was fucking delicious. I'm having a beer with it. Yeah. And. I. Love that. God, you're So cool. I'm gonna, we made our first, it's kind of chilly here in New York this morning. Yes. Right? Yes. So we made our first fire and it was just Oh, nice. And you don't Even have a fireplace. Yeah. No, sorry. That's great. Yeah. That's fun. What a fun day. So the rest of the day you're gonna be kind of cozy. Kind of cozy. My kids, my kids start school for the first day tomorrow. So I'm getting everyone, I'm gonna make a nice dinner, family dinner, early dinner for everyone.


Early to bed. Whatcha Gonna have, whatcha gonna make? Yeah, I'm gonna make skirt, steak and a bunch of vegetables and rice and Oh, it's, yeah. I love that. Yeah, I love that. By the way, I've never been to Brooklyn. I should, I want to come. I wanna go check it out. Careful Care. We, we could have you, we could have you Yeah. I'm, we could have you. I'm Walk around there. Great Restaurant. Jerry. I'm coming to New York in a couple weeks. For real. Will remember when I ran into you? Which time? On the street with your car. Oh No. You were shooting something out Oh. yeah, we should in Brooklyn. You were. And you were coming up. I was, and you were drunk. And. I Was wandering. How drunk was my And I was like, whoa, was this Oh boy. Dude. Dude. I was, That was I was shooting. There's a whole like the, the crew we were doing and and she What were You shooting One of the, one of those Ninja Turtle movies.


What? She just blew right by the lockup, huh? Yeah. And I know him. And we were shooting right on the river, overlooking the city. And Yeah, here comes Carrie. And of course nobody stops her. No. Nobody in the crew stops her. 'cause they're like, oh, Carrie Ru it's Carrie Russell. Yeah. Life. And she just walked best. She walked through, basically walked through our set. It's like, what's going on? Hammered. Hammered. Just walking home. Walking home. I know. But I was gonna say, I'm coming in a couple weeks. Let's have dinner and or lunch. You, me and Matthew. Can we do it? I would love it. I would love, love, love, love It. That's fucking done. Yeah. Oh God. Carrie, I wish we, we just hang out forever. Oh, we'll I, I would love to see you. I I, we, we have Chance encounters from I know mutual people, satellite people.


But I would love to see you. Okay, well, Carrie, Wow. Carrie Russell, You just brightened up our day. It's so great seeing you. It's always a delight. Always. Let's, let's all see each other. Let's, I Would love it. Let's Do it. Say hi to Matthew for us, Please. Yeah. Please say hi to Matthew And. I'm gonna reach out. I'm gonna reach out to in the next Please, please, please don't. Please do. Please. I won't hesitate. I would love, love, love it. Okay. Okay. Bye guys. Thank you. Bye Bye. Thanks, Carrie. Bye Bye. Just a delight. Just a sunny delight. She's like, How cool Is she? She's just a Sunday afternoon. She's just, Just drinking a beer. Drinking a beer and, and eating some Indian, leftover Indian food. 'cause she's a little hungover. She seems like one of those people that everybody wants to be friends with. Sean. She's so fun. When We did, We did running well together.


And we, she would be, we had so much fun. She's the kind of person doing her off camera would be throwing shit at me. Like a super easy fun hang. Really, really fun, really prepared, really in it. Really? Yeah. Just disciplined and professional, but cool and real. You could laugh with her Yeah and then you could tell her, you know, she, And, I are both, there were times where we were both going through stuff in our personal lives and we were, and she was such a good friend to me. And we would talk about stuff in a really just awesome, I love it. Awesome. And she, and by the way, sh she drives her entire career. Like she makes the decisions Yeah Yeah. And by speaking of driving by the way, I sent you guys a, a video when we were in New York of a, of an Uber driver.


Do you remember that? Oh, I do remember this. Remember that? And Yeah Yeah. And he was, he was really kind. And he was from China. And his real true, this is a true story. His real name is spelled B-A-I-Y-I. And I got in the car. And I asked him how you pronounce it. And I sent it to you. Wait, wait, spell it again. B-A-I-Y-I. Yeah. And how would you pronounce that? And how did he say that? He, it I Did, how did he pronounce Sean? Sean. I glad you brought this up. How did he say that? He brought up Bye Bye. There it was. Bye.


Smart. Smart SmartLess is 100% organic and artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart Less.


Have you met All modern. Whether your style is Scandinavian inspired, iconic, mid-century modern or paired down minimalism. All modern has the best of modern furniture and decor all in one place. Every design is hand vetted for quality by their team of experts. And upgrade your space in days, not weeks with fast and free shipping. Plus, right now you'll save big on every style of modern with Black Friday deals all month long on holiday hosting must-haves and more. That's modern made simple. Shop now at AllModern dot com or visit them in store at Linfield and Dham, Massachusetts or in Austin, Texas.