
FedEx doesn't know your small business yet. Maybe it's handmade apparel for dogs. Maybe it's handmade apparel for cats. Maybe it's handmade apparel for chinchilla. What FedEx does know is that running a small business is hard enough without the hassle of complex shipping. That's why there's FedEx one rate. Did you know that with FedEx one rate you can ship your holiday packages cheaper than the post office? Send packages as low as $14 and 50 cents for small boxes. Visit FedEx dot com slash one rate for details. Exclusions apply Valid at ten six twenty four through 1 19 25 FedEx one rate two day retail shipping, one flat rate.


The new Sonic Queso Smasher is now available and you're gonna want to try this. They took the Sonic Smasher you love and added the new creamy queso in hand. Smashed patties made to order the sonic queso. Smasher is the perfect combination of Angus patties, creamy queso, jalapenos, and a southwest aioli. Sounds like juicy goodness to me. All that's left to do is choose a double or triple the new Sonic queso smasher. Live free Eat Sonic.


Guys, welcome to today's podcast. How are you both feeling? Does somebody have a gun to your head? Yeah. Well, the, it's, it's just out of frame. It's not so much a gun. As a crossbo, I've never seen you. This a crossbo. Welcome to SmartLess. Have you guys ever sh have you ever shot a crossbow? Oh, No. Did I blow it? Welcome to SmartLess. Smart, smart, smart. Bless Surprise guests.


Give us a little snap or a clap, please. There we go. Oh Wow. There we are. Rolling the Firecracker. Oh, hi. Hi. Hi. How are you guys? How are you? Can I just dive right in? Yeah. Do you mind? Oh, you, you have some prepared material. Go ahead. Yeah. I, I don't know how prepared guys wasn't in the fucking ER again last night. Oh, here's why. Here's what, fuck no, I had a kidney stone. I thought I was having appendicitis or something, so I had a kidney stone. And so I haven't been to bed yet. Wait, how have you not, why did you not cancel this record? Yeah. No, I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm actually in a good mood, buddy. It would've been such a quick text from me.


Yeah. How I hear that's the most painful thing in the world. You Can't even know. I haven't had one in years and years. And so You had one out, or you had one put in? I had one. So the pain was excruciating. I'm like, oh, Scotty, I got Scotty. I gotta go to the er. It was awful. Tell, Can you tell me where it hurts? Is it in the tinky or is it in the kidney? I'm gonna say in the kidney. No, it's in, it's in your side. Yeah. It's, I'm gonna say it's in your kidney. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey. And then I'm still a little bit on morphine. I still like have a, oh, that's this Little Be fun. That's kind of fun. That is kind of fun. It's, wait a second. I've never had, so Shawnee, so you're in the hospital last week or whenever It was for a couple, couple times in a night. Like a month ago. Yeah. Right. Twice in that one night.


And then, yeah. Yeah. And then This, and then you're back. And then you're back. And then you get the full scope thing that you went and had done. And then you have this, and, and my question to you, is this? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Are you paying so much attention to your wellbeing and your condition that your body Yeah. You know what I mean? What do you mean? No, that was a half a sentence. Yeah, That, that, that, because you're so I'm not saying that the experience Yes, That's interesting. Isn't real. Oh, well, yeah. That fucking keeps, obviously It's real. But, but, but there is a lot of attention paid to, to your health and to your condition at All times. You're saying, is he, is he potentially creating some of this stuff by having such a close Look at it? Because Psychosomatic Should, I should have prefaced it by saying I'm not a doctor.


And I think that you guys, you're on Morphine too, so I am. And also not from It. No, but it's like a cycle. I know what you mean. But it's a cycle. Because if something happens to me, then I want, I fear that I don't want that thing to happen again. I'm not saying it's psychosomatic, But I am. It's, But I am suggesting that maybe you spend so much time and energy thinking about your health and your own condition. I know, I know that if you were to think about other things or other people, you do think about other, but you're a very thoughtful person. But I wonder, do you know what I mean? I, I, I don't, again, I don't know. People are gonna I Know, But he's being careless with the food that he eats, you know? So that's sort of like keeping his eye off the ball and being sort of relaxed. That That is true. You know? That's true. It's surprising for somebody who's so concerned with their health.


'cause you are quite on top of it, that how you Should start smoking and, and you know. Well, yeah. It's like me. You know what though? I was lying there. I just had like bedhead And I have these scabs in my ankles, And I had this IV in my arm, And I looked, she Scott, not related to, I looked Scotty, And I go, I looked at Scotty And I go, All this could be yours. Can I ask you about where the scabs from the ankles come from? Yeah. Can I too? They Just not, not to see him, just where they came from. They're, I don't know. They just like, I don't know, just dry skin or whatever. Wait, so now you've just got like old man scabs. Yeah. Yeah. He's got I old man scabs. I don't know, Sean. I keep, I imagine walking into the gym at cha at Sean gym walking into the, into the men's locker room.


And he's, and he's got a hairdryer to his nuts. Ack. He's one of those guys. And you're like, fuck, man. Morning dude. How you doing? You're like, fucking dude, These fuckers won't dry. Dude. Dude, What are you, That's a funny, by the way, Jay, I, I switched the Nutcracker to the 21st if you want to go. Oh, you did? Okay, Great. Yeah. If, and Willie, please come if you want. I'm Gonna go, I'm gonna be back in the, in New York. Okay. And Jay, we're going anyway, so if you can go, great. If not, we'll do something else. Jay. And are you, you gonna be just you or are you gonna bring your Nutcracker with you? No, she'll be there. Okay. It's just a great, it's a great, so dumb. It's a great blow to the coffee chat.


And here comes our guest. Nice. Wait a second. I just wanna say one more thing. I was just thinking about this And I, And I, obviously, I smoke from time to time and people are, eh, don't smoke. I feel like I'm a world class smoker. Yeah. Yeah. You're great at it. You are. I really do. And I feel like You never smell like cigarettes. You don't, you don't smoke a pack a day. Thank You. Thank you very much. At it. Obviously they're gonna play this clip at my, you know, TMZ will play this clip when it pass away. But it should be noted. It's fine. It's so great, isn't it? It's, it's a hard thing to beat. Although, you know, when I quit, they didn't have the vapes and the gums and the stickers and shit. So there are, there are things to replace it now.


Yeah. There are things to replace it. You, You know what? You're gonna, you got a lot of shit in your, you'll, you'll get to it when you want to get to it. Know no one's pushing you. Yeah. But I know There are things to replace it, but there's nothing to replace our guest. Oh, Great show. You don't even know her if I fucked. Did, but you're actually right though. Let morphine Molly go. By The way, did you know I was about to say that? You could tell. No. No. But one of my sort of cheap segues, by the way, I did move today from where I'm doing the podcast. 'cause I wanted to be a, a little bit cheerier. Oh, okay. Good. Oh yeah, yeah. You used to be in the whisper booth. Now you're your office. I, I was, now I'm in my office. Just 'cause I wanted to Jack, I just wanted to be in the Yeah. I wasn't in the Jack Shack. The shack forgot about my Jack shack.


Remember the Jack Shack, The Guru? I think it's, it's the Jack shack is I haven't used covered in cobwebs. I think they're cobwebs. Okay. But you're, you are right. You are right that our guest today cannot be replaced and certainly won't be forgotten. I don't know why we'd even begin to forget because this person is so alive and vibrant right now and has been for a long time. Snaps and clicks were Great. You'll like this. They were really good. They, those are the mark of, those are the kind of snaps and clicks of somebody who has confidence. The confidence of longevity in doing what they do. And I tell you, somebody who loves longevity is old jb Yeah. I'm Such smart. And you're gonna love this guy because you have a lot, you have certain things in common in that both of you have been performing since you were really, really young at a, on a professional level.


And I love guests like this, and particularly love this guest who I do not know because they are so fucking talented. Kurt Russell and funny and cool Kurt Russell and smart. It's not Kurt Russell, but this person has been nominated for Shirley McClain And won Emmy's, golden Globes, everything. You, you can't even imagine the number of films you, you, Sally Struthers, you Know him from, it goes down, you know, from Scott Pilgrim versus the World. You Michael Serra. No, it's not Michael Serra. You're Right. No, you also know him from Soderbergh's. No sudden move. But you're really gonna know him really, really, really, really, really well from his new film.


A Real Pain, but also mostly Jesse Eisenberg Succession. Kieran Culkin. It's Kieran Culkin Damnit finally got Iton. You ruined the intro when it's just constant guessing. Sally Struthers Is close though. Sally Struthers was Not a bad guess. Very. That was not Shirley McLean was pretty close too. Yeah, I Thought. Yeah. Karen, I'm so happy to see you there. Oh, It's crazy. This is really exciting for me. This is one of my favorite shows. This is a long time coming. We had a few times where we were gonna have Kieran on and then, and then we couldn't for various reasons that we won't get into. But anyway. Oh, this is Kieran. Yes. So he's, And look, I canceled for bullshit. My God. Like a month ago.


And Sean, you can, you didn't even cancel anywhere in the emergency room. Yeah, I know. What Jay, what were you gonna say? Well, I just, I just was wanted to frame up these 92nd delay on Sean there going Oh yes, it's Kieran. Just then I know no Fucking morphine is strong. 'cause the Morphine, right? No, no. Because I remember he was supposed to be on, I didn't know who it was, but you must have been that guest that week. Oh, had an issue. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Mine was not kidney stones. Yeah. Have You ever had One? But it was be, but it was beyond his control. Have you ever had a kidney stone? Have you ever seen one? No. To me, that's my biggest nightmare. But I, I thought the, like you said, I thought the pain came from the peepee, not the No, it, it starts in your back in the kidney.


That's why it's a kidney stone. And then it, it works way through to the bladder and now it's out. So it's sitting my bladder. So I have another Oh, no. Painful thing coming when I pee it out. No, no, No. Because you're gonna pee it Out. Yeah. 'cause when you pee it out, that's when it hurts. But it only hurts for five, you know, two seconds. 'cause you're, they break It down, right? Don't they like break? Right. If it's big. This one wasn't big. I Think they also have a small tool that can spread your aperture there at the end of your tinky. And I, that's, that's of course thing I ever heard. Yeah. The mi The mi the dime slot. It's a clamp. When Does that come? A reverse Clamp. It's a dime Slot. When does that come out? When is that? Do you just like, wait until That comes out? January 15th, right? Is President's Day weekend? Is that what? Buy a new mattress. Pee outta a kidney stone.


Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna, it's gonna be a huge opening weekend. Wait, Shawnee, is that, is that truly the, the next stage is the breakdown and then the pee out, Your body breaks it down. I mean, no, your body doesn't break down. It just passes through. What is that the thing that the tube that goes from your kidney to your bladder? Urethra penis? No, that's the, your penis hole tube. P tube. Oh god. Something Like that. Anyway. And then hangs out in the bladder. Anyway, ki how are you bunch Of doctors? This is great. We're doing, we're doing so well. Anyway, ki I I, Welcome to our show. This Is, I love, I love this. This is exactly what I thought I'd be talking about. A bunch of bullshit. I got my wife or rather, Santa Claus got my wife a, a hoodie last year that said, explain it to me like I'm Tracy. No, Come on. Are serious. Wow.


You guys should sue because I didn't buy it through you. That's, that's merch money that you guys aren't getting. Is That an Etsy? Is that an Etsy thing? It was like some, I think I think it was, or like Red Bubble or one of those fucking things. You know. Wait, Hang On a second. I don't wanna interrupt. Like, come Tracy. I want one of those. Yeah, I do too. Hang on. I do wanna say one thing. I can also talk At the same time. No, you Can't. I can't believe that JB knows about Etsy. That's the thing that I'm most shocked. Ah, how do you know about Etsy? Dude? Where do you think I get my throw pillows? I, I don't know. I I, Karen, my sister's a big fan of yours, by the way. Asmo. Oh Wait, Tracy's, That's Tracy. You haven't seen anything of mine, right? Haven't you guys not watched session About, about Succession. I'm gonna make a sweatshirt that says, find somebody who loves you the way that Tracy loves.


Kieran, why don't, why don't we just say that? Get that one. Yeah. Karen, I'm, I do want to get this out of the way. I am very embarrassed to say I am the only person on the planet that is yet to start. Only because I'm very serious about my ingestion of quality. What succession product? Yeah. I'm waiting till I can sit down and just suck it up. Like the attic that I am. It's one of the, it's one of the biggest shows. Everybody I know loves it. I've never heard a bad thing about it. Hey, look. And I'm embarrassed to say I started it and then I got, and then I was like, okay, I gotta restart, restart it. And I have it. And, and, but I did see most of season one. You are so fucking funny dude, And so facile And so quick. You can tell that it's obviously, it's really well written and there's a great cast, but you have a facility to you that is really unique and really like impressive.


Do you know what I mean? Thank You. It seems very, I have seen enough clips of not only that, but clips. But everything else you've ever done, I've seen those things. You do seem very comfortable with what you do. Yes, you are. And that's like, that's fun to watch. That's lately. Well, well then you were great. A greater actor than I thought you were because you always looked like you are having fun. You're not working too hard in the best sense of the, of the phrase, and it, as a viewer, you're just, you, you are relaxed watching you Yes. Do your thing. Yes. Because it looks like you're having fun and you're not stressing about you're performance and are you hitting your beats and you know, oh God, No, I don't Hit beats. Yeah. Or Marks or any of that stuff.


Yeah, You're rad. You're rad. Again, I can't wait to see real pain. About like 10 years ago, my, my wife sort of made fun of me. I was doing a play And I was like, I need to go to work. And she would work. What you do was literally called play. And I, my wife the same thing. Doesn't give it up. Yeah. Yeah. But she, it's like, But I Was like, she's kind of right. Maybe I'll go out there and just have fun with it and just stick around. This is not extra serious. This is just us, you know? I don't know. I'd like to go out there and play. Yeah. Yeah. And do you think that that level of comfort and ease is because you started so young and it was not really ever framed initially to you as like an occupation, a job, a way in which to make a Living? Or was it though, or was it, or was it framed as a way of paying the rent? There's a lot of, there's a lot of stuff that I think because I started doing it at six, like that, that's helped me now is like, I learned lines incredibly fast.


You know, I, I've listened to the show a lot, Jason. I know you're the same way. Yeah. That's like Jay. I, I often like on, on a real pain. Do you guys know Jesse Eisenberg? Oh, not yet. No. Oh, I want to. No, you should meet him. He's just, he's Seems awesome Anxiety personified. And nothing caused him more panic than me walking to set and going, what are we shooting today? And he's like, what? No, I, I wrote, there's like a whole pay long speech. What's wrong with you? He was like, I learned the lines fast. Don't worry about it. Yeah. And I don't like to rehearse And I just sort of like, look it over really quickly. And he goes, oh, those are the words. I'll just, you know, I'll probably Right. Rely on instinct. Yeah. Just go, you know, I'm With you. Yeah. Yeah. JB JB iss really good at that. I, I think that that's could be, obviously it works for you and it's very freeing, right?


Yeah. So that you're not Yeah. You're not stuck into a, But there are certain parts, if I was more courageous, I Would take on some parts that probably deserve a lot more research, study practice. Yeah. But I do really enjoy kind of not acting. I think we've talked about this before. Like, like I, I love watching actors that do act play. We Enjoy you not acting too as much as Possible. Believe me, We're do like being, I like being the audience as opposed to being, you know, the character. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Jason, do you take it personally when everybody keeps encouraging you to direct more? Yeah. It, it's starting to, But wait, but Karen, what about on succession though?


Those, there's big scenes where there's lots of people fucking speeches and shit. There's some dialogue and like Yeah. I mean, you almost have to memorize everybody else's lines too, right? Yeah. Sort of. And I, I can do that fast. There was, you know, I've done things like that, like Sarah Snook And I had a really good rapport. So sometimes I Would say, Hey, can you just take my lines? Or, you know, vice versa. We even did a, we even did a scene once for like, by like the third take. I just jumped in and stole her line and gave her a little side eye. Yeah. And then she looked at me like, All right, game on. And then later on she took mine, you know? Yeah. That's Great. I love that. I love that. That's pretty cool. But we ran it, like, we sort of did it like a play. There wasn't really a lot of rehearsing. We would go in there, we would always run the full scene like three, four, maybe five times.


Cameras were always vaguely somewhere. Right. There was no such thing as like coverage pickup shots. Really? That Wow. Wow. I remember like in a camera system, like he showed up, it was like a new guy and we were kinda rehearsing. He put a mark down And I just looked, I stopped the rehearsal and looked at him and said, first day. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That sounds like Arrested Development. You got multiple cameras and they're just sort of tagging different stuff on each take. And by the time you run it three or four times, it's fully covered everything. And that's why that show was so fricking alive. I'm on my third viewing of that show. That show was great. We were never Yeah. But it's true. We were never really aware of the cameras in that way. And talk about a sense of play. Truly. You, we had that same feeling, which was, it was super fun.


And you could kind of do anything. It's so alive that that's why like, because you, you guys were connecting and like, you guys were very alive. And that's what people respond to. I think when, And we didn't learn, we also didn't learn our lines before. We would, we would kind of do it. We, we'd have, we'd have a sort of a camera blocking as it were. It was pretty loose. And, and we would just kind of, everybody would just kind of throw it out there and write JB and we, yeah. How many times, do you remember when we, that time, we, we would come back to shoot that extra, the first Netflix season and the whole, the first day Jason And I had a 12 page two man scene, God, which was just, oh my God, just, do you remember that? And then we were walking towards stage and Mitch Herwitz comes up to us and he goes, Hey guys.


So I kind of rewrote the thing and we're like, so he gave us, and we were just going this on the way. So going. And then, okay, you're gonna come in here, you come in the front door. All right, I'm gonna go there. You're gonna go there and rolling. And Here we go. Perfect. And you just kind of fucking Go. That's so fun. Yeah. Your back's against the wall, you gotta go. And Karen, do you, do you, are, are you, are you excited to find another project that is, that is similar to that? Is it, is it now a way in which you'd love to work, that you'd love to replicate on all future jobs? Or do you want something like the polar opposite, you know, where it's very, you know, specific and measured and what do you think? That Is a really good question. 'cause I think, like when I started working on succession, I had to throw everything that I used to do out the window.


Right? Because I'd never done a TV show before. My thing was like, be off book months before, learn everyone else's lines and be extremely prepared. And then, because it's the nature of a TV show where you don't know the next episode, and also our show, we were getting rereads on the day, some of what you just said. I had to abandon that and just go fly by the seat of my pants. But it lent itself to that character because he was the kind of guy who could sort of talk his way in and out of any situation. So he didn't really have to think before he spoke. So it was sort of like, he was that guy. So I've been trying to mentally prepare for like, as it, it feels like going backwards, like, you know, doing a job with coverage and pic. And so when we started doing a real pain, I sort of thought we were going to do that, which we did kind of on the first day or so.


But the character in that movie is like the most spontaneous sort of surprising person. It's the kind of thing where just when you think you sort of have him down just to spite you, he's gonna give you a different reaction than what you're expecting. Which is a great counterbalance to, to to, to Jesse's character. Correct. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And he's, and you know, and he wrote it. He directed it. He like shot listed the whole thing before I got there. He like shot it on his phone. Yeah. Playing my character. And he would tell me things like, okay, so in this scene you sit over there And I Would go, how do you know? Ah, yeah. He's like, well, what do you mean? How do you, And I was like, well, we haven't tried it. He goes, well, why, why can't you sit there? I said, maybe I could, but we haven't tried it. What do you mean, why doesn't it work? I'm sure it works. And we talked about way in a fricking circle for a while.


I love you get, you get to set the first day he is like, Hey, I gotta cut of the movie right here. You you were, you were great. We're just doing pickups today. Yeah. So then was it, how was he when, like, you would say like, well yeah, maybe I don't sit there. Maybe I'd stand over here. That way he would just like throw out all of his coverage and just be like, oh fuck. He kind of abandoned it on like the second or third day. Wow. Yeah. Really? You forced him to Well, Because, yeah. Well, we had to shoot this sequence that he had mapped out. But the, the whole idea of it was like, we're gonna, I, I want my picture taken in front of the statue and then I start gathering the other people in this tour group to come with me. And he had planned, planned it all out. And I was like, well, isn't it sort of the point to just for me to get them into the idea and we're all gonna take a photo together?


And he said, yeah. Said, do you mind if we just try it once? And then he basically just told the cinematographer like, nevermind, fuck the shot list. Pick up the camera. That's Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's Great dude. That's great though. How cool is that? Because then you guys ended up creating something together. It is much more collaborative. Yeah. And, and, And I wonder if, and JB you can kind of may maybe address it a little bit, having directed so much now, having that for Jesse, I don't know, we should ask him. Having that sort of set, that shot list everything, the way he wants to see it. And he was so ready And so regimented. You come in, you kind of throw a wrench in that whole thing. And I bet you freed him up in a lot of ways. Maybe. I think it freaked him out a lot though. Yeah. I'm sure it freaked him out. Yeah. I think, think I scared the shit out of him, but yeah. Yeah. 'cause the clock is ticking.


You got this call sheet you gotta get done in 12 hours and it's like, yeah, yeah. Now I got a fucking pain in the ass actor that's throwing it all up. Little G's a lot faster. Actually, that's how I felt anyway. I was sort of like, well, you know, let's just run the whole thing a couple of times instead of picking up these little pieces of course. And then, you know, you get to shoot it how you want And we will be right


back. There are a lot of things that take a long time, like cleaning up my closet, that takes forever. And grocery shopping. Doesn't grocery shopping take forever? Listen, if you're an employer, you can add hiring to this list of things that take a long time, like this sentence. But now there's hope. Thanks to ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates fast like that sentence. And today you can try it for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. How fast does ZipRecruiter Smart technology start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately? ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. Let ZipRecruiter find top talent for your roles and no time at all. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. And if you go to ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess right now, you can try it for free. That's the same price as laughing so hard that your sides hurt or getting a compliment from a random stranger. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


This is an advertisement from BetterHelp. The holiday season is, as they say, the most wonderful time of the year. It can be filled with joy and happiness, but it can also be the most stressful time of the year. Scheduling conflicts, added expenses, family dynamics and drama can all take a toll. So it's important to slow down and not lose sight of your mental wellbeing. Therapy is a great way to do just that, not only during this stressful time of the year, but all year long. And BetterHelp online therapy is a great way to get into therapy. BetterHelp is designed to be convenient, flexible, and built around your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a credentialed therapist that fits your needs and preferences. Once matched, you can connect via phone, video, text, or chat. Whatever works for you. It's surprisingly affordable too. So this holiday season, give yourself a gift you can appreciate all year round. I mean, seriously this season, right? I mean, as I said earlier, you got the family coming in and the scheduling and the weather delays. And then, oh, somebody burnt the Turkey. And I said like, you gotta have yourself a nice big surplus of patience and compromise. Well established. So how you gonna do that? You're gonna maybe call up BetterHelp and get yourself all cleaned out and ready to go so you can handle everything coming your way over the next few weeks. All right, makes sense, doesn't it? Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess.


Christmas is over. Okay. Which means New Year's is almost here for that stretch between Christmas and New Year's. Make sure you're as cozy as possible at home with Macy's. Macy's has all the things you need to treat yourself to some cozy winter comfort, like fresh new bedding, warm throw blankets or beauty items for a spa day at home. Celebrate the new year in comfort with Macy's. Shop at macy's dot com or come in store.


And now back to the show Kirin. Now you're gonna take all of that, that way you're working, all that kind of stuff. How is this gonna be different? You're, you're now gonna go and you've, you've worked obviously you've, you've, you've done theater before, but you're going back to Broadway, is that right? Yeah, in the, in the spring. Yeah. I am Glen Garry Gli Ross Way Glen Glen Ross. Oh Wow. Can I be in it? Yes, but no 30 cast. What About you need an understudy? Who was it With? Sure. It can be my understudy Bob Odenkirk iss in it. Bill Burr, Michael McKean. Great. That's great. Look at that. Jesus. That's Cast. What a fucking Cast. Terrified. I thought I was. Yeah. When do you, when do you open Marchish?


I know they don't even have a theater, but they keep telling me that, that I think it'll be fine. Try the Tabasco. It's spicy, it's big. It's a great theater. The Tabasco home of Goodbye Oscar. And it was a great, it's A goodnight. Goodnight. Goodnight Asco. Goodnight. Are you about to ask Shawnee? You about to ask me about funny theater stories? Yes. But if yes, if you have Funny things That happen, if you have any, please share them. I love it. But look, Kieran, you can't do let Him tell a theater story. Oh No, I I wasn't actually prompting myself for a funny bit. I just know that Sha like to ask that. Like, or it's audition stories or Yes. Jump in. I love tho Those are my favorite stories, if you have one. I I could, I I got a really quick one, which is yes. I did a play 10 years ago with Michael. Sarah. Nice. This is our youth.


And I had food poisoning and it's already funny. The moment the show started in lights came up, I realized, oh, I'm fucked. Oh. So I spent like an hour just trying not to vomit. And by the end of the first act we, I had this whole speech And I realized I cannot put my mouth, I'm gonna vomit. And I have this whole speech where I have to get the money. There's an amount and what I'm spending it on. And I stood up next to the, to the door to leave the apartment. I'm wobbling And I have the speech and there's like a five, six, second long pause that's not supposed to be there. And I hold my hand out And I just went money. And he put the money in my hand. I ran out and the stage manager, I guess had put a bucket right next to the door. Oh God. And They started violently, loudly vomiting in this bucket.


They were trying to drag me away, But I couldn't, I was just holding onto this bucket for dear life. Vomiting. I asked Michael afterwards, I said, could you guys hear me? He goes, are you fucking kidding me? He goes, it was the most surreal shared experience I've ever had with a group of people of listening to a grown man vomited a bucket. I just a badgeing. Michael's just dry, takes out to the house while everyone's here. Just like he Said, he grabbed a comic book and started trying to casually read a comic book as if this wasn't happening Until you made your reference. No, the understudy came in in act two. No. Oh Wow. Really? While I spent, yeah. I was vomiting for upstairs for the next few hours And they somehow dragged me home for hours more of vomiting.


That's the best theater story we've heard yet, Sean. That's really good. Sean. Yes. I think that's really great. I love that. So wait, so this was in London then? No, that one was in New York, but Wikipedia is correct. I did do that play in London like eight years before That. No, no, no, no. Will. You're the one who had time to actually do the Research. I actually do know that you did this. Our youth also in London. Thank you. I have a very close relationship with this is our youth because the original cast, Missy Ger was in the original casts Right. Whom I lived with at the time. She was my girlfriend in the nineties. I knew that. Yeah. And I remember when they first did it and she and Kenny first did it and with Mark and Josh Hamilton, I, yeah. Shot about 42 times. Yeah. It's an, it's an amazing play.


It's a great play. It's such a great, it's such a it is brilliant play. I, I can't let it go. Like I played it as the character Warren in London And I, I, I felt like I never got it right. So I spent like years trying to do it again and then realized I actually was right for the other part. I just had to spend years convincing Kenny Lauder again that I was right for that part. And then I got to do it like in Chicago, Sydney. No way. I Can't seem to let it go. Yeah. Oh, that I did not know. Oh, would it, would it make a good movie? I, I don't know. I've always tried to crack that one. I I, I don't think I, I don't know What about that. What about, what about directing a movie? Directing Or anything? I don't know. I don't have that thing. You don't have a directing thing?


I'm Not that ambitious. Doubt. Doubt. That's true. I doubt don't. Yeah. I, I Keep You've been around, you've been around film and you've been making film since you were, as you said, six. Well, first of all, what was the first, let's get into this. Yeah. What was the first professional experience you had working in tv, film, et cetera? First, If you remember, first professional experience I had was a commercial when I was six. And I actually don't quite know what it was for. Yeah. But it was like, for something to do with learning disabilities. And I remember that I was put, the, the concept was I'm standing in front of a chalkboard with chalk in my hand And I don't know how to solve the easy thing in front of me. And the, and the kids in the class are supposed to be calling me dummy and stupid, all that. And I have a distinct memory of being there and the director going, okay.


He's like, action. And he starts going, dummy, idiot, stupid. Oh my God. And like, even then, then I'm thinking like, you know, I get it. I'm six, like, stand here and look sad. I'm not fucking method. I'm six. Like, what's wrong with you? Right, Right, right. Oh My God, I think you just, But why do I have, I have this image of you. I can't remember what I was watching, where you were either you hosted or your brother hosted SNL and you Were Oh good. I thought you were gonna say, I have this image of you in my hard drive. Okay. Keep going. Well that's Leah. I that too. But wait, why were you on, where did I, what was I watching where they did a zoom in on you and you were like on stage on SNL or something? So I, I, I hosted SNLA couple years ago and it was 30 years.


Oh, That's what it was. It was 30 years almost to the day. It was like a couple day shy of being 30 years from when my brother hosted. Oh, wow. And I got to be in like three sketches. So they had I to be there for the good nights and stuff like that. That's really cool. That was so cool. Was that surreal? That really was. And I, it was one of those things I felt would never, ever happen, but was, there's very few like things I, like I said, I'm not very ambitious. I don't like have these big aspiring dreams, but like hosting SNL but Hosting SLL Right. Was like that one, that one. And like voicing the Simpsons, which I still haven't done yet. Those are like the two things I've always wanted to do. Here they come, I remember, I remember one time when, I remember when JB got, was asked to host the first time, this is true story and you probably don't remember this.


And you were first, you got asked to do it. And this was in, you did it in like January of 2005? I think. It wasn't after like the first year or second year Of the second year. Yes, it was. Yeah, it was January of 2005. And I remember you going, going, dude, they just asked me, I I'm gonna host SNL And I go, that's fucking great. And you go, I mean it's like a dream come true. And I was like, yeah, no shit. Obviously It's a fucking, what do you think you're fucking this ex Well this, this was a dream come true for me. Oh, is it? No, but a lot of people. But there's a lot of people, And I won't, I won't mention their names here 'cause maybe they, they're not excited about it, but that they, they will never host SNL Really?


Because it's so frightening to them. I've heard That. Yeah. Like it's like the thing they would least like to do. Yeah. And they've turned it down a million times. There's there's tons of 'em. Yeah. I Guess I've heard that one. So that's probably where I was Coming from. Okay. That's you one Of my favorite, my favorite Goodnights stories. You know, like, 'cause when you, when you do the goodnights at the end, all that's on the cue card is like the musical guest and anybody else that showed up. Yeah. And like, while you're like five seconds of tv, Lauren goes, okay, enjoy. And I go, what do I say? He goes, anything you want and walks away. Yeah. And all I'm doing is looking at the cue cards and then I, you know, But I said the normal goodnights, but my favorite I've ever seen was Liam Neeson hosted like in early two thousands. And the camera cuts to him and he just goes modest mouse.


And it's Just quiet. And then they just start playing the music. It's so good. It's just reading the cards, not doing it at all. He Just literally just read the cue cards on his mouse. Love it. I started Hugging. But Karen, you, Karen, you can't, you can't be you and not be super smart. Like, you seem hyper intelligent because while you talk fast, like I usually do, not today on morphine, but you talk, but you, you, it seems like you're, you're firing in all cylinders brain. Did they say you had to smoke the morphine? I don't get it. So they give you the option. You're like, no wanna I still, I still have a have a, what is it called? A drip track marks, but track marks. But you seem really like you, you talk fast, which means if you think fast, which means you can probably like to, when when Will was talking to you or Jason was talking about directing, it seems like people who fire in all cylinders all the time can do stuff like that.


So if you don't wanna do that, what do you do to like Occupy all that extra bandwidth? Yeah. Oh God. I don't, I don't know, drive my wife crazy. I don't even have like hobbies crossword. I don't like not even, I do like, you know, wordle kle bullshit. Like I know he does. Oh yeah. Yeah. Isn't it weird that I know stuff about you? 'cause I listen to your show too much. We'll pull him in. There's an, there's that, that empty seat. Have you guys ever filled my seat? Yeah. No, we have better way to Say that. Yeah. Just gonna, we we still play every morning. Yeah. I'm still Tle Kle and OC Turtle. Ur you do the OC turtle Url. I haven't done in a whi a while. Yeah. I a In a whi Of my favorite and a widdle. What a dip. Shit. Yeah. You just said I'm smart And I speak fast. Not Correctly, but Kle.


But I will say today was really tough and it was a bust. We had three busts Oh wow. On, on Cordle Today, which was a big, ooh. It was sending shockwaves through our, our our ural cordle wordle, what we call Nle now Chain. Karen, I find it hard, hard To believe there's nerd does exist. It's a ma one. You're Really saying you do not have a hobby. I don't, I don't buy it. What, tell me, just tell Me days. Do you live in New York full time? Are you a New York guy? I Live in New York fulltime. But also, like, I amazed that people do things in a day. Like I just don't, I don't get it. You wake up, find time to Exactly. You Get the kid off to school. Exactly. How many days you up. Exactly. That's just, that's It. That's the whole I just woke. You wake up And I'm already getting ready for bed.


How did that happen? What did I, what did I, how many kids do you have? I got two, a 3-year-old and a 5-year-old. So that's my hobby I guess is that's any, anytime I'm not like, this is really lovely And I really want to be here, But I feel like time I'm doing something. I'm just trying to get home to be with the kids. I know that. And then, are you like me? Do you put on the PJ's as soon as you're home if you know you're not leaving again the rest of the day, even if it's one 30 in the afternoon? Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. I, me too. I mean like my walking around like it's a pair of shorts and a big t-shirt, but yeah, it's the same idea. Yeah. And then, so then is it, is it television? Is it a book? Like what are you, you're not just sitting on a couch staring at the wall. God, I haven't read a book since I had a kid. So. Amen. That would be five years ago. Say, amen. I forgot you're not a reader because the words just keep coming at you. Right, Jason?


Yeah. Tv. Yeah. It's just too much Because we're watching tv. The Words just keep coming. They really do. They just, it's relentless. Like you almost no time for TV or movies unless like, I can put it like in a schedule. I don't know. Yeah. It it, So when, so when you're done with us today, what you, you, you log off and then what, what happens? I have like a little zoom meeting right after you, and then I have to go do some, I'm still doing press for the movie. So then like about an hour after that zoom, I go do a press. I actually don't know what the thing is. I'm going to, I stopped looking at the itinerary smarter. They tell me to like get in a car at 1130. I get in at like 1215 and hope for the best. Yeah. I literally, th this happened a couple weeks ago. I got in the back of a car about 45 minutes late and the guy said, Delta Airlines.


And I went, I don't know. And he said he goes, JFK. And I said, beats me man. I really don't fucking know. You probably know. Called the publicist. And I mean literally I wasn't even sure if I was going to the airport except for that. I had a bag that was already packed. I got to the airport, I put my passport in the machine and as I put it in, I realized I don't know where I'm going today. Huh. Wow. Yeah. And it was a good thing too. 'cause it was a long flight. I was gonna Warsaw. I'm glad I brought my passport. Why were you gonna Warsaw? Warsaw Reshoot. The movie was shot in Oh, oh, oh, oh. This movie. Oh, sorry. Yeah. This movie. It was shot there. Had like a How did you like Warsaw? Yeah, I was about to say I Hardly saw it. I was, we were shooting like six day weeks. More like, no, saw that. All Right. Yeah, that Was good. Good for you Will I thank you.


It's Poland, I hear is a very, very beautiful country. Oh, you've Been hearing that? I have been hearing that. I have not yet visited yet. Yeah. But I hearing it a lot We're like on the grape, on the grapevine or Yeah, My text threads really Nice parks. And my wife, my wife's from London and she always brags about how the parks in London are the best in the world. Yeah. But the, the best parks she's ever seen were in Warsaw. Really? That's Something. Yeah. Really. So she went with you, the kids went with You at the beginning? They were there for the first like 11 to 12 days. And then once they left I was Yeah. Popping Around. And how long, how long were you alone without them? 25 days. That was, yeah, that's Long. Oh Wow. Oh no, that was murderous. Yes.


25 shooting days. That's five weeks. 25 full. No, 25 full days. 25 Full Days. All right. And actually, yeah, I tried to actually back outta the movie once I saw that that was the schedule. Yeah. Jesse didn't know about that. Wow. 'cause I had recently, I don't know if you guys have these rules, like I just did when I was doing succession I had to do eight days away. And I was like, that was tough but manageable. And then I had to do 11 and went, I can't do that. Yeah. 8, 8 8 is my, that's my new rule. Wait, you live in New York? The show is shot in New York. Why would you do, that's Not Jason. That's the opposite of your rule. Right? Which is it minimum six months away Or, Or you're out. Well they're just so noisy, these kids. What about, wait, what, where did you have to go for succession that took you out for eight and 11 days away from New York?


There was A lot of places, you know, like, there's usually like once per season watch the show that we ended up somewhere else in, you know, Italy, Norway, Sean's never seen development. And we, and we've been doing this PO and we've been friends for 20 Years. I know. Still. Yeah. Still I haven He's, I always say I watched it three times. I haven't seen Ozark. It's okay. I always Say I've seen it as much as they've watched Will and Grace. I've Seen a lot of Will and, And I was fucking on Will and Grace. You were, he Was on Will and Grace. Yeah. So why'd you fucking, when you're sitting there passing your stone and nothing else that you can't do, fuck all. Watch a couple episodes. So, so you guys shot in incredible locations for succession that I do know you guys shot like in Croatia. Tuscany, yeah.


Yeah, yeah. Norway. We were all over the Luxury bastard. I know. How good is that? But it wasn't that. No, it wasn't that like, nice. I remember like at the end of season two, my wife was like heavily pregnant. It was August. She's back in New York and she was basically complaining about hot it was, and she was alone and all this stuff. And she's like, and you're on a yacht and Croatia. I'm like, I'm not on a yacht. I'm on a fucking set. It's not like I'm going swimming between Jake and all that. It's like, that's the thing. When we traveled all these places, unless you can specifically get some time off after, you're not really seeing the stuff. Yeah. I don't know. Right. Yeah. Wait, wait, Karen, so so you've always been in New Yorker. I wanted to get back to this 'cause I saw video something of you recently. Not even, not even in, in anticipation of doing this.


I just saw it out in the world of you revisiting your childhood apartment. Oh Wow. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. That was on CBS Sunday morning, which is a great show you did, right? That was a great, Yeah, it was. And it, it was really cool. And I loved you going in and seeing your former neighbor and, and that was Not planned at all. We were just like, they were setting up a camera outside and he was like, oh, hi Kira. I, that was Dallas. Oh, thanks. Yeah, they Weren't. So talk a little bit about like, growing up in New York and, and auditioning for stuff and what that was like and, and, and now Yeah. As, as I mentioned in the, in the lead in that, that Jason, we, we often talk about people about being able to have that longevity and be able to kind of take what you be a, a child actor and have that translate into becoming a a, an adult actor as well.


Is is is really rare. Yeah. Petrified. Yeah. I feel like, I feel like other than what I mentioned earlier about like learning lines fast and knowing like that stuff, I feel like everything I did as a kid, like I don't think I apply any of the acting stuff I used to do as a kid to what I do now. Really? So I think the, I think it's the, yeah. And I, because I I sometimes I see that in former kid actors, I don't know if you know what I'm talking about, where they, there's sort of like bad habits you could sort of pick up along the way that you just have to be mindful to. Right. You mentioned like, and Iby, you, the director was like, I'm seeing the kid tricks. Just fucking knock it off and be better basically. Yeah. Stop showing me what you're doing, you know, stop. Yeah. You know.


Yeah. Stop trying to show me what the character's doing and stop showing me what's happening in the scene. Like Right. You Know, that's my job. Let us Yeah. Force us to lean in and read your mind. Right. So You, you kind of, you shifted what you did. Like Jason, I'm sure a lot of stuff that you used to do, like on growing pains is now different. No, No, no. That's Kirk. Cameron will, I'm so sorry. Can I talk to you for a second? Yes, I could. Kirk Cameron. This Whole Time. The whole time. I've never been. Yeah. But now Karen, did you have the same level of, of, of panic and horror? Yes. When you were start thinking about, my God, am I gonna be able to transition my, my, my, my, my ability to, to make a dollar into adulthood?


Like, or should I go to college? Should I get something where I have a diploma And I have a reasonable expectation of sort of a base salary and some consistency and predictability in my life? God, I don't really think all that often. So all I know is true. Like, I suddenly found myself at like 20 And I remember my manager, who I, I, I'm still with, I've been with her for 30 years. She like used the word career And I kind of panicked 'cause I've been doing it since six. But it's like a 6-year-old shouldn't really pick their occupation for the rest of their life. That's not really, they're not really qualified to do that, you know? Right. So I think I kind of panicked and was like, okay, well I don't know if this is what I wanna do. So I think I spent many years trying to figure out what I wanna do and, but At that point, you, in The meantime, yeah.


At That point you're 20. So you could still kind of start college. You'd be a 20-year-old freshman, which is not cute, But I still could have done it. I'm also, I'm, I'm A high school dropout as well. I don't really, you know. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Well, but, but, but like Jason, you asked that, remember we asked this recently to Carrie Russell and she was like, no, I had no thought about making the leap from being a, you know, a child actor to a, like, she didn't worry about it at all. Yeah, you did. You, you were cognizant Of it. I did, But I still didn't do anything to mitigate the risk. In other words, I wasn't taking like night classes in real estate, you know, like it was just, I mean, it's really fucking stupid what I did and what you did, Karen, what Carrie did. Like, we're still at this.


I'm gamblers 55, I'm still running sort of wild great show by the way. You know, that Was me, Carrie Russell. Like, if this doesn't work out in the next, what, six months things could go completely dry, is at any point any of our careers. And we don't have a, a diploma to or a degree in something that says, no, no, no. I'm knocking on the door. I I should give me a job. But isn't that The thing that Drives you is that fear is like I got Yeah. But it's this anxiety that's behind all the time. I know, I know. I think a really good antidote to that also for me has been rich parents Fucker. That's Nice. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. They're not. That must be Really nice. Yeah.


I'm being, I'm being flippant. It's true. It's not true. It's Not true. I remember my, my grandma like about 20 years ago, she was in North Dakota. She asked me like, she goes, you still acting? I said, yeah. And she goes, when was your last job? And I said, oh God. It like a little over a year ago. And she goes, you should get into meat. People always need meat. Huh? Really? Really? Your grandma said that? Not terrible. Not terrible. You should Get should meat. Terrible advice. Yeah. People will always eat it. Yeah, we'll be right back.


Our dogs deserve to be as happy as they make us. That's where BarkBox comes in. BarkBox is a monthly delivery of original toys and tasty treats tailored to your dog. Each month's box is inspired by a new theme and is packed with two original toys, two fold bags of healthy treats, and one bonus item. And it's all shipped free to your door. The treats included in the box are delicious, crafted by animal nutrition experts and taste tested by actual dogs. The toys in the box are size appropriate for your specific dog too. Plus you can select a super chew box, which has tough toys for dogs who play a little harder, like my dog, Ricky. Some of the past monthly BarkBox themes have included ancient Egypt and the Wild West. BarkBox even creates exclusive collections and products with partners like Star Wars, Harry Potter, and more. Not loving a particular toy or treat BarkBox will work with you and your dog to make things right. I got sent a bunch of Star Wars stuff, you know, newsflash, they knew I liked Star Wars, so I got Star Wars stuff And I took the BBA out. Ricky went nuts for BBA, pushing it all over the floor. It's like a, it was like free entertainment to watch and push this, this cool BarkBox toy around. It was awesome. Join today and our listeners will get two times the toys and treats in their first box. Just visit bark.co/ SmartLess. That's bark.co/ SmartLess.


SmartLess fans your favorite podcast has some must have merch waiting for you at the SiriusXM online store. And here's the best part, the store is powered by Shopify. So grabbing your gear is as easy as pressing play on a new episode. We're grateful Shopify makes it easy for our corporate daddy to make SmartLess goodies available to all of you, our listeners. Shopify is the global commerce platform that helps you sell at every stage of your business from the launch your online shop stage all the way to the did we just hit a million orders stage. Shopify is there to help you grow. Whether you're selling scented soap or SmartLess sweatshirts, trucker hats and coffee mugs. Shameless plugs, sorry. Shopify helps you sell everywhere from their all-in-one e-commerce platform to their in-person POS system. Shopify's got you covered. Plus sell more with less effort. Thanks to Shopify Magic, your AI powered All star. Sign up for a $1 per month trial period@shopify.com slash SmartLess. All lowercase. Go to shopify.com/ SmartLess now to grow your business. No matter what stage you're in,


Christmas is over. Okay? Which means New Year's is almost here for that stretch between Christmas and New Year's. Make sure you're as cozy as possible at home with Macy's. Macy's has all the things you need to treat yourself to some cozy winter comfort, like fresh new bedding, warm throw blankets or beauty items for a spa day at home. Celebrate the new year in comfort with Macy's. Shop at macy's dot com or come in store.


And now back to the show. Forgive me. Is it just you and McCauley that were actors or were there other people in your family? My brother Rory actually at some point just sort of like given the opportunity to act and some of them just didn't take to it. Some did And and then of all Seven of us And then parents. Seven and seven kids. Seven kids. Seven kids. Yeah. And that Heart, Sorry, where do you fall in that? Right in the middle. Yeah. Okay. But I don't really have that middle child thing because I was like the favorite. Yep. There you go. I don't, I don't really believe in birth order as much as other people do. Yeah. You had, you're one of four, right, Willie? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was the baby, like my whole thing.


I was the baby for almost 10 years, then my brother was born. So, you know, have two older sisters And I don't know, I just don't buy into it. Yeah, I don't think Yeah, you make of it. You make of it what you will like anyway. Yeah, exactly. I think Whatever the is We're capable of. Anything. Well, real, real quick. Their names. Yeah. Callum. No, Jack Wat and Jack, We'll let you come back on that. Okay. I do love them. I think. Look it Up. Sean. Sean, do you have a question for our guest? No, I was just saying so, but then as far as, as far as the lineage of the, the lineage of the cu Family, love Sean just threw up right now And the kidney stone comes on my throat instead of my peel guys.


I passed it. No, but parents and grandparents and like, or did it or did this acting bug start with you? The kids of the, of the cul. I, It's like my, I think my father and his siblings did it as kids. That's okay. Sort of my understanding. 'cause actually I only know that, 'cause a few years ago we went through an old storage unit And I found this like pamphlet of, I guess what his parents were trying to like, I don't know what exactly what it was, but it was like, Hey, we have a son that's an actor and we have this other son that's a magician. Oh wow. And it was like, sort of like, we have these performing arts kids. Wow. Isn't it amazing the, the stuff you find out about your parents way later? Like Yeah, I grew up, I grew up without knowing anything about my mom or obviously my dad.


Yeah. But my mom, mom, no Idea idea. Your dad was such a great driver. I know. Do you know the make of the car at least? Yeah. I wasn dad Didn't own a You didn't know that your dad didn't own a map. I guess still he had a, a bad memory or he had a bad memory. Wait, do you guys remember that car? The mg The MG horse car? Oh yeah. My dad owned that. No kidding. He Built a car built for one, Built for barely two people. He had five kids. That's The first sign, man. Yes, I know. You shoulda punctured the tires. I isn't that the truth? Isn't that the truth?


Like, that's such a red flag. Oh God. The joke ever gets Old. You know what the other, you know what the other red flag was when he said, I'm fucking outta Here. Oh man. So fucking funny. This is So, so weird for me because it feels like, like You, You're just meeting me, But I feel like I'm hanging out with my old friends that are just fucking with each other. You are, We are. My wife used to tell me for months, she was listening to the show before I listened to it. She would, this happened on more than one occasion. She'd be like, oh, my friend said blah, blah, blah. The other day we were having this chat And I said, which friend was it? And she'd then go, oh fuck. That was SmartLess. It Happens all the time. Who is that?


Is that Sha is that Well, no, I know. She actually, like a couple months ago we were at this 'cause her favorite episode is the one you guys did with Matthew Reese and Oh yeah. Good guy. She Loved It. She listened to it more than once. And she, so we're at this party and she goes, oh, Matthew's here, let's go say hi. And she started dragging me over And I was like, Matthew, who? And then she, right before we got to him, she stopped me and started pushing me away. She goes, nevermind, we haven't met him. We're not friends. Oh my God, that's SmartLess. And I love her. That's hysteric. I love her already. What is her name? Sweet Jazz. Jazz. Jazz. Hey Jazz. Az Z. And it's not short for anything, actually. Right. When, when I met her, that was one of the first things I said. It's not, it's dumb. I, when I first met her, I, I shook her hand And I said, I said, what's your name? She went, Jazz. I said, JAZZ, like the music.


She went, yeah. I said, well, that's fucking stupid. And It just came out at me And I went right away. I was like, I blew it. But instead she laughed. So it worked out. All right. That's Where were you when you guys met? What, tell, tell us the story. Is it a meet ke at a bar? It's, I meet, but that was it. I mean that, what I love about the story is it's fast. That was pretty much it. The, the only other thing was when I walked into a bar, I was with a friend. Is that your ride? I saw her, Yeah. That's have to go. This is New York City. Yeah. This is, You're like, I don't know where the car's taking me, but it's my dealer. That's my dealer. Yeah. Yeah. I walked in a bar, I saw her And I yelled, holy shit. Yeah. And I What city? What city? Were New York City. New York. New York, Yeah. Yeah. New York. And I was with this dude And I said like, Hey, we need to go stand near this girl.


Which I realizing now sounds kind of creepy. Yeah, very. And so we stood near her's. What We had to do before these dating apps, you just had to like kinda circle. Yeah, you show up. Yeah. Fucking easy now, right? Yeah. This was 13 years ago. Yeah. She was sitting at a table with some dude and the moment he got up to leave to go to the bathroom, I just jumped in there and stole his seat. No way. And I literally, like, all I did is I sat down and said, sorry, I just stole your friend's seat. And she went, that's okay. I said, was that your boyfriend? She said, no. I said, do you have a boyfriend? She went, no. I said, then I'm ki Wow. Oh wow. I've never been forward in my life. I know. And then she said, I'm Jazz. And you said, that's fucking stupid. And I Said, that's fucking stupid. And, And then what are drinking? You guys been making music ever since? Where? What part, what part her town were you in?


Do you remember? It Was, what the hell was the name of the place? It was on seventh and a seventh and a, it was called Cabin Down Below. Oh, Nice. Okay. Do you know that one? I don't know if I know. Cabin Down Below Seventh. Seventh and a and a that, so that is Lower East Side. I wanna say Lower East Side, east Village. One of those places where East, I kept getting like, turned away because they kept, like, every time I tried to go there, they were like, it's a private party. 'cause I didn't, I wasn't dressed cool or I wasn't famous, but they, they knew my wife. Like, there was one time I, I went there And I was with a couple of like, I'm not meaning to name Drop. I was there with a couple like famous people, right? Sure. And I walked up first And they were like, sorry, private party. And I looked back at one of my friends, it was, I'll just tell you who it was.


It was Scarlet Johansen. She's like, I got this. And she walked up, she goes, hi there with me. And he looked at her and said, it's a private party. Oh. And He looked, he looked at, he looked up and went Jazz. And she was like, yeah. I was like, oh, are they with you? And she went, yeah, nice. Come on in. Ah, Jazz for the win. She's One of those fucking people. She's Like, that's one of those New York fucking Jazz, jazzy Jazz, Jazz love. She's just one of those people, Man. She makes friends everywhere. Now, now, since you guys are, since acting is generational, what about the 3-year-old and the five-year old? What are you thinking? I'm not against that. Think You gonna support it? Yeah. I mean, I, I had a really nice experience with it. Yeah. Growing up. Me too. I You did. Yeah. I, it was, it Was nice. However, it is that thing.


Getting back to that other point, it's like, are you going to, at some point, you, I Would imagine you would say now, would, do you want to kind of, kind of help your odds a little bit by going to college at the same time? Maybe. I Would probably encourage an education And I never got one. Yeah. But I don't know. Yeah, I Would probably encourage that, But I don't really know. Yeah. But I've also heard of people. This is something I kind of wish I, it hasn't come to bite me in the ass, really. But I, I remember doing like a lot of press as a kid, And I feel like I Would maybe try to protect them from doing that a bit Because Sometimes I, I'll get quoted on something stupid. I said, I'm like, I was 13. That's not what they actually think. Like, I don't, you know. What about Sean? Remember that?


Sean, remember that time you paid that guy to bite you in the ass? Sorry. It just reminded me of that story. Surprisingly cheap too, wasn't it? Yeah. I mean, he was, he, he lowered his rates for me. That's Really Funny. There's also the part about like, there's also the part about like training yourself to to to believably be someone else at a time when you're trying to figure out who you are, like starting to act when you're a little kid. Did that ever screw you up at all? No. I think other things probably screw me up. I don't know if that was it. What, What fucked you guys up? Oh my God. You feeling pretty balanced now? Have you? The self God, no. Self self-analysis or, or professional analysis?


I'm a big Fan. Therapy. Therapy. Therapy. No therapy. I prefer to go undiagnosed. Oh, I I love therapy. Yeah, me Too. Just, I I should, I know if you guys, Ugh. Sound Like long walks work too. Yeah. Sean, you go to therapy all In progress. I go to therapy every week. Oh, I love it. Yeah. You do. Yeah. It's like, instead of dumping it all on Scotty, I just pay somebody to listen again. Again. Pay somebody to, it All beat me to it. Oh my God. All right. Kira, what about, are we a sports fan? Television show fan? You've said No. No, we Don't watch tv. No, no hobbies? I don't do anything. Zero. Wait, it's so, like, it's, yeah, I don't understand it.


I don't know. I just don't have time. I don't even get to the gym. So Do you go, do you meet people for coffee? Do you like No, I don't really even have friends anymore. Like, what will You click and you just hang up, kind of. What will you do after this, Karen, after you're done with this little, He's got a zoom and then he is gotta go do more press. Got Not like a press thing And I got the thing. Oh, okay. You know, I like doing this. Hey, this is, this is kind of a new one. I think I need therapy because I like doing, I like flower arrangements now. Do You really? Okay, there you Go. Yeah, I do. I like that. That's great. That gives me some calm. What About a garden on the roof of your apartment? That's such a nightmare. It's New York. That's not gonna be nice no matter how You, if there's, if there's gardens, you can, you can rent a public square garden in a public square. That's a bit of a bummer too. I find I'll do, I'll do crafts with you till we fucking careful Killing Karen all The time. And don't until what?


Yeah. Really craft. I don't know. But les, we could get macaroni and glue and make stuff on paper plate. I can do that with my children. But yeah, please come on over. Yeah, You don't have the, you can join Us. We got all that Stuff. He's turned into a morphine addict. He's gonna steal your silverware. It's not, I'll never leave him alone with the kids. But yeah, he can come over supervise. Now, when do you start rehearsals on the play? Yeah. Oh gosh. February or something like that. That's Terrible. Because can we, can we, can we get a commitment? Can we, can the three of us come to the opening night of your play? Yeah, Of course we can. You're invited. Of course you can. The Public is inviting like stupid ass. You've Your Own publicist. You need me to like give up tickets. Yes. I mean, I could. Yeah. Fine. Fuck it. Yeah, Yeah. No, leave them alone Will.


Yeah. I'm sure you have connections yourself, but fine. You three are my guests. You want to come? No. Plus ones though. Exactly. No. Now is Jazz in the business as well? No. Not at all. No. But she understands enough about what you do to, It's taken a while. While she used to, she used to think that, like, she goes, I don't understand why like actors get awards and things. She's, she literally thought that like Directors Puppeteered, the actor told them where to sit and the cadence on how to speak. So that's literally what her point of view was on it. She had never been on a set or anything around it. Right. She's, she's come to understand Where she grew up. She, yeah. Like what's going on London, but yeah. Okay.


Closer than, than Here. Oh, I Do like London close. Do you guys spend a lot of time over there as a result Of We do. I I, yeah. I I love it out there that we always, I do too. Consider Living up there. I noticed the, the throw the throw pillow. Yeah. That's what that is. And yeah. Yeah. That's what we do here. Look at Sean. Look at Sean's right eye. Is it Half? Oh my God. Is it open? No. No. The whole show. It's just been half open. The left one's fully open that the right one is really tired like that. Sean Was just, oh God. This morning Sean spent 45. He spent 45 minutes bent at the waist outside his front door this morning. And that It's so true. It's so true. I was at the er at Cedars and there's like, it was a seven hour wait.


What, What is wrong with you? Why aren't, why didn't you cancel? Because I had, there's no other option. Was Scotty with you? Yeah. So you didn't, you didn't take the the driverless cab this time? I told him, I'm like, fuck off. I'll just take the thing. That's sweet. What's it called again? That's Sweet. Waymo. Waymo. Waymo. And you did have a good experience, right? Yeah. I love the Waymo. Yeah. Do they have that yet in New York? Karen? Wait, I I Would, I've never heard of it. It's the driverless, it's the, it's the driverless side. Oh. That scares the shit outta me. No, I haven't seen any here. No. How Do you get around New York? Are you a bike rider? Oh God no. I don't do that either. See, that would fall under hobby probably. Or at least exercise. And I don't do that. It could, yeah. No. Are you a subway guy? Subway? Yeah. Yeah. That's the best way to get my kids to school and all that.


And If it's rain, you'd take a cab. Yeah. No, it's not today. It's rainy today. Rain. Do you, do you, what do I, you know what? I've never figured out about the subways. Once you come up out of the stairs after you've reached your destination, I can't figure out whether I'm looking north, south, east, or west. 'cause I can't find the Sun. Oh my God. Because you're used to getting in the backseat and you driver just taking you places. Like, Sir, can you change your radio station? This is A whole, A whole host. I actually requested nobody talk to me on this ride. This, You know how, you know, a lot of the times JB is 'cause on the avenues, certainly on the avenues, you know which direction they go, whether they go uptown or downtown. So you can kinda get a Sense of that.


Yeah, you can, you can look at the numbers. I think if you can count, you can sort of figure it out. Yeah. But you, that, that necessitates walking a block to see if the numbers are going up or down. That's that. That's No problem. Oh, gas. Yes. Yeah. You might walk one block out of the way. Yeah. Well, but like, I shouldn't have to walk a block to figure out which way I'm going. You know? Well you also have like smarty phones now. Do you wanna go to a council meeting in New York? Maybe you can be heard, you know what I mean? Well, yeah. What would you, what would you suggest if somebody at the, at the exit of every station telling you where to go? In England, they take the time to paint on the road there, look left. You know, like, maybe, maybe New York can say you are facing north on the ground. Yeah. It doesn't say which direction you're facing. No, But I'm saying doesn't Say north or south. It's Left case dismissed.


Yeah, That's what you don't get hit by a car, I'm Saying. No, I understand. But I'm saying there are efforts that the infrastructure folks can go to, you know, to help out the people on the road. This is real Stuff. Sean. Sean, remember last you were having dinner with Richard and Jenny's and you came outside And I was bent over at the waist. This is true. And I said, And I looked at him And I go, yeah, har, do you Remember that? Oh God. That was, I was one of the hardest things. Just wait, What? Being hunched over at the Waist, you know Richard? Richard Erlich? Yeah. The World World's best realtor. If you're looking for a house in Los Angeles area, contact Richard early. That's a true story. Okay. That is true story. And Will, and we walk out to our cars, the night's over and we're walking out to the, to his driveway and Will goes acting like he's completely bombed out of his mind.


He goes, Hey, hey man, can I ask you something? I go, yeah. He goes, do you know where I can do you know where I can get some heroin? I'm just asking a friend. I'm asking for heroin. I'm asking for a friend. I don't want, I don't want anything to do with it. By the Way, let's not make light of people who are struggling with it. No, of course not. It was just a funny thought. We're Not, we're not, it was a fun one. We're just having fun because Sean happens to be hooked on morphine, right? Oh God, I don't be Hooked, addicted to Karen. Karen, this is it. We could just talk to you all day knowing that you have nothing else to do. Gonna do This all over again. Nothing. Yeah. He's gotta do it all over again. Right. Is there anything you want to ask Sean? Is there anything, because you've listened to a few episodes, is there anything you need to know from Sean?


Go ahead. He's ask him why he hates his colon so much. Yeah. Why? He's always in the hospital. What is Wrong? No. 'cause my, yeah, well, I'm not, I just, my heart thing was the big is the big thing. But it's all being taken care of. Well, You know why ki if you went, if you went to Shauna Scotty's house every day, every meal, it's like a 12 year old's birthday party. This is true. Okay. I know this is, it's true. It's true. Napkins on Laps. I'm kind of eat the same. I I'm, I'm a I'm, I'm kind of the same when it comes to the food thing. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You like the food? I do. And I, and it's, it's the shitty stuff. Like my wife the other day reached in and grabbed some Cheetos that I was eating was about to, and then she let go and said, what am I doing? Wait, what are you doing? Where did these come from? And I said, they were in the house.


She goes, how Stop putting this in our house. Right? How old, how old the man are you? 42. Yeah. And I can't be eating like that. So You, you go to the mar do you go to the, do you guys take turns gonna the market and doing the shopping? Yeah. And then, you know, I do that thing where I shop hungry and then I'm buying the BI find that they have like that chicken and a biscuit. Do you know those like box of Crackers, chicken, two big? I love those. Yeah. I'll buy, like, I'll buy them by the case. And I love Just pushing the cart row by row by row. Yes. No list at all. I'm just gonna go down each row, however long it takes, takes. I'm gonna look at everything and, and see what I want. But you don't put anything in the cart, right? Because You just salads. No, I, I feel it. Jv I love hearing you describe sort of normal, you know, everyday necessities for people as a novel idea. You know what I mean? It's like a fun Hashtag.


Relatable. You know what? Know What's to walk into an office And I into all the places. I like to pretend I have a job. Where's my call? Work, work, work. Amazing. Amazing. Kieran Cul. What a delight you are. Are, man, You Guys are fun. Ah, you're A good man. You'd be a good dinner. Hang. We'll we maybe we'll hit you up for dinner in New York. Come. Yes, please. Come see the show and yeah, I wanna see the show. I really wanna see the Show. Let's all hang out and do the thing. Yeah. You guys never do repeat guests on your show either, right? Because We have done it on live. When we did the tour, we did some repeats and had some friends. I Remember that. I watched that doc. He was great. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's when I learned from you, Jason. And I think about it, every time I'm about to shake a salad, you said don't shake it.


You remember that? You put, like, whenever you put the dressing in a salad, you went, don't shake it. Don't shake it. I think of it every time now. And I, And I go, oh wait, I'm not supposed to shake it. And I go, wait, why? What's Wrong with you? Let it cascade. Why No shake it. No, you gotta, you you gotta shake it to get it. Even. You gotta, I'm a pretty vigorous shaker now. Oh, you are Shaker. Let It cascade. What A t-shirt? Let that dressing, let it see merch. This is what you guys need more quotes like that. Let it cascade. That's a sweater right there. And the Tracy one. That's Right. Yeah. And the Tracy one, which she wears. Talk to Me like I'm Tracy. See you Jordan. K You are a guy who you deserve all the success that you're having now, especially considering how hard you worked and how talented you are. Such a massive fan, dude. Yeah.


Honestly, what a thrill to have you. Yeah. Keep going. This is a dream come true. I mean it. Thanks guys. Tracy Casey, big, big fan. See you in a few months. Go get 'em. Bye guys. Bye. Bye Karen. Bye. Thanks pal. And he's slamming it. They told me to not slam it, but I'm slamming it. Well, who says not? No, no, no. Don't slam it. They said don't slam it because You've a redundant. Are you Redundant? Record doing your record at home? Redundant Record. I am. That's why I gotta do a thing. Wait, do I do a thing now and then I slam. Do your thing and then you can slam A great goodbye. Yeah. I don't know how to do it. What, what do I do? What do I do with the thing? I don't know what I'm So do you, So if you bring your mouse to the bottom, do you see that little sound Icon? No. Yes. No. Yes. Click on that. Yes. And then I hit stop. Hit stop. And then hit save. You gotta, you guys gotta use this as part of the goodbye. Okay. I press stop and then No, I just press stop.


I don't see anything that says safe. We're fucked at the top left. File and save, share save. So embarrassed Saves these. So Embarrassing. Oh my God. This is all in the show. This is such a great goodbye. It's all the show. Yeah. Use it. I'm done. Do I I can slam it now. That's Slam it. Slam It. Love me. Love. Bye. Now. There's a nice young fellow Will. There is a nice young fellow. You're right. What a great guest I've been. That's A good, I've That was a good guest. Good guest. And I've been excited to have him. And like I said, we had a sort of a, we had to reschedule and that was, you know, a whole thing. But I was like, oh God, we were so close to getting him so glad we had him on. He's so, I've always wanted to meet him. He was, the interviews I've seen him do, I used like, God, that's a great guy.


I, I wonder if they just got him on a good day. Right. You know? Right. I hope he is really like that. And he really is. What a guy. Yeah. He really is like that. I wanna work with him. I want to hang with him. Hey Sean. Now as you, as you scan the buy, I wanna See, I wanted to, I wanted to talk to him about, I saw his eye. Well I'm about to watch Home Alone again. 'cause I watch, we watch it every year and he's got a little part. He in home alone, he's Yeah. Yeah. I love That he's in it. Yeah, I bet she's still getting residuals on that. I probably, probably they're, they're not, they're not, they're not thick ones anymore. But no fun to see all that. Actually, you know what, you know what film he was in? He was in the first one, Willie's Speaks and also the second one. Yeah. Which is what Father of the Bride.


Bride. Pretty good. That was pretty good. Smart. Smart. Less


SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart. Less Experiences make life more meaningful. And with MasterCards priceless.com, you can immerse yourself in unforgettable experiences in dining, sports, art, entertainment, and more in over 40 destinations. From a round of golf with a legendary player to a cooking class with a celebrity chef, you can fuel your passions and create lasting memories. Explore experiences today@priceless.com exclusively for MasterCard, cardholders terms and conditions apply.


What's your boldest, truly ambitious life goal? Everyone has one and everyone deserves a way to get there. That's why State Street offers a wide variety of ETFs to give all investors access to the market and the chance to reach their goals. Like with DIA where you get 30 us blue chip stocks in a single trade, wherever you are heading, getting there starts here with State Street. Before investing, consider the funds investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Visit ssga.com for prospectus containing this other information really carefully. DIA is subject to risks similar to those of stocks. All ETS are subject to risk, including possible loss of Principle Alps Distributors Inc. Distributor.