
CBS Thursday, October 17th Academy Award Winner Kathy Bates Stars as Matlock, the new CBS original series that has critics raving about the new must watch drama this fall, she's rejoining the workforce at a prestigious law firm where she uses her unassuming demeanor and Wiley tactics to win cases and hide a secret from everyone around her. The next great CBS mystery continues with new episodes, Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus.


Is your team winning? Yeah. Wait, but it's Sunday. I thought they play Saturday. It's Sunday. Yeah. They play both in it. This Is Liverpool that you're rooting for. Yeah, mate. Yeah. Oh fuck. Did they score a goal yet? Did they score a goal yet? Oh, hang on a second. We're doing a cold open, but we have a special surprise guest in it. Michael's A princess. Do not turn around. Do not turn around. Oh, There's like, oh, you're surrounded by a princess. There's a Princess. Do you wanna say hi? Yeah. Yeah. It's a tiny Terry. Tiny Terry That was a tiny, tiny Terry. And this is an all new Smart SmartLess. SmartLess. Ah, Smart, Smart, smart.


Less Sean. I just did the stupid thing to Sean. But I reminded me before you came on JB. Yeah. The other day. I keep finding new ways to embarrass Alessandra. We're at dinner, just the two of us over there in the Sag Harbor. And, And you forgot to wear your wig. No. And I. No. How can you forget? The glue is so thick and you Keep it by the key bowl. Right? The, Well, the, the glue's thick. The glue lap sea ball. It says six weeks, but let's be honest, after five weeks it starts to crack. You have to reapply. Yeah. Yeah. You're reapply. But I have like a caulking gun. I can get under there Sometimes and just, I could just do a touch up in the Moment. You Know what I mean? Like, if I'm windsurfing, get a good Cock.


Get a good caulk in there. Yeah. Yeah. Get some, but Right, right. As the right, as the, as our server came to the table, I just go, I go look up the server. I go one second. I go, oh, sorry. So, to answer your question, it's, guess who's back backing it? Shadys back. Tell a friend as if Udder had asked me the lyrics. So that m and m song. And then I go, sorry. Yeah, we're ready to order. Did the, did the waiter have any idea the show? No. No idea. Did it? It Would've lost on me. You Know, waiters don't, first of all, they're not there. They're not there for entertainment. They're not, they're not psyched. They don't wanna laugh at your stupid shit. Shit. Yeah. Yeah. They, but you go, how have you ever been? You know, like, But you know, like a waiter goes like, Hey, we're all out of the, the salmon.


You go, all right, we're outta here. The waiter's like, Hey, fucko. I've heard that a million times. Yeah. A million times. I just wanna take it fucking, but you know, I've, but I've said it a bunch before, so apologies. But I, I, I have always kind of, I love the idea of being a waiter, just for the performative element of it, where you have different e each table's a different stage. Yeah. And you different audience. And you gotta figure out who they need you to be in order to get the biggest tip. Well, let's hope that would've been my game. Hope. Let's hope this your new limited series hits. 'cause if it doesn't, you might get a, you might get a chance to try it out. You know What I mean? Wait a minute. Speaking of, Yeah. Black Rabbit. Oh. Did the nicest thing last night. He came over last night with Scotty and took a look at the first two episodes.


'cause we're not locked yet. I need eyes on it. I need a, I need opinions. And you're gonna shut your mouth for one second, because Will, have you seen the two episodes? The first two Episodes? No. Well, no. I'm not there with you. No. I just, I didn't know, like, if you could send it to him, it, it's so fucking great. Yeah. It's Whatcha gonna say? So Good. You're not gonna say, of course you're gonna say he He doesn't need to go out. I don't need to. Was like, oh, it's really good. Anyway. Well, that's kind. It's so good. And Jay, that character's unlike anything I've ever seen you play before. It's so surprising and exciting and so It's likable. Yeah. No, but, and, and, and it's gonna be one of those series everybody talks about. It's Of course it is. You're completely sucked in right away.


Who's that? Why is that guy? You're, you start asking your que questions as an audience member and you know, they're gonna get answered in the few episodes that follow. But it's So exciting when you didn't run after the first episode, I knew, I knew I was in good shape. 'cause you do like to be in bed five 30, JB must feel good. And you've got, you've got the, you gotta get a bunch of demographic. You know, you got the moron demographic now covered there in I was really pressing him and Scotty, I was like, you guys sure. You understood everything. Like he asked Me that after he asked me that after. Are you sure you understood everything? I bet it's gonna, I bet it's gonna be great. I have no doubt. And JB, I'm gonna say this too, while you're, while we're in this vein, I was thinking about the breadth of stuff that you've done. I was thinking about the last couple years I was thinking about a movie that I love.


I that doesn't get enough attention. Which Air Budd Two. No, no, no, no. Game Night. Game Night. Game Night I think is so great. So one of the funniest movies Ever. So funny. So good. And then you do like Identity Thief, then you do Ozark. You've done so many different things. Yeah. And hats off to you. You don't get enough credit. You do a lot of great shit. So, congrats. Thank you. And I'm excited for Black Rabbit and you, and, and the reason I bring it up is 'cause you've been working so fucking hard. I know how exhausted you are, but you've been fucking Yeah. Doing it. And it's months Very inspiring. Months and months. Yeah. No, I really appreciate that listener. I apologize for all of this. No, no. This Is, We're gonna pay it back in space. Having said that, I know I should go on A couple thoughts.


Keep your email open, Jay. I got some Thought. my God, I I I was, I was sort of not to, you know, throw back the wind up the bum. But, you know, I was thinking for some reason this morning Oh, I know why, because our next guest is, is is a fancy Pants in the Tony world that Sean. You wanna fucking Tony? Okay. No, no, No. But I mean, that's, that's like We did spend a little time on that. But it does keep coming back to me. That's not something they hand out. Yeah. You know, it's a, Tony is a real deal. Believe me. It's, it's not lost on me. Like How it's like that's a whole different community that I, I just, I'm very, very proud.


Proud. You Both will do it. You both will do it. And you'll both be nominated and you'll both win. Yeah. I doubt it. But we, we need Try. No, it pretty, it is, it is pretty amazing. I, I was And I was even about to do handout to Tony and Sean in Handy from a Tony. But I didn it. I'm like, fuck it, I'm not gonna do that. 'cause I, I respect you too much. And. I. Love you too much. And. I'm not gonna make a stupid joke and try to connect. It's too easy. It's too easy and it's too thin. You know? What else can we talk about while our listener or listener and guest? I got a couple things, but we should probably, should, should probably Get to it. Sean, go off the list. Open up the list. No, I was just gonna say on the way home, I told Will, will you And I were driving home from a friend's house.


We visited in the Hills a couple months ago. Yeah. And And I told Will this story. But Jay, I haven't told you. So when you go past Graystone mansion Yeah. And there's a runaway ramp there. Yeah. Right? Yeah. For trucks. We did a lot of gravel one. You heard This show, Dave? Have you Heard this? No. Oh no. So like several years ago, I was like, Oh, let's try that. Yes I did. Come on. I swear to God I tried it. You And I. Because I was like, why? What would it, what would it feel like? Because I wanna know what it felt like. Well, I didn't know it was, I thought it was just like an inch of gravel. It was just to stop a truck. But it's like 80 feet of gravel. So when I drove up to stop A truck. Yeah. Yeah. It's supposed to completely absorb you like quick sand. I Drove up it. And I. I god damnit. You're I know.


And I started singing. I was like, holy shit. I got so scared. I peeled it out. I kicked some gravel up. And I. Thank God I got outta there. You got out? Yeah. What, what car were you in? Your Audi That was before that Oh. my God. You're so lucky you weren't the dumb ass next to a calling a tow truck. Like Quicksand, Just like with your, with your hands up. Like had to try it. Sorry. I know. I would've loved to have seen that. To open up the Daily Mail and see pictures of you next to the tow truck and just explaining to the cop. And then you have to pay. Because I wonder to try they to come over, You know. Alright, here we come. Guest. Wake it up. Listener. Pull the car over. Our next guest is one of my favorite people in the world.


Period. Wow. There are some people that you meet. Have a connection. You become friends. The connection grows, carries through many years, many stages of your life and theirs. These people become your family. There aren't many in our lives. So when you have one, you smile and bounce a little every moment you spend with them. And if you're lucky enough to work with one of these people, you end up doing a lot of smiling. So between you guys and her, my cheeks are killing me. Uhoh, she's one of our finest actors and accomplished producer. A rising director, an incredible mother, wife and daughter. She's the recipient of three Academy Award nominations. Five Tony's. Wow. Nine Sags won one of those a bafta. Eight Golden Globes won two of those. And seven Emmy nominations. One four of those. She also has a doctorate from Brown and Julliard.


Guys, please welcome my fake wife, but true Bestie Laura. Linney Oh. My God Oh my God. And a dead dog in the background. And the dog in the background. Hi guys. Hi. This is a long time coming. Is it Ever? Yes. And you had to suffer through all that bullshit. We were going, we were talking. Sorry About that. I know. And I Thought I had to earn my place. Yeah. I thought that maybe you and Jason were in a fight. It's been so long. I thought what happened. She's tough to schedule. You know, she's busy and her deal. The, it is a tough deal. Sure. Well, I'm, I'm thrilled to be here. It is great to see all of you. You too. I mean, when he was going through all of those noms like nine, I mean, I know it's accomplished academy.


I mean, it's unbelievable. People like her. It's Bonkers. Yeah. It's unbelievable. She's, she doesn't suck. Laura, I'm gonna say this. Would you ever think about wearing, getting a t-shirt made that had listed all your nominations just Front and back That just says, ask me about the Seven Academy Awards. The Baptist, You know, the, the thing about it's that every once in a while, I mean, I don't know if you guys are like this, but I have to stop. And every once in a while it'll hit me and I'll have to remind myself. 'cause you never feel like that's happened, right? I mean, you never, you know, and I've been doing that nominated a lot doing, and I'm, I don't win all that much, but I'm nominated a lot. And, but every once in a while I'll be walking down the street and it will hit me. I'll be like, Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God.


Like Sean, like Tony Winter, right. Tony Winter. That it's amazing. Congratulations. I know. In a soft year. But, but, but, but Lori, I, Laura I think the thing that that keeps us all sort of grounded is, is I, and, and I'm looking at, again, pointing out that your dog is asleep in the, in the background of your shot. No matter what. You do know how, how many nomination, no matter how accomplished somebody is, they're always likely in a room where there's a dog that's asleep and doesn't give a shit. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And the, you know, the sock drawer's a mess and you know Yeah. There's stuff that hasn't been taken care of and I'm behind on everything and Yeah. You know, I have family members who are peeved at me 'cause they haven't heard from me in so long.


And so there's, there's all of that stuff. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. But then there is, you know, the wild moment where you were like, oh, Oh, my God. I cannot believe whose life I be. My life has led me here. I cannot believe I've been able to do everything I've been able to do. Yes. And that, that you cho the thing that you chose to do with your life actually paid off in Space. Oh. my God. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it come on crazy. What about what about what a great writer you are too. I'll bet you've got some spin now. You've won plenty of things, but you've been nominated a shit ton too. So I'll bet there's some speeches. Now do you keep 'em in a drawer? Do you remember them? Great question. 'cause I want to have like a, a a coffee table book once of all the unused speeches and whether it would be anonymous or not.


Great idea. But wouldn't that be great? Yes. Well, The thing that I found is that you sort of, you have a sense if you're in the running to win, and then there are times where you know, like, I'm not winning. There's No Way, I'm gonna win. Right. So in some ways that's the, that's the nicest. 'cause then you go and you get to have a good time and you're nominated, but you know you're not gonna win. So you don't have to worry about nothing prepared. I'm gonna for nothing prepared because I know Oh, my God. It sounds scary. Then there are the times when, you know, you're in the running for things. Yeah. And you do have to prepare. So I, I I must admit I do, I do have a few, But, but, but Well, Laura, but would it be interesting to go back and look at some of those, some of those unused acceptance speeches and go like, oh, I was gonna think that person. I wouldn't, not today.


Not today. Not today. I wouldn't. It's like going over your will. It's Shit. You're out of the will. The winds have changed. So all of which is to say, as I did say, you don't suck. You are great at what you do. And it started a long time ago. Tell us about, like, remember like the first thing you saw or were exposed to that made you think, oh, I think I'd like to see if I could maybe do that. Mm. Was it, was it a show? Was it a movie? Was it a play? It was the original production of Vanities. That was downtown at St. Clements Theater. How old were you in the church? I was, well my father was a playwright, so I grew up around the theater.


So I always knew I wanted to be a part of it in some way. Yeah. I really didn't think I'd be an actress. I really, it took me a long time to sort of get there, but I went and saw this play and Kathy Bates was in it. Oh wow. Yeah. Wow. It's a three person play. You know, it's not the greatest work of, you know, dramatic literature ever written. But there was something about it and being in that space and watching those three women be so wonderful. And I, remember leaving, I was like, oh, I'm, I'm different. Something has changed. Yeah. So, and it's the power of really good work. We would, you know, it's teenager. Oh no, I was younger. Definitely younger. Yeah. Yeah. I think I was 11 or 12 probably. Wow. Yeah. Wow.


That's, that's really cool. Alright, so then from there, do you say to your dad, Hey, what do you think the best first steps might be for me to, to go in this direction? Or how did, how did That start? What happened was my father was an apprentice at a, at a theater in New London, New Hampshire called the, the Barn Playhouse. Yeah. The new London Barn Playhouse. And I used to spend the summers with my dad. My parents split when I was very young. So I would spend, you know, time with my dad during the summers. And I begged him to let me go work there, begged him. So I went And I was a technical apprentice. Nice. And I broke every child labor law known to men.


I was there building sets 14. Oh yeah. You know, making a mess and doing all sorts of stuff and, and being way too young to be doing what I was doing. But it was sleeping Drunk in the dressing rooms. Ab like, seeing everybody hook up and break up. And You're refereeing a lot of hookups. Yeah, Yeah. Absolutely. But then what about the first time you got on stage and, and, and, and like risked, you know, look at me. Let's see if I got it. Yeah. It was a production of, it was a Christmas show at school. How? Wait, which school? How Old? I, I was, I don't, I was really young. It was middle school and it was the same year that Ms. Magazine came out. Ah. So We did, Oh, That was 1981.


Sorry. That's Right. That's right. We did a We did a feminist turn. We did a feminist turn on Santa Claus, where Santa got a cold and Mrs. Claus had to take over. So I was That was that, Oh, nice. I remember the first, one of the first things I ever saw that made me go, wow. I was like 12 years old. And, I saw a chorus line, And. I always thought how different, how different my life would be if I'd only seen it sooner. Like at 5, 6, 7, 8. Yeah. Anyway, go ahead. Sorry. 6, 7, 8. Is that what Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So then, all right, now we get, we get, we, we, we, you start, you start going, you start building up some momentum, and then you end up, you end up at now does B does Brown really kind of formalize your, your your your leap into this, into this world?


Or, or was it a Julliard? I, well, I think probably at Brown I was more sort of an academic theater nerd. Yeah. Yeah. So I studied theater history and all that sort of fun stuff. And, and then, and then Julliard was where it got serious. Yeah. And, and the first sort of job that exposed you to the world would be, I was the understudy in a production of Six Degrees of Separation, which was right across the street at Lincoln Center. Oh wow. And I was actually at that theater yesterday watching Holland Taylor in Na. Oh, wow. So it was, it was fun. Every time I go in that, that space, it's, you know, it's professionally where, where I started.


So. Wow. Wow. That's crazy. Crazy. I was the happiest. I was the happiest understudy around. There were, there was this room of understudies who were like, hello. Yeah. Hey kid, how you doing? They've been understudies for years. And I would bounce in happy as can be. And I would sit in the catwalk and watch the show That's up top that's over overlooking. Yeah. Yeah. Where the lights are. Yeah. And I would sneak up there and watch just to watch Stalker Channing get better and better and better and better and better. Oh my God. And there was one night, I remember Catherine Hepburn came to see the show. Yeah. And I was in the catwalk watching Katherine Hepburn watch Stalker Channing. Wow. And you're by yourself or you with somebody else? Yes. Hi buddy int the catwalk.


I think they have a, got it. That's right. Wait, Laura, I've never heard that before. Yeah. That you, you're up by yourself. Oh Yeah. In the catwalk, up on the catwalk at Lincoln Center At what? A teenager Young? No, no, no. This was after Julliard. So I was early mid twenties. Yeah. Oh, my God. And because I had done stock and was a technical apprentice, I knew how to get up into the catwalk. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And you got a little snack with you? A little, no, you just sit, you're up there just like enjoying. You just watch My God. Yes. I, in high school, I used to hang out up there and just isn't no fun. But when there's no show, we would just go up there and like, oh yeah. Cliff Sean did have a snack with him. Right. What was his at all? Sean Probably probably Swedish Fish. But, But Lori, like, it occurs to me that you're, you were so like, that you had no choice but to do this life that you chose or it chose you a little bit.


Yeah. Because it was at such a young age and it was just, That was your life. You were around, you were in summer stock, you were the thing, your dad, you know, it, it was, thank It worked out. It was all Around you. You wouldn't know. Thank God it worked out. And thank God I love it as much as I do. Yeah. You know? Do you still, do you still love it as much as I love it. Yeah. I Love it. You do more now or, or less? Oh, I, I think, I think more, yeah. Because the, the longer I'm in it, the, like a new set of problems sort of unlock themselves. It's like I've earned the right to a new set of problems. Right. And so it just keeps going. And, and Talk about the eight shows a week thing. You still enjoy that? Yeah. I, I do.


It is, but how insane is that? No one has any idea what that Is the most difficult job in the world. Unbelievable. Yeah. And that type of fatigue is a very specific fatigue. Well, the Plus in the one woman shows you've been doing too. Like, that's, yeah. That was insane. Massive, insane. That was bonkers. Why did that? Nowhere, nowhere to hide in a one woman show, right? It Was, yeah. I know And I did it three times. I don't, you know, I Mean, I did it, I did it once in London. This was a show called, my name is Lucy Barton. And then I did it again in London to see if it would get easier because my first run wasn't that long. I was like, well, if it comes to New York, will it get easier? And what I learned is, no, it does not get easier. No, it doesn't, it does not get Easier. If anything, it gets harder. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


So, so you get all this incredible training at Julliard and then you come out into, let's say, showbiz. What, what, what, what, what were the biggest challenges coming out of that and into this? Into a professional situation, you mean? Yeah, Several. Yeah. That's, that's less sort of theoretical pro protected in sort of this, you know, theater world and, and, and, and, and technique and study. Right. And culture and, and, and, and entering more of, of sort of a business. Yeah. Well, you have to learn how to translate what you've learned into an appropriate setting. You mean, you mean camera versus stage?


Well, there's that, but then also just on stage. I mean, there's like, going to school is very different than being in the profession. And going to school is a, there's a certain type of concentration and there's a certain ability to get things done. And, and you have to learn how to translate that. So you're still doing what you're doing, but that it's appropriate for the situation that you're in. Right. No one wants to hear about your process when they're working. Right. Right. No one wants to hear about it. Actually. Will you gotta Zip it. You have to deliver. Will loves that. Actually, you gotta, I remember because I did it with him on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. We just, I know We did, We did a lot of process on We. did We Did a lot of processing there with a lot of, you know, decisions, Choices. How would a turtle walk? That's Right. Yeah. I think that turtle's going too fast, realistically.


But what about, what about, how about like, going away from the, the sort of going into much more of a world of now I gotta make a living doing this. Yeah. And how, how do those two things reconcile? You know, you just sort of throw yourself in it and you just hope to God it's gonna be okay. Right. You know, and you wait tables. Yeah. And you just sort of keep at it and, and you realize That's what Jason wants to do. Right? That's right. That's Right. I wouldn't be bad. I don't think I'd be, were you any good as a waiter? You wouldn't be good at it because you'd have to touch things. You'd have to touch people's food and that would not go terribly well for you. I don't, I mean, Trust people who know you. You'd be awful at it. I could deliver the food. I don't think I could clean up afterwards. You know, like when they take the utensils and they gather them in the middle of the plate?


Would No, you'd have to touch them. You'd have to do That. No, I'd be so gloved up. Yeah. No, I don't think so. We'll be right back.


As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure that content they're seeing on TikTok is safe. tiktoks family pairing tool lets parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe and age appropriate. Parrots can restrict access to search, enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate, and choose words or hashtags to filter from their teens feeds. Learn about family pairing for teens at tiktok.com/guardians Guide.


CBS Thursday, October 17th Academy Award. Winner Kathy Bates Stars as Matlock, the new CBS original series that has critics raving about the new must watch drama this fall. She's rejoining the workforce at a prestigious law firm where she uses her unassuming demeanor and wily tactics to win cases and hide a secret from everyone around her. The next great CBS mystery continues with new episodes Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount. Plus,


We spend a lot of our lives at work. It's time to find ways to enjoy it. Canva makes work more visual, more productive. And dare we say it more fun With Canva, you can design captivating presentations, docs, whiteboards, and videos while your audience and achieve your goals. Whatever department you work in, Canva makes you and your work look good. No design experience needed. You'll love what you can easily design with Canva. And so will everyone else love your work@canva.com.


Alright, back to the show. I Have to ask you, Laura, I'm gonna wait till the end, but I'm gonna ask you now Any great theater stories. Yes. Not just, oh God. Well, not just that IG Elliot, but like something Don't you, you must have like a classic something that went horribly wrong. Oh Lord. There, there's, you can Come back to a Bunch. Yeah, we can come back to it. 'cause he, he doesn't, he wants a good one. I love Them. They're the funniest stories. They are the funniest stories Because so much funny. Should we Have somebody, somebody sources, did somebody have a heart attack while they were doing a show once? Yeah. Who was that one of our guest. Who was that? No, they didn't. That was somebody got TheAudience. They did audience, but somebody in the audience did. Yeah. And they had, Yeah.


It's usually the good stories usually happen when you're in a show that's really bad. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, really bad. Yeah. Of which I've been in several and it's so painful. And you really think you're gonna rip the skin off your body just to get, just to get out of the embarrassment and the humiliation of it. Yeah. What about Laura? What about, is there, is there any show that you did that you And I and by the show, I mean, you know, any kind of a, a stage show that you did where, and not to make anybody feel bad, but that you thought this is gonna be the thing and it just didn't click with audiences. No, you sort of know. Yeah. You kind of know. If it's really bad, you kind of know, you know, it's the ones where you think like, oh, this is right on the edge.


I don't know. I don't think this is terrible. I think it's pretty good. I don't know how good it is. You never know how good it is. Yeah. Right. But you know how bad it is That That's something then conver Yeah, sure. That's something you can't run away from. That makes sense Then. Then conversely, was there ever, what was the thing that you thought people will like this, but you were surprised at how well it resonated with people? I think, well, I did a production of The Crucible a long time ago with, with Liam Neeson and that, that Arthur Miller was actually involved in. Wow. And before I accepted the job, I, you know, I was offered goodie Proctor And I thought, oh, for fuck's sake, who wants to do The Crucible? Oh God. You know, ye buckle shoes and Ye Oldie speak.


Oh, for God's sake. And I called my dad. And I was like, I've been offered goody proctor And I don't know. I don't know if I'm, he was like, oh no. He was like, you do that, you must do that. He's like, it is a great play. And it's only because we've all seen nine hour high school productions of that play that it's sort of, you know, it's badly represented. Not that it shouldn't be done there. It should, but, you know, you don't realize how great that play is. And I had no idea what a masterpiece that thing was. Yeah. A masterpiece. So good. Yeah. And then you had, you had incredible audiences for that, I'm sure. And that, and that, that sort of, was that a bit of, of rocket fuel in, in your career as far as things that followed that?


I mean, can, can you, can you identify a particular job or moment where it felt different to you? Like, oh, the next few years might be a little bit easier than the last few? No, I've never been someone who feels a big boost from any one job. I really haven't. Wow. I think it's been very subtle and consistent. And I'll take that. Thank you very, I mean, that's fine by me. Just from me. Just as, as a, as an audience member, I would say you hit my radar significantly three separate times early on with Mystic River, squid in the Whale, and you can count on me. Yes. Like those, those were big, big moves for me.


Just as a, just as a fan. It's funny 'cause different people have different things. Yeah. You know, some people, there's the love actually crowd. There's Yeah. That's the indie movie crowd. There's the Clint Eastwood crowd. There's, you know, it's, there's the theater people. So it's, it's sort of, it's always interesting the John Adams people. Yeah. I mean, you conquered it all. I didn really Hardly, but that's No, but when you hear those credits, you go like, holy shit. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And they're so varied. I mean, we were talking about with JB a little bit before, and actually Sean too, if you think about it, youse, you've done, you've won a Tony. I mean, these are, oh, I Have not won a Tony. Oh no, I, No, but Sean won. Sean won the Tony Sean Sean did.


No, no. Without question. He wanted Tony. Well, we should all have one. Yeah. Yeah. In in what, what was a, you know, a very quiet, quite you, but do you, but you did so many things that were like, that worked on so many different levels. I mean, think about Ozark or you can count on me, which I love. I mean, we love Kenny Lonnergan. Yeah. Was that your first nom? Was that your first Oscar nom? You can count on me. Yes. Yes, it was, I remember that. I remember singing at home. I'm like, I was so blown away. Of course. Everything before that. But that movie really had an impact on me. On you especially. I was just, that's when I first was like, Oh my God, I gotta find out more about this person. And I just thought, You know, there was this, they did a 25 year like fundraiser thing. And I, And I had, I don't like to watch myself.


So as Jason knows, I know, I just don't get it. Like, why would you treat yourself to it? Oh, Please. So I went and saw the, I I went and watched it for the first time in 25 years. And I think I've made, maybe only seen it once. And it was so wild. And Jason, I don't know if you feel this way when you look at stuff from a long time ago, but I saw how much you do different, I saw things in myself. Well, I saw things in myself that don't exist anymore. Yeah. There are parts of me that are just from another time because of age or where I was or the relationship I was in. Yeah. Or parents and dynamics and Yeah. And all of that's gone. And then I could also see the things that, that I recognize, you know, that is still there.


So it was a wild thing to Yeah. Their time capsules kind of, of that moment in Your life. We had Ruffalo on and he, he talked real, he talked really lovingly about sort of, he got the role on, you can count on me and his collaboration with, with Kenneth Ren. Did it all, still does it, does it all still sit fondly for you? Was That was that as great as experience as it seemed like it was. It was A very tough shoot. You know, they had like 2 cents. So we were sitting outside and then we had to clean out a finally, I was like, guys, we need a place to sit. Like, I can't sit outside. I can't change outside. Like, I need a place. And so, and behind the house where we were filming, there was a chicken coop, but literally the chickens had left like two days prior.


I mean, it was like, you know, chicken shit was like hanging in the cobwebs. And I was like perfect. So I went and we cleaned it up and we all sat in the chicken coop. Oh, that's great. You know, so it was, it was very rough and tumble. But, you know, it, it bonded us all for life. I mean, mark is literally like my brother. Yeah, yeah. And you know, Kenny And, I are still close. And you know, all of us are sort of, you know, bonded. And that's the thing about what we get to do, you know, the connections that you make. Yeah. Jason, Bateman, you know, are deep and meaningful and, and very, very, you know, significant in your life. Yeah. That's what it's about. Yeah. And you do develop chosen family along the way.


And it's really, it's a, it's one of the greatest things you Do. You end up spending more time with people on set than you do your, your family at home when, when you're working on something, sometimes it's 12 hours. Yeah, for sure. What else I'd love is Truman show. Let's not forget about Truman Show Oh my God. I know Truman show. You. See, there you go. It just keeps going. There's another one. I know. It goes, it is on and on. But I like this idea, Lori, that you brought up about this, about like, it being sort of a different life and a different, different parts of you that kind of go away. I was talking about this recently with somebody, and it's an interesting thing as you get older when you start to recognize that Oh yeah. When you, when you literally have a history. Yeah. Like you have a history, you have different periods of your life that you've been through. Not just one, not two, but many.


And it, it's Wild. Yes. To think. Yes. And you know, last night, Scott And I went down a YouTube rabbit hole of opening, opening songs to old shows from the seventies and eighties and nineties. Oh God. How fabulous. And We did silver Spoons. We looked up all your TV Magic to Yeah. Yeah. All those Dukes of Hazard, like Facts of life, Dallas, all that. God I Your life, I'd really love to come back as you Sean. I mean, this is how we film nights we go over. But I was watching these openings of these shows and it took me right back to being a kid like you. Oh yeah. Something clicks in your brain managed, whether you Yeah. Born of Your Jones. Yes. All those. And And I didn't, I didn't re like the second I saw them, I actually had the feeling of a moment, like you said, of a stage in my life, which you don't sit around, think about until something triggers it.


No. You know. Alright. So now you, you, you, you've got, you know, I, I lo will you, will you tell these, these, these ding dongs about this, this great super romantic story of you and Mark meeting each other in, in one of the most magical places in the world? Oh yeah. And I. Just, she's got two incredible dudes in her life. Her son and her husband. Alright, you go. You go ahead. So, so there you are. Okay. So he, I I am I've been very, very single for five years or so, and I'm invited to the Telluride Film Festival where I, there are two films screening there, And, I think, oh, you know what, I've never taken my mother anywhere.


I should take my mother to this, this will be good. I'm just gonna fly in, fly out. Terrific. So I bring my mother the greatest We go. And, you know, a sometimes you're paired with a, a, you know, a, a liaison who's a little, you know, eccentric. Yeah. Sometimes those people can be a little, little, you know, out there. Sure. And Mark sort of bounded up to us and said, hi, I'm Mark Showerer, I'll be taking care of you for the weekend. And And I was like, oh, okay. Like a nice, a nice person. Okay. Oh, this guy. And we spent the weekend together, And I can remember. We were waiting to go to a screening and we were waiting for Bill Kand and my director to come downstairs and join us so that we could leave And I. Remember I turned my head, And I looked at Mark And.


I was like, am I attracted to this person? Am I, Am I attracted to my handler at the Telluride Film Festival? I was like, I was like, calm down. Like how wonderful I was feeling anything at all. I was like, you're He got the title, he's got the title of handler. That's right. Right. That's right. You know? Yeah. And I thought, you know, I'm gonna be gone in 24 hours. Just be happy you're still alive and get out, get out the pass. And you know, my mother was, my mother was with me. So there wasn't a whole lot. No. Were you collaborating with her on this? Did you, did you ask her what her, what her, what her take was? Oh, no, no, no. My, no. My mother on the way to the airport, she was, well, mark, are you involved with anyone?


And I? At which point I wanted to fall into the center of the Earth, No Way No Way Center of the Earth. And he was like, no, actually I've, I've been single for a bit. She was, oh, how interesting. So we subtle, I left and we ended up, mark And I ended up just emailing each other. I just, thank you And I had a great time and blah, blah. And we emails sort of started to fly. And then he started to get a little nervous. He was like, I don't understand what's going on. And I. I immediately called. I said, look, I don't know what this is. I have no idea what this is. I don't know if we're friends. I don't know if it's more, the only thing I know is I don't wanna let it go. So I don't know what to tell you. And he goes, well, when can we spend some time together?


And I said, well, I said, I'm, I'm on a tour, a press tour when they used to do that. And he goes, well, where are you gonna be? I said, I was gonna be in Seattle. And. I was gonna be, I'm gonna be in Chicago. He's like, I'm from Chicago. When are you in Chicago? Oh boy. And I was, well this date. He goes, I'll meet you in Chicago. Wow. At which point I got very nervous. Sure. Yeah. And very scared and tried to get out of it several times. Of course, And I can remember going down the elevator in Chicago to meet him in the lobby. Just terrified. Like, what am I doing? What in the world am I doing having a date? Jesus God, someone, I don't what is happening. So At this point, you hadn't been on a date in, in quite some time. Yeah.


No. No. Is That, so when you say you're scared, is that what you mean? You're like scared. Like, I don't know how to do the date. I just, I didn't know if you, I didn't know this guy. Is he a serial killer? Like, what am I doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know anything about this guy. He's just flown across the country to Oh. my God Was That was that weird or was it flatter happening? What is happening? And Where did, where did, did he live in tell you right at that time? Yes. He drove, he had to, he drove a friend's car, which he had to drop off anyway. He was doing a favor for a friend and he just made it work. So Full of body. Can't get rid of bodies. You put them in car, his swamp. I know how to get rid Of a bottle. And I got out of the elevator. And I turned And. I saw him there. And like, every fear evaporated. Oh, And. I was like, oh, this is gonna be fine.


Yeah. Oh, this is gonna be okay. And that That was, Isn't that amazing how you can It was amazing. Read that in people's faces. Yeah. It was really, yeah, like there's just a chemical sort Of, it's a vibe there. Yeah. Yeah. Like you just, you're like, oh, oh, okay. This was how many years ago? Oh? my God? 18, 20, 2004. So almost 20 years ago. Yeah. Wow. And Ben and how old is Bennett now? He's 10. Your son? 10. He's 10. Oh. my God. Isn't that wild? That's how cool. I know. So everybody go to film festivals. That's all I can say. That's where Go Telluride is a magic place. It is just go, go, go, go, Go. That's a great, you know what, that's a really nice story. Yeah. You didn't have to do any swiping.


Nothing like that. Although your swiping is very, is very nice nowadays. I hear it's, I hear it's easy. I can imagine. Now Bennett showing any interest in, in, in doing what you do at all? No, absolutely not. No. And refuses to watch anything I've ever done. Yeah. I mean, I'm made My my kids the same way I made teenage mutant Ninja Turtles. Specifically him, him. Right. Because anything else would emotionally damage him and scar him for life. Did he see it? No. Won't see it. Refuses. Won't See it. What Refuses Does he explain what his, what his problem is? Because My kids do. They're just like, it's just weird. You know? I think it's that. And they don't like when something bad happens to me. Like, oh, they can't deal with like, any sort of pain or even any sort of like challenge, like running from someone or something like that.


Yeah. A black rabbit man matter with you. Yeah. I'm not gonna like that. Oh, And. I agree with you. Sean. I've seen the pilot. Amazing. And I. I, she's done more than that. I knew it was gonna be No, listen, I knew it was gonna be good, but I, I had, I was floored by how great it was. And the thing that's Tell tell us why. Well, Well, Laura, Laura, well, hold on, Hold on, hold on. I'm not done. I'm not done. The the thing that is amazing when you have a relationship with someone who you've worked with for a long period of time and you watch them grow. Yeah. And to see Jason turn into this unbelievable director. I know. I mean, always great. But this is a whole other level.


And I've, I've said this to him. I mean, it is, it was absolutely. IIII was, I was undone when I saw it. Yeah. So proud Speaking. I agree. And, I agree. And, I wanna say this too. It, I, I agree with you and we mentioned it before. I don't wanna embarrass you, JB, but it's also very confusing to watch somebody, your friend, somebody you love Yeah. Grow while simultaneously they're shrinking. Yes. That has been Total atrophy. Yeah. Yes. That, Well, I'm playing a drug real, you know, I saw, I saw JB at the pool at his house two days ago. And I came over two days in a row. How'd you see him? And he, he was at, I drove Over there.


The light must have been hitting him directly. Now you now speaking of directing, Laura came, came in Heroically Yes. And agreed to direct episode three and episode four of Black Rabbit. She just finished Laura. And she crushed this so hard. Not, she was, Look, well, we haven't seen it yet. We don't, No, I, no, I was, I was there for every single day. And I've seen the dailies, I've seen the stills, et cetera, et cetera. But, you know, I knew she was going to be an incredible leader on set as far as just like this culture of friendliness and kindness and support and all that stuff. Like the crew just freaking loved her, as did the cast, I'm sure. But her comfort with all this added responsibility, like is acted not to belittle acting at all, but actors simply are kind of insulated from, you know, like almost three quarters of the process.


Because things need to be decided on and set up and, and, and, and assets need to be put into motion and, and et cetera. Then the actors come in and do their magical thing. She took on all of that, had only done it once before on Ozark directed one of our best episodes ever. Yes. I, I agree. And I, she was, her place is about three blocks from our studio. And I said, Hey, it's, it's real close. It's, it's, it's not terrible stuff. There's a good crew. There's a good cast. We would love to have you. We please consider it. And it would've been so easy for her to say no and Lord, so much free time. She said, let me Ask, let me ask you this.


And you, you don't have to pat yourself on the back, but isn't it a gift to have been an actor and then a director? Without a doubt. And, and also like, but I really, I can't emphasize enough how I would never have done this unless Jason really pushed me to do it, ever. I had no desire to do it. None. Why? I I would a, I didn't wanna be one of those like, you know, idiot directors who you're saddled with who didn't know what they were doing. Right. I didn't wanna be one of those people. You're Looking at JB, why are you looking at him? He's Staring right at me. And then, and also I didn't wanna jeopardize my relationship with Jason. Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's another thing. Yeah. But that, that, that horse left the barn on Ozark who did such an incredible job on that episode.


I know, but still, you, you know, it's, it's, I I'm, I I don't think of myself as a director at all. I think of myself as a, as an actress who's directed a few things now. Yeah. But, you know, I don't know. As I've said to Jason, like, I don't know how to thank him for that. How do you thank someone for giving you a whole other sort of way? Go. You, You do it, you do it all the time. But what about now? Do you, do you see, I'm gonna get you, I've talked to you casually about this now I'm gonna get you on record. What part of your life going forward do you see directing being in, like, what's our ratio going forward? I mean, I, as you, you talked a little bit earlier about how the, the roles, you kind of implied this. So the roles get better and better the older we get because they're more complicated, they're more nuanced.


You, you're drawing on more from yourself. So acting I'm sure won't slow down, but there is time to do the directing as well. Did you, did you get enough of a challenge and satisfaction from it to make it a bigger part of your life? You know, I think I will go with it the way I have gone with the other stuff, which is if it comes my way or if there's something I find, or if there's something I wanna do, then I'll do it. But will you tell your people to look? I think they will look. Okay. Alright. I think they're gonna look good. What has it, what has it done for you as an actor? How has directing this much now changed? Has it changed? Oh, not a lot changed the way, but Yeah. But No, but do you think it's gonna change the way that you approach, that you approach the work now that you approach material?


Not to get into process, but just like when you, when you're reading material, do you look at it through a different set of eyes? A little bit. I, you know, I'll have to see because the, the, the Ozark, which I did was such a, a, a sort of a blip and sort of, I was, my head was spinning the whole time and yeah. You know, I just didn't know what had happened. And then this one was so intense in the best way. Yes. And so all the consuming, literally we, we, we finished on Thursday. I just got out of bed this morning. Yeah. I mean, it, it took me like three days to, you know, really the fatigue. It's a whole other level of fatigue. Yeah. Like how wiped out her dog still is. Exactly. You know, so, you know, so I'll be really curious to see what it does.


Hopefully it will make me a better actress. I mean, that's the, that's, that's that hope. Did it take more out of you than doing a one, a one woman show eight shows a week? Absolutely. Are you kidding? Absolutely. Really. I didn didn't really, didn't have to deal with any people. didn didn't have to deal with anybody. It was just me. I only had to deal with my own horrible stuff, but I didn't have to deal with, you know, 200 people And, and 4,000 questions. Yeah. Did you, do you have, you don't have to reveal any names, anything. I mean, what's the thing that you find difficult in any working relationship? Something that gets you, that you won't, first of all, that you won't stand for or second that really kind of rubs you the wrong way and you look out for to avoid? Yeah. I, I think it's always hard when people have a preconceived notion of what something is supposed to be.


And then you come and you see something very different or you see something way beyond that. And it's, and that is always a, a, a painful negotiation for everybody. And I understand from the other point of view, like why that would be hard. I, I totally, totally get it. And we were very lucky on this one, you know, how amazing all these writers were and, and all of that stuff. But I've seen that from the acting standpoint as well. I've really seen it more as an actress. Like people don't see what I, I can just see things very clearly sometimes and it's, I, I I turn to these people and go, but you wrote this. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just doing what you wrote. Like, whether you are aware of it or not, you wrote this.


Yeah. Right. You know, So. Right, right, right. We'll be right back.


As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure the content they're seeing on TikTok is safe. tiktoks family pairing tool lets parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe and age appropriate. Parents can restrict access to search, enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate, and choose words or hashtags to filter from their teens feeds. Learn about family pairing for teens at tiktok.com/guardians guide.


There's a lot to say when buying a new home or car, but only one thing to say that can help you protect them Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. And just like that, a State Farm agent will be there to help you choose the coverage you need no matter where you are in life. When you need coverage options, your State Farm agent is there to help on the phone or in person like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Paramount Plus is the exclusive streaming home of the PHA Champions League. Where the best of the best in European Club Soccer face off for Ultimate Glory. The PHA Champions League is the biggest annual club soccer competition. And this season it's bigger, better, and all in one place. On Paramount plus stream. Every Uafa Champions League match live exclusively on Paramount. Plus try it free@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


And now back to the show. Now you, you've been Jason's onscreen wife for many years. You were? Yes. Lucky me. Lucky you. Yeah. What, what is it, what, what's something about Jason Bateman that people might not know That you'd like to divorce him about? Yeah. No. If We were gonna, we have could divorce, what would, what is what, What is something that Jason Doug does that's kind of unique that you've noticed about him? Like a quirk. Here's, here's one thing. I think why our friendship is so, you know, fulfilling for me at least, and, and why working so good is that we work completely d differently.


Sure. I mean, we come from totally different cultures. Completely different. Yeah. And it's a, I love watching him work. Yeah. It's just kind of amazing. And it can only, that sort of work can only happen. And now I believe as well, the directing is, is benefiting from this as well, from someone who's been doing it as long as Jason's been doing it, I mean, it's in his bones in a way that it will never be with most people. He's just you know, had the time with it and, and Well, he is only got bones left now. You know. It's true. He needs, he needs several cheeseburgers. I Know. Walking Back. No, it's really, it's quite Something. But this is probably what would lead to our divorce. It's too, it's too much work. It's a workaholic. It's Amanda And. I talk about it all the time. Although she, she doesn't, she doesn't tell me not to, but she's just like, she's asking me this morning too.


We were talking about this other thing. She's like, well, is that, if you were to direct that, is that all consuming? I was like, it always is. It's Always, You know. I know. But that's, that's why, that's why we love it. Can we get Amanda on here at some point too, do you think? Yeah. Talk about deal, Laura. And then we're working our way, we Into reality. Towards your real Yeah. Wife into having Amanda on me. Amazing. Sean, Whatever. It's, I'm gonna stand the stand in. We'll go, we'll, we'll go around the circle. Next one will be one. Either your current partner will or an ex or something like that. Sean you as well. We'll all take turns. It'll just be sort of just like a rotating bloodbath, you know? Yeah. Oh. my God, my God. Well, you sort of test the waters with me.


I'm sort of, yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know, As close as you'll get at this point. Laura. Laura, what do you do to zone out after you've been working 14 hours and you're done directing something like that, or a big play or something? I go to bed. Yeah. You know, I mean, honestly, there's not a whole lot that happens. I mean, It's, well, whatcha are you gonna do this week? You're not, you finished directing that show last week and now like, yeah, this week is your recuperate. Are you going to yoga? Are you gonna Pilates, are you going to the No, No gym? No, no. I'm staring at a wall. You're staring at the wall. I'm gonna stare at a wall. Yeah. I'm gonna be really quiet. Yeah, really quiet. Right? You're quiet, you quiet. Activity is reading. Watching, yeah. Bad reality tv.


Occasionally. Yes. Guilty. You Reading anything good? Right. What are you reading right now? Anything good? I just picked up, oh God, what's it called? I won't leave. You do, do not leave me. Ah, I forgot. I forgot. Rah rah. Right. But I was reading, you know, vigorously until, until Black Rabbit happened. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then it all, it all fell apart. And then you're gonna start editing next week, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. And tomorrow is, is one of the things I read last year, which I just still love. Am floored by Really? If tomorrow, tomorrow, and tomorrow. It's wonderful Fiction. I am Wonder Fiction. Yeah. Huh? Spectacular. Yeah. Is it A thriller? No, it's about three friends who Oh.


Who make video games. It's, it's a world I know nothing about. Don't care about. And boy, this book is glorious. It's so beautiful. Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow. It's beautiful. I'm gonna Read. Are the options available? I Mean, I think they're already, I'm sure they're already taken. Let's also, the librarians is really good. I've heard that. Patrick dewitt. Yes, I heard very, very good. Yeah. So you can join my book club. I'll send you some recommendations. And, I've just been reading this, I'm reading this, this biography. It's 20 years old on de Kooning right now. That it's just absolutely fascinating. Oh, yeah. On Bill. What's that mean? Will on the painter, Willam de Kooning, ah, bill de Koon Is incredible. There's a Sylvia Plath biography that everybody loves. I'm gonna write that down too, Laura.


What, what, what, what, what about if, would you, if you weren't an actor or director, what do you think you would do? You had to do not, not where you would've possibly hit the hit a left fork instead of a right fork early on. But like today, if you had to pick a different career, what do you think you're best suited for right now? Like, would you, would you write books? No. Would you? No. Would you teach at Julliard? I think medicine. Medicine. Medicine. Yeah. I think medicine. Really? I love Medicine too. Like a doctor or something? Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Do you love medical stuff? And like, I, I can't get enough of it. Yeah, no, I do. I do like It. I like to know people's issues. How they got it.


Yeah. What the Cure was. Yeah. And, I. Weirdly know things. Yeah. Like how do I know what a pericardium is? Why do I know that? You know? But I could, I could see you working with people in, in maybe medicine and maybe teaching, maybe doing something. You have such a And, I'm gonna say that. You have such a kind smile. Yeah. And you really do. I will. But She, it's true. You know, all the way through Ozark, every weekend almost, she would be flying off to give some sort because of her show, the Big C, which was Senator around Cancer. Yes. Yes. She would give these speeches to correct me, Laura. Patients, doctors, medical institutions, recovery homes, et cetera.


She just delivered these speeches about the, the will to live and the joy of life, or how to deal with grief, et cetera. You'd write these things and you'd fly across the country with your weekends off to talk to these people and buoy them. I, I just, I didn't And I. Love that. Not Surprised. And I sort of use it also as a way for arts advocacy, you know? Yeah. Which is just to talk about the arts as much as I can anywhere I can. Yeah. As long as I can. Yeah. Because it's, it's, it's so important. Like Sean, she's not sitting at home making sloppy joes and figuring out, you know, what tv Well, who loses track? Who loses Sean and Scotty Cigarette talking about farts, advocacy. Am I right? These Two guys?


But I just think it's like you're gonna cut lines upstairs after you're done with all this angel work. I, I don't know. Where does it come from? What mom, dad? I, I don't know. I think I like people And I. Think I, you know, And, I Love the arts. I love the arts. I think, I think like more than just like a selfish thing. I, I think it's unbelievably important for, for culture and society. I couldn't agree more. I couldn't, it is so undervalued. It's unbelievably medicinal. You cannot, there is no wasted time when you're engaged with the arts. It will make everything better. I mean, it's just, I so Agree. At a time when the brain is growing too. So like, with, with you. Yes. Like with the work that you do at Julliard too. And kids are, I mean, they're not, they're not, they're not toddlers anymore.


They're young adults. Yes. But I imagine that work for you is super fulfilling. What, what, what, what, remind me what your role is currently there. What do at Juli, what do you do there? What do you do? Tell, tell Tracy in Wisconsin what you're doing there. Julliard and what Julliard is for Tracy Julliard is a arts conservatory school, which is sort of one of the, the leading schools in the country that teaches music, opera, dance, and drama. There are four departments At Lincoln Center Right across the street from Lincoln Center. It's the Julliard School. It's there. It has a long illustrious history. I somehow, by the grace of God, got in there and, you know, people will ask like, what was your big break?


And for me it was getting into that school. Hands down. Hands down. So I was there for four years and about 15 to 18 years ago, they called and asked me to give the, the, the commencement speech, which I did. And they also invited me to join the board of school, which I did. I was the only, I think there were only two artists on the board at that time. And I've been on it now for a long time, and I'm now vice chair. Wow. For a limited period of time. Wow. That's so cool. So, so I'm very involved there and seeing like what institutions like Julliard, what they do, how they do it, why they do it, and the, you know, the, the challenges that are facing young artists today.


Yeah. You know, so, and also I try to, when I have the time, I try to mentor the, the outgoing class. I will go in and talk to students. I'll take them out to lunch, I'll, you know, and sometimes I can do it and sometimes I can't. What, what is the biggest challenge, Laura, of for a, you know, a young aspiring actress today? What do you think that biggest challenge is? Money. Yeah. Money. Money, right. Yeah. I mean, it's impossible. I mean, and which is why Julliard's making such a concerted effort to go tuition free. You know, it's, and why a lot of schools are, because we train these artists at this very, very high level. They leave and then they can't support themselves, and then they drop out and we lose them. Right.


Do, Do you spend a, do you spend a lot of time raising money or working with people or working with groups to try to raise money for the school? Are you guys dealing with high net worth individual? Yes. All these people that you need these patrons, as it were? Yes. Yes. Who? Some of them. I, I mean, I'm sure some of that's tough, but you need that, right? Yes. You need to have these people in order to keep it running. Yes. The angel people. Yes. Yeah. And then you need the small donations as well. You need people just involved. You need people who just to care about the arts. You open your, Open your pocketbook for once, No Sake. No, Jason. I just did a whole new winter wardrobe. I, it's thin, right? No, no. Listen. Okay. We lost a a lot of weight. He needs a new close.


Yeah. He just got back from Paris. Yeah. He goes Speaking Great. Speaking of books stuff, tell me something you've seen that you, that you love recently. Mm. A TV show. Movie. Wait, wait. Before, before we leave the Juilliard thing, lemme just the, and speaking of, of Angel people. So Laura just continues to blow my mind. So we have this young actor on the show. His name is Robert Elijah Coleman. He is, he was going to Julliard. He got cast in this show. He was working on a day, this is a month ago when Julliard graduation was happening. He had done his four years at Julliard. It's in, it's incredible to graduate from Julliard.


But he was scheduled to work on that day. Partly my fault I was directing. But Laura was prepping her episodes coming in. So she was, she was around the set. And what she decided to do as a big shot at Julliard was to grab his diploma, grab his cap and gown, write this long speech, an incredible speech that one would receive if they were lucky enough to be at their ceremony when they're graduated. But he couldn't, 'cause he had to be sitting on set. She, she asked me if she could stop production for about five or 10 minutes, bring in a cake, do the whole thing, gather the whole crew. And she delivered the speech and she put on the graduation music and everything.


This, this kid, the greatest, greatest guy was so bowled over, as was the whole crew and cast. And she, she presented him with his diploma and full graduation ceremony right there on set after four years of Julliard. Like it Amazing. That is, That Is, who has that idea, you know? Amazing. That Is really, really, really sweet. That is incredible. Well, you know, it's a, there are moments in your life. They're big moments that need to be recognized. And you know, Eli had been through, I know what it is to go through Julliard. I know what it is. To graduate from that school to feel like you've, you know, you've done something and now God, what's gonna happen now? And you've done it with an ensemble of people. And for, it killed me that he was not gonna be with his class.


And He didn't tell anybody on set. He had not mentioned it to anybody that he was missing his graduation. Yeah. I knew. So I went to him, I'm like, are you okay about this? And he was so good natured about it. Yeah. He was so happy to be there. He was like, I'm fine, I'm fine. And I. I just, great actress. I just sort of couldn't, I couldn't stand it. So I, and Jason was, was kind enough to let me sort of hijack the set for a bit. So it was fun. It was really fun. Yeah. The, the performance of being at a graduation doesn't come close to doing the thing that you graduated for. Right. To get the job. Yeah. And it Didn't know. Absolutely. And it didn't, and it didn't matter that they had to move that day, that he had to shoot that day because Jason had a golf game on, on the other day. That's right. That doesn't matter. Doesn't even come up.


No. It doesn't even come up. We'll work it out, out. That doesn't Come up. Yeah. Because he's got a team tie with his buddies Now, Sean, what was your, what was your question? That was good. I was just gonna say, I'm always interested in what people are watching recently that you liked or any recommendations, documentaries, movies. Alone, alone. We've been watching Alone. Oh, me too. Jason loves that. Can I, I love Alone. Can I just say one more thing I wanna talk about alone before we get outta the Julliard stuff. What can people do to support the arts wherever they live? Wherever anybody's, like what, what would be a really important thing that people who listen to our podcast could do to try to help young people get involved in the arts? And what, what can They do in there? Oh, I know. Vote for the Democratic ticket.


There's That. Well, apart from that, what, what could people do? Honestly, Laura, Go. I mean, I think Sean, I just thought That was a really good suggestion Going on at the house. Sean's got that update on his iOS where he does that. Double thumbs up. He is. It's fireworks. Yeah. You know, I think it's, go find something in your community that is there. Go with your family, have a communal experience and go, Yeah. Just buy a ticket. Get off your phone And see what happens. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I, here's, here's a big name Droppy moment. But Edward Alby said to me one time, Jesus, he was, I know. Pick It out. He said, He said, listen to Bach for 10 minutes every morning.


He says, it organizes the mind. Wow. And he's right. And so I tell, when I give these speeches around the country, I tell people like, try it for two weeks. See what happens. Just 10 minutes. And Jason, you know, 'cause you love classical music, you know that it's, it, it does, it permeates your being and it realigns you in a way music does. I mean, Sean, you know this as well. You know, it, it's, it's a powerful thing. The arts and And I think it's the most underused resource we have or one of them in this country. I, and it makes me crazy that our government has never really leaned into that. Yeah. You know, to be, and to, except now our surgeon general is, is using it for mental health.


Yeah. You know, he's encouraging people to get involved and go And I was gonna say there's probably a lot, a lot less violence in the world. I know that's a crazy thing to say. It's not, but like, if, if people, if more people are exposed to the, to the arts, there's a Absolutely. Yeah. It gives them and graduation rates skyrocket. Yeah. If a kid is involved in the arts Yeah. Sky, it's just skyrockets and there's always something somewhere. And you don't have to be good at it. You don't have to be an artist yourself. You have to Be exposed to it. Just go mean Willie's talking about starting to paint. He's gonna start Oh my God painting a bit. Yeah. I mean, I can, I can do stick figures. I mean that's, you know, way beyond. We're not expecting more than that from Will. It's not, it's not gonna be, I'm not gonna be showing anything. It's gonna be Yes, yes, you will. For this Christmas. I, I want, that's all I want from you.


I And I. It's a shitty painting. Be It's gonna be really, it's gonna be really shitty. I'm excited about it. I was just thinking about it this morning actually. Good. I can't wait to see some Of that, but I think it's like, you know, grab, grab someone you love or grab someone you like and go and have an experience and just see, see what happens. You know, I grab somebody I like at the Stop and Shop, but I didn't know them. You're gonna find out what happens when this, I'll tell you what, adjudicated Check out the Daily Mail. Wait, so let's get to, to, you were, you were talking about Alone You Love Alone like JB B Yeah. Brand new season just started. I, I only want Episode. I watched it because of because of him as well. Same. Yeah. I know. It's intense, isn't it? It's, I mean, I would, I love the guys who go, and this is early in first few seasons, the really tough guys Yeah.


Who are absolutely gonna crush it and, and they're gone in two hours. Yeah, I know. First One's out. You like a Russell in the Weeds and they're like, I'm tapping out. I'm tapping out, I'm tapping out. And I. Think that would be me. Yeah. You know, I, I wouldn't last for two seconds. I'd Tap out before they land. The helicopter Celebrity alone would be hilarious. I'd be tapping out when I'm connecting flights in, in Minneapolis. I'd be like, Yeah. I would hang up on my manager on the phone call about The, The request the great Lean Kian would get would get the hang up. That's right. I I love like the, the, the places they build for themselves. Yeah, I know. You know, the, those huts and the, it's just sort of An amazing thing. It's like naked and afraid and like kind of just heightened it a little bit.


Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And I also love, like these poor people filming themselves at the same time. I know. It's all part of it. I like it when they built a great house. Like when a guy, there was a guy once in one of those seasons up in the Northwest Territories in Canada, and he built like this stone house with moss and stuff. You're like, Yeah, the moss like that The moss, who knew Moss was So, and then they, and then they got it. They gotta rip it down when they leave. You know, they do that little time lapse thing when it all goes away. It's like, no, I Know. Laura, we're over. We're over time. You, you will be compensated. Yeah. Checks in the mail. Yeah. We love you. I love you most. No, I, yeah. I'm a massive, massive, massive fan. Have always been, well, Truly, I, you know, so I love Glad We did this. Three of you.


You know, I've been lucky enough to work with two of you and Sean we're due. I love it. I would love it. Figure that out and thanks JB. Thanks. Love you. I'll see you in a few days. Say hi to Mark and Bennett. I sure will. And go feed your dog. Loved The family. Will do. I'm gonna wake him up. Okay. All right. Bye. Bye Laura. Thank you. Bye. Well, That was lovely. It was painful for me. That was a lot of, a lot of, a lot of love to receive. I'm not good at that, but thank you. Yeah. But you're doing better. You're doing better. She's, she's, I, you know, she's de I I love if you could, if you could pick a second wife, she would be it. Yeah. Well imagine if it wasn't her, I mean, it, it it was her for a reason, you know?


Yeah. Yeah. You guys really connected. And I. Can't imagine anybody else playing that part. I remember, I still remember the day. I, I, I, she was the first person I went to on Ozark. I, I took her out to breakfast at this restaurant in the bottom of this hotel I was staying in, in New York. It was there scouting, I think. And, and we share a manager, Alene Khin and And I said to Alina, I said, do you think Laura would ever consider doing a show again? And she's like, we should just talk to her. Just, you know, And I met her at that restaurant and just pitched her for an hour and a half and was really nervous about even the possibility of her saying yes or no.


I, I just was such a big swing. 'cause I knew by having her on the show, not only would it, would she be an incredible actor on it, but what she would sort of signal to the audience and to the community in, in the business about what the show is and what the show isn't. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like she's just such a great recruiter of high quality people and, and a declaration of, of sort of the, the, the quality we're kind of shooting for. And it was just such a gift that she said, yes. I I the, the show would never would've happened without her ever. Yeah. And, I mean. I can't imagine, I can't imagine anybody else doing that part. Yeah. Yeah. So lucky and what a great guest. Yeah. She's sweetheart, I've always been such a massive fan.


Like she's an actor's actor and Yeah, she really Is. Exactly. And You look at, you look at her body and mean just goes on and on and on and on and on. And I, IM db. Yeah. It's crazy. I love that she was here and by the way, long time coming. Yes, exactly. Yeah. That was, I mean, I remember talking to her when we got, when we first got started, we were still doing Ozark, right? Yeah. Oh God, yeah, yeah. Right at the end. Oh, that's right, that's right. During Covid, I mean, I mean, we for a year, Right? Yeah. Yeah. I remember talking to her at least. Yeah. Yeah. I remember her sort of just looking at me like, I could just sense she was kind of looking at me like, you're doing what? Yeah. Every week you're what? Yeah, yeah, exactly.


And then, yeah, then she started saying, well, you know, some people are talking to me that apparently they've listened to your podcast or something there. People are liking it. I'm like, you gotta, you gotta come on. You gotta come on. And she was like, yeah, Well, I was ni it was nice to know. Here we go. It was nice to know, oh, here He comes. Now you're just telling us this Is the guy who, when you merge on a Free of her to drop by or something like that. This is, is that what it was gonna be? You know, Sean is just be a terrible merger on the freeway. You guys are comes in doing 120 miles an hour or doing 30 miles an hour and everyone's gotta a slam on the brakes. go ahead. Her in. No, I just thought it's nice that she said hi to directing, but she definitely didn't say bye to acting Christ.


Oh fuck man. Yes. You're the worst Fuck, Fuck fucking dude. Holy shit. That is rough. Bye Bye. We might have to put you on a, on a hiatus. You can't initiate A Bas. Smart, Smart Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry, Rob Arm, JF and Bennett Barco.


Smart. Less Earning your degree online doesn't mean you have to go about it alone. At Capella University, we are here to support you when you're ready. From enrollment counselors who get to know you and your goals, to academic coaches who can help you form a plan to stay on track. We care about your success and are dedicated to helping you pursue your goals. Going back to school is a big step, but having support at every step of your academic journey can make a big difference. Imagine your future differently at capella edu.