
Oh man. I always forget how Julie gets when I do a cold open, but man, probably should have worn a hat. Even gloves would've been nice. But Anyway, Before, before I freeze my beans up, Welcome to Smartlist. Smart, smart, smart, You guys.


I mean, don't make me cry. It's been a month and a half. I know. It's Pretty. I'm so happy to see you in your house. Know in LA it's so, it makes me feel really good. And I. Know that we're gonna see you later. Yeah. Later today, which is Later today. Tonight. I'm gonna put my mouth on both of you right away. Hang on, hang on, hang on. Hang one lip for Each. That's another Sunday. Please Stop. Please stop. Please stop. Now, I Urge you. Wait a minute, Jason. I know you told us a little bit about your character, but is your character supposed to clean at all? Like, Yeah. Tell, hang on. Tell us about your character. This is the start of a typical interview. Tell us about your character. What Is that? No, because like, As a storyteller, sorry, Sean, you're gonna go, but No. Well, anyway, I don't really care. I mean, I care, but I mean, like, is he supposed to bathe?


No. And that's, that's why I look like, you know, I mean, there's long hair and long beard and it's not Yeah. This, this guy. Are you anxious to cut it all off, or are you like Liking it? Yeah. And we haven't even gone into the teeth of summer yet. I'll be going, going through summer in New York City with this long hair, And I. How is that beard gonna feel in 16 hour days in the summer in New York? Oh God. It's gonna, it however bad it feels, it's gonna smell even worse. Yeah. Have you, have you been trimming it now? 'cause you've got it at a length that you like. No. Well, we've, we had to trim it once just for continuity, so it doesn't get too, but, you know, I, I, I get, you know, people maybe be like, should we, should we worry?


Is there a hotline we can call into? Well, Amanda Amanda's admitted to us a bunch of times. And, I. And even last, I mean, know to anybody who'll listen. And then I, last weekend at dinner, she was, she was chewing somebody's ear off about, and then she just looks like somebody new and different. I heard her, I forget who she was sending this to. Scottie's. She's sitting Next to Scottie. No, I know. Well, it, it's just about different, right? I mean, I, I look like somebody other than the person who's been sharing a bed with her for 25 years. Right, right. It's, you know, she's just seeing flashing green lights all over the place. I actually think it's, it's, it's handsome. It Is Handsome. Thank you. Well, I Mean, maybe trim with a little trim of the beard, but hair Is, yeah. You know, who doesn't dig it?


Maple. My 12-year-old, she's just, she'll barely look at me. Well, all she wants is Marty Bird back. Sure. Nice. And, and short hair, you know, some kind of a banker look. What about the sleeve? Does Marty roll his sleeves up ever? Because Michael Bluth rolled his sleeve sleeves up. Well, he was always trying to get down to business and, you know, you know. Well, I think about that every time, literally that I turn up my sleeves. I hear you. Go, well, let's get down to business, sir. And you know, you're not wrong, but I, yeah. So, But you're feeling good though. You're, you're, you're happy to be Home. I'm feeling good.


I'm very happy to be home. I cannot wait to see you guys tonight. You can't wait. Likewise. This is the first time we've done one of these for six weeks. I know, Know, people don't realize we, we sometimes bank episodes and we had to do that because you were directing. So we were two months ahead. Right. And how, how are you Feeling at the end of your directing? Did it go, did everything kind of pretty much go It went where you wanted to? It went to, it went even better than I'd hoped. Great. And That was, 'cause Yes. Everybody came together. So, so well Crew in the cast and Yes. A Amanda said it was going really great. I'm so excited. Yeah. I can't wait for people to see it. Really, really proud of it. And It's called Black Rabbit. It's called Black Rabbit or excited for, but for, for some odd re you know, Netflix, God Bless, 'em, they're, they're, they're not dissimilar from other companies in that, like right around when Star Wars started to get rekindled and Marvel started to go and people really tried to like, steal scripts online and like get a jump on, on things and like release spoilers and stuff.


All studios went to a, a pseudonym for projects. Right, right. Regardless of their, you know, budget scale. Like, this ain't Star Wars, you know. Right. I mean, it's a great thing, but it's not Sean I'm out. Yeah. I Was directed at you. So we had to come up with a pseudonym per Netflix. And I was so, like, Oh my God. This is not a Marvel thing. We don't need a pseudonym. And I was so like over it at, when I got the email and my, my dog Gary was just laying on my lap. And so I said, let's call it Gary, the dog. So all over the, so the, the show is called Gary The Dog. If you're in New York, all the location signs and the call sheets and everything. No.


So that no one figures out where black rabbits shooting. So they can't get Well Now you have to change the name. No, it's, it's like, it's A state secret. You know, Ted, I'm sorry, he's gonna call me and yell at me. Perhaps. But it's just, it, it's, I can't wait for my actual dog to show up on set and everyone will see like, you know what? That, You know what that reminds me of? Sorry. Just made me think when we, years ago, what it is, more than 15 years ago, we were sh we were in the, we had finished shooting, it was about to be released. Blades of Glory. The ice skating movie. Yeah. Me and Ferrell and Amy and everybody. I love that movie. Fun, fun movie. Really fun. Directed by the great Will respecting Josh Gordon, Our friends Will and Josh directed him. So I was, I remember I was in a cab going downtown, downtown in New York on Broadway, just above Canal Street.


And I was talking to Will on my cell phone. Yeah. I guess it was probably pre just pre smartphone talking to Will. And, and as I was talking to him, this woman comes up to the window of the cab and she's holding up bootleg copy. The movie hasn't been released yet. Bootleg copies of Blades of Glory. And I said, Hey, will do you want me to grab you a copy of the movie? We hadn't even had the premiere yet. And a $6 Louis Vuitton bag. You were right there on Canal. Right. Remember piracy was like so super bad. Like the physical piracy. I do that. You know, I went to Ally Wentworth and George Stephanopoulos house for dinner. And I didn't have anything last minute to bring as a, as you know, as you do when you go to somebody's house for dinner. Sure. Classic. So I stopped on the street. And I bought Jason, one of those $6 Prada bags.


And for Allie as like, instead of like a, a bottle of wine or something, it's so brilliant. That's gonna be my thing. Now I'm just gonna buy like 20 of 'em bank, you know, have 'em in my closet. And if I don't have anything, I'm just gonna bring people like pink Prada bags that just cost $6 By the way. Now you got customs on your ass. They're like, Yeah, that's a Great idea Guys, let's get to our guest. She's been so kindly waiting. Yep. She's a true Los Angeles native. But counterintuitively showbiz wasn't her always her career path. Wow. She graduated from Vassar with a degree in psych. Psychobiology A beautiful campus, and Then went to work for her dad. A headache specialist, Huh? Huh. But one thing led to another as it so often does in Tinseltown.


And she ended up at the Groundlings bit by the comedy bug. She's fluent in French, married to a Frenchman And, I'm guessing, loves French Lisa, fries Lisa. All three of us would consider this person her friend Lisa. But the rest of the world. She's one of six friends. It's Lisa Ra, it's Lisa. Yeah. Lisa. Woo. Oh. With a gorgeous filter on As you soon as you said, married to a Frenchman. I knew it was Lisa. Yeah. Michelle Stone. Michelle. Michelle. Michelle, Michelle Stone. But I'm not fluent. I'm not fluent in French. Oh, You aren't. All right. Made that up. What about French Canadian? Yes. Yeah. But you must speak, you must speak a little bit of it. 'cause your husband. Yeah, I do. I speak a little of it because my husband. So is that, is that on purpose?


You didn't, you didn't wanna learn. You just repeated everything. I Know. That's so good. Your mirror work. Your mirror work is phenomenal. By the way, Did you, did you not learn the whole language so that you could tune him out when he's really going at you with some stuff? No, he just, he, he speaks so fast. I couldn't. Yeah. Yeah. And I did take it in high school too. I took four years of Too. And, you know, will speaks fluently. Well, you know, I've, I've spoken French with Michelle many times, but he Wants you go in, ends up one puffy. He doesn't, he he won't slow it down for you. So if you don't keep up, then he'll just flip to English. 'cause he is like, I'm not gonna waste my time. Right. I know. Yeah. Very Paris. Lisa, why do you look so pretty today?


Not that you don't always do, but like, give, have a Call back today. Yes. I thought this was it. So thought this Was an audition. And so my God because you know, we're not like filming this, but You look. No, but you look great. Your lighting is good. Your lighting is good. And I. Love that you had, you have enough self-respect to like, blur out your background. 'cause you don't, like, Sean wants us all to look at his Cannon printer. Oh yeah. But you're like, there's little baby Yoda that's hard to get. Yeah. Yoda up there. But you're Like, you're like, I'm gonna be front and center. You look great. Your lighting looks great. You look phenomenal. It's Totally, no, but because it's mayhem here. Is it, is it, It looks like it could be a nice looking bookshelf back there. Maybe even better than Sean's. Yeah, it is. I'm actually trying to unblur it so you can see.


Oh, there it is. Oh, there it is. There it is. Well, what blur, What is that? That's a Little blurry. But you know, that looks, that looks really nice like that. It's A shallow depth of field. 'cause at least you can kind of see this. Okay. Okay. So I, go ahead. I was gonna just get right to, can you help my daughter get into Vassar? You know? Yeah. Because we toured that campus and she's, Is she interested? Jason? It's, I don't know if she is, but I like, it looks like Hogwarts. I mean, it's so Oh, really beautiful there. It's really beautiful. A lot of people end up at Vassar just from the tour, Right? Yeah. Yeah. Really. And then they're disappointed they didn't go to Yale, But Yeah, it's really beautiful. It's so, yeah. It's so Beautiful. Was college a good experience for you? Did you I loved it. Yeah. With all my heart.


I didn Have that Now. Were you, were you, were you, were you, were you an academic or were you Yeah. A just sort of doing your sports? No, she said yeah. That you could party. No, she said, yeah, I want to say you outta the party. Can't wait cash. You kept talking. You didn't listen. You just, she just, she Answered. I like to drive people into the answer I want. Right. Well, I've forgotten. It's been a while. Yeah. I was a biology major, so there was no choice. Wow. Really? But to be academic. 'cause that's a big commitment. What, so what was, what, what was the, what was the impetus for that? So you come outta high school, you're, you're kicking ass in science and math, and you're like, yeah, I'm gonna, Yeah. I thought I'll be pre-med. My dad's a doctor.


My brother is starting medical school. And I thought. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be a doctor too. And Was that interesting to you? Well, biology was really interesting to me. Mm. Yeah. I loved it. I biology, I mean, it's such a huge, it's, It's, but what kind of doctor do you think you would've been? I don't know. I was, I wasn't set on that, but halfway through I went, oh no, there's No Way. I'm gonna be a practicing physician. There's No Way. Right. So, Because, because Because I realized I wasn't as interested in that as I was in, I liked evolutionary biology, so I was just gonna continue and do Well, Will's big on creation.


Biology will, But, but let, I remember Depa Abdul song, ology. No, we don't. No, nobody Does. Jesus. I used to pretend I was gonna vi biology Class. Made no offense to her, but he does. But, but wait, so Lisa, so your dad, so your dad was a, did Sean, did you say that? Did he say it right? Your dad specialized in headaches? Yeah. What? So what, what's that? Talk to us a little bit about that. And Yeah, I worked in those, I got two headaches. I got two headaches on the line with me every day. Okay. How do you get rid of them? Maybe you can help me get rid of them. See, it's called recasting. Okay. Well, he, he got a lot of headaches and he was, you know, like a family practice or internist.


And then decided he would switch to just treating, researching headache. Wow. So, so was it migraines or, or just the simple, the common Headache? Well, at the time, from what I remember, 'cause I worked for him Right From college till friends, basically Like in, like in the summers or, or full-time? No, full-time after that. Wow. Really? That was my day job, which was really lucky. Where was That? In Encino. Okay. So yeah, go Ahead. But, and at the time there's nine different headache types at that time. Let's have 'em. So I don't know. Well, I don't know. Oh, well we got migraine. Are there different subsets of, of Migraines? Of migraine? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


Hemiplegic, ophthalmic, classical. Yeah. And do you know how to treat, like, can you, like, you and And I know your son and like the second you feel something going on, you must know all about them to know what to do with them, right? No. Alright, great. I mean, a little, but I, but you know, there's a lot of new medications and my brother's a headache specialist. He's a neurologist who took over when my dad retired. So Be honest. Is he in bed with the folks over at Bayer? In bad with, But I, I, I, I, I, I am While we're pulled over here for a second. I, I am, I mean, is a headache, I mean, it's mostly just like a blood flow problem, correct?


Or No, I think, well, I don't, yeah, I'm not entirely sure. But I mean, just the Key. You was just, you were answering the phone. Is that what you were doing there? You Don't want Tylenol? I mean, this sounds like this is what, this sounds like a pretty shitty operation. I kind of knew a lot about cluster headache. That was this subset that that's when you're around too many people. It's not a migraine people. What Is that when you're around too many people? No. And is the classical headache from Listening to No, but that's a good guess. Yeah. Thank You. No, it's not. You Know, I'm just about making people feel good. Yeah, Sir. And by the way, that's what I'm about. Which leads me to, you told me before we were, we were hanging out at another friend's house and Well, you told me, I was asking about your family growing up and you were like, I was the, I was the least funny in the house.


Yeah. And I was like, what? As a kid. Yeah. And you said And I always found that hard to believe. So were you interested in comedy at all? Like, yes. When did you, what tickled you? Oh, well, I just, I'm the youngest, you know, in the family. So that's always like the least competent person in the house. Same. Yeah. You get away with a lot. How many, how many siblings? I've Two. Okay. And they're older and really funny. And my dad is really funny. And he's 91 and he still is. Yeah. And so yeah, I just would repeat what they said, bring it back to school and sometimes get in trouble because it's like six and eight years older than what was appropriate for Kindergart or first grade.


But junior high I did play production where we wrote sketches and performed them. And That was huge for me. That was a very big Deal. Was Saturday Night Live consequently like one of your favorite shows? Yeah, I did. I loved it. I did love it. Yeah. Same. I used To watch it. Yeah. Gilda Rad. Was That a gold? Oh, No Way. You too. Sean No Way. What? What a weird coincidence. Sorry. I know. Oh, you liked, oh, you liked Saturday Night Live fucking breaking news. Jesus Christ. Here's What's special about me. I liked it too. I loved Saturday Night Night. I loved The Beatles. I loved it too. They were really good.


What about, and what about oxygen? What question? I know Loved. Yeah. I breathe oxygen. So was it was a grounding, was it, was it, did you want to go there as maybe a path to potentially become a cast member? No. Groundlings That was after college. And that really wasn't about, I wasn't, my goal was not Saturday Night Live, but my goal was to avoid a dramatic acting class at all costs. Right, Right, right. Because from what I understood, they seemed like cults and Yeah. It was just people taking everything way too seriously. Yeah. I was in one once and it was that It was like that. Yeah. It was like people Yeah. People used it as an excuse to not move on in life or therapy.


Ooh. Or therapy. Yeah. Ooh. Whereas, whereas the world beaters in the comedy class. Yeah. Well, That was the huge revelation. Yeah. Was, Ooh, the comedy folk are way off. Like, there's something really wrong. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Well, well also, also it's a lot of fun. Yeah. Well, oh, like you get to have a f you get to laugh and have fun all the time. See, that's a little, you know, a little secret. That feels good. Instead Of trying to make people cry. I know. But let me ask you something. Okay. Of all the standups, you know, who is more serious than a standup Standups? Right. That's so true though, About their standup work. Wait, Who would you say is funnier in person than, than on stage?


And they're great on stage. Marty Short is the funniest. Marty Short. Zach Alkis. Zach Al. No. Zach Alkis is standup. He's the funniest person in person. Yeah. Which is hard to believe 'cause he's so funny on stage and in stuff. He is. Will Ferrell Ferrell Ferrell's, The Standup Ferrell Ever Knee. I never did standup, right? Conan? Yeah. Conan. Conan. Yeah. Conan incredibly funny. We'll be right back.


SmartLess get support from ZipRecruiter Summer's finally here. And all those seasonal businesses are looking to hire everything from Mule Packers to drama camp leaders. That means if you've got those special skills, you are in luck. There's a big demand for people like you. And they're not exactly easy to find. Whether you're hiring for one of those roles or any other role, how do you find top talent before the competition gets to them? ZipRecruiter. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash smartlist. Found a candidate that really stands out. ZipRecruiter makes it easy to reach out to them right away. Just use the pre-written invite to apply message to personally connect with your top picks and get them interested in your opportunity. Gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter's high speed hiring tools. See why four outta five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to ZipRecruiter for free ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. Again, that's ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire


This episode is brought to you in part by Liquid iv. So I just was on that family reunion that I talked about. That was so awesome. And, but it was hot, hot, hot. And we were outside all the time. And I was just sweating and sweat. I put sunscreen on. I, I just kept sweating and losing all that water. And like, and sweating. And sweating. Not only because of the sun, just, but because there was 26 people in one house. But it was super fun. And I. Just thought, you know what, before I left, I thought enough to pack Liquid IV with me. And it's such great news because they had all those nostalgic flavors. Now that bring you back to, you know, those free spirited summers with Liquid iv, like the returning fan favorite hydration multiplier cotton candy. Yeah. That's a, that's a flavor, A technicolor dream scape of hydration. No fluff. All functional benefits with a sweet vanilla taste. Just one stick of Liquid IV hydrates you better than water alone with triple the electrolytes of the top sports drink, plus eight essential vitamins and nutrients. So the next trip that you go on that you know you're gonna be somewhere that's like hot and humid or wherever, which is basically everywhere. Make sure you have a liquid IV on you or in your car, or just traveling with you in any way because it really, really helps hydrate you and keep you hydrated. Turn your ordinary water into extraordinary hydration with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com. And use code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I talked about this before, but it's very, very dangerous to compare yourself and your life to others. I know it's really easy to do that, especially with social media and looking at people's lives who are like, oh, you know, that person's life seems better than mine, or they have more than me, or whatever it is. But it's, it's really unhealthy and you really gotta check yourself to get off of social media. And what might help you do that and cope with that is therapy. 'cause comparing yourself to others is it's a total joy killer. It's so easy to look at someone's social media and think they've got it all figured out. But the truth is, everyone's got their own stuff going on behind the scenes that you can't see. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash smartlist today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. Having said all that, who who, what? I wanted to know, Lisa, who was in your class? Conan, like what was Conan? So Conan was, I would've quit if That Must have been exhausting, by the way. Oh, oh, sorry. I thought you were gonna go the other way. He wouldn't make you Quit. We'll cut that one Will. Yeah. You, you were, tell us about that grow. Yeah. At the Groundlings because Yeah, It was nuts. Well, I couldn't take Groundling classes 'cause they wouldn't let me. 'cause I hadn't had enough experience with anything. So they sent me to Cynthia Spaghetti, an improv teacher at the Cort, which is now goddammit, lar, you know? Thank you. Yeah. Largo. Yeah, And. I went to the first class and thought, oh no, these are not my people.


And I can't do this. I commit. I don't know what that means. And they're all embarrassing me with their like, you know, space ball, like with an emotional adjustment. Like rr And. I went, I can't do this is right. This, I don't, I think I'm out. It's too serious. I was acting forever. Yes. And then the next week I said, all right, just go. You committed just to this. Just go And I was a little late and everyone was up there. It's like, no, no, I don't wanna break the flow. I'll just sit here and watch and die. And there was, they were lifting a disc or something and An imaginary disc. Yes. Yeah. Right. Space Sounds heavy mime actually.


And so one of 'em was doing it and it was Conan, this tall, really tall redhead guy is lifting the disc. And when he is angry, he's just kind of angry and he is just really lifting a disc or throwing the space ball without too much. And the teacher, Cynthia was saying, good commitment. And I went, oh, that's commitment. It's not embarrassing. You're just really Oh, that's cool doing It. That is cool. And I thought. Okay, that guy. So I made sure I made a beeline to him. Said, hi, I'm Lisa That was really good And. he said, I'm Conan. And we became best friends. That's Amazing. That's amazing. From that moment. And is it true that Conan gives you credit for him taking over Letterman?


Not credit No, but, But, but a little push Kind of. I mean, I, 'cause he was asked to produce that show. Lorne Michaels Yeah. Asked Conan to be the producer. So they were looking for someone to be the host. And Conan was saying, I want someone smart, but funny. But who can have a conversation with writers, you know, authors and politicians. And And I said, well, that's you, so you should do it because nobody replaces David Letterman. You're nobody. Yeah. Right. You know, so it's kind of the only That's Fine. Yeah. And at this point he was, was he the head writer on Saturday Night Live? No, he was at The Simpsons.


Oh, That's right. To Simpsons. Yeah. Oh, had he been at Saturday Night Live or not yet there? Yeah. Oh no, he had already been. That's how Lauren Michaels knew him. Okay. Yeah. That's wild. And you and you guys have been close ever since. That's so cool. And then you, you, you actually went back to the Groundlings to teach, right? So then you became Cynthia. No, while you're at the Groundlings, you can teach And I taught, I taught Cheryl Hines, my class. Some other people too. And I, don't remember. I voted Will Ferrell into the Groundlings. Wow, Nice. That's so cool. Nice vote. Not Me alone, but Yeah. Yeah. Well, but, but I would, I You might wanna do a lap on that one though. Sure. I'd do a Influe Spade influential vote.


David Spade. Sorry. Just had another comedian who's very funny off. Yeah. Lisa, have you ever done standup? No. Well, no. Would you? Would you? No. Why? Because I don't wanna write jokes. Yeah, but what about if somebody wrote 'em for you? What about being, what about being a host of a late night stand night show? Somebody like, but Oh, well, but what about like, let's say like the monologue that, that Yeah. That, that the Jimmys do. Or y you know, like, would you do that? Would you be comfortable with that? No. No. Could you do late night? No, That's what I'm saying. Yeah. What do You mean? Like, Be a Be be A guest. Yeah. Would you host on Host No Late night talk show.


What do I don't wanna Host anything. You know what I mean? Now. Okay. Now you're being confrontational. See, I'm think that'd be such a great job. You listen to me. No, I, I, I Now Sean you've done and Will, you've done, you've guest hosted Kimmel show. Yeah. So you've done, oh wow. You've done monologues upfront there. Yeah. What is that a comfortable thing? I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. I would be fun, really interested in trying. No, but it's not just the monologues. 'cause then you have to interview people, which you won't three know how to do. And That can be death. Like, it Would be be hard. Don't fucking hard. We're at it. But we get to like, it's only, it's, it's cut three ways. You know?


If it was just me interviewing somebody Yeah. I, I would, you'd you'd answer a question and I'd just be nodding at you and going, huh, that's great. I would not have my next question ready. That's The right part Of that's my job. That's my fair too. That's why. No, but even if somebody gives you the question. No. If it would be hard to, to just to give the impression that I'm interested. Right. But, you know, I'll bet you I I would love to watch the talk show. And Letterman was kind of good at this too. Although he was pretty, he was a, he was a decent fellow about it. But you could, he'd still let you see in just a little bit that he's not feeling this guest. This guest is not hitting the ball back like they should. Right. Like, they're acting like they're doing us a favor by being on the show.


And like, I I, I used to like that. I used to like to try to read him. And, and nine times Outta 10, the guest kind of deserved it. They were kind of being jerks and he wasn't, wasn't helping them. And he kinda let them sink. I I, yeah. I I think you'd be good at that. Willie. I don't know. I I'm just, I I'm just looking at Lisa and I'm remembering Lisa. Have I ever told you this? Hmm. I remembering the first time we ever met. Oh, did you guys Sean Sha Sean. And I. Take five. We've, we've gone on to work together. Lisa And I did BoJack Horseman together. We've done some stuff and Right. And great Show. My God was really great. Best She was, you were so great on it. And, but the first time we met, it was like the first year of Arrested Development.


And somehow we were at, we were at the, we were at the Beverly Hills Hotel. There was something going on. You were meeting someone for lunch and you were standing. Do you remember this? No. Or you probably don't. Probably don't. I know you told Me this. I think I told you this. And you were still on Friends was still like maybe in this last year. Okay. And And I was such a huge fan as you know, And I. 'cause I've bored you with at least so many times, such a huge fan of The Comeback. I mean, I just fricking loved it. What a genius underappreciated show. You were so brilliant in it. And our good friend Mike Sure. Was on the staff and just an amazing, amazing, amazing show. For me. It was a mindblower. And so I just said hi to you and you, we sort of said, hi And I made some stupid joke. And you, you don't And I, you go, oh, you are kinda like your character on that show.


And I walked to my car. And I was like fucking what? I was being funny. I know. And I Was trying to be funny. It Really hurt my feelings. And I drove And I crashed My car. I'm so sorry. I know you told me. And I. I said then I'm saying it now. I'm sorry. Wait. Did you literally get an accident? You got an accident? No, I didn't get it. No. I, no I didn. I didn't get an accident, but it, but I was like, I really, because she was like a big star, you know what I mean? Yeah. And I was like, yeah. Still is. At least. But I felt like a Ding d Anyway, Tell my sister Tracy, who's listening from Wisconsin about, 'cause I know I still love This story by the way. I'm sorry. I Tracy, I, I just, I've been gone for a month and a half. I just got home to that really sweet Wisconsin Badger golf shirt you sent.


We Already talked about it's No, he didn't. Well, but I had not opened it yet. I was still in New York and you know, Tracy, I don't like it. Oh Fuck. I thought you were going the other way. Well, no, I love it. I love it. I love it. And thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's very sweet. But at least for, for, for my sister who, who might not know this story, I always find it so interesting and a lot of people do know. But if you wouldn't mind, first of all, I want to go Scottie And I watch episodes of Cheers a lot. Like we'll take like 10 years off and then we'll watch Cheers again. Yeah. Nuts. And. I'm always nuts. Blown away. You are Nuts. Yeah. Crazy. When you, when you pop on, there was like Oh my God. Is that one of your first jobs on Cheers?


Or was that the first job? That was the first guest star Job on until Story. Wow. With Wood Harson. It's so cool. You were so great on that Like tapped har lead. Oh wow. Yeah. Really? Yeah. And you met Jimmy Burrows for the first time right there? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And I. Think that kind of, that's where I was going. So then Fray Frazier. Right. Or mad about You then what was next? Frazier Frazier. Well, Not next. After I did other Guest Star, apparently I was on Coach like three times. Apparently I'm as IMDB made a mistake. Do you not remember that experience? That's right. Oh Wow. And recently I worked with Linda Lavin and she said you were on a pilot that I did.


Oh. Oh. The casting director reminded Me And I. And you forgot about it. Nothing. It's like those Jennifer, like the Uber Eats commercials where you purge stuff so that you have room for other things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. So, so when you were Ursula and mad about you And that I do remember My God. Okay. So, and that, that's the thing that caught what? Jimmy Burrough's attention, the network's attention or what? No, David Crane's boyfriend partner is Jeffrey Cleric. And Jeffrey was a writer for Mad About You at the time. So when they were casting friends, Jeffrey said, what about the Lisa who's playing Ursula? That might be a good Phoebe.


Wow. Right. And But you didn't but you filmed the part of Roz for Frazier before that. Yeah. Yeah. I got no, no, I didn't film it. I got fired before that. Oh. Let's, you got F fired from From Frazier. Frazier. Yeah. Isn't that interesting though? Is It because you put hands on Kelsey or David or you just running An issue with the dog? Oh my God. You had an issue with the dog. Dog Is it put hands on like ringing necks? Yeah. Or put hands on cupping something? No, No, no. It's striking somebody or shaking somebody vigorously. Well, You know how violent I am. Isn't it wild how just everything works out? Like you can't get that. So you get that and then Yeah. It's just Always, I know and it was devastating to get fired, but of course. So When you got, so when you went in for, for the part of Phoebe on Friends.


Yeah. You knew Jimmy already. Jimmy Buroughs, for those who don't know who directed the pilot and a bunch of the first season of, of Friends, the great Jimmy Burrows, whom we all adore. Yeah. Yeah. So when you went to audition for that, he was already very familiar with you and loved you evidently. Well, he was familiar enough that, you know, yeah, And I got fired from the last thing. But he, by the way, do you know when we shot the reunion for friends? Or was it there or something else? Like a Jim Burrows celebration? Yeah. Where I learned I was the only cast member for friends that had to audition for Jimmy Burrows. Really? Oh really? Really? Yeah. Why is that? Because I had just gotten fired from Frazier.


Wow. Wow. And he was directing it. So Jimmy had been in, he had been in instrumental in your firing from Frazier? I don't know. He probably could have fought it. Probably. I mean, it sounds like it. I mean it's, let's Listen. So he felt bad. He probably didn't want to cast you in friends was like, ah, well I said I already fired this kid once. Give her this job. No, he's not like that. You know what? He's smarter than that. No, but when I had my audition, I did it. Let's pull him into this call. Yeah. Okay. Call. Can you just hold one second? No. When you went here audition. When I auditioned, it's just this small room. He's sitting at a desk. I'm in a chair. Yeah. And the audition was like a little monologue thing. Where, where was it? Do you remember? At Warner Brothers. Okay. And when I'm done, he just went no notes.


Yeah. Wow. And I, And I thought, alright, no Nights. But that's a good, that's, I don't dunno what that means. That's pretty good. It's hopeless or It's perfect. Well, Do you remember, do you remember? So you do that, that's probably in the spring of like 94, maybe 93, something like that. She Right. Mrs. Mary of Friends where you do the pilot. 94. 94. Right. So I was right the first time. So you do the I know, I don't dunno. And yeah, you do the pilot, you do the, you, you shoot the pilot. And do you remember the different, like, do you have a moment, like a year later or six months later where you're like, holy shit, my life has changed so quickly. No. No you don't. No, it wasn't like that.


It was mad about you. That changed a lot for me because I had been fired from Frazier and then I did a guest star on Mad About You. They had me back, I'd already done a Guest star the first season. So down there for a different character. And my agents had said, you're not doing this. They're, they called like in the morning, can she just come in an hour? Mm. The character's called Waitress. There's no name. And my agents at the time were saying, no, no, you can't, it doesn't even have a name. Don't do this. I said, I'm not in a position to say no. And it's to me the best show. And I'm go and I'm doing it. And by the end of the week, Danny Jacobson said, you're so funny, would you be okay doing five more episodes?


I just went, yes. Oh, thank God you did that. There's my rent for the year. I don't have to get another day job. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then your dad scrambling to find somebody to hand out the Tylenol. I mean, you kind of screwed your dad over a little bit. Luckily Rodney, Wait, Lisa, why? What can you say or can you remember, do you know why you were fired from Frazier? I don't, it just wasn't working. Yeah. I Don't, so That was so you were like midweek, you were like through the producer run through, through the network, run through or something, and then they made a switch. But during the run throughs, 'cause Jimmy was saying like, this isn't working, so just don't even Right. They had, they have to fix it. Right. Because I was trying to like, what's not working, what can I do?


But I think they did make a casting mistake with me because I went to the network with Perry Gilpen. Yeah. Oh wow. And for whatever reason, That was who got the part And Yes. And so I think they were just correcting a mistake. Got it, got it, got it, got It. Because Perry should have always been Roz, you Know? Right, right, right, right, right. Yeah, that's, it's such a funny, you guys, well we've talked about a little bit, but you've been fired from a role that you just weren't right for before. Have you? Yeah, I have. I mean, certainly I Got fired and then re rehabed or, or the stuff that you don't get and then you end up being available for the thing that you, I mean, like, you know, that classic story of you and Rain on, on Arrested Development? Well, first of all, no. The year before I got fired off that pilot that it was, the show became still standing.


And when it went to got picked up for series And, I didn't get picked up and, but it would never felt Right. And had I not been fired at the time, I was like, fuck, I, what a great job. Had I not been fired, I wouldn't have been available for rest of the development. Yeah. Brian. And it was the same, same casting director, Deb Rki, whom I adore. But can I ask you guys something when you are fired from something? Yeah. I mean, I know for me there's that moment of, wow, maybe this just isn't supposed to work out this career choice. Yeah. Oh yeah. All the time. Oh, you did have that when I, I, I have it every day still. Oh yeah. It's not working out. You know what, Lisa? I did like, my thing was like, I was, so, I ended up getting fired.


And I said, I was kinda like, fuck them. And I was living in New York at the time. Amy was doing s and l And. I was like, I'm gonna do, I, I happened to do, you know what, that summer I happened to do, or No, a couple summers before I happened to do a reading at New York Stage and film one of those reading things at Vassar. Yeah, yeah. Powerhouse. Yeah. Yeah. So you're there for like a week and you're, you're kind of workshopping a new play. And I met this, this playwright and this director and he ended up calling me and saying, we're gonna do this play with the new group off Broadway. And so I was like, I'm just gonna stay in New York and do theater and fuck tv. That was my thing, was like, they're not firing me, I'm firing them. I'm firing the whole TV business. Like they cared.


Yeah. And Right. That'll show 'em. Yeah. But That kind of made me get my head around it feel better about myself. That's, that's how I deal with it. Oh, That's great. Yeah. But it, but you're right, Lisa, it's so all, all you need is just one, one firing. And you think maybe I just don't because it's so thin what we do. It's not, it's not, it's not backed up by credentials and diplomas and, and, and, and. Right. And four years of finishing school and all of that stuff. It's just, it's so sort of subjective. Right. You know? And, and also, Lisa, think about it similarly to you, within a year, my life changed after that moment where I thought it was all done.


Yeah. My life changed forever. It's the same for you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's right. I mean, but that's what's important to me. Like for younger artists who definitely have talent, and yes, you can be discouraged, but then you've gotta pull yourself back up. Like, you know, that can't be your mindset for too long. Otherwise it won't work out. It's just not gonna work out. It'll win. That mindset will win. We'll be right back.


SmartLess is brought to you in part by Audible. Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertain as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen. So everybody knows, I, I really love food. I talk about food a lot. It may not be the food that you like, but I really like it. So when I'm not in my kitchen making a tuna fish sandwich or a peanut butter sandwich, or mac and cheese or whatever I want, I listen to Taste by Stanley Tucci, which is true. Stanley Tucci is such a good guy and a funny guy. And I'm, I'm such a big fan of him as an actor. I, I love him in everything he's ever done. This book is written and told with Stanley's signature rye humor. And it's a great way to listen to him, tell his stories about falling in love with food and, and making dinner and growing up in Westchester, New York, it's just really, really interesting how he ties it all together. Very, very, very entertaining. Listen, as an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash SmartLess or text SMARTLIST 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash smartlist. Or text smartlist to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash SmartLess.


We get support from Happy Egg. Now, lemme tell you, there's something truly special about starting your day with a sunny side up that has that deep orange yolk just bursting with flavor. Right? That's the happy egg Promise at Happy Egg. All of their hens roam on eight or more acres of land, leaving no mystery to why their eggs are the best they are cared for by small family farmers and live their best hen lives day in and day out. Aside from their hens roaming across eight plus acres of farmland, they have plenty of access to fresh water and nutritious feed. This goes above the traditional free range farming, but it's what they believe is better for their birds overall. Lemme tell you, lemme tell you something, lemme tell you how great they taste. Okay with an orange rich yolk like these things, it makes all the difference in the world. I don't want that pale yellow, stale yellow color. I want that rich sunburnt orange color that's on the horizon when the sun's about to set inside of my egg. I don't want a sad egg. I want a happy egg. Next time you're at the store, look for the yellow carton. Choose happy with Happy Egg does it. Happy egg.com/smartlist to find a store near you.


This episode of Smartlist is brought to you by booking.com. Booking dot Yeah. Whether you're planning a weekend getaway or a month long adventure booking.com has countless options across the US for any type of traveler you want to be. If you're craving some sunshine or a cozy stay in the mountains, all you need to do is enter your destination travel dates, select any preferences and let them handle the rest. They even have guest reviews so you can feel good knowing you're selecting the right. Stay for yourself. I feel like a different person when I'm on a trip, right? Because I feel adventurous. I feel relaxed. I go to New York a lot. I go to San Francisco a lot. I'm a city person. And when I go on vacation, like in a city, I love it. I I wanna go check out everything that that city has to offer. So what are you waiting for This spring checkout booking.com for your ideal hotel or vacation home, no matter where you go in the US book, whoever you want to be on booking.com. Booking dot. Yeah.


We get support from my mochi ice cream. Make your Summer even Sweeter with my Mochi ice cream. It's National Ice Cream Month and my mochis Cool Creamy ice cream. Wrapped in Sweet Soft Dough is the most delicious way to celebrate. It's like if you took ice cream and you wrapped it in my personal tummy. My mochi ice cream has all your favorite summer flavors like strawberry, mango, and cookies and cream. Each box contains six perfectly portioned, gluten-free mochis that make for a great poolside snack or backyard barbecue dessert. Since my mochi ice cream is only around 80 calories per piece, you can feel guilt free celebrating national ice cream month every single day. And guess who does me? I love Cookies and Cream, my mochi ice cream. Like, I had plenty of that, but I just read that they have an new one called Cereal and Milk Mochi. Are you kidding me? It's like it was made for me. I can't wait to try the cereal and milk mochi. If it's anything like, I imagine I'm gonna have like 50 of them in one sitting experience. The joyfully chill sensation of my mochi ice cream. You can find my mochi at Target. Or go to my mochi.com to find your nearest grocery store.


And now back to the show. Lisa, let me ask you this on, on this, on this subject. 'cause I was just talking about it because sometimes, and I'm sure you guys have had it too, like, you know, my parents will be like, so and so's grand nephew is wants to be an actor. Well, you talk to him And I always think like, I want to be generous. But also And I was just talking about it two hours ago. And of what, what would I say? What would you do if you were 20 years old today starting over again? It's such a different world from when we all started. Yeah. Certainly the show business is so much different because of social media, et cetera. What would you say to somebody who is trying to do what you're doing to your, to a 20 year, 20-year-old you today?


What would you say so different Now? Well, I isn't that different in a, I I think it's different in a good way though, because do you What I had always said was Say yes. to everything except porn. That Was Sean Shoot always my advice. Sean. Yeah. Darn it. Well keep going. Sorry. Keep, but it worked out anyway for you. And that's a joke everybody listening. No. Still say no to porn. I think, I mean, I guess it depends on your level of comfort Yeah. And what you think Porn is. Everything's okay now. That's another issue. But, but That was it, it was just Say yes to everything. You have no idea who's gonna see it. You have no idea what it's gonna lead to, what you're gonna learn from doing it.


And now everyone has a camera and can post it on something. Yeah. Yeah. So The tough part, tough part. I think for me it would be like, I, I would say to somebody, and these are unrealistic sort of parameters, is that like, yeah, go do it if you don't need it in order to make a living. And also if you don't need to be hired to find validation about your talent. Like, those are two really hard things to, like, my confidence was always tied to being chosen to being employed. You know, like if I, if I didn't get the job, I can't feel good about myself. Once I got the job, I was fucking perfect.


Yeah. I was just bulletproof. And then inevitably the job is over. Right? And that's tantamount to being fired and you gotta go find another job. And until I got that job, I couldn't feel good about myself. And so my, my self-esteem was always tied to employment. And employment is not in your control. So, so therefore the way you feel about yourself is not in con in your control. And That was a real tough thing for me. And then also, you know, if, if you have to, if if it's ti, if it's your only way to make a living, it's, it's, it's really stressful. It is. Yeah. I, I agree. And I think that you're right. And I've, we've talked about this before again, which is, I I've never believed, I think it's really dangerous to tie your, your self worth into what you're doing. Yeah, yeah. Right. But at the same time, JB, think about it, your perspective is different because you grew up working your whole life since you were a kid.


Sean, And I came into it later from other parts of the world. You grew up in Los Angeles, Lisa, but again, you came from a different world, kind of a whole different world. Yeah. And I was being employed at a time when I didn't really care about being employed. And then when it, when it became important to be employed, things had sort of dried out for me. And so, like I had, I needed to make money And I also needed to feel good about myself. And it was just, it was just, it was just tough. And, you know, it forced me to do some of the work that people should do earlier, which is, you know, get a good base of self-esteem and self-worth before you enter the workforce. Right. That's hard to do, period.


I mean, that's sort of like in any, the whole lifelong commitment. I Know. Exactly. That's, that's the journey right there. I have something to say about friends still. Okay. Okay. Just a one thing. Sorry, We gotta call her here. go ahead. We were all friends. Yeah. Is that it? Okay. What are your thoughts about the ebb and flow of the show? Because I remember when I moved to LA Friends was obviously massive. I moved in 95 and it was huge. And then there was a hibernation period after it was over, and then Netflix took over and there was a, this resurgence of popularity, not that it ever went away, but it just came back this massive, almost as big as when it first started.


Right. And what was that like? Did you feel that that change again? Or were you just like, I'm still here. I just, it doesn't affect me. Yeah, but it, I mean it was always on in syndication, so Right. Yeah. But that's what I'm saying. But even in syndication, it didn't seem like it made as big of an impact as it did when it moved to Netflix. Right. That's what I heard. That's true. Well, Yeah, but I mean, that's the fun speaking more to the phenomenon of, of Netflix than anything else. But it was so, it was so popular and it's undeniable. Right? So like, we're we're just sort of stating the obvious. It was, it was so incredibly popular and still is, but so popular and also so internationally popular. It was so big, it kind of, it was able to do a thing that very few American shows did, which was sort of transcend sort of language and all sorts of things.


Right. I mean, every, every one of my adult friends in the UK are massive fans of friends in a way that's really, Yeah. Everybody I know is, that's true. Yeah. But Lisa, you went on to, you went on to, you're one of the few who, you know, had such an iconic character on a television show. And then you achieved what seems like from the outside, the impossible and parlayed that into, and broke out of, out of Phoebe, which a lot of people can't do. And you did it. Oh, you think I did. You did. Oh, Rome, Michelle's Rome, Michelle's high school, high school reunion. Opposite of sex. I, I analyzed this. You were so fucking great and analyze this and then did comeback. Yeah. The comeback. So that's what it's getting to. 'cause I'm a massive, massive fan of that show.


Thanks. I've seen every episode. I love it so much, so much. Valerie Cherish is one of the funniest characters I've ever seen in my whole life. Thanks. Truly. And then I was on it. So thank you. Woohoo. And then, but talk to me about that character and how you came up with it. Is it based on a real person? And if you haven't seen the comeback, see the comeback, it's, that's incredible. Thanks. I know I'm the most proud of the comeback. Yeah, you should be. It's so great. Yeah. The most. But who, how did you come up with that character? Well, I, I mean, it's a composite of people, honestly. I'm not trying to, you know, be coy, but it just was a composite of, of a lot of different people that, you know, you'd see on talk shows. I had a character at the Groundlings called, you know, your favorite actress on a talk show.


And that's funny. That's funny. And is that a little bit of Valerie Cherish? Well, it was, I mean, 'cause it was way before Valerie Cherish, but can we Speak to Valerie Cherish? No, I'm just kidding. Yes you can. Huh? Welcome to SmartLess. Aw, this is nice. Thanks Oh. my God. You Actually did it. You Actually did. That was actually, I love it. I was being coy. Alright, Valerie. Valerie, are you comfortable being on, on a podcast at all? Or If it's being broadcast? I'm comfortable. It's so funny. Wait. Okay. So it's a little bit of that crown. Well, she says everything like it's a sitcom, right? It's so like a tag.


It's everything. Says is a tag or a button. Wait, what did yeah. Button. Yeah. Yeah. A button right there. A blow. A blow. A Blow. It's so funny. Are you gonna do more of them? My God? I would love to. Well, Why, why can't it be Curb your enthusiasm. You're just doing win a se a a season whenever you want. Yeah. Well, 'cause Larry David can call up HBO and say, all right, I want to do more. Okay. Yeah. The comeback is huge. The comeback was huge. Well, yeah. We'll see. Michael Patrick King is busy with Oh yeah. And just like that, you know, That's, that's sensitivity. What, what is your level of, of of, of effort and, and, and interest in, in, in, in creating new shows, new characters, you know, where does all that sit with you right now?


Where do, where are, where do most of your interests lie? That's such a good question. I mean, I've spent the last few years being really interested in not producing Yeah. And just acting and being cast. Yeah. And so I've done that. It's just none of it has come out yet. Okay. But it will all this year. Is The producing boring? Is it Boring? No, it's not that it's boring. I mean, for me it's just felt Yeah. Kind. It's, it's a lot of work. Frustrating. Nothing. It's laborious for very little payoff. Yeah. Yeah. I, I got tired of making the other people money and big money that way. Right. So there's that. But then also it just felt so fraught. Yeah. You know, also just with like HR issues and things like that.


So I just wanted Okay. I'm not producing. Yeah. 'cause as an actor, everything's done basically. And then you get cast and then you're just a few weeks away from actual shooting. Like, you even skip all the pre-production and all that stuff. Not to mention all the development and the pitching and the budgeting and all of that. It's just like so many different points of the process. It can go wrong. Yeah. And you can be frustrated. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's exactly right. I mean the, I loved, I produced a show. Who do you Think You Are? Which is Oh, is not scripted. It's a I was on it. Yes. Oh. my God That was so, Such a good episode. I mean, it was so fascinating. Yeah.


And I loved doing that. I mean, I loved the research stage. Yeah. You know, wow. The editing and like how you're gonna lay out the story for the person to discover and where the documents are found and you know, that stuff. I loved doing that show, producing that. That's great. And that's it. And, but I mean, everything else is Like, wow. And that's it. Wait, I don't Know. But, but the comeback. Yes. I mean, 'cause I write the Comeback with Michael, so I Just love it. Just love it. It's so good. So wait, really quick. I have something else to talk. I want to talk about Time Bandits. 'cause I love that movie as a kid. And now you're in the series Time Bandit.


Oh, You did? You loved that movie Too. I loved it. I too, I've seen it a ton of time. Yeah. I loved it. Tell Me, I liked it too. I saw it in the theater too. What Can you tell me a little bit? Tika Titi, right? He's directing or wrote it? Or both? Or Both. Tika and Jermaine Clement. Yep. Who, What what about Ian Morris And Ian Morris? Yes. Fantastic. But when I first learned about it was just Tika and Jermaine wrote the pilot and such a good idea. And I went well, I don't care. Yes. Do I need to read it? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Happy With those kind. It's in New Zealand. I've always wanted to see New Zealand. Right. So Yes. They still, they still have the Hobbit V there from Lord of the Rings.


Yeah. Not where we were shooting. That's not where you were shooting. Okay. And I didn't see that. But it would work well 'cause Because I was busy working. Alright, fine. So I didn see much. So Somebody's got a future in locations. Okay. So this is a, this is a, this is a series that you've shot that's, that's yet to come out. It's coming out July, I think. 26th. Nice. On Apple. On Apple. That's so exciting. I love, I can't wait to see it. Oh, I know. I'm trying right now with this system to watch, you know, this pics thing and they send you and Oh yeah. I can Try to watch things on it daily. It's really hard. It's very Difficult. Tell me about like a really, if you can, a really crazy groundling theater story. Like something that went wrong or awry.


Oh God. Fucking Sean. I love It. Fucking bluff. I love it. Because I used to go, I used to do a show at the Groundlings. You did with Yeah. With my friend Darlene Hunt. And we, it was, she is Darling Darlene Hunt. And it was, it was called Ppol Un. No, it was called Sorry. And then something went wrong. Shawnee Name, name of it, name of the show. Doesn't it really Matter that much? And as soon as you wrap this up, we'll get to the answer. Platonically incorrect. Okay. Oh Man. Thank God. We pause and then What happened? Oh, That's good. That's a good title, right? Yeah, it was really good. Always proud of the title. No, I just had to wear false teeth and they kept, they popped up a couple times.


What? No. Fuck. No. But I didn't know if you had anything. 'cause I, because we all know we all have the same friends from the Ground League. We all know a lot of the same people. Yeah. Tim Bagley. It's The stuff that happened backstage. That Was, that's what I'm saying. That's the Best part, you know, 'cause Oh yeah, no, I have a lot of those. 'cause I am always working on my filter with people because I, to me, facts don't hurt, you know? Yeah. So, you know, like letting someone know, like, oh, I don't know about that sketch. It's more of like a Diddy than a sketch. I mean, you just sort of, right. Like, it feels like it belongs on a cruise ship. So this is a recurring theme. So when you go like, oh, you're just like your character.


Like, that's just something you're just your filter. Well, no, but here. Well, But I know I do that. So sometimes that's my joke too. Do you know what I mean? Then I'm being the person with no filter. How about just, you're not full of shit. And I. Think that's great. Thanks Jason. Jason. Like, well, don't change that. I mean, you know, you're not hurting people's feelings. Right? Right. You've got a, you've got a, a filter that keeps you from, from really chopping somebody's legs off. I mean, you know, wills, wills, you know, you, you gotta, you gotta amp it up just a little bit to get to him. Yeah. But, but That I guess was rough. And I didn't think it was rough to say it's, to me it's just a song. But it And I, we were all being asked, what do you think of this piece?


Yeah. To be fair. But, and that, by the way, was Mike Hitchcock, who's hilarious, hilarious. Love Mike Hitchcock genius talent. Yeah. Yeah. And then one time backstage at the Growlings, he came And. he said, I had a dream about you last night. I said, oh, you did? He said, yeah, you threw acid in my face. He's really funny. That guy. I was like, From the thing is that because of the, he's like, That was my dream. Well, speaking of dreams, we've taken up way too much of your time. Lisa, you've, you are dream. You are a dream. Thank you for coming on Honey.


Lisa, We love You. This is so Fun. Thanks. So guys, I Know you, I really enjoyed talking to you. Please say hi. Please say hi to Michelle. I will. Yes. Yeah. Ask him if he, if he needs new wedges. Oh, What's a wedge? Oh, for it's golf Call. A golf Club. Yeah. I saw Michelle twice last week. Oh, you did? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's Got a soaky swing. That's great. I love golf stories. Mm. No, that's another podcast listener. That's sarcasm. Aww all. Liz, we love you. I'm sure we'll see you soon. Yeah. Love you. I hope so. I, Yeah, so great to see you. You're the best. You guys are. Aww, Love you. Bye. Thank you for doing this. Bye.


Bye. Bye. Do I log off? Do I get Yeah, You just slam It or do whatever you want. Okay. Yeah, You can just, Bye Bye. Bye Bye. The great, I think the great Lisa Re do you think anybody ever calls her lk? Why not? I would call, I would call her lk. That, that's a good, We call you JB, but nobody says wa 'cause that's Too much work. No, it's not fun. Yeah, it's tough. You know, s sh not fun. J be kinda like that shitty, like A, like A butler. Like, or some kind of a Yeah. I don't know where I got that from, but maybe I should, but LK is good to say. Right? Okay. Okay. You you should workshop it, man.


Yeah, well we're doing that now, right? Yeah. Listeners, go ahead. Call in while we're still on. And, but, But isn't she good? You know, Jay, you said a, a while ago about Larry David, you were like, boy, you just did, you did Seinfeld then you did Curb Your Enthusiasm. You just did really two things that were, I mean, you did other things of course. Yeah. But two shows that were just hit huge. And she did many shows that hit like, and, and movies and stuff and, 'cause she takes the time to create characters and like specificity of all of that stuff. And she, to me, she's always taken the time and the energy to make something great or make sure it can be great. Yeah. And And I and, and, and the whole, the people I talk to, people I hear from or like just she's universally thought of as just like high taste.


Yes. Really smart comedy. Yeah. Yeah. Which, which comes from being a good actor. I think. You know, I mean, she's, she's, you know, she says that she's not that interested in drama, or at least she said in the beginning she wasn't interested in drama class. I'll bet if she took a dramatic role, which She'd Be great. She probably done. Yeah. She has done. Yeah. But that opposite of shy, she makes you cry real quick. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. She's, she's awesome. And, and just such a talent. Yeah. And she's so it's funny that right, that she plays that character of Phoebe and friends who's sort of kind of out there and whatever. And yet Lisa's so razor sharp, like so smart. Yeah, I know. Razor sharp.


And she got her beginnings, you know, being smart by going to Vassar studying that one science and Working in a doctor's office. Biology Ology. Oh, oh, oh yes. Sorry. Bye Bye. Smart. Yes. Smart Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less.


If you like SmartLess, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


This is it. We've got an Amex Platinum Pro on our hands. Ladies and gentlemen, we haven't seen anyone relax like this before. In the Centurion lounge, is he connecting to complimentary wifi? Oh my. Look at that. He is. And you will not believe where he is going next. The MX dedicated card member entrance for the win. Unbelievable. When You get travel perks with Amex Platinum, you're part of the action. That's the powerful backing of American Express. Turn, apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex.