
Sometimes the most painful part of getting sick is the getting better part. Waiting on hold for an appointment, sitting in crowded waiting rooms, standing in line at the pharmacy. That's painful. Amazon One Medical and Amazon Pharmacy remove these painful parts of getting better with things like 24 7 virtual visits and prescriptions delivered to your door. Thanks to Amazon one Medical and Amazon Pharmacy, healthcare just got less painful.


Rosetta Stone's immersive lessons guide you to think in a new language from day one. There's a reason why Rosetta Stone has been a leader in language education for over three decades. So I'm gonna check in with Scotty about his goals using Rosetta Stone to learn German. And I need to sit down with him and set goals because I can't wait till he starts speaking in German. I think that's really, it's one of the greatest languages in the world. I could riff on that for a while, but I'll just get back to the call to action. Today's SmartLess listeners can take advantage of Rosetta Stone's lifetime membership for 50% off. Visit rosetta stone.com/ SmartLess. That's 50% off unlimited lifetime access to 25 language courses@rosettastone.com slash SmartLess.


While Hilton is always expected to have top notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now. They partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


Hi Guys. Good morning. Welcome. Welcome to another podcast. Hi Sean. Hi Will. And this is me. I'm here too. Hi, it's Jason. Hi. Oh, there he is. Sean. What's up, Sean? Yeah, will. There he is. My guy. Sean, being Sean on the old SmartLess. Welcome to SmartLess with Will and Sean. Ugh, Smart, smart. Bless. Hey, jb, speaking of the sidelines at the game last night, I got a text exchange with, with our buddy Hall of Fame, former quarterback, Peyton Manning.


And he said that I have, I wear a visor better than any non-athlete slash coach. Oh, you, I Would, I Would agree. I Would agree. Because you wear a good visor Too. Yeah. I haven't seen me in one. Mm. Yeah, we could skip it. Yeah, we're good. I can imagine it. Yeah. Yeah. No, you, you do wear a good visor. I you gotta have, you gotta have some, you gotta have your beautiful long hair to, to really pull off a visor or a hat in general. A hat with short hair. It's just too uhoh fifth grade. Yeah. I think he just, he makes us all look a little like little tiny little farts that are late for the school bus.


You mean a visor or baseball hat? No. Any a hat, hat of any sort. I think you need a little hair coming out the back. A little kick. Little kick out. Sean, this is Sean. If this feels like an attack, it's because it is. Yeah. So I get it. I get it. Now what? Now Sean, walk us through. 'cause the hat, your hat situation is loose at best. Yeah. What do you mean? Well, you know, he always wears those hats that you And I Willie we like those sort of, those trucker sort of type of little high top. It's a more of a, a higher crown. Yeah. You, you don't mind you like a slouch. Yeah. No. We like, yeah, I Like a baseball hat. No, I'm talking, We like, but your baseball hats make your head look like a baseball.


'cause they're very round on the top of it. They have no, they have no crown to it. Right. So It's very, we're like to us. Yeah. We're like a shape. We ate Beautiful Wall. I feel like your trucker hats make your heads look square F you bro. Yeah. If You don't, how Dare you Insult us. We just spent 10 minutes insulting you. How dare you insult us. Not the way this works. Hey Sean. Now what is, can you, what is, what is the hat you're wearing today? What is that? The gw Gw Lumbar West High School. The best high school in America in Glen Illinois. Where I Shout out, Shout out. Hey, did you guys ever see the movie Lucas? How Is it the best high school in America? Well, I'm gonna tell you, did you ever see the movie Lucas? Remember Lucas? Yeah. With Cory Hamm.


Winona Writer's first film. Yep. Yes. Charlie Sheen. I feel Like I read for that film. Really? Yeah. Or at least I met, I met with the writer director. I think afterwards I'm Really, I was filmed in my hometown at my high school. I was an extra But you can't see me. That's what I was outta frame. That's okay. That, that means you did your extra job. Well, you know. That's right. You're not, you're supposed to go kind of unnoticed, you know, An art. I committed, I committed off camera. Yeah. Hmm. So h how was dinner on Saturday? Didn't we all have fun? Wasn't it fun? That was really Fun. It was fun. It felt short. It felt like it wasn't quite as long as I wanted it. Well, you left early to 'cause you had a kid pickup to do. I did, but yeah. Did it go on much?


Did you guys get into games at all? No. We didn't do games this year, did we? Oh, no. How Come we don't play games anymore? Remember Shawnee? You used to have a full blown game night at your house. Nobody's Years ago. Nobody's into them. And it's so much work. I can't do it. I can't do it because some people are into it, some people aren't and it's just, yeah. Why Did that go away? I feel like game night was sort of like a big nationwide sort of trend for a while. I mean, we did that, that, that movie too. That was sort of, I Love that Movie. Kind of at the end of it. Dude. Dude, that movie Game Night. I think we've talked about it on here before. If you haven't seen Jason's movie Game Night with Jason and, and Yeah. Run to the theater. Isn't Rachel Adams Could be, if I'm gonna be really honest. I cut it good. I put it on the other night with, with Franny and Maple And I had to turn it off in 10 minutes.


Yeah, you said you didn't like it, But I think it's one of the funniest movies ever. I May have been in a bad mood or something, But I was just like, oh guys, this is, I don't, I, I remember this being better hate, but I thought those guys did a great job with that film. But I I You are wrong. Wasn't for me. You are wrong. That that note. You're wrong. That movie is so funny. And I've seen it a few times. I saw, yeah, I've seen it within the last year. If it's on, I was in a weird mood, maybe I'll watch it. No, But you just, ah, Jesse Clemens. Jesse Clement's in that movie. Incredible, by the way, Billy Magnuson in that, that actor Billy Magnuson. He's So good, So funny. He and Jesse, and obviously you and Rachel mc, Sharon Horgan was awesome at it too.


Sharon Horgan is amazing in it. Sharon Horgen. What a, what a cast. And if I'm leaving anybody out, it's 'cause I, I can't, I gotta watch it again. Oh, And another thing that happened at dinner. Yeah. Jason And I look over to you Will, and you weren't even conscious of it. You had like a bowl or a cup or something and you stuck your finger in it. Yeah. And you were Really Grinding your finger around in a circle to get every last drop or whatever it was. A chocolate syrup right in your mouth. Chocolate Syrup. It was chocolate syrup. It was like you were in prison. It was syrup. It was a, yeah, it was own little bowl dedicated to the chocolate syrup. I guess he had, I guess he asked for it on the side. Yeah. And it wasn't to pour on anything. It was just for him to put his fat finger in it and just stir it around and stick it in his mouth.


Like some kind of I know. Seductive freak. I wasn't trying to do it to seduce anybody I was doing 'cause it was delicious. And as you know, I have timed out my, my weekly cheat meal, one meal to that meal. And it, and it worked out that it happened on, But we're eating over at Jen's three nights a week now. Okay. So, no, I'm not doing it three nights a week. I'm doing it once. All right. Yeah. Speaking of deliciousness, let's get to our guest guys. This is really exciting. You're gonna be blown away. Okay. This is so exciting because this involves science. Great. Yes. Science. Goddamn celebrities on this show. I know. Well, He's kind of a celebrity.


He's an author, a media personality, and the former head of the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification program at the Pentagon. So excited. Oh, what? I must see you So excited. I really Am. I know. Me too. He oversaw counter espionage and counter-terrorism investigations worldwide for the Department of Defense, while also working for the National Counterintelligence executive and the director of National Intelligence very recently. Jason, that's your forte, right? Counterintelligence. Right. Like The opposite. So this is gonna be Get Dumber call me Very recently. And I was watching, and this is like a week or two ago, he was testifying under oath to Congress about the importance of certain, let's call them X-Files being public knowledge.


But today he's talking to us. Dumb dumps. It's the very brilliant and super cool Luis Elizondo. Good morning, sir. Hi. Gentle morning. Yeah, Good morning. It is my honor, privilege to be with you, gents. Likewise. This is so cool. I've wanted to talk to you for years. I think we're so happy you've brought him on. This is, I know, I don't, I know, I know how you're gonna explain all this to us. Welcome in advance. Welcome Sean. Do you want to get right to it? You wanna ask him about the UFOs? 'cause we can wait. No, hang on. Let's just say hi. I'm so excited you're here. God. Yeah. You have just raised the bar you've just made. 'cause we've had idiots like Conan on here a bunch. Oh, this guy and feral. He's familiar with him.


He's the redheaded fellow with the talk show. Just an absolute dingdong. Oh, I, I might have heard of, heard of his name a few times. Investigate him please. By the way. Also, just feel free to get into His, listen, I gotta apologize. Yeah. Guys, for, for, you know, wearing a hat. I know. Unfortunately, I'm one of those guys who has short hair and has to wear a hat. Yeah. Because I have an unusually hemispherically round head. Yeah. And so my wife forces me to wear a hat. She's like, otherwise I look like a bowling ball. So forgive. Look, I listen. Do you, you don't need to be forgive, forgive us. And if anything, you should fight Jason. Obviously he looks like he physically take Care of me. Yeah, I Know, right? No, remind your wife, The goal of the head is to be round.


So tell her to just back off a little. Well, I, yeah, I, I've, I've said that a few times. Unfortunately, you know, after, after 30 years of marriage, I've learned early on Sure. That happy, happy wife, happy life. So Right when she says wear a hat, I, I wear a hat. Isn't that, isn't that the truth? Right. You've really gotta pick your battles if you wanna stay married. Well, I, you just gotta be able to say you are right. Nine times outta 10 if you want to keep it harm. I I always say happy ex-wife, happy life. That to me Is even That applies even more. And, and don't make the mistake of telling them what you're thinking because that is Well, I, I don't have that option. My wife made it very clear to me that if for whatever reason we were ever, ever to have a divorce, I'd have to buy back my own underwear from her.


So. Wow. Okay. Wow. Yeah. IIII, I, I prefer to, I prefer to stay in the current relationship I have right now. Yeah. Pretty ironclad agreement. Sean, You guys, Sean, you guys didn't do that, right? You and Scotty do not share your own personal opinions. You just keep like a nice neutral stance on Everything. Well, you know what's great, you know what's great about being in a gay relationship is like, if that, if our, sometimes I have help called, you know, come over and help with laundry and stuff, and if she mixes up our clothes, I just put 'em on. It doesn't matter. Ah, you're right. Ready? Yeah. That's a good point. That's A good point. It doesn't matter if it's in an opposite drawer or something. I just, whatever. It's Yeah. I, I like the way you say like, help with the laundry. I feel like you're standing there too.


What? But what about the way he said, every once in a while I'll call for some help to come over with the laundry. You mean every once in a while. Like every Tuesdays and Thursdays. Monday. Monday through Friday. Good for you. Or As long as they don Park where the chef parks, everything's All right, by the Way. Anyway, let's get Louis, let's get into counter inte. Inte. Yes. This is so cool. Counter Inte. Yeah. Now I, and thank you in advance for, for slowing things down and really dumbing it up for us because I, like I said, I've been waiting to talk to you forever. I just think it's fascinating what you do and that the, and that you've come forward to wanna explain to us the citizens of this country and people who's ever listening about the things that kind of have been hidden or whatever you've learned.


And, but my first question, 'cause I just watched you on TV in front of Congress, what, two weeks ago or something like that. What is it like to be asked so many questions about UAPs? And please say, explain what UAP means that you either can't answer because of security or, or, or, or, you know, answering truthfully will blow our minds. Yeah. So great question and, and again, thank you very much for having me on this, this wonderful program of yours. Yeah. You know, when you're testifying before Congress and the American people, it's under oath. So you, you definitely need to keep your facts straight and remember that everything you're saying is for the record and it's indelible meaning those words will be there forever, long after I'm gone and, and whatnot.


So it's important that we communicate clearly, but at the same time, you're right, I have a security clearance And I cannot violate that security clearance. The Pentagon was very, very specific with me on what I can and cannot say in an open hearing. And so that's why you saw me a few times when I, when I said, look, I, I prefer to have, have that discussion in a closed session because then we can start talking about some of the, the classified nuances of, of what they're asking me. And by the way, it's, it's, it's a bit of a precarious situation because, you know, if you don't say enough, then Congress feels that they've, it's kinda like fast food, right? You, you feel full, but you're not really satisfied.


You get some information, but you're not really getting what, what you're asking for. Right. But at the same time, you know, if I'm, if I'm overly specific, then I can get in trouble with the US government. I can actually find myself in very significant legal trouble. And, and for the record, I do not look good in an orange jumpsuit. So try to avoid that as much as possible. Right. But If the purpose of the hearing is to gather, you know, information for the public and, and, and sort of, you know, march towards transparency, otherwise, why sit in front of a microphone and share the info. If, if you're not able to get all the information out, then is, is the expectation or the, or the hope is that the public would be pleased with and satisfied with just half the information that you're able to share.


Yeah. Unfortunately, that's not the case. The public's never happy with, with half information. And, And I understand that, you know, frankly, I, I Would get frustrated too, but if you look at this conversation as it's kind of evolved over the last, let's say seven years, I think we've come further in this conversation in the last seven than perhaps over the last 70. Yeah, sure. And none of us had to violate our security oaths. More and more information's coming out every single day. More and more whistleblowers are ready to come out and testify in, in front of Congress and the American people to, to let them know what, what they know about, about legacy programs. And, and the UAP topic, you asked me to define by the way, what UAP is. UAP is basically the new word for the old term UFO or unidentified flying object.


Right? It was changed to UAP some time ago. One was because of the stigma, the taboo and stigma surrounding UFO. Look, anytime you say UFO, people think, you know, Tin foil hats and Elvis on the mothership. And that's what we're talking about. What we're talking about are, are are things that are being intelligently controlled that can fly over controlled US airspace with complete anonymity and potentially over our sensitive military installations and have the ability to even interfere with our nuclear equities. So from a national security perspective, this is a very serious topic. It is a national security concern. But, but there's other aspects to this conversation that if you were to ask me, I Would, I Would submit to you the government has no business being involved in.


So what do I mean? Make a long story short, if I was talking to a three star or four star general about potentially our vulnerabilities with regarding UAP and our nuclear equities, great conversation to have with a three star general. But this is a conversation that affects everybody both equally and a little bit differently. Meaning depending how you were raised and your cultural background, your religious background, this is a topic that affects us from a psychological perspective, right? A theological perspective, a sociological perspective, even a philosophical perspective. And, and in that instance, I, I'm not really comfortable with, with a three star general necessarily dictating to, to me how I should feel about this topic.


I I was a product of the government and you know, there's a lot of things we do right? And then there's some things that we don't do very well. B and and is that because, well, a couple things. Is that because a of their, where their interests lie and, and what, what their motives are and what they're looking to do differ from yours? There's our X, Y, and Z and, and that might not align with you. Is that, is that why That may be some of it. I mean, let's face it, governments are designed to be solution oriented. What do I mean? We pay a lot of money with our tax dollars to make sure that our government has all the information it needs, all the intelligence it needs in order to make an informed decision to protect us. Now, when you have an issue like this where you can see some of the capabilities, but you have no idea the intent behind these things, right?


It leaves people scratching their head. And that's not a really convenient conversation to have with the American people, especially if you are part of the national security apparatus, like the Department of Defense, like the CIA. Right? I'll give you case in point. Back in the 1950s when the CIA first commissioned the U2 spy plane with Lockheed Skunkworks, we wanted to build a plane that could fly higher and faster than anybody else in the world. So we could fly manned reconnaissance missions over mainland Russia, by the way, in contravention to an existing treaty we had with with Russia at the time. So the first few missions went off great. We flew the aircraft, and you know what? The Russians didn't respond.


And so we really thought our plane was invisible. It was flying faster and higher and, and we achieved mission success. It wasn't until the Russians developed the SA two surface to air missile and successfully shot one of our planes down and paraded the captain powers and the wreckage of the aircraft in front of the world and the United Nations. Yeah, I remember that. Did they admit that they were tracking every single one of the flights from the beginning? They didn't even want to admit to their own people that we had a technology that they had no way of defending themselves against. Right. It wasn't until they had a solution did they admit that they had a problem. And look, a lot of governments are that way, guys.


It's, it's not just the United States. It's not just Russia, it's not China. Well, That's just gonna China, that's, Don't you have like a cartoon sign on your right, on your toilet door that says skunk works? Don't do that. Like a skunk is waving. Waving. So that's basically that, that is, that is, that's the purpose of I'm assuming your, your hearing a couple of weeks ago or, or any hearings like that lately where the Congress has questions about what are these and what is the acronym Unidentified. Yeah. So now it's unidentified anomalous phenomenon. It used to be called u unidentified aerial phenomenon. Right? One of the, the, the issues we had actually with UFO, we talk about stigma taboo, but the reality is it's not even accurate because a lot of times we're seeing these things not necessarily even in our atmosphere, we're seeing 'em underwater in low earth orpi where there isn't.


Yeah. So there's not, when we talk about It, yeah. Did you do the thing? Why don't We just say, why don't we just say crazy shit? Like, why, what are we doing? Why Do we need to make, well, we did say that behind closed doors, Like we dress It up, didn't know underwater what, Yeah. Wait, didn't you see the thing, the thing that was released with the little, from the military or from the Navy, right? It was like, dude, we got it on the fucking camera. We got it on the, and it went under the water and it's on camera. What I mean, it's So we have a lot of that footage. And you know, when you talk about flying, there's really, when you understand what flying is, there's four fundamental forces. You have thrust, lift, drag, and weight. And when you understand that you create wings and you create lift and you fly, these things don't have wings. They don't have any obvious signs of propulsion. They don't have rudders and el elevators and ailerons.


Anything that we would normally ascribe to, let's say an airplane or some sort of aircraft or even missile. These things have none of that. And yet somehow they are able to defy the natural effects of earth's gravity. Right? So to say that they're flying, that's not even really accurate. We don't, we don't know how they're, we Don't know what they're, we, we know that they're moving, but we don't know. Jay, you've seen, I mean, look there, I, I have seen, I I I, I don't even pay attention to it as much as Sean has, but I have, we've all noticed in the last 10 years, I guess how much more there seems to be footage of yeah. Of stuff. Now, I will say one thing. We had Neil deGrasse Tyson on four or five years when I, right near the start of doing this POS podcast.


And he talked about the idea that, look, if there was really stuff, considering how many cameras there are in the world, now that everybody's got on their phone, we'd see much more definitive evidence. We kind of, however kind have it. My counterpoint, counterpoint is we are seeing stuff because we're seeing video from airline pilots, military pilots. We're seeing stuff moving through the sky from, I've seen a bunch of those from, I saw the one recently that it looks like a big bot. It looked like a trashcan almost. Do you know the One I'm talking about? That was a trashcan? Was it a trashcan? That was a trashcan. And We will be right back


Looking for relief from cold and flu symptoms this winter. With GoodRx, you can save an average of $34 on prescription cold and flu meds and feel better for less. GoodRx is free. And guess what? It's easy to use. Just search for any prescription on the GoodRx website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check a GoodRx to save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and many, many more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you have insurance, GoodRx could beat your copay price for savings on cold and flu medications or any other prescriptions, check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess. That's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


There are people making the same amount of money as you to the dollar who are not stressed about money. You probably see them all the time talking about their latest vacation to some exotic destination or hosting parties in their freshly renovated Pinterest perfect homes. It makes you wonder, how do they do it? Where does all of my money go with why nab? It goes wherever you tell it to. YA spelled YNAB is a life-changing money app that helps you give every dollar a job so that you know your hard earned money is going towards things you actually care about. The average YAB user saves $600 in their first two months and $6,000 in their first year. 92% of users report feeling less money stressed since using Yap. Yap doesn't just show you where your money went, it helps you tell it where to go so that you can build the life you want. Life is short. Spend it well with Yap SmartLess listeners can claim an exclusive three month free trial with no credit card required@y.com slash SmartLess.


This is a paid advertisement from BetterHelp. Guys, what do you want your 2025 story to be? What do I want my 2025 story to be? I want mine filled with kindness and success for everyone. And gratitude above everything. Gratitude for the big things in life and the little things in life. I think it's important to wake up every single day and find at least one thing that you're grateful for. So every January brings you 365 blank pages waiting to be filled in 2025. Maybe you're ready for a plot twist or maybe there's a part of your story you've been wanting to revise. Life isn't about resolutions that fade by February. It's about picking up the pen and becoming the author of your own life. Think of therapy as your editorial partner, helping you write new chapters and create the meaningful story you deserve to live as the largest online therapy provider in the world. BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Write your story with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. Let me ask you then, sir, is have, without, without asking you to divulge something, you might not be able to, can I just ask you generally, are you aware of enough information that would, that would make you think that there is some there, there, that there is definitely unexplainable, legitimate stuff that you've seen repeatedly? One, 100%. And it's not just me. Look, you've already had, I I don't know how close you've been tracking this topic, but we've already had a former director of national intelligence, a former director of CIA. We also had a two former presidents of the United States all come out and say, yes, this is real.


This is, this is something to this. There are these objects that are able to perform. In fact, the, the director of, so when I left my program aip, there were several iterations afterwards. The current iteration is called Arrow, a a RO, all domain anomaly resolution office. And they are under the Department of Defense and the intelligence community. And they just said last week, they said, look, we, we are seeing things that defy our understanding of physics. It is a fact. We know they are there. We know it is real, whatever it is. And it's something that we, we need to figure out. And don't you think we live in a society now where people just don't care? Like Well, or, or they Can take it back like the way, like we could be visited by them and people are like, sure, whatever.


I gotta go pick up my kids, I gotta run to the grocery store. Right? And, and people are like, there's aliens. Okay, anyway, what's on TV tonight? Like, it's just, it's people just aren't interested. Well, even they were Real. That's, that's a fun Well, we, we've created that as a function. Well, I know Scottie Would probably take The day off from what Yeah, this is true. We, we created that. We, we, we needed to to dumb everybody down in order for, for a lot of different reasons. And it just happens to work. And I it's come very handy for, for this, right? But I mean, if you look at whether, whether it's politics, whether it's what, whatever it is, if people were really aware of what was going on, And I am not a conspiracy theorist at, at all, as you guys could probably attest to, But I do believe, I used to always joke, I'd say, if we want to take over a, a country, you know, one of these things we don't need to drop.


All we need to do are just drop DVDs of our stupid TV shows, right? And just do to them what we've already done to ourselves, right. So that they become slobbering, morons, staring in front of their tv, right? Like Sean and Scotty on it Wednesday night. And then you could do anything. You know what I mean? You could walk into Sean and Scotty's house and you could take everything And they wouldn't move because they're like, look at the Housewives of the Bachelorette. Right? And then we, it's A dial tone coming out their mouths. You know what I mean? Well, I I'll tell you, there's a, that's, that's a an excellent point. I I'll offer a counterpoint to that as well. When I was growing up, if I wanted to learn anything in, in school, I had to go to the library, take out a, a, an encyclopedia that's probably 10 years old by then.


Right? And the thumb through it, maybe I'd find one or two paragraphs on something I was interested in. Now, kids, the new generation have in the palm of their hands. Yeah. More technology, more capability and the ability to, to access the globe virtually, instantaneously. And I, I think they made to some degree even be more prepared. Look, when, when I was in the government, we knew about several studies that your taxpayer dollars paid for. And it was, the conversation went something like this. Are the American people ready to know the truth about UAP, about the reality of UFOs? And time and time again, these studies came back And they said, absolutely not. It'll cause some sort of social discord and it will create havoc and it'll be a destabilizing type conversation.


Right? Now, here we are, seven years into the conversation, and last I checked, nobody's made a run on the banks. Everybody's paying their mortgages. Everybody's still going to PTA meetings. So I, I think this generation, actually, the younger generation may be better equipped to have this conversation to some degree. Because when we were growing up, we had, you know, a lot of Judeo-Christian influence and a lot of basically people saying, look, these are, these are accepted norms, accepted conversations to have. And these are not keeping in mind that we are government placed about 70 years worth of artificial taboo and stigma on this topic. Most of the time, like I said, when you, when you hear the word UFO, you, you hear about, you know, Elvis on the mothership and silly things like that.


Right? And that's not really what we're talking about. What we're talking about are things that have the capability to outperform anything we have in our inventory and have been able to do so for decades. Right? But, but the, but the assumption along with that or the implication is that these things have been sent from a place other than Earth. And so that comes with it as to your earlier point, issues of theology and scientific capability and, and on and on and on and on. Jason, can I, can I offer something? 'cause you said something very, very interesting and when I was at a was, fuck, let's Write it down. Hang on. Yeah, good, good. When I was a figure guy, it was, you know, I was, I was told a a lot that, you know, people really can't, can't handle the truth and and whatnot.


I, I think we can, I think we are in a situation now that is different than when I was growing up. I, I think you mentioned something about these things being from outer space. And when I'm asked, are they from outer space? I say, well, they can be from outer space, inner space, or the space in between. So what do I mean by that? I went to school, by the way, I'm not a conspiracy theorist either. I went to school to, to study medicine. So I grad, graduated as a microbiologist and immunologist and studied parapsychology. Now parapsychology the study of parasites, microorganisms. And I was told it was, if you were to look at modern humans about the last two to 400,000 years, homo sapien sapien, we've been around what we think is a long time.


But in reality, in the grand scheme of things, it's not really that long at all. So if you look at a 24 hour clock, and let's say the beginning of that being, when we first became modern humans, it was only in about the last 15 minutes, the last 2000 years that we realized the two primary forms of life on this planet. And you, the, it was the Greeks that suggested you are either a plant or you are an animal. And it wasn't until the last 10 seconds of our existence, right before it strikes midnight, the last a hundred, sorry, the last 300 years ago during the Renaissance or the days of Enlightenment, that we discovered an entirely new form of life on this planet that is neither plant nor animal. And it was the world of fungus. And so we tap ourselves on the shoulder and say, you know, clever little monkey.


And it wasn't for the last five seconds of our existence. Think about that the last 120 years that we actually discovered the true alpha life form on this planet that's been, been here all along. In fact, if you take all the biomass of every, every plant, all the biomass of every animal, and all the biomass of every fungus, and add it up together, it still does not add up to the biomass of this hidden life form that's been here all along. And it wasn't until we could curve glass and put in a little metal tube and famously shout the words Little beasties, little beasties did we discover the world of microorganisms? And so they, it is, is it possible that these things were dealing with are just as natural to earth as we are?


Well, it's certainly a possibility. Could be things be from underwater. Well, it's certainly a possibility. We, we, we know more about the surface of the moon than we do our own oceans. We have mapped less than 10% of the ocean floor. Are these things, could they be from outer space? Sure. Could they be interdimensional? And I don't mean interdimensional in kind of a woo woo sort of way. I mean, from a quantum physics sort of way Right. Where a lot of our reality actually lies. So, you know, fascinating. You know, it's, it's, it, it's a great question to suggest like Traveling through black holes that we might not even see yet. Absolutely. Quite possible, right? Yeah, yeah. We are learning more about space and time and the relationship that space and time is flexible. It's compressible. It's stretchable.


Yeah. And how, how, how likely is it that the UAP technology, are these things that you're discovering or we're discovering is mistaken for technology from other countries? You know, is that a possibility as well? So it is, but, but here, here's the problem. Let's say this is a Russian, for example, Russian technology. Yeah. That would mean that despite all the billions of dollars that we invest into our intelligence community, someone somewhere has developed this, this technology in secret has been able to deploy it over our controlled US airspace. And there's not a darn thing we can do about it. So that would be equivalent to the greatest intelligence failure this country has ever endured.


Eclipsing that of even nine 11 by an order of magnitude. Right? Let Me just say this, let me just interject and say that I doubt it's Russian. This is the same country that's, that's hiring mercenaries from Yemen to go and do some of their bidding in Ukraine. Right? Right. So I I I'm, I'm, yeah, they're highly doubtful of it. Yeah. Will, let's, let's look at it temporally, right? So let's 1950s, we, we've been dealing, there's documentation right now that anybody can go out and look at from the US government from 1950s, early fifties that we've been dealing with this. Now where were we? We had just entered the atomic age. We had barely broken the sound barrier and we hadn't yet been into space. Where were the Chinese? Well, they're in the middle of a famine. And where was Russia? They were just developing the atomic bomb for themselves, still using, you know, proverbially, horse-drawn buggies to deliver it.


So that would be like walking into King touch tomb for the very first time in the 1920s and discovering a fully assembled 7 47 jet plane sitting inside the tomb. Right? Right. It doesn't make sense. Right? Right. Are you, are you, are you, what's your level of confidence that we're going to learn something definitive? Gonna ask that before us. For what? 50 year olds die. Well, well as part as Sure. JB as part of that. What, what is your level of confidence that you're gonna be able to divulge some of what you know and then also reveal more soon? Well, I, I think we are well down that path.


I think we are having that conversation now within the legislative branch and the executive branch of our government. Politics aside, you know, whether you're liberal or conservative, doesn't matter. This is a truly a bipartisan issue. And I have seen both the Democrats and Republicans who would never, ever, ever even exchange glances with each other are literally sitting side by side having lunch Yeah. Talking about this topic. That's right. Well, I'm bipartisan curious, by the way it should be Noted, are, are you implying that there is something to know? And the, and, and the, the, the question only is when are we going to agree to let the public know it? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's exactly what I'm saying. There is something, Something to know that we, that we're not being told.


Absolutely. Oh, that's, that's, I, I testified before the American people and, And so did, If I told you right now that we're not recording and, and just, and, and just between us and we're just gonna chill. We're All chill, but We'll Cut this out. We'll cut this out. How does that, I mean, you know, you look at, I I won't even say people's names, but there are certainly people in the government or about to be in the government that would love to be the one Yeah. That tells everybody finally this answer. Like, how has that not happened in a world of everyone sort of violating their NDAs and all that stuff? I can't believe somebody in the government with this, with this clearance hasn't popped off and written a book anonymously or something and said, here's all the goods.


Well, people have, and un and unfortunately there have been very serious repercussions for doing it. There have been attacks on the credibility attacks, on the reputation. Some of us have been physically threatened. Unfortunately, there, there is really the darkest Oh, absolutely. There is a, definitely, one of my colleagues, Dave Grus, who testified last year was, was ripped to pieces. Unfortunately, some people in, in the CIA a had leaked some dossier of his and it made it, within 24 hours of him testifying, it was headline news that, that he, he sought some psychological counseling for PTSD. The attempt was trying to smear his credibility when in reality he was doing exactly what he was supposed to do as a, as a combat veteran.


But they tried to use it against him. It was reprehensible, but, well, It's unfortunate. 'cause it seems like now more than ever, we could really use something like this to really kind of shock everybody into this recognition of, of unanimity and that, that we're all humans on this one planet. Even given all of our sort of micro differences, the macro similarity is that we're all human beings regardless of party affiliation or all that stuff. And something like knowledge that aliens exist or something like this would, might maybe just snap everybody into like, oh, we're all one. Well, that's Some other, whether, whether it's aliens or that there's, that there's something else that exists that is beyond our, because it's not even a thing or a spacecraft or, or a ship or whatever, but just something that we can't even conceive of that idea, the thing that the human brain can't even, that we can't imagine.


Yeah. It Would Right. Size our differences. Yes. Beyond our cre, beyond our minds to create, you know, that idea. Well, I am, you know, cautiously optimistic you Could do that for America right now, I think I, I I think there's a, a lot of, you know, the truth shall set you free as an old slogan from one of the agencies I used to work with. And, you know, I believe that that truth is, is, and, and transparency is the best, you know, sunlight right? Is the best disinfectant. I I think, I think America can handle the truth on this topic. But I will tell you, there is some parts of this conversation that are very uncomfortable for some people because it, it may challenge some people's preconceived notions of, for example, their religion or the notion of, of certain government's preeminence, right?


When, when people realize that maybe we're not the alpha life form necessarily Yeah. That could create a lot of anxiety for some people, You know, God forbid, Right? So now they have to reconcile, well, you know, maybe we aren't the top of the food chain per se, civil Unrest. Right? What does that mean For us? Well, think, think about it. Think about this. I was just, I was just watching, I, I was just reading a thing. Another thing, Jonathan ha the guy who's, who's been doing all this stuff crusading against phone usage with our kids, et cetera, he wrote that anxious generation amazing. But one of the things he was talking about was this idea that we're so nervous about letting our kids play, and now they've increased the age parents have, that they're comfortable letting their kids play outside to like, on their own to like 12 years old or whatever, because they're so nervous about it.


And I think about that and we've gotten increasingly nervous about allowing ourselves, And I think about that idea. So imagine people are afraid to let their kids play outside until they're now 12 years old, whatever. Imagine the idea of turning upside down everything, not just about your religion, everything that you think this will affect you, the way you look at interpersonal relationships, this is, will look at, this is an exist interplanetary religion. It's an existential question. Right? It'll look, you know, forever people through art, through music, whatever. People are always talking about looking for, why, why am I here, the great Greek philosophers, what is it all about? Blah, blah, blah. Guess what you're about to find out.


Here's what it's all about and it's gonna fucking blow people's minds. Right? Right. Throw out everything, throw out your drugs. You don't need 'em anymore. Right. You know, you know, from a, from a national security perspective, I had, this is a, let me see if I can give you an, an example of some of the conversations I had with some of the generals in the Pentagon about this topic. Because the first thing to ask me is, Lou, is is it a threat? Yeah. I was just Gonna say like, what is the national threat? Yeah, Yeah. So my response is, we don't know, but he, here's the bottom line in order to determine if something is a threat, it's a very simple calculus from a national security perspective, it's capabilities versus intent. Now we've seen some of the capabilities. We have no idea the intent.


So let me give you a little analogy here and I'll, I'll just start with you will, let me ask you a quick question. I'm sure you live in a, a beautiful neighborhood, wonderful house, right? Do you lock your front door at night before you go to bed? I do. Oh yeah, I do too. And you know what I, I Would submit to you that probably most people do, even though you, we, you don't expect anything bad to happen. Let's say one night you go ahead and you lock your front door and you even take the extra step to make sure your windows are locked and you punch in the code security code to your keypad for your alarm system, and you go to bed, and now you wake up one Sunday morning, come downstairs and have a nice hot cup of coffee or tea. And as you walk downstairs, you notice size 11 muddy bootprints in your living room carpet that were not there the night before.


Sorry. Now, right. So there no one's been hurt, nothing's been taken. But despite you locking the doors and the windows and turning on the alarm, there are now muddy bootprints in your, in your living room that were not there the night before. So my question to you is, is that a threat? So my response is, it could be if it wanted to be. So we better figure out how it's getting into the house. This is the same rationale from a national, national security perspective. We see these things coming into our airspace. There's not a darn thing we can do about it. They seem to be able to interfere with their nuclear equities, And they are very interested in our military capabilities. Is that a threat? Well, it could be if it wanted to be. So we gotta figure out, Right? We don't know until Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


That's interesting. It's more, it's, it's almost like the equivalent is is almost like in in the Godfather with the horse head in the bed. It's, it's like, you know, we could do this. We could do whatever we want. We're just letting you know we're here, we're rattling your cage. And then now look, they might not, we, we, we might turn, but they might even think about, so, well, we might even turn out to be so primitive that they're like these, these ding-dongs think that we're threatening them, but we don't need to threaten them. We're just looking around and we Right. And they're so, you know, we're just like these little peons who are like Right Reacting. Are there protocols or, or, or, or, or, you know, safety measures in place for dealing with a possible whatever, Muddy boot, Muddy boots.


There, there, there, there are, you know, we, we, we do a lot of war planning in, in the Pentagon for contingency planning. So mops are ready. But, but it's, look, let me give you another example, Willie, you just said it could be just like us flying in a helicopter over the Serengeti looking at the wildebeest, right? Yeah. And let's say we go a step further and we dart, we decide to dart one and we tranquilize it, and we land the helicopter and we pull blood from it. And we we're, you know, looking at its, its migratory patterns and its health and whatnot. Can you imagine from the perspective of that wilder beasts, now all of a sudden it wakes up, it kind of, you know, waddles over to the, to the watering hole. And it's like, bill, you're not gonna believe this man, but yeah, yeah.


But I was just sitting there by myself. All of a sudden something came down from the sky, right? All of a sudden people were touching me and things were happening to me, and now my butt hurts. Right? Yeah. Yeah. I had a similar experience, by the way, I'm not joking. The other night I was driving And I saw a, a, a, a coyote, or a coyote as some people say erroneously. And I, I was driving right, right here near my house. And I saw this coyote and he was whipping along the street because I was driving my car, but he was freaking out. And, and then he, and then he kind of got outta my way and, and then I was past him, I kind of slowed down and he went behind me, blah, blah, blah. And I was thinking at that time, I was like, oh, silly little coyote, I'm not gonna hurt you. Yeah. And I, And I thought like from his perspective, he's like, oh my god, this huge machine with lights and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


Yeah, for sure. And there I am. And I don't realize that I'm the coyote and I'm probably more scared and dumber than that coyote in the grand scheme of things. Or we are Right.


We'll be right back. It's time for some super cuts, super stats. Do you know there are nearly 2000 super cuts salons? There's pretty good odds you drove by a Supercuts today. Are you in the car right now? Look, super cuts. Every minute, more than 40 people get their hair cut at super cuts. 40 people will look and feel better by the time this ad is finished, thanks to an incredible haircut from an expert Supercuts stylist. But here's what should really blow your mind. Last month, 40,000 people left a Google review for super cuts. Wait, it gets better. Those 40,000 people rated super cuts, 4.8 out of five stars, basically perfect. Every month is like that. 40,000 people, 4.8 Supercuts wants your feedback too, because while no guest is a statistic, statistically speaking, you're gonna love how Supercuts makes you look. And guess what? Get $2 off when you join their email list@supercuts.com, then check in online or just walk right in.


Trusted by doctors and healthcare professionals since 1995, Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega provides foundational support for heart and brain health immune system function, And so much more. More than 80% of Americans don't get enough Omega-3 fats from their diet. That's a problem because the body can't produce Omega threes an important nutrient for cell structure and function. Nordic Natural solves that problem with their bestselling ultimate Omega fish oil made exclusively from 100% wild caught fish. Nordic Natural's fish oils are friend of the sea certified and sustainably made in a zero waste facility. They're also non GMO and third party tested meeting or surpassing the strictest international standards for purity and freshness. Want proof? You can visit their website where they provide certificates of analysis for every one of their products. So I take Nordic Natural's, ultimate Omega Fish Oil because I was tired of running into the same guide walk. I'd go around the corner, some guy goes, are you mal nutritious? You look terrible. And then I start taking Nordic Natural's, ult Ultimate Omega Fish Oil. And the next day he goes, are you taking Nordic Natural's Ultimate Omega Fish oil? And I was like, sure. Thank you, sir. And, and then I realized that person was in my mind, these statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. nordic.com/ SmartLess


Hey gang, Jason here. I I, I don't know how you're feeling right now, but I'm feeling real energized. You wanna know why I'm feeling energized? I started my day, yes, with coffee, But I started with Rise Mushroom Coffee. Now this stuff, it doesn't get me jittery, it just gives me that energy that I need, that need, that little lift, that little hand that helps pull you up out of the bed, props you up and gets you walking one foot in front of the other. Right? 'cause nobody likes that jittery feeling from drinking too much regular coffee or experiencing that mid-afternoon crash. Unlike regular coffee rise, mushroom coffee helps you stay energized and focused while supporting your overall wellbeing so you can more fully embrace the day. It's, it's unique. It's a powerful blend of six functional mushrooms that help with all day energy, sharper focus, healthy digestion, and immune support. Try it for yourself. You'll see that little mushrooms go a long way. And with over 150,005 star reviews, odds are you won't be disappointed. And hey, if your golf game gets better after drinking rise mushroom coffee, well, we can't say that's from the mushrooms, but who, who really knows, right? Try Rise Mushroom Coffee with 15% off your first order@risesuperfoods.com slash SmartLess. That's RYZE superfoods.com/ SmartLess. Don't just wake up, awaken with rise.


And now back to the show. Luis talk at, talk to Will and Jason about the animal mutations. Yeah, because that's crazy. Yeah. So I, I actually had the, the privilege of speaking to an individual in Montana. He works for the US Department of Agriculture and is a one of the senior bovine veterinarians in Montana. And he is particularly concerned of what you refer to as cattle mutilations. It's been going on for decades where farmers here in the United States and around the world have been having some of their livestock completely and totally gutted and disemboweled without any blood loss.


In some cases, it looks like the, the wounds have been cauterized instantly by some sort of laser, no blood loss in other cases, very perplexing. One in particular I heard about up in Montana where the only thing that was missing from the animal was the tiniest little bone from inside the ear. So when you look at, at natural predation in nature, you can expect, like you just talked about a coyote, for example, you can see puncture wounds in, in animal flesh. You can see how, how the canines and the incisors will tear away flesh. That's not the case here. These animals, in some cases, with surgical precision and a knowledge of anatomy, their sexual organs have been removed.


In some cases, their brains have been removed. Again, no sign of predation, no blood loss. It's as if someone came in with a laser scalpel and just decided to remove certain, certain portions of the animal and while leaving the rest behind. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is, I mean, first of all, who knows everything? Who's, who's the one person other than Sean, who's guessing everything? Who, who knows? Is there one or is there a body or is there a body of people who are sitting there going a, laughing at us for worrying about elections and all that stuff? Just saying, guys, you are spewer wasting your goddamn time on the wrong thing.


And who, who are those people? Yeah, is there, is there a department that knows everything that there is to know? So historically, the CIA and the Air Force had managed this effort for the US government, and then you had some special operations units like Joint Special Operations Command, JSO, who also appeared to have had a, had a piece of it and Department of Energy to say that there's one particular group that had all knowing or all encompassing insights into this. I, I don't think so. I know that there were, when I had our program aip, there were, there was discussions in the hallways of a much older program, a legacy program that was involved for many, many years in this topic and really was involved in what we call now crash retrievals and trying to exploit that technology.


But again, we get back to intent, don't we? Right. We can look at something all day long from a nuts and bolts perspective and still not have any idea its intent. You know, 1, 1, 1 way to look at this too, people say, well, is it possible? There is no intent like artificial intelligence, it's just binary. It's just doing what it does. Yeah. That's absolutely a possibility as well. You know, intent seems to be a very human thing. And when I say intent, I don't mean motivation. You know, when a shark bites a surfer, its intent isn't to hurt the surfer. The motivation is that it's hungry and it wants to eat right? Humans are really some of the, and, and some, some advanced primates are really the only animals on this planet that have true intent.


Where we, we can manipulate things in order to achieve whatever our, our intention is. Are we dealing with something that is not only very, very smart, very intelligent, but also has intent or is that more of a uniquely human thing? Right? So these are all questions that are, that are being asked philosophically from some of the scientists that are, that are still part of this effort. By the way, we had some of the best theoretical physicists and astrophysicists and mathematicians and scientists in our program. So Based, based on, And I, I think I asked this before And I apologize if you gave me an answer, I probably just didn't understand it, but based on your knowledge of the current pitch of understanding, do you anticipate having some answers before we die?


Absolutely. No. I, I think within the next three to five years, you're gonna have a heck of a lot more clarity on this stuff. That's what All the pharmaceutical companies say too. We'll have a cure in three to five years. All right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, do you think ai, do you think AI will help with some of this intelligence gathering? It's already, yeah, it is. Already. We we're using it to, to actually look at deep fake videos to determine if A-A-U-F-O video is real or faked. Right? And that's important when you're briefing members of Congress, right? You gotta be a hundred percent accurate and if not, it, it, it could blow. That is, Is AI gonna be able to ask tough questions that we can't or, or sort of sift through not just images, but, but information we don't Even need to know to ask.


Yeah. Yeah. So artificial intelligence, unfortunately, its limitations are, it's only as good as its teacher, right. And his teacher tends to be humans. What you Prompted. Yeah. Right, Sean? Well, Sean used to think that artificial, artificial intelligence was when he drank smart water, and he thought, like, he's like, if I just drink, if I drink enough of it, trying so hard, if I drink enough of it, You would think with our current level of like global surveillance that like, like every corner of this world has got a camera on it via satellite. So it would think that there wouldn't be any flying around this planet that goes undetected or, or unmonitored or, or stored or something. Is that, was that a safe assumption?


Unfortunately, no. With all due respect, what, when, when we actually started calibrating our ra, our, our, our radar systems to look for UAP, something very interesting happened. About a year and a half ago, we started tracking Chinese balloons that were wafting over the northern hemisphere and, and, and continental United States, if you remember the stories about these surveillance? Yeah, I remember that. They've been there a long time. The bottom line is we really don't have a very good handle on our, what we call us aero domain awareness. We're supposed to, but the sad truth is we don't, there's a lot of things in our skies that we do not have any visibility into. And that's part of the problem with UAP, because, you know, potentially you, you could have a near air c collision, and we've had this before with both private pilots and also in some of our military pilots.


Right. I I read that too, because These things are potentially made of, of, of material that we haven't programmed our detectors to detect. It's a little more complicated than that. Let me see if I can break this down for you. Just from some of the performance performance parameters, there's, there's five fundamental observables that we have noticed from an intelligence perspective that puts this technology leaps and bounds beyond anything we have. So the first observable is instantaneous acceleration. That's the ability to move from point A to point B very rapidly. Now, a human being like me, we can withstand about nine G forces wearing a GSU for a short period of time before you start suffering medical consequences like blackouts, readouts, and ultimately death.


So if you compare that to, let's say the general dynamics F 16, right? The, the F 16 can can pull about 16 to 17 GS before you start having structural failure, meaning the, the airframe starts to disintegrate around you. What we are seeing are things that are doing 1000, 2000, 3000 G-Force. That's crazy. Well beyond anything that we have. And then you have the other observable, which is hypersonic velocity. That's five times the speed of sound, or roughly five times 763 miles an hour at C level roughly. So you're looking at about 3,200 miles an hour. Now, do we have technology that can go that fast? Yes, we do. The, the Lockheed YF 12 a SR 71, the Blackbird for example, can do about 3,200 miles an hour at the unclassified level.


But when it wants to take a right hand turn, it takes roughly half the state of Ohio to do it. And yet what we are seeing are things that are not doing 3000 miles an hour, they're doing 10,000, 13,000 miles an hour, And they can execute immediate right angle turns in one eighties. Right. Wow. So these are some of the things that when you see them, you realize, okay, this is not our technology. This isn't Russian. Right? Right. This isn't Chinese, this is something completely different. What's the weirdest thing you've come across that you still can't explain? How about that? You know what he just said? I know, Of course, frustrat, But I mean, there's Something frustrat not to not understand that technology. 'cause my God, we could, I bet you that could just solve so many things for us to, to just have technology like that and engineers like that.


I, I, here, here, here's, here's what I suspect a little bit, And I think, Sean, this is good news for you, uhoh. Oh God, I think that back in the day, back in the seventies, that that, that some of these, some of these entities, these unknown entities, if you will, tried to soften the blow of, of, of blowing our minds by, by, by slow playing it, seeding, slow playing, and through stories, through storytelling, Stark, battle circle, ect, Star Wars, And they went And they, they got into George Lucas's brain. And so my point is this, Sean, you might get, you might get to tattooing after all, after all this, you might get to fucking tattooing.


I'll Go, I'll fucking go. But, but you, but you think that we've got a shot. You think with even within the next three to five years, maybe get, get, get a significant breadcrumb here that can satisfy some of our curiosity and some explanation. What's the holy Grail of that, of what Jay's saying? Like what's the holy grail piece of Evidence? Well, you know, you don't, you don't want to share technology and insight into, into breakaway technologies knowing that there are rogue nations out there and non-state actors that would love to take that technology and do something bad with it. Right? So that's terrifying. Imagine being able to fly over the White House completely anonymously and instantly and do whatever you want, then leave.


That's not exactly the a, a, a good news situation for our national security. And so that's, that's priority number one, right? How do you, how do you have this conversation while keeping it out of the hands of people who don't wanna do good things with it? Then you have other issues. How long have we, have we known about this and how long have we kept it from the American people? There's liability there. There's, there's a very significant problem. For example, look at this from a business perspective. You have company a aerospace, company A and aerospace company B. Someone in the government decides to take a very interesting piece of material that was found during a crash and gives it to company. A meanwhile, 10 years later, company A becomes a multi-billion dollar aerospace corporation.


Company B goes bankrupt, and now 200 jobs are lost. And people, investors now lose their money on the stock market 'cause a company goes belly up. You know, there, there's like, there's security exchange committee, there's SEC violations on doing that. You have to, in the government, you have to give everybody a fair chance to compete. And when you give an unfair advantage to company A over company B, there could be billions of dollars worth of liability in that alone, right? And then you have the problem where people in government were telling people, members of Congress, nothing to see here, folks. Meanwhile, all along, there was a lot to see here we were actually investigating this and we, we learned a lot about it. What do you, do? You, let me ask this, see how I'm gonna phrase this. Do you, have you been exposed to enough information in your life that, that what you, what you think you know, or what you do know or what you've heard about or been exposed to that were the circumstances different?


That if we just knew that much, that we'd all be blown away? Stuff that you're not willing or can't talk about? Can you even say that? Yeah, Yeah, sure. I, I, I absolutely there is, but let me, let me just give this a very, in a term that everybody will understand here. We live in an incomprehensibly complex universe. And in fact, we judge our universe by the five fundamental senses, which we have, which is, if you can't touch it, taste it here, it, smell it, et cetera, we can't interact with it. And yet, if you have the ability to look at this world around you through something as simple as cell phone vision, and now you could see in 5G and in wifi and GPS, you would see an entirely different reality around you.


For example, I, I live here in Wyoming, beautiful occluded night skies. But if you look at that same portion of the night sky through, let's say infrared, you will see nebula, you'll see a whole different reality in front of you. That's, that's just as real as the reality you live in now. Right? In fact, maybe even more real, the problem is we can't interact with it. The, the way we look at the universe through vision alone is only 0.003, 5% of the entire electromagnetic spectrum, meaning most of the universe remains hidden because it lies within a frequency beyond what we can perceive. And then you've got the other challenge of size. So as, as big as this universe is, most people don't really understand just how, by the way, Just, just to interrupt, Jason still applies size doesn't matter.


You're good. It doesn't matter. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank You. Okay. I won't comment. I just, I saw him getting nervous because he's been told so many times He's fine. That I'm fine. Right. Louis, tell tell me before, before I let you go, because by the way, this has been, it's mind blowing. I know, I know. Mind blowing. It's incredible. You have a book called Imminent, which I'm getting, it's, it's inside the Pentagon's Hunt for UFOs. It's, I it's called Imminent. And I haven't read it, but I want, I can't wait to read it. And, and you wrote it your, what was your wife wife's reaction? I think you, I I wrote that. Yeah. Let's just say my involvement in the UFO program went over like a lead balloon.


Sure. Mrs. Elizondo was not very sure very happy about that. To just To, to to, to go back to what you were talking about, and, And I don't mean to oversimplify it or, or, or make it too brief, but are you, are you basically saying that the, an answer to your question to will, the stuff that you do know that you're not able to share with us, that you, you, you are convinced would, would blow our minds. That the, the sort of the, the context of that, the root of that lives in what you're talking about, which is the stuff that's amazing is kind of like all of this stuff We can't see, like cell cell towers or radio frequencies and television stuff that's going through the air that we can't see.


It all kind of lives in there. And then eventually we're gonna kinda learn about this stuff that yeah, there's all this stuff around and we just have never seen it. 'cause you can't see it just like cell tower technology Space in between. Yeah. In essence, you know, look, today's technology was yesterday's magic, and that's just the fact, right? And, and what we consider paranormal by, by the definition of science, everything in science is paranormal until it becomes normal. Right? That's just the, the world we live in. And so, right. We have to, we have to recalibrate a little bit how we think about things and how we look at ourselves and our place in the universe. Like I said, you know, imagine this universe being a hundred billion light years across and we're this tiny little speck, you know, in the middle.


And as big as that seems, if you look at one hydrogen molecule, avagadro's number one times six something times 10 to the negative 23rd, that's roughly the same order of scale guys. Meaning as small as we are to the universe, if you compare an atom to our body, that's roughly the same order of magnitude. That's right. That we Right. As a species can only interact with one or two degrees order of a magnitude up or down, otherwise the universe is simply too big or too small. Right. Right. And we'll never be able to interact with it. I love that. So I think that's fascinating. Yeah. And That's where most of reality lives. Yeah. Wow. Now final question, Luis, what's the story? Can You explain why Sean and Scotty won't go past five block radius from their house?


Is is there, is this related to that? It's a microcosm. Yeah. We're, We're the mic, we're the, we're the atom of our neighborhood. Yeah. Right. Okay. Final question, Luis. What's a talent or skill people would never expect you to have? Because oh my God, you Got any theater Stories? Yeah. Have any theater stories ever? Forget your line on stage. Okay, so there's, there's three things that, that, so despite looking like, I'm from Iowa, I'm actually Cuban, so I, I that's, I speak Spanish And I, I, I'm Hispanic, so we do three things coming outta the womb quite well. One is we smoke cigars quite well. We kind of, it's genetic for us. I guess two, we can dance salsa and merengue pretty well. There you go. And the third thing I probably can't discuss over the airwaves is probably not appropriate, but those are kind of the three things that Good for you.


As Latinos, we Good for you. Nice. Sure. That's great. Nice. Can you once and for all also say that definitively that, because Sean said at the, in the opening that, By the way, I was talking about drinking rum. Anybody Question? No, I know. I know. Course, course. For sure. For sure. Good for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just wanna make sure I clarify that. But John went to say that is that whatever, you know, Gwyneth w Walston High School or whatever in Glen Illinois The best, Glen best, But it's not whatever, it's not the best. Right. And we can, we have evidence it best to support This. It's kind of the best. Don't answer that, Louis. Don't answer that. Pleasure. I plead the fifth. It's a pleasure having you on. What a pleasure. I've watched you in documentaries, I've watched you in con at Congress. It's, I just think what you're doing is incredible and, and thank you for Yeah, keep it going please.


And by the way, part, thank you for your service to the country as Well. Yeah gentlemen, it's always a team effort. Thank you very much. By the way, my two daughters who also work for the government are huge fans of you guys. Oh. Tell them when they found I was to Oh, I absolutely will. When I, when I told them I was gonna do your show, I think both of 'em were about to jump out the window. They were so excited. Very. Can You, can you also make, this is, if you get the green light to kind of like divulge a bunch of stuff, will you just give us a heads up real quick? Yeah, Yeah. We really wanna Know. We're so curious about, We love breaking news on this show. You, you have my word. Yeah. But we'll be sure to pick up your book and thank you imminent for spending some time. Yeah. Thanks Lisa Guys, I appreciate it. Look, I didn't come on here to plug a book, just wanted to have a conversation.


No, I did guys, of Course. I love you. Appreciate it. Yeah. But if there's anything you guys ever have any questions, let me know. Thank you Sir. Okay, thanks buddy. We got a Lot. We got a lot to meet You. Alright, thank you. Enjoy Your day. Take care, Joe. Bye-bye. Wow. Wow. Isn't that that great? Wow. Wow, wow. Hey, look, can, can we make a commitment that we're gonna have more, more non-actor on this show? Yeah. I said to Will last week. I was like, you're gonna, you fucking love this guy. I know Sean. I couldn't get, I was trying to think. You kept saying you were trying to send me, you were like, you're gonna go crazy. You're gonna love, And I You were so, But you'd never seen Luis in in in No. Like documentaries or anything. No. Yeah. And he's always in, I dunno What kind time you think I have. Yeah, man. What's you think?


I'm just like going down wormholes on YouTube for Yeah. Congressional reports. Hey, it was interesting in front of Congress this week, by the Way, the other day I was reading in bed in the middle of the day. I was on a Saturday, so I was just enjoying myself. Yeah. And Abel said, my 14 year year, he is like, Hey Bubba, we're texting. He's in the house. And he goes, where are you? And I go, I, I go, I'm in my bed reading and he just writes nerd, Nerd. Hey, that, that guy, I gotta tell you, man, you know, as we start to get more and more of these bigger breadcrumbs about what is and what isn't, I think we're gonna find a little bit more what is, and it is going to make us feel appropriately smaller and more naive and more humble.


And I, I'm, I think I'm, I'm ready for that. I I bet you most of the world is ready for that and can bear a little bit of Sean, You're ready. I mean, you've, you this, you live in this world. You wanna know, but, but are you worried, are you worried that that, that there might be information that will blow your mind too much? No, I don that. That's could have fucking change. I don't think so. Well, I think, I think, look, I there some people want to know some. I think that information like this, I think that it runs the risk of really bifurcating, There's too much of a sentence left afterwards. Okay. Sorry.


Don't accept it. Okay. You should have said the sentence and then said Now that would be very, There's a lot of it might bifurcating bi. Okay. Bye. Smart, smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart last.


Hello friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.