
Hello, friends, Jason here. We are so excited. The Smartlist has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars, Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars, okay? Not flying cars. But as soon as those get invented, they'll be on Autotrader Snap. But they do have extensive search features. And Kelley Blue Book, my Wallet, a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So whether you want something practical with no surprise costs or the latest trends, if you see a car you like, find it on Autotrader.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase Plus, shop weekly member deals and get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lows.com/terms subject to change.


1, 2, 3. Go. Talking on a podcast. Podcast. Talking on a podcast. Podcast. Talking on a podcast. Podcast. Yeah. Welcome to Smart. Let's welcome to smart. Let's on a Smart, smart, smart. Bless. Did you guys, did you guys see each other last night? Did you have a fun day? Yeah, We did. We had a little Grammy watch party. Yes. It was Really Fun. Oh, you did, you did a full I almost called in. I almost did a call in. 'cause I miss everybody. I know. We miss you too. Miss you. Well, I, we, you, I, you know, you're, when are you back?


You're not back for what, two more months? I'm, no, I'm coming back tomorrow for a few days, but I'm gonna miss this weekend. I know. This weekend is a thing up at the place for, for a friend and, and I can't, yeah. I'm not there either. I can't go. 'cause I'm Really bummed You're gonna go, right. No, I'm not. I can, I I go to London tomorrow. Oh, you're gonna to London tomorrow. You start tomorrow. No, no. That, that, No, but I mean, you, you start your journey, your process. Journey. Yes. Do you have a complicated character you're playing in this next job, Shawnee? Not at all. No. So no homework, no process? No. I mean, yeah, I'm, because I'm a nerd. I, I do all that stuff still, but it's Tell wait, wait. Give us a slight little window into that. What's Well, it's the same look. Can We say hi to your character?


Yeah. Couldn't he make a visit with us? Sure. Let me see. Go ahead and Do you have a question for him? Hey, Good morning. Yeah. How are you today? Oh, Oh, oh. He's a, that's him radio personality. That's, No, he is a game show host. Oh, Really? Oh, Okay. Yeah. And what's his, what's his name? His, I don't know his name. It's just game show host. Oh, his name. Just host. Okay. Yeah. So host. How are, how are we doing today? I'm not doing this. It's so icky. It feel. I was just Shy. I will he get shy. Could you imagine? Wait quickly.


And this is universal. You're going overseas. You're flying, you're taking a night flight. Are you going to eat the meal on the plane? Will you eat on the plane? JB will you eat the airline food? I Gotta stay alive. Yeah. I do like the airline food. You do? It's gotten better over the last 50 years. Yeah. I had heard a rumor that theys stock it full of stuff to, to stop you from pooing. Hmm. What? To stop you up, you mean? Yeah. There's There's a binding element to all plain food. Sure. A binding element. 'cause they don't want, they don't want people taking trips. People like Sean and Scotty, you know, just gorging themselves, wrecking it. And then all of a sudden, like, you know, I'm crunched. Yeah. Will, what will, what newsletters are you into lately?


I mean, are you, like, where are you getting all This? You know? Well, you know, I still subscribe to all my German poop mags. Remember those Air Ma Air Mall magazines that used to be Oh, I Love them. Yes. They're so popular. Really? You get like the hammock or sch slimmers section on it and stuff. You're like, of course I need a, a fucking ping pong table that folds up into a Table. Put my trunk. Yeah. Did you ever buy anything from one of those? I think like a dog door. Do they They have bar bags in the back of the, the seas? They do. I haven't, I haven't looked for a while. They do, because I chew a lot of gum. But, But isn't that interesting? Like, a lot of, a lot of people don't throw up like they did in the seventies.


Now nobody throws up on a plane. Oh, you think that people throw up less, I you're right. On a plane. On a plane. Like when have you heard, seen somebody throw up on a plane, right? It used to be an every, every flight. Have You ever thrown up on a plane? Oh, sure. I have. I had too much, too much Kiwi once. Yeah. Jesus. I threw up. I threw up. I got on a plane. I was super hungover. I was about 18. Okay. And I'm not Kidding. Well, you threw, you threw up from hungover. Not the plane. Yeah, not the plane. But, but I remember vividly, we, we were taxiing out leaving Toronto and, and just as we start to, as we start to increase speed, I go, I'm gonna need my bag. Somebody had sealed it with a piece of gum. Can I just say, it is gross. I filled it.


I filled The bag. I had to get another, I had to hold it as we took off. And I, I'm gonna throw another Back. Oh my. It was A what a dream. Actually. It should be. It should be noted. I threw up in the airport terminal before I got on the plane. This, I was walking in the old Toronto terminal, number one. So it shows you how long it was because it's gone long gone. And I remember walking to the gate, I guess from having checked in and being like, oh boy, I gotta go. And I ran and there was a, I opened a door. I thought there was a bathroom. There was no bathroom, but there was a, a door. And I opened it and it's just the stairs, like the raw stairs going. And You're like, oh, that'll Do. And there were people come in and I literally go loud and they moved and they threw up down the stairs.


Just a big cascade. Good shile. Yeah. Check dial. That, that is something. Isn't that unreal? It was so gross. God, that's funny. I thrown up in a, have have either of you guys thrown up in, in, in A, not in a long time. About 10 years ago I was doing reshoots. Oh my God. On, We gotta get On teenage mut Ninja Turtles. And I was like, I woke up one morning and I started throwing and going. It was, it was a two part affair. Everything was happening at once. And then we were like, we're on reshoots. And we had to go. And I went and I, everybody, like most other people on set, had gotten this bug was going through. Yeah. And at one point I was, I was working, shooting a scene with somebody.


And they go, yeah, the director goes, okay, will, okay. He's like, okay, just come out here. And then you just gotta run across the parking lot. And I go, dude, I'm not running anywhere. 'cause if I, if I run one foot, One foot, it's all, it's all over. It's All coming out. Something's gonna open. What was the movie? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Wonderful. Which is a great segue to our guest. I really Enjoyed that feeling. Gee, That's a callback. I love it. My guest today has been a close friend of mine for decades. She, she's, Get to the good part.


He's so far from the stage. Guys. Who, who is the guest before I go, fuck. Fuck me. Thank God I'm crying. Me Too. Okay, now listen, we got it. Come on guys. You know what I think? I truly believe when you, when you left that deep, you, you're killing cancer. I truly believe that. I think you're right. I think you're right. Cut that. All Right. Well, we got to explain to her what the joke is so she's in on it. All right. So she's a very good friend of mine. She's a Peabody, an Emmy award-winning journalist and producer, as well as a devoted mother, grandmother, and friend to so many.


She's the person I go to for advice about literally anything. She's the author of seven New York Times bestselling books. Seven, been trying to get her to read them to me. Born in Chicago just like me. But the former first Lady of California, which is only slightly like me. It's the luminescent and brilliant and wonderful friend. Oh, Maria Shriver. Maria Shriver. I got it. Maria Shriver. I got it before you said it. Okay. Good Morning. I mean, you ha you had to sit through all of That. I can't believe that. I can't be, I'm going, I'm throwing the flowing. I just am like, oh, I feel so at home. I have four brothers. Yes. Yes. Why did you say yes to this? A Lot is happening. A lot is happening today. You Grew up like that. I grew up like that.


I still live like that. So I have four brothers. So this was not a shock to me at all. Oh, I forgot. I actually really enjoyed it. They're also ding bats just like us. Huh? Forgive Us. Forgive Us. The barf bag. I've sat next to people like that. So I have been so jealous of your friendship with Shawnee for so long. I hear you're just the greatest ever. This is the first day of our friendship. He speaks so highly. I'm very excited. Yeah. Yeah. The first day of our friendship. I know. I've been asking Sean to invite me on this show since the very beginning. And he wouldn't invite me. He's No, he wouldn't Invite me. What was the reason? What was the reason You gave know Sean? Wait a minute. Wait A minute. Why Never? No, I I He said we have to start with all the famous people.


Sean, you said to me, go through All the famous people will's. Sean, you said, you said, he said, said a friend of mine. You said a friend of mine keeps texting me and asking me, and I keep telling her No. What was, was it Maria now? Is that we're gonna go to it? No, Maria Shriver. Oh, Sean. No. Said You Kept saying that about me. No, no. Said Oh my God. Pretty silly. I said to you, what? Oh my God. I said, do you wanna come on? You said, what am I gonna talk about? What would I ever talk about? This was five years ago when we started and now you're like, can I come on the show? I'm like, of course You can. I'm like, because people all say to me, why is Sean never had you on a show? It's so weird. I go, I know. It's so, it is weird. Weird. Is it weird? So weird. No, we can talk to you about anything though, is what I love about you. You can tackle any Issue.


Can. Yes. That's why I can't, I can't wait to talk about 10,000 things said, Always say. But I said, what I'm so excited about is the only show I've ever gone on where I haven't prepared at all. 'cause you told me not to prepare at all. Correct. So I didn't brush my hair. I had had no makeup. Yeah. Because we're not Anything right? Nothing. We're not filming this. It's just audio. It's a podcast. You know what a podcast is? Yeah. But Just, but I didn't prepare. Please, Please don't explain to her what a podcast is. God, This is a thank you. Well, thank you. I mean, my God, this is a bridge Too far. God. Yeah. Really? Oh my God, my God. God. It's insulting, insulting there. Don't think I can sit here with three men. I don't know. What's that? What's that? That We're gonna talk about that too. Alright, so are We three men? Yes. You are.


Okay. First of all, you're one of the most special people in my life. I love you very much. I I love you too. For a very long time. How'd You guys meet, by the way? How did this start? It started in 2001 ish, around there. And I used to date somebody that knew Maria, and that's how we introduced her. Introduced. Alright. Got it. Okay. Yeah. So, so my first question, go ahead. No, you go ahead with your first question. Line it up. No, I was just gonna say, because you've been, because you've been that to me in so many things to me, and you're always the person I go to for advice and blah, blah, blah. Who is that for you? Good question. I often go to my kids, actually. I have deep conversations with my kids.


Yeah. It depends what I'm looking for. Advice for. I have four brothers, right. So I usually go to them. I would say I go to my four brothers. Oh, really? Depending on the subject matter. But, so each brother's a little different. They have a different level of expertise in different areas. But I often go to probably my brothers, my kids, sometimes My son-in-law now, I go to him. We love your son-in-law. We love her. Love your son. You love him. Yeah. I love, So for my sister too. My sister, that's Chris Pratt, my sister, who doesn't Just, We adore Chris. We love him. We play golf with him sometimes. We like to hang out with him. He's the funniest. He's such a naturally funny guy. Good, great Dude. Yeah. He, he imitates you guys playing golf?


Does he uhoh? Yeah, he does. It Must take a while. Does. It's not pretty. It's not really. No, it's not pretty. Throw your ball into the woods. And that's an imitation of me playing golf. Maria, what do you, what, what area lately do you find yourself reaching out for advice on what? Which Oh yeah. Which, what, what, what area in this, in this crazy ass world is, is, is, is is confusing you most right now. Well, how to, how to stay engaged and not be mean in the engagement. How to get above all of the ranker and still stay in trying to make the world better and still stay measured. Trying to figure out how Yeah. How to keep your voice measured, really good word.


How to keep myself focused on what I'm trying to focus on and not get mixed up in what everybody wants to get you mixed up in. Sometimes I do that well, and sometimes I don't, sometimes I ask my priest actually, depending on what the subject is. But, Well, you know, lately, and not to get sorry to p to cut you up, but not to get too political, but it does seem lately, but, but late lately, that's how we grew up lately. There seems to be this Yeah. Pressure on one side to kind of take the gloves off and meet the other side where they're at. And I'm wondering if you have a perspective on that.


Yes. I don't, I to try not politic, try to do that. Not to get politic, Not to get political. I try not to do that. I try not to get into that at all. Yeah. I try to just figure out what do I wanna change Yeah. In the world. What's my issue? What are the one or two things I wanna do? And I try to stay on that and yeah. Really focus on that. I have a spiritual practice that helps me in the morning, stay focused. And I try to talk about my own emotional sobriety. And I try to think about, I love that, okay, how is this gonna put my own ball down the court? I work on Alzheimer's research a lot. I work on women's health. And So I try to kind of focus on those things.


And I try not to kind of attack people personally. Right. Which is always a challenge. I, I think, I think I, I I I think that's really smart. And I love that. I love you talking about your, your, your, your spiritual practice you do in the morning Yeah. And your emotional sobriety. I really love that idea. Yeah. And then I've never heard that. And then, and do what you do what you can in, in the immediate and be present in your life right here. Right. Yeah. I also try to follow people that I admire who are inspiring. Thank you. Thank you. I respect. Thank you. And there's a great guy named Father Richard Rohr, who has a school, it's called Contemplatives in Action. And I think that that's a really cool concept to be in the world, but to be contemplative in it, to bring about change in the world, but how you go about doing it, I think we think all the time we have to be angry and divisive and partisan to bring about any change.


And I don't subscribe to that. I think that we can walk into the world and be determined to be focused, but we don't have to be angry and mean about it. It's kind of like, how do you fight, so to speak. Yeah. And we always think you have to fight rough and tumble and mean, and I think you can fight for an issue in, in a very focused way, but not a mean dei divisive way. Yeah, For sure. For Sure. So, so you're, you're, you're so accomplished in so many different areas and, and mediums and what, how are you, you, you mentioned Alzheimer's. Yeah. And women's health. Are you, how, how are you, how are you pointing all those superpowers of yours right now?


What are you, where are you, where are you enjoying putting all that stuff? We're gonna get into that. She's got a wonderful magazine. Yes. Just Came out. Well, I, I just, I love, last year I worked with President Biden. We started the very first White House initiative on women's health and research was, that was Big news. That was huge news. It was really big because there had never been a, believe it or not in this country, a white, white House initiative on women's health and research. And there had never been, we only spend 10% of the NIH budget on women's health and research. So we're so far behind. And That's the passion, even though they're more than 50% of the population. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And so crazy.


That was a, a really big passion project. And we did a lot of great work before he left. And so that's something that's still really important to me because we're really far behind. Yeah. And for women of all ages, And especially if you're, you know, the thing, one of the things I learned from you too is the, all of that, all of the statistics about women's health and women's Alzheimer's specifically, because I've been afflicted with it in my family. You have with your dad and my mom. And so one of the thing, you know, you always said, or the in, in your research, in your education about it, you've said it's really important to, as you get older, learn an instrument, learn a language, force yourself to remain social.


Even when you, because you wanna be set, you wanna be more sedentary when you get older. You're just like, I don't want to go out. I don't wanna do anything. But it's so important to challenge your brain as you get older because Oh wow. Nobody knows if you're going to get this all Are you thinking about Starting? Yeah. I'm gonna think about starting Sean's like his Broadway play show. I mean, talk about memory. Yeah, yeah, I know. Talk about it. Instrument. I went there and I course, Oh, we've talked about it. Cry. We've talked about it ad nauseum. Would you, Maria, would you say that like staying and ask, and I point this towards my, my, my partner is here. Would you think that staying in your house 364 days of the year, do you think that that's healthy?


No. That's not how, I don't think you do that. It depends On what you're doing inside that house. You know what are doing Inside that house. Go. You go first. Me. Well, listen, when you talk about an instrument, does a remote control count, You gotta learn how to manipulate that Thing. I, I can't do that. I have to call my son all the time. And he's like, I've shown you this before, mommy. I said, I know, but I can't remember. Could you show it again? I was at your house for dinner on last Thursday and this big thing, we're watching TV and this big thing, a thing comes down the screen and we're like, Maria, how do you get rid of this? She's like, it'll go away. It'll just go away. Turn it on, turn it on. It's not going away. Just leave it alone. It'll go away. It'll go. And did it go away?


Did it go away? It actually did. It actually did. Yeah. Okay. It went away. It went away. It said, update now, update later, press here. And Sean's like, move it, move it So I could watch the three of you. That's what he kept going. He's like, I wanna mirror the three of us. I'm like, just wait a minute. We'll watch the three of you. He goes, do you wanna watch one version of us or do you wanna watch 10 different clips of us? I say, oh, I wanna watch 10 different clips. That's all I wanna do tonight. You're You're hijacked. Yeah. Is watch the three of you And we will be right back.


You all know what speed dating is, right? Well, if you're the owner of a growing business, what if there was a feature like speed dating only for hiring? In other words, you could meet several interested, qualified candidates at once all at a designated time. Well, good news, there is it's zip intro from ZipRecruiter. You can post your job today and start talking to qualified candidates tomorrow. Zip intro gives you the power to quickly assess excellent candidates for your job via back to back video calls. You simply pick a time and zip intro. Does all the work of finding and scheduling qualified candidates for you, then you can choose who you want to talk to and meet with great people as soon as the next day. So easy. Enjoy the benefits of speed hiring with new zip intro only from ZipRecruiter. Rated number one, hiring site based on G two. Try zip intro for free@ziprecruiter.com slash SmartLess. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ SmartLess. Zip intro Post jobs today. Talk to qualified candidates tomorrow.


Do you need a haircut right now? Supercuts thinks you just might. A haircut is the kind of thing that sneaks up on you, sort of like your creepy uncle. Before you know it, you're three weeks late and probably the last person to realize it well says super cuts. It's time to stop needing a haircut right now. Heidi, stop needing a haircut right now, however you like. If it's a reasonable hour, you can just walk into any super cuts, no appointment needed. Or you can check in ahead@supercuts.com at a time that works for you. Or you can do both. Check in ahead and then walk right in and see if that interrupts the space time continuum. It probably won't, but if it does, at least you'll look pretty fresh for posterity and eternity. With more than 23 million haircuts a year in nearly 40,005 star Google reviews a month, Supercuts is doing something right. Get $2 off when you join their email list@supercuts.com and then get your butts back to Supercuts. Right now.


Fiore makes performance apparel that is designed to work out in, but doesn't look or feel like it. So you can even wear Vuori while relaxing at home or running errands. Check out the Ponto performance jogger part of Vuori dream knit collection. The Ponto performance jogger is super soft and lightweight with four-way performance stretch. Perfect for stretching and lounging for me. I love wearing Vuori around the house. I love wearing vori, going for walks, working out in, and whenever I work out, I go do errands afterwards. And I feel great in it. I I feel confident and it's so comfortable. Vori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase and free shipping on any US orders or $75 and free returns. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet at Vuori dot com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


And now back to the show. Wait, go back to this. I've never heard you say emotional sobriety. Sobriety. Yeah. Can you explain to these guys and anybody who listens that you go, you, I don't remember what it's called, but you go to a place every August, is it or something where, or you used to at least where you, where you go off the grid and you, what is that? It was like a spirituality place or something. No, actually, no, that's totally wrong. Great Work, Sean. We're done. Thank you. We're a good way to listen. What A good idea. So I go to the last, I go to a place where my emotional sobriety is challenged and that's, I go home to Hyannisport where all my cousins are.


Oh, I need a practice. Oh, Stay are we stay, you don't wanna talk about that place, that other thing you do. What Other thing I do? That Thing that you used to go to where you had to put your cell phone down. You didn't have to, it was like a retreat Or something. Oh, I went to, I, yeah, I've been to a lot of retreats. That's Hoffman. That's Hoffman. That's, that's So I want to Go, I want to go there so badly. I keep Hearing about that place. What Is that? So I went, I went there. And you're not Equipped, JB you can't do it. No, I can't do it. It's actually, and I'm going back for a tuneup again. I'm a big believer in exploring yourself. Yeah. That's kind of why I wrote this new book on poetry and reflection. Yes. And I'm a big yes. Called I am Maria. Yes, I am. And that's, there's a long story behind that.


But anyway, I'm a big believer in trying to understand why you may feel dissatisfied, why you may feel stuck, why you may feel angry. Why do you erupt here, there and everywhere? Why? What is going on inside of you? You Erupt. Sorry. Sorry. That just came out of nowhere. These Are the bits, you know, the listeners love the, you know What, you Know what? Feel like I'm at home. I feel like I'm so at home. Oh my, oh, good. I've asked Sean to bring you guys to dinner one night. Oh, We'd love to. Sean got the invite. He never relay that. No, This is not, I'm not kidding. Sean, you're talking He's never said that, Sean, you said remember I said when we did those questions that lovers do. Yes. Marriage couples do. And So I asked Sean to do it with me.


Yes. And one of the things was, you know, you had to go through what do we like about each other? How do we want the other person to grow? He had done it with Scotty. So I said, can you do it with me? Right. Yeah. And then one of the things I said to you at the end is, I want you to invite me. Yeah, yeah. To meet your friends. He Never Okay. He's never mentioned it. All right. I'm gonna make it happen. He's Never mentioned it. He's never mentioned it. I know. God, Here's, here's the thing. And I might, I might be divulging this, this might be too much information, but I've recently been made aware of the term of being, or the idea of being intimate with yourself. Yes. And that's not what you think JB so uhm it, It's, I thought we were gonna hear some technique.


No, no, no, no. It's, it's, it's this idea about learning how to be intimate with yourself is something, is a process that I've been sort of going through recently and it's been really revealing and really tough to do. It's a new, a new practice for me. How do you do that? Well, it's, it's about, well, it's, you know, it's, it's a form of therapy that I'm sort of going through. It's part of the therapy that I've been experiencing of late. And it's about, you know, going back and being honest with myself about things and about where I've been and about allowing myself to feel certain things that I was potentially avoiding for a long time.


Right. Et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. Yeah. And It's good for men to do that. And Maria can't, Well, can't. And, and the idea, yes, it's good for men. And the idea is that you can't have real intimacy with somebody else if you cannot be intimate with yourself. Bingo. Oh, that's interesting. Yeah. Bingo. Which I was like, oh, all right. You know, that's Interesting. I love that. I love that you're doing that because I think it's, I do that through writing and sometimes I've done it through therapy, but I find that when I write, and I, if I write early in the morning and I write when it's quiet, and that's what this book kind of is a lot of poetry. It's kind of almost stream of consciousness, just allowing stuff to come up and you find you, you know, there's a whole other person living in there or a whole other voice Yeah.


That wants to speak, which is really fascinating. Yeah. It's, it's been, it is been interesting. And, and also I was thinking about when you said what JB I think you, what one of you did. Who, who are the people that you go to Maria to talk to about things and, and what are the conversations? And there is somebody, we have a, we have a mutual friend who I go to who's other than these guys who I talk to about a lot of these things. Who's our, my buddy Clay, who I think, you know. Ah, Yeah. I go to Clay too. And Clay's my guy. Yeah. Love that. And he is my, I love that. He is one of my best friends. And he is my, he's my brother. I, I love him. And he's been incredible to me on so many levels.


I love That. Yeah. Oh, I love that. That's so beautiful. My brother now goes to Clay too. Yes. For he, clay is really great at reminding you who you are Yeah. At telling you what he sees and reassuring you that that voice that's telling you you're, you know, all those other things is wrong. And that what he sees is what other people see. And I think we all need a friend like that. Actually, Sean, you're like that with me, right? You tell me what you see. You remind me when I go down a hole. They often, in lyrical, sometimes people call that anum.


Carra. There's a book about that that John O'Donohue, the poet wrote, called the Anam Carra, which is a means soul friend. It's Gaelic, right. It means soul friend. And it's somebody who is a very intimate friend. It can be a sexual person, but it can often very not be at all. And it's just someone who sees you, who reflects back to you, who you are, who tells you, who's honest with you, who tells you what they see. Yeah. I love that. And, and reassures you that you're on the path and also is honest enough to tell you when you've fallen off of it and can remind You Yeah. And that you can get back up. That's really, and yeah, Sean, you hear that it's an intimate friend, right. It can be sexual and it's, that's a call.


It's a Gaelic. Yeah. So, so it's like a salt lick. But it's Gaelic. But it's a, but actually, I think I met, you know what, Maria, I met your brother at Clay's birthday. You met me at Clay's birthday. I, we had met before though. Yeah. But we, we talked there. We talked there. But I didn't wanna say that we met there. 'cause you don't remember the first time we met, but I do. We had met at Years. Sean. Sean lets you and I take a quick five. I didn't wanna put you on the spot. Tell Me, where did we meet the first time Years ago at Sean's house and Sean. Oh, that's right. This is, this is over 20 years ago. Sean had a card game. Yeah. He had a big poker night at his house. Do you remember that? It was like, it was so long ago. It was over time. Is that another thing that I wasn't at that you guys found? No, you were there actually.


You Were, you, you were switched numbers. You had changed phone numbers I think. No, I, No, this was like 25 years ago. Yeah. It was a long time Ago. No, we were still friends then. It's cool. We'll double back on this after we sign off. Anyway. Anyway, yeah, you're right. But it is great having those kind of people in your life and, and Yeah, I love that. And, and I like these guys. We have the same thing. They not holding your feed to the fire, but it's the ability to go, Hey, this is what's going on. And being unafraid to say, Hey, have you thought about this in a way that's kind and and constructive. Yes. And, and, and that safe in that, in that exercise that Maria was talking about, where we wrote each other like, you know, good things, things to work on, whatever, blah, blah, blah.


I said to her, you remember mine, my, the big one to you Oh. Was, Hey, do you think you could introduce me to people when I come over to your house? Because, because she, for your whole life has been so huge, filled with so many people, constantly 24 7 in your house outta your, it's like a revolving door of all these people that come in and out. And I'll see these people and he'd be like, yeah, that's Martha. So anyway, come over. And I'm like, who is like, who is that? And I'll be sitting next like having a hamburger next to somebody. And I'm like, I have no idea who this person is. And you just assume that I know them. And are you bringing your own hamburgers? Are you bringing the burgers with you? It does bring his own dessert though. He does bring his, he sure does. He does bring his own dessert.


He sure does. Does Is it any wonder why his husband is a diabetic? He's got a trunk full of Treats. I bring No, I bring my own desserts because as wonderful as you are to feed me, a lot of the times the desserts are gluten free, sugar free, blah. Free. Free. That's of Scotty. No. Why are you doing a funny voice? Okay. I'm Doing that. I'm doing that because of Scotty. Oh, I didn't know that. Outta Respect Sean. Outta outta respect. Thank you. I'm unlike you, she's not trying to kill your husband. Right. Oh, okay. Got it. I love his husband. He's so calm. So I he's the best. We love Scotty. We love Scotty. Scotty is the best. Maria, you, you touched on going back to your going back home and, and visiting your family and needing to sort of arm yourself if, if you will, with the spiritual program.


The idea of growing up with that kind of, and continued sort of being part of a family that is under that kind of scrutiny. What does that do? Because every, every, we all Have, well, tell Tracy like the, so your mom, your dad is sergeant, the Great Sergeant Shriver, your mom is Eunice Kennedy, who is the sister of JFK and you're the niece and blah, blah, blah. Okay. Okay. I am Maria. Yeah. I am Maria. Right. And that's what I wanted. I am Maria. And that's what I wanted to talk about. You can find it on pit paperback or I am Maria. Maria, I'm Maria. That, This, that, And you're like, I'm Maria. But that's what I wanted to talk you about, about the, about the Hoffman Place is a guy came out.


Remember this conversation? It was like three years ago. Oh, we Do, I I talk to you or do I talk to, I mean, or Will will ask me a question or do I go to You Will first Thank you, Maria. Thank, Thank you. I just don't know where do I go? I just Like to Deal with will, welcome to SmartLess because I'm your guest or should I go to you? I don't know, but it has to do with Will, what Will's about to say. Okay. So, so my, the reason I brought up the Hoffman thing is because you had shared with me that part of the pro part of your journey at the h at Hoffman was a guy came up to you and immediately started asking you about your lineage, right? Yeah. Yeah. And you're like, hang on. And it upset you because you're like, wait, my name is Maria Shriver, I am my own person. I have my own accomplishments, I have a family, I'm a, all these things that you are without the Kennedys.


Right? Yeah. And then you had an epiphany that you shared with me. Like, wait, but part of me is that, and to shun it is wrong. Right? Yeah. And so, and then I know that has that, that's kind of a prep to what Will's probably gonna about. About to ask you what was it like? Well, I had already asked her, what is it? Do you feel? But yes, sure. That's, that's adjacent to what I'm saying, which is Yeah, that's a, I'm I'm right here. Yeah. Jason, Jason abatement Adjacent abatement. Yeah. My new mold removal company. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's gonna do well. Abatement. That's funny. I think. Yeah. That's funny. Well, But talk about that then. It's A lot. It's a lot actually.


But I, I find after doing a lot of work, I find myself now in a really good place about it. Well, well because, and the reason I, what's interesting is, you know, you hear people who are, who have made names of themselves as a, whatever it is, name, name the discipline. But, but, and then people say, and if they say, well, it's tough being in this position, the critics say, well, fuck it. That's the price you pay for being famous. And they say that, right? So you can't complain in a lot of ways, even though you've had so many great accomplishments that you've forged on your own. Huge, you were born into it. You didn't have a choice is the truth. Right?


Right. Yeah. But I think we all have a, a, a choice about how we wanna conduct ourselves in that experience. Right? Yeah. And I think what I tried to do was outwork my lineage, which was a mistake. And I thought like, oh, if I, you know, get accomplished, if I do all these things, then you won't be introducing me by whose daughter I am, whose cousin I am, whose niece I am, and won't be talking to me only about those things. And that was a driver certainly. But I think it was unrealistic because I came to understand like, I'm never gonna outwork that. I'm never gonna outperform that. I'm never gonna out that, right.


So to speak. Mm. Right. So getting to a place where like, okay, wait a minute, let me figure out how to accept that, how to be happy when people come up and that's all they wanna talk to me about. And then just try to understand that I have my own practice. I have friends who understand who I am, who love me for me, and that I can't change everybody's opinion. Like I go through the airport or I sit down and that's what all people wanna talk to me about. I just go, okay, now I understand that. I just let that be and I don't get mad at them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's so funny, like, like growing up in, in my generation and seeing you on TV all the time, I would never ever think of talking to you about that.


I, because I grew up seeing you as Maria Shriver only. Yeah, exactly. You know, even more famous than any of sort of any Kennedy lineage could, could, could put on someone like you, you, you were extremely successful in carving your own name, your own position, your own profile. Yeah. But People wanna talk to me about the other, right, Right. Yeah. Well, yeah, exactly. And So I think it's just getting to a place of understanding that, that that's part of you and not fighting it. And then just trying to figure out, okay, what do I wanna do? Which brings me back, you know, what are the issues that I care about and not feeling like I'm not performing if I'm not running for president.


That's kind of how I grew up. Like, if you're not gonna, you know, run for that, like get out of the way, you know? Yeah. Sit, go to the back of the room. So I had to go like, okay. You know, and my mother was also a total force of nature. She certainly was quite a tough woman. Yes. And she also was not interested in hearing any complaint about anything. Right. So I wanted to ask you about that. Yeah. Because because the few lunches I had with her Yeah. And you, I'd be sitting, she scared the shit outta me. Yeah. I'd be sitting there having lunch and we had a couple good laughs like you. Yeah. She's funny. Yeah, she's funny. But you're right, she's very guarded or whatever, however you wanna describe it.


And you are one of the best mothers I've ever witnessed. Thank you. Like, the rules that you put in place and the boundaries and the love and all of those things as a mother was incredible to witness. But did you recognize that in your mom that she, is this kind of, like you said, force of nature in, in an emotional way? Did you find that, okay, well, like all of us, we gotta take the good stuff from our parents and the stuff that maybe we don't want to take? And how did you find that balance and were you aware of, of how she was? Well, I was aware. She terrified everybody and she terrified me too. So I mean, I, So I was aware of that. I was aware that she was formidable and you know, I stood up, as I said, every time she walked in the room till the day she died.


Right. Yeah. I, both my parents, I was raised that way. My grandparents, my parents, you know, like they're in charge. They're, they're running the roost and they had really high expectations. And I was, and my brothers. So they were very clear about their expectations. So, and if you were not doing them well, you just did not do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How did that, and then how did that transfer into your style of parenting? I, I, I, like my dad was super duper strict, and I found that I kind of went the other direction to a certain extent. Like, I wanted my kids to feel a little bit more of a friendship with me than I had with my dad.


But then I also recognized that, that I had this big authority figure, this, this disciplinarian in front of me was very good for me. Gave me a lot of structure. Yeah. And So I thought, oh, maybe I'm doing a disservice to my kids. So I kind of tried to tack back. Like, how did you find a balance there? Well, I tried to kind of take a lot of the things both my parents instilled in me, but I tried to be softer in that I tried to say, I love you. I tried to touch them, right? Yes. And hold them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And nurture them. Yeah. And, you know, real, I guess really touch, you know, hold them and, you know, I think my, but I also have, and through Hoffman and other work understood that my mother, you know, asking my mother to give me something that wasn't given to her was unfair.


Right. Right. Right. So and so she didn't grow up being held like that. She didn't grow up being, she was loved in a different way. And I felt loved, but not like how I would look at other people's mothers. Right. Right. It wasn't the same thing, you know, We'll be right back.


Do you need a haircut right now? Super cuts. Thinks you just might. A haircut is the kind of thing that sneaks up on you, sort of like your creepy uncle. Before you know it, you're three weeks late and probably the last person to realize it. Well, says super cuts. It's time to stop needing a haircut right now. Heidi, stop needing a haircut right now, however you like. If it's a reasonable hour, you can just walk into any Supercuts, no appointment needed. Or you can check in ahead@supercuts.com at a time that works for you. Or you can do both. Check in ahead and then walk right in and see if that interrupts the space time continuum. It probably won't, but if it does, at least you'll look pretty fresh for posterity and eternity. With more than 23 million haircuts a year and nearly 40,005 star Google reviews a month, Supercuts is doing something right. Get $2 off when you join their email list@supercuts.com, and then get your butts back to Supercuts right now.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. So guys, I always talk about BetterHelp and I'm gonna talk about it again, you know, because therapy can feel like a big investment, but the state of your mind is just as important as your physical health. I'm a big, big, big believer in that. So with that in mind, let's talk numbers. Traditional in-person therapy can cost anywhere from 100 to $250 per session, which adds up fast. But with BetterHelp online therapy, you can save on average up to 50% per session. With BetterHelp, you pay a flat fee for weekly sessions, saving you big on cost and on time. Therapy should feel accessible, not like a luxury. With online therapy, you get quality care at a price that makes sense. Your mental health is worth it, and now it's within reach. With over 30,000 therapists. BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform. Having served over 5 million people globally, it's convenient too. You can join a session with the click of a button, helping you fit therapy into your busy life, plus switch therapists at any time. Your wellbeing is worth it. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp, HE p.com/ SmartLess.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton honors members access to luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


And now back to the show. Was that a big moment for you when you started? I remember certain things about, about not forgiving your parents, but when you have an understanding and appreciation of what it is, what their limitations are because of how they were brought up, et cetera, was was, first of all, it happens later in life than you wish. Yeah. You wished it would happen when you were 18. Right. You know? Right, right, right. When you meet, what was that like for you? Was that a, was that a sort of a watershed moment in your life? Yeah, and and I, it continued to be in multiple ways. And even after my mother passed away, it was, I continued to learn about her and continue to change my relationship with her in death as well.


And trying to understand how she was raised, what she was up against. You know, my mother, she dressed in men's pants, she carried a briefcase, she smoked cigars. She only hung out with men. She'd have, you know, like our table was filled with men and when, like, they would bring their wives and maybe wives would go into one corner, she'd always go with the men. She had her cigar out. She'd have her, you know, pencils in her hair and she was like on it. Yeah. She was like, not messing around at all. So I was like, okay, is that a woman is like, I was like, is that the way you're supposed to do it? You know, I don't know. Right. She was very competitive, hyper competitive.


Tried to beat all her children, beat everybody who came around. And so she was, And, and challenging. Not physically Beating. Very challenging. Yeah. Physically beating. Yeah. Be competitively beat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not beat. Yeah. Thank you Sean. You're Welcome. That's what I'm here. Yeah. But I, I admired that that's how she created the Special Olympics. That's how she created Right. Change in the field of people with intellectual disability. She willed it into action and she stomped the halls of Capitol Hill and she forced her brother when he was president and her other brothers, when they were in the Senate to change laws. And she was relentless. And that created tremendous change. So I, I kind of watched that and I tried to figure out, okay, how do I do that out of the house, but not in the house.


Now, I'm sure you've answered this a thousand times, I apologize for not knowing the answer, but what, what was the main thing that kept you from ever really formally going into a political position and, and, and the, the feeling that you could, you could affect change a little bit more from the private sector? Well, my experience with politics was assassination. And I also, my dad ran for Vice President 72 and lost. And it was a big, that was a huge watershed moment for me. Yeah. And I also watched people come over to our home who were involved in politics, who were one way in our house in a different way on television.


Right. And outside. And I, I didn't like that. Yeah. I, I, so for me it was just, it felt, you know, I felt, and I watched my mother, as I said, do things outside of politics and create change. Yeah. And my dad as well started the Peace Corps, the war on poverty, head start. Wow. You know, foster grandparents, job corps, the list goes on. And I watched how they changed the world outside of running for office. Yeah. And So I thought, you know, that was a good model to emulate What incredible examples of like, and using their time and their position. Yeah. And Jay, how many days a week did you play golf last week?


Oh boy. I, I can tell you, first of all, lemme say I was very peaceful while I did it. Okay. Okay. Good. For the core of what I was doing. No. So I Don't think that's what the Peace Corps means. Yeah. They put a p on the end of it for some weird reason. The, I was actually talking to my, my 18-year-old yesterday about, oh no, was it the 12-year-old? Can't remember one of the daughters yesterday about, about, about, about service right after school and how some countries, you know, make that a requirement. And, and where, where, where do you sit on that? I, I feel like it'd be such a great thing for, someone was talking about it on TV the other day about how it would, would foster this, this great healthy sense of shared responsibility.


Do you mean Monetary service? No, it could, it could take any form. Yeah. In some countries it's military and other countries. It's, it's just serving the greater good. Some sort of Civil Peace Corps came to mind when I was talking to her. That's what made me think of, of it. When you were talking about it. W where's your, your, where do you stand on that, John? You did up with people for two years, did You? Yeah, I did. I did. Down with people. I think it's a great idea. I think it's a great idea. We actually, in this weekly, I heard you asking about, you know, newsletters and I have a newsletter that goes out every Sunday called the Sunday Paper. Yeah. That's greats great. And we actually published yesterday this op-ed from these two friends of mine, John Bridgeland.


Alan Casey about called Big Citizenship. And the idea about, you know, proposing to this administration about what we actually need is a big service corps where everybody could be of service to their country. I love that. For one or two years. And you could be in AmeriCorps, you could be in Teach for America. Yeah. You could be in the Peace Corps. And actually when Arnold was governor and I was First Lady, we tried to do that. We started a California Corps Yeah. Of people volunteering for California. And I always felt that that would be something that people would bring people from all walks of life together. And I worked for a while on a National Service Corps proposal, which never got off the ground.


But, you know, it's a financial, I think it's more of a financial issue for the federal government. I think there's tremendous desire there that people really want and would, whether it's a gap year. Yeah. And that there's so many ways to be, you could have an environmental core. They have that in California environmental core. You could, I tried to do that 'cause we need so many more caregivers for people with Alzheimer's and dementia, Parkinson's and all this sort of stuff. If people went, you know, could they get free tuition if they went to a state school, if they gave two years to be a caregiver? Yeah. It's a great idea coming Out. Yeah. Yeah. JB didn't, didn't JB when they canceled Hogan family, didn't you have a gap year? Oh yeah, yeah.


A lot more of a decade. You don't remember it. But yeah, that would be, that's, you know, to, not to be too cynical, but it does seem like the, the, the, the, the miracle of it all or the, the, the, the big, the big thing that would get it moving would be what is the carrot on the other side for, for the person who's volunteering, quote unquote. Like is it, is it free tuition? Is it a more favored consideration on your application going into a state school? What, like, what, what, what, what, what's in it for them aside from the, the good feeling you would have? Well, that would be big. Well that would be big to get, you know, tuition. Yeah. Lessened. You know, that's, I think that's a huge carrot for people Who have that would why not just wa it Or, or just a higher consideration, a different list that you're on when in consideration for a state school, 'cause I know how, you know, my 18-year-old, that that's, that's so much anxiety for kids.


Like, yeah. Getting into a school, have I done enough extracurricular, blah, blah blah. Like if that was something that like, oh, you go right to the top of the list in consideration for these uc schools. That would be, that would be big. And it wouldn't cost, I don't think it would cost the state anything, you know? No. We, we tried to do something like that. I was chairing a task force for the governor here on Alzheimer's. And that was, was one of our recommendations about that. So it didn't, hadn't happened yet. Yeah. But I think there are ideas like that around, which I think are great. Yeah. And I think that young people would really like that. Yeah. Service Corps, you know, there's, there are some programs around like that, but I think the question always is, you know, they don't pay well obviously.


Right, right, right. But, but you're at an age where you, you've, yeah. You don't, you don't need the money just yet. Like, you might still potentially be under your parents' wing, you know, just right after high school and before college. And maybe the parents would be okay, give 'em one more year of support while you're off helping the country or the state. Yeah. Well, yeah, a lot of people do need the money. So it's like looking at so that it's a diverse workforce, that it's, you know, it depends. Different states have different needs, right? Different states have different needs. And So I think it, it's a great idea. It, there are a lot of people who've been pushing it for a long time. It has not happened. I, I thought it was an intriguing op-ed that these guys wrote originally for the Washington Post last week.


And then we repurposed it in the Sunday paper on Sunday. I Want that newsletter. Big Citizenship. I like that idea. Big citizenship. Yeah. You know what? It's funny. I mean, we sit here, we talk about it and, and it's, you know, we're in a unique position. We get to sort of talk about these ideas, et cetera. Yeah. And they make a lot of sense. And how funny or how unfortunate it is that, as you say, there's met resistance. It, it never happened. It going to go through. And it really does make you wonder why. Yeah, why not. That's what I was wondering, like, what's that? Why, why don't people want to do it? Why don't people, why isn't there a sense that we should, you know, do something for the greater good and people go, well, we don't wanna, Yeah.


Or, or a couple of people. Well, There's a lot going on actually. You know, like I look at Special Olympics all the time, which is one of the largest volunteer programs in the world. Right. And people are, you know, from both parties, from all different age groups go out and volunteer. And I think because they're asked, they're asked, like, this program won't succeed in your neighborhood or your community or your state unless you volunteer. Right. And I think sometimes people, it depends who's doing the asking. Right. You even see that in our own homes, you know, sometimes, like, who's asking you to clear the table? Who's asking you to do the chore? Right? Right. And then what figure is asking you to be of service?


And I think we, young people aren't volunteering for military court. 'cause sometimes they look and see like, well how does that person get taken care of when they come back? Right. Who's doing the asking? What is the life like on the other end versus, you know, yeah. Many years ago. Right. So I think it's, I I believe that, you know, if the right person raises it up, puts it front and center, makes it inspiring, calls young people up and tells them we need you in order to rebuild the country in order to, you know, put our values front and center in order that you can have a country that's gonna be the country you wanna live in with the values you wanna live in.


So I'm calling everybody up. I mean, I think it's, nobody's called people up like that. Right. It's great. One of the, one of the pieces of advice I've actually shared with these guys before outside of this podcast is anytime there'd be an issue come up issue that came up politically or socially or whatever it was, and I would complain about it to you and you would say, I know, isn't that awful? So what are you doing about it? Yeah, exactly. And I'm like, oh. And it completely disarmed people. 'cause you're right. It's like to everything you're saying, you have to be the leader of that You can instead of sitting and waiting for somebody to ask, you Know, well, I think kids would listen to you if you just ask them to serve Me. You think they'd listen to me? I think they would. Yeah.


So wait, so Maria, So I I love that. I mean, I think Jason, you should take that on. I, I think like my kids, if you ask my kids, they pay attention. Yeah. Yeah. They'd like, did you hear it? God, he asked us to be of service or I think Will has a better voice. Will will makes a lot of money with his voice. A lot of timber to it. I'll set him up with a big phone bank. I think Jason, get Him all the numbers. Jason, send a car. We'll send a car to get you outta the house. Will, I think you're uniquely suited for this. You, you got a whisper booth there. Everything's already Whisper booth. So Maria, before we leave you, You're leaving. Yeah. You're Into overtime. We owe, but I gotta go tell the leaf blower.


He can go back, right? Yes. But wait, I have one last thing. One last thing. You, you've super successful, you've seen it all. You've met everyone. You've had more experiences than anyone I know. What is it there? What is that you haven't done or want accomplish that, that, that speaks to your values? How about that? Oh, that's a really deep question. Yeah, honey. Wow. Yeah. Should have gave her that in the beginning and give her a chance to come up with an answer. I don't know if I'm gonna tell you the answer. I know the answer, but I'm not gonna know why. Really? Yeah. Come on Maria. No, no. Not not gonna say it. You're not gonna tell us what you, I'm gonna keep on going. I'm gonna keep on going right down here. Right, right. I totally am always thinking of like, You're pointed in the right direction.


Yes. I'm pointing in the right direction. Good. Yes. That's, I'm moving forward. That's true. You're, I think, and I always tell you, I think like, who do I want at my 70th birthday? Who do I want at my funeral? And I work on those relationships now. And So I love that. Those are two different lists. I love it. I love It. And I'm now gonna include you two bo the other boys now at my funeral and my birthday party, I just, I just grew my list. That's right. I'd love To love to say a few, I'd love to say a few words if that'd be okay. I hope So. I hope you'll bring a poem because I've got this book of poetry. Yes. So that's mainly when people use poems, right? No problem. They stand up at a funeral. They stand up at a wedding. I, I, I asked to get the copy of the book and it's not ready yet, but I can't wait to read.


I am Maria and the poems, I love it. And then a poem. Do you have a poem in your life that's was like important? No, nothing, No roses are red v blue, Nothing. How about you other guys? No, no poems, no poetry. I gotta work on that poem. Sure. I mean, I could cite like, you know, Rica or somebody like that, you know what I mean? She's, I mean, what are we gonna do where poetry is, you know, is useful in, in times of celebration, in times of heartbreak. There you go. You Know, so you don't want, so you don't wanna, thank you. You don't want to answer the one thing that you haven't done that you want to accomplish. Well, but you made it specifically to her values. Now she could, she could you could say something, something a little bit more trivial. Like, was there a a a place you'd like to go or a person you've yet to meet?


Yeah. How about That? Oh yeah. I have a person I'd get to meet. Yeah. I really wanna meet, sit and have a meal with the pope. I really wanna meet the Pope. Let me just check, check. I mean, he's good. I wanna be, I wanna move in with the Pope. I wanna hang with the Pope. He's pretty jammed. I'm looking right now. He, yeah, he's, I mean, how's your April? How's your April looking? It's, I, I'll, I'll change, I'll even give look my Sunday dinner for the Pope. Let me talk, I'll, I'll move. Wow. Everything around for the Pope. Wow. For Francis. Yeah. He's my man. I feel like you can make that happen. Alright, I'm gonna work on that for you. Will you work on that for me? Yeah. I'm not, just put me in your luggage. Take me there to Rome. I think if I could just get in Yeah. And sit down at the table.


You're not allowed. Yeah. My brother went there and you're not, if he, you see him eating there, you're not allowed to go over and talk. No. And so my brother said, well you, you would break that role Maria. I said, oh, for sure. Let say, lemme me just say this. Maria. Maria, let me just say this, if anyone can the Vatican, okay. So don't worry, you're gonna Hell. Oh, that's funny. The Vatican. There we go. Okay, Maria, we love you. I can't wait for your book. I love rash. Yeah, so much. Thank you. One of the most important people in my life is you as well as these two fellas. So I'm all in one show is makes me very, very happy today. Really nice to meet you, Natalie. Thank you For having me. Thank you for having Me. Thank you Maria. I want to come over and clear the table. Invite me.


I'll be a good guest. Yeah. Okay. You don't have to ask him. He'll just do it. He'll do it. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. Good example for my boys. Alright honey. Love you. Okay, bye. Thanks. Now let go. Thank you. You tell you slam it. Yeah. Okay. You can slam it shot here. Yeah. Right. She's How you feel Better. She's emotional. Emotional Sobriety. Sean, she's, I've met her a couple times with you, but so briefly and I never really got a, a sense of like how, I mean, I, a little bit, she's obviously super smart and stuff, but like she's Amazing. Yeah. But, and, and 10, I mean there's 10,000 other things that she's started or, or programs or, I mean we didn't even get into any of it, but she's endless.


Every single day she wakes up thinking about how she can servee. I know we talked about that before with other people, but how can She don't sell yourself short? You told me the other day you started season four, the, the mentalist. That's true. You and Scotty. The mental, how do you have that at the ready, the mental. Anyway, Maria. Maria. Maria. I love Sean. I love that I, I know you've talked so fondly about her and her family and how important they are to you and your life. Yeah. Right. It just like he Well, because he doesn't like, does not like to cook that, that is why. No, But like Real Jen's on Sunday, Maria's on Thursday.


Yeah. Real rocks. Real rocks for you. Like really real. Right. Oh, thanks Eddie. Yeah. Thanks. A real steadiness. Yeah. Yeah. They to your life. Yeah. She, she is. Yeah. As are you guys by the way. Oh, thanks. But I, yeah. But yeah, She's done so much for so many groups hearing her talk and, and it's just incredible. Anyway, thanks for indulging and I'm glad you enjoyed her as much as I did. She, She seems like she would be absolutely my favorite person in The world. Yeah. Well, why don't we do, we'll do a, we'll do a din Yeah. Yeah. Make it happen. We'll Do a, we'll do a din Yeah. That's short for dinner. Yeah. Well Come on. You know, do a d This Guy's a hip guy. He's a, he's got Riz, I'm Got Sean.


Anything on the, in the bi folder. Oh, there we go. He's got the Bifold Over App. Pull up the Bifold. Yeah. And we put on your bifocals and anything there, You know, we watched, oh yeah, Go ahead. Oh, Here we go. Here's a made up story. Oh. You know, we watched a show last night and Oh, I, I used to, I used this one before. You know, I like to, if I'm driving around and I'm hungry and it's a Sunday and she's Maria's having family dinner, I like to stop. Bye For a quick Bye. Alright, bye. Quick bite and bye everybody.


We're we're scraping the bottom. Smart. Smart SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm. JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart


Less. Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today,


Lavender is back at Starbucks. Put some spring in your cup with the iced lavender matcha. And now here you go. Your iced lavender lattes are ready at Starbucks.


SmartLess is brought to you by Audi. It's not every day you get excited by a new car, but the all new Audi Q six e-tron is more than a new ev. It's a new way to experience driving. Embrace the thrill of the drive with effortless power, serious acceleration, and the most advanced tech of any Audi ever. With an all new panoramic digital stage and legendary Audi performance, it's impossible not to love the all new Audi Q six e-tron. I should know I drive one. Learn more at audi USA dot com.