
Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars. Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars, okay? Not flying cars, but as soon as those get invented, they'll be on Autotrader Snap. But they do have extensive search features. And Kelley Blue Book, my Wallet, a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So whether you want something practical with no surprise costs or the latest trends, if you see a car you like, find it on Autotrader.


If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey guys, I'm sure you're like the rest of the country and you checked out the Super Bowl and all the great commercials. There was one that really stood out called Stand Up to All Hate that starred Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady. It was really, really powerful. And the reasons for hate are just so stupid. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So please join us at SmartLess and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is a powerful tool in this fight. Learn more by following at what's up with Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Guys, let's just scooch in here real quick. Let's just wedge our way in here. It tight right before tight. We're gonna start a new, But I just wanna scooch right in here, right before we start and, and just kind of look a you in The eye. Little appetizer, a little audio appetizer, a little Appetizer. Just get a little scooch in. Just kinda look a quick little Win, Sean. Let's just make it a twosome today. Okay, Randy, Here we go. Hi. Welcome to Smartlist. Yes, I'm wedged in. This is the Other guy. Who's that Other guy still wedged in? Here we go. Smart, Smart, smart.


Less. Sean. Where'd you get that sweet SmartLess hat. Isn't that cool? From the, from the merch store at SiriusXM. So you go to SiriusXM, you can just buy like SmartLess, like t-shirts, hats, and like what if I wanted like leg warmers? Do they have those? Why? Yes, you, yes, yes. You could do all that. You know? Do we get any trick? Does anyone This was sent me that we talked to about before sent. Yeah. Why'd they send us that? I got one of those too. I Don't know. Did you get it or no? I did get it. Why did they send us one of those hats? They're particularly proud Of it. I dunno. 'cause they're like new, I guess, in the store. They're Pretty sweet. Amanda stole mine immediately. No. Yeah, That's really cool. Who came up with those? Sean? You had a hand in that?


That particular hat, right? No, I didn't. I haven't. No, not at all. But they Have well's got notes. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Hat. It's a trucker hat. This is like a baseball hat. We'll expect, But it's baseball hat. It's got a real, a real curve on the bill. Yeah, it is a trucker hat, which I like, but it's got a real soft top to it. Yeah, Buffalo. It's Kind of rolls back. I like a high top to my trucker hat. We call that. We call that it's almost got a slouch. And I, And I don't like it. Yeah, I know you, But you can find the high of the high top trucker hats on the site there. Yes you can. Where is That Sean? It's at the sir six. I don't know the link. Does anybody know the link? I don't know. Oh, We'll put it in the chat. Yeah, everyone's getting the chat, right? They're Listening to this. Oh yeah. People are jumping on the chat, right? Oh, hang on.


Lemme just take a look. The chat is blowing up. Wait, Jay, did you make it to Maple's game? I did. I saw the first quarter and she was, I was telling Will, oh, basketball, right? Yeah. She's got incredible ball skills, which is what I think Sean's or Will's handle. One maybe both of your handles. Ball skill coming up through high school ball. Oh, ball, skill haze. Here he comes. I love not even commenting, just watching you sort of, sort of finding the joke. And I think that what you about one of you Won. So I felt, felt all day today doing our, doing our, doing our sketches today. Yeah, We were working on something today and chatting about something today that's to come that we keep talking about.


I'm not sure we got anything usable today. I absolutely, I think we did. We did. Please. JB get break. Got Yeah, of course we did. Of, of course, of course. Of course we did. And it's, it's all in, in the vein of this fun thing that we keep talking about that we're, that we're really excited about. When Are we gonna talk more about that In a, in a few weeks? Pretty soon. When is the audience ready to hear In a, in a matter of weeks. We're gonna be able to talk about what it really is. And I think it's exciting and, and I'm very excited to share with I'm excited too. Super Excited. I think it's something that they might like, they might guess What else I'm excited about? What is it? Here we go. You're next guest. Yes. This is what I like. I like a, I like a segue more than Anything. A smooth segue Will have you figured it out yet? 'cause I was talking to Will giving him clues today. I I, I was trying to think. You were like, oh, it's so me. Gimme a clue.


I'll figure it out. I'm brighter than him. Well, I'm, I, so I'll read it. You'll guess it by the end of this intro. Here we go. We'll have to add to our SmartLess legendary all star list. That's, I I've just kind of started, but dedicated to his craft. He trained with an Olympic fencer before becoming the thing I cannot yet mention as a child. He often contemplated who he'd rather fly as Superman or Peter Pan. His career started with a role in general hospital, which primed him for the pilot of aid is enough. John Stamos As He patiently awaited May 25th, 1977, when the world would come to know him as one of the most famous heroes in cinematic history that rolls Luke Skywalker. And he, Mark Hamill is Mark Hamill. Oh, Whoa.


Whoa. Mr. Hamill. Now Sean, how are you even Well, at least you're sitting by Way. I'm not even kidding. I'm sha look, I'm shaking a little bit. Yeah, Shaking. How, how'd you get through the day? Sorry. We're gonna give you in a second. Mr. Hamill, this guy Sean Hayes. Lives and breathes. Yeah. Star Wars. I know. He Said, he said, when you, when you see my guest tonight, you're gonna be like, of course. That makes total sense. And I was like, Yeah, Who could it be? Yeah, yeah. It's not the mayor of Tine, but it's close. It's close. So wait, I just, before we start, my first of all, thank you for being on here. This is huge for me. And thank you All Of us. Billion Other people. Billion. Oh my God. Yes. This guy's a national treasure for Christ's sake. You are, And I can't believe you're, but I, before we start, I just wanna read to you what you wrote on your Instagram about Stephen King.


You wrote, it took every ounce of discipline I possess to avoid freaking out and exposing myself as the weak need, slavish, fanboy. I truly am. And of course, I feel the same way about you as you wrote about Stephen King, because I've been waiting 50 years to talk to you. Oh My God, this Is crazy. This is so good. It's crazy that I'm talking to you. Well, It's not quite 50 years. It's 47. I mean, let's be honest. 'cause the movie came out in 77. I saw a new Hope four times in a row. I I know I give Sean a lot of shit for being a Star Wars. I saw the first one four times in the theaters when I was a kid. Well see. You were all like 12, 13, 14. I was seven. We were both seven. Sean And I were both seven.


They both look Much older than I do, but so Well Now Will, did you pay four times for it or did you just Yeah, yeah. I went four times. I went, yes, of Course you left the theater and reentered four times. Could it, nobody could believe it was a phenomenon that, that nobody could believe it. It changed everything. And we were like, we talk About it all the time on this show. When we talk about we Do, we do talk And I give Sean a lot of shit just for, for being a nerd, mark. But that's not the only reason. He's a nerd. He's a nerd for a lot of other reasons. Mark, how was it to continue being a part of that going forward? On and on? Did you think it would go on this long? Oh, of course not. No. No. Not at all. Although when we were doing it, I remember the first couple of days we shot in North Africa, I went over with Guinness and the droids, And I hadn't met Carrier Harrison yet.


And I said to George, why is this episode four? Why aren't you starting? Wow. With episode one? He goes, well, well episode one, it's a lot of exposition and it's more political. Wow, this trilogy's much more commercial. So he knew and did, Did he, did he already have plans that he would go back and do those first three? Or did he just kind of jettison that from the very beginning and just like, ah, yeah, we're just gonna not even do those three? Well, the way I understood it was that he originally had planned four, trilogy of 12. But when we were shooting, I asked him about the first trilogy and he said, he explained, well, this is more commercial. There's a lot of exposition and it's political and it's about taxation and blah, blah, blah.


So I wanted to, he wanted the the you to feel like you walked into a serial chapter play and you'd missed the first few episodes. That's why they had the crawl to bring you up to speed. Right. But I mean, as actors, you must appreciate this. When I auditioned, we just had a, it was an open cattle call. Brian de Palmer was casting Stephen King's carry the Horror Yes. Movie set in high school. And George was casting Star Wars and it was a cattle call. Like I say, you sat down, they said, tell us a little about yourself. And you talked for five minutes. And they said, thank you. They had, they didn't talk about the project at all. But here's the interesting part.


My agent says, okay, you've got a screen test. We're sending you the page. It was like a 10 page scene with Harrison as Han Solo in the cockpit of the Millennium Falcon. No, Wooki, just the two of us. But there was no context. I mean, I'm reading this thing going, wait a second, is this like a parody or a sendup of of Flash Gordon? Is it like Mel Mel Brooks or whatever? So I, I, when I went to the audition And I went to Harrison because he had done American Graffiti, he'd known George And I said, Harrison, is this like, are we, is this like a sendup? I mean, is it, he said, Hey kid, let's just get it done. You know, He was Absolutely no how I could listen to you imitate him all day.


Was Was, so was he, did he have to audition at all or was he, he was already set in that part coming off of American Graffiti? Well, no, he'd already in American Graffiti when I did the screen test. I don't know whether he was set or not be, but he did do a screen test with Carrie. So I guess Okay. George was fairly sure and there were two sets of three. And Marsha Lucas is George's wife said when he was packing to go to London, he hadn't decided between the two. I mean, there was no mix and match. It was me, Harrison, and Carrie, or Will Seltzer, Terry Nunn, And I forget now, who's Han Solo. And she took credit. She said, I'm the one that suggests me go with you guys. That's Great.


That's amazing. But here's, Here's what's so interesting is, And I went to George at the same audition, said the same thing. I said to Harrison, is this like a, a parody or weer? He went, let's just do it and we'll talk about it later. Translation, translation. Let's just do it. And we'll never talk about it later. Sure, sure. Shut up and hit your Mark. Exactly. George is not a, like a, he's not an actor's director. He comes alive in the editing room. He, he doesn't wanna hear about backstory or motivation or whatever. Now, Irvin Kirschner was the opposite. He was very much into that. He did empire. But like I say, the moment my agent said, okay, you got it, and they're sending the script over.


I will never forget reading that script for the first time. 'cause it just blew my mind. I mean, even without John Williams music. So it Was that Guy or the special effects. Yes. It was all on the page. You guys, you really got the sense of isn't That amazing? Yes, it was. I And what about you realizing what part you had just gotten to? Well, that's, that's it. I have to tell you, Jason, when I, it was weeks, maybe a month later, and when I tested, I figured, oh, Harrison's the leading man. Right? I'm like the annoying sidekick. Right, right. Because I'm badgering him and all this stuff. Right. That's your story. And I have to do this for you. I mean, my daughter's through this a million times.


There was a line in the screen test that thankfully was not in the finished product. We're going towards the Death Star. And so says basically, look, I've done my part. What when we get to an inhabitable asteroid, I'm jumping you and the droid's off and here's my actual line, but we can't turn back. Fear is their greatest defense. I doubt if the actual security any greater than it was on Aquila or Solace. And what there is is most likely directed towards a large scale assault. Now try and make that sound like it's a spontaneous thought just coming off the top of your head.


Mean it just did. And I mean, you could diagram the sentence. Well, Whenever, whenever Scottie And I run out to the store, we say this line, we say, oh, this should be great. But I was going into Tahi Station to pick up some power converters, which is here. It's here. It's, I was going into Tahi Station to pick up some power converters there. You, you Know, and pe people don't believe me, But I was trying to be as whiny baby as I could, So I had somewhere to go. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, For sure. Yeah. You had to be this kid who didn't. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And you gotta be as annoying and whiny as possible. But you know, I still get garbage over that over the years. 'cause, but I, But I just, I just want, I just, I didn't even tell you this, Sean.


I just watched a New Hope again recently with the little kids. Oh yeah. And with my kids. And, And I, it just, it holds up in the most crazy Hold up ccra and hold up The crazy, how old is it? How old is it? What is it? 15, 19 77. You shot it in, shot it in 76 and it came out in 77. You Guys shot, so what Is that? You shot it in 76? It's 48 years. 40 man. Yeah, I was But you, 24. Almost 49. Wow. So you go, so you shoot that thing in, in 1976 in, in London and in North Africa. Right, right. And I remember, by the way, I remember my friend, this guy I worked with, Peter Cone, who, he was a first assistant director on lots of big movies, but one of his first jobs, he was a pa Right.


On A New Hope Peter. Was He? Yes. And the thing was, he was not gonna be able to go to, they weren't taking him to North Africa, but when they discovered he spoke French, he was in, and he was like 19. And we became fast friends. And he's still one of my closest friends today. Wow. I love That. He's, he's a great guy. He's a And I, I worked with him on a couple movies. He was the first ad on Blades of Glory. He was also first ad on with Nail And I, which is my favorite film of All time. Yes. Yeah, it's Great. So, but I remember him telling me, and, and maybe Mark, you can talk, speak to this telling me about, like, for instance, R 2D two was just like this because it was 1976. It was just like this bucket, like this metallic.


Yeah. And they would, it would fall over. They'd kick it. Yes, Yes, exactly. It's a marvel of editing because You said Sean, why are you crying, Sean? I I I'm on the verge. She's just kidding. On the Verge. No, but tell us. Well, no, it was like you say, I mean, George called it the most expensive low budget movie ever made. Yeah, yeah. Right. And what he meant by that was every single penny has to be up on the screen. The only people they actually had to pay decent salaries to would be Alec Guinness and Peter Cushing. Right. All of us were unknown. So I think I got a thousand a week. I remember complaining to my agent And I, whoa, I make 8,000 to 10,000 on television a week. And she said, Hey, get a grip. It's a movie. It's George Lucas, it's Alec Guinness.


I went, right. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And as you know, I mean, money is secondary. We do this because we love it. Yes. And if you can get a, a nice salary, good for you. But, And so, but wait, what about Robert England? And for my sister Tracy, Robert England was Freddy Krueger. And he told you to audition for Star Wars. Is that true? Well, in his book he said, you know, basically if it weren't for me, mark, wouldn't it be Luke's skywork? And to be fair, I mean, I love Robert. Yeah. But when he said that to me, he had just come back from an audition. You know how it is, once you've auditioned, you feel free to tell your friends. So have you been out for this thing? Right. He said, have you been out for this George Lucas thing? And I said, no. And I went to the phone, I called my agent And I said, And I told her about it.


And she said, I'm all over it. You've got an appointment next Wednesday. So I hate to burst Robert's bubble. And it Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It makes for a better story. Sure. But Sure. It's a good soundbite. But you know what, we've put it to rest now and fucking Yeah. I'm just kidding. Exactly. I was about to unload. I dunno, the guy. It's great. Mark, were you, were you, what, what was, what was your work schedule like before Star Wars? Were you Yeah. You were in the pilot of Eight is enough. That's what I wanna know. And then you got replaced. But They changed a lot of the people in the pilot. They changed the father, they changed three siblings, including me. Big Fan Patton. I was just doing, you know, I had, I had, I did TV mo after the soap.


I did TV, movies, I don't know how many of 30 or something, between 70 and 76. And lots and lots of, you know, FBI. And so You were, you were, you were a working actor. This, this wasn't a huge shock to you, to the system when this thing took off. I mean, I guess, how can you be prepared for that, that kind of exposure? You, you can, it wasn't, you weren't, you weren't right off a truck, you know. No, no, no. Right. And, and the way I felt about it, I thought I didn't see any ads for it on television. Like I'd watch Saturday Night Live and usually they, you know, place. Yeah, right. A movie commercials there. I didn't see it. And on the day it opened, the driver picked me up to go dub the 35 millimeter prints.


'cause it only opened in like 16 theaters in 70 millimeter. And I said, can you drive by grommet Chinese? I wanna see what it looks like up on the marquee. Well, here's a fun fact. There was such disagreement on how to promote it at Fox that it opened with no poster. Wow. Oh wow. That'ss Crazy. They just stapled the lobby cards up because they couldn't, is this like, the one faction was promoting it like a, a a, an entertainment journey beyond your imagination? Far beyond the other one was like pushing the more comedic aspects, you know, little Rascals and outer space. But they couldn't agree Ra. So anyway, I said, can you drive by Groms? And now what I thought was, this thing's gonna take a couple of weeks to get going.


'cause the hardcore sci-fi fantasy horror fans are all gonna see it on day one. But it'll take word of mouth for it to spread and say, Hey, you know what? It's pretty funny too. And it's, you know, it's all these things, right? Yeah. But, so anyway, we drove by And I couldn't believe my eyes, there were lines around the block the first day. So I, I couldn't figure it out. Yeah. What was the promotion that got the, that got that amount of interest going? I was too young to really notice it. But how do you think they, they, they accrued that much interest in it without the posters instead of the Commercials? Well, they did a poster, but I think Hildebrand was the artist and they depicted Luke as like six two and ripped with, you know, muscles and, you know, whole thing.


Didn't look anything like me. And I Didn't even audition. But yeah. You know, you know. But you know what's funny though, that what, what a great example I get once again of how fucking lucky the Suits got. Oh Yeah. And, and, and they kind of got in their own way and couldn't agree on a poster Yeah. And who were so quick to rush to, to take credit for shit and blah, blah blah. And I know that, But was the merits of it that, that gave it Its wax and it was the merits of the, of the, of the, of the, the, the, you know, the, the picture itself. They got it to where and created this thing. Yeah. And how quickly do you think Mark those same people who decided that they couldn't figure out to put a fucking poster out or whatever. How quickly do you think they took credit at dinner that night?


Sure. Or the next week, or at a lunch with other It's Fucking Yeah. Isn't way absurd. Yeah. Isn't that the way? 'cause they really didn't see any potential. And they, you know, we didn't of course, Of course didn't. They were really prepared to dump it. But, you know, George had made a graffiti at Universal, and the head of Universal wanted to dump it on the second half of a double bill. And it was only Francis Ford Coppola that went to him and said, look, you've gotta give this a chance. Because they were mad 'cause they spent so much money to get the rights to all the music, all the vintage rock and roll. But to think that, that, that American graffiti could have been just thrown away and they never learn. Yeah, We'll be right back.


It is time to finally get the mattress of your dreams with Helix Sleep with Helix. You can find the perfect mattress for you. Whether you're a side sleeper, a stomach sleeper, a classic flat on your back style sleeper. There's something for everyone from soft medium and firm feels, and different levels of support. Helix makes sure you are taken care of and can make the most of those restful moments when we recharge at night. And I mean, you know, look after, after a a, a good night's sleep on one of these helix mattresses, you get a real pep tear step. You know? And, and speaking of steps, they made a really nice step, step of the heart by, by donating a bunch of mattresses to some of the folks that were recently displaced from the fires here in Los Angeles. So I just wanna acknowledge that and say thank you on behalf of SmartLess. That was a really cool thing to do. And so anyway, go to helix.com/smartlist for 27% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase. That's helix.com/ SmartLess for 27% off sitewide plus two free dream pillows with mattress purchase.


Hey guys, you wanna know an easy genius hack to improve your life, eat more Reese's Peanut butter cups. Sure there are countless life coaches, gurus, and thought leaders out there, but none of them are sharing this simple secret. Eating a Reese's Peanut butter cup brings a burst of joy to your day. They've got the perfect ratio of sweet chocolate to salty peanut butter that's sure to satisfy. And there's no wrong way to eat one. It's all about whatever makes you happy. I should speak right. I love them. Shop Reese's Peanut butter cups now at a store near you found wherever Candy is sold,


While Hilton is always expected to have top notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


And now back to the show. Hey, what did John Williams done before he did Jaws before this? Oh my God, Yes. He did So much. No, but before Jaws or This he did Lost in Space. He did. Yeah. He was billed as Johnny Williams and he did a lot of universal television shows. Yeah. I mean, we were, So I Say he did Gilligan's Island, Aside from did he really? Aside from George, I think he's probably more responsible for the success of that film than any other single person. 'cause when I remember Gary Ler producer picked me up to go to another dubbing session, he said, oh, I just got the, the score from, you know, I was over in London with a, when he put it on you guys, I'm telling you.


Yeah. I felt tears Streaming Down my face. Face Sure's so Powerful. I just couldn't. Exactly. Yeah. I wanted also wanted to finish the story about me reading it for the first time. Remember? Yes. I got it without reading a script. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I just had read that one. Yeah. Sorry, Keep going. Yeah, yeah. Well, Here's the thing. When I, when I opened to the first page, it said The Adventures of Luke Star Killer as taken from the Journal of the Wills. Yes. Saga number one, the Star Wars. And I'm thinking, wait a minute, wasn't I Luke? No, I guess Harrison was Luke. 'cause I figured right. He's, he was a traditional leading man. He was 35 or whatever, and he was Harrison four.


Come on. So I'm starting to read this thing And I, you know, I, in the very beginning I realized, oh my God, this is seen through the eyes of this teenage farm boy. Right. I mean, that was unusual in and of itself. You'd think it'd probably be through the eyes of, of Han Solo. But I mean, that's the journey that, that, that Give us a little bit of Harrison's reaction when he read the script. He's like, what the hell? Well, Hell, by the way, Sean, I have to tell you, after I, I didn't say, oh, I'm gonna go do an impression of Harrison Ford. I was on Seth Meyers And I was just relaying a story that happened to us when we were on The Death Star.


I we were midday. And I said, wait a second, this scene takes place After we were in the trash compactor, which we hadn't filmed yet. Yeah. Or maybe we had, 'cause I said, shouldn't I have like some schotts and messy hair and coffee grounds polystyrene in my Yeah. In my hair. And he goes, Hey kid, it ain't that kind of movie. If anybody's looking at your hair, we're all in big trouble. And I went, Boy is he Right. He so Right. Great. You know, I told him, I said, you know, you ba you really make a great director if you weren't so lazy.


'cause he knows his part and he knows everybody. And he'll, he'll give you suggestions. They're all gold. I just idolized him. I mean, when he walked in the door the first time, 'cause I went back after doing the stuff in Africa, Harrison came first and he comes on the sound stage, you know, in his Han Solo gear. And I just, I'd already liked him in the conversation and, and American Graffiti anyway. Yeah. But I mean, I just was, the relationship was real because I idolized him. I looked at him as a mentor and older brother and all that. So I love that. You was so fucking cool with the vest and shit.


I, And when I read it, I thought, oh my God, why don't I ever get the part of the womanizing, you know, gambler and scoundrel. You know, I'm just like, oh, I'm coming it station What? I did a thing for Vanity Fair West and they said, you can do any, you know, any sort of character from a film, blah, blah, blah. And I went as Harrison Ford from, from Star Wars. Oh, wow. Yeah. With, because I was like, yeah. He was like, he was a cowboy. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like he Was Yeah. Speaking of that, speaking of that, you must know, mark, that, that these guys know Scotty, my husband is as big a fan, bigger as I am. And we, we've, you know, we're, how Far off camera is he right now? He's, He might be coming on right this second. Oh, good. All right. As, 'cause he has a couple.


Alright. He's dressed as Kyren. As Kyren. Does he get nerdier, Scotty in the Kyren? More royalties for George Lucas. Very vivid. I, And so Scotty's got like a couple. Hi Scott. He's been waiting, waiting, waiting. I've been sitting here for like an hour. Funny. You know, my mom told me, she said, when you were born, I couldn't decide on a name. It was between Mark and Scott. And they said, if you don't decide right now, we're just gonna put baby Hamel on the birth certificate. So she literally flipped a coin. And of course when you, she tells you that at age seven, you go, oh, Scott's so much a cooler name. You should name me Scott.


You always want what you don't have. Right. But Scott, I'm, I'm a big fan, but Scotty's like a mega mega fan. Alright, go Scott. And he's got a couple questions And I, it's, it's, it's next. Hang on, hang on. First of all, welcome to SmartLess Scott. Yeah. I Think this is Scotty's debut. Is it not debut Kind of on the proper On the proper podcast? Yeah. On the proper podcast. I may, I may have been seen in the background, but that's Ale. Very Mark. It's such an honor to meet you. I mean, it just, thank you. It goes without saying. I'm such a huge fan And I am. But I, I think my question really is, at what point when everything was done, the film was done, it was completed, and it was about to come out and all of that.


I know the typical question is, did you know it was gonna be a hit? Of course nobody knows it's gonna be a hit. Right. Anything's gonna be a hit. It just, it's not up to us. But when did you have that visceral sort of reaction like we all had? Or did you ever have it, like audiences had where you realized, oh, this is, this is something bigger than all of us. This isvi There was a moment and it was, we, the, they sent the three of us, Carrie Harrison and me on to, to promote it. And we did Vancouver. I don't think it had opened. And then it opened. And when we came into Chicago, I looked outside the plane And I saw massive crowds. And I said, Hey you guys, there's somebody famous on this plane.


Mm. And we were, we were looking around to see if like there was a big sports star or whatever. And then as we got closer, said, Hey Carrie, look, that girl has buns on. She's got the Princess Leba Harrison. That guy's got a a a the vest and everything. Wow. Somebody had made a Luke tunic out of a pillow. 'cause there were people dressed like us. And I, we all looked at each and show like, whoa. Yeah, that's above and beyond. I mean, that is crazy. You want to be a successful movie, but when you see people then role playing, Especially 50 years later, right? I mean, it's like, Hey, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Like a grown man. Go ahead. Next question, Scotty, Listen, I'm, I'm here, I'm here to give Sean a break from the harassment.


It's now for me. So, well, listen, I Love it. I have to tell you, it's a double-edged sword because what'll happen is, and this has been happening for 20, 30 years, the kids that were little when it came out are now parents of their own. And you'll be in an airport or something and, you know, a five or 6-year-old, they think we made Star Wars two weeks ago. I mean, there's nothing to really date it in terms of models of cars or clothing or whatever. Mm. So they have no concept of time. And so they'll be, you know, the parents will gesture to a 55-year-old me and go, Hey kids, look who it is. It's Luke Skywalker. And they look at This, Look at me in horror like, God, what happened to this guy?


He really let himself go. Great makeup artist in the movie. Yeah, exactly. So, So wait, so Scotty, do you have another question before you take off? Oh, Jesus Christ. No, I, I I didn't realize I'd be by No, you can hang out. I didn't know if you wanted to. No, No, no, no. I, I Would love to. Oh, hang on, Hang on, hang on, hang on. Hang on one second. Lemme just let, I Would love a fight. Scottie here. Scottie, I don't think that Sean meant that. I think that what he meant meant to say like, he didn't know if you had more, Sean, I got this. And then, yeah, Sean, thank you Sean. Look at Scotty and tell him what you meant to say. Well, what I meant to say was, I didn't know if you had to go somewhere And I didn't want to keep you on. Well, Where the fuck does he have to go? Be honest. I mean, what are you talking, this is Great. And now Scott, how are you feeling?


No, no. Look at Sean and you tell him how you are feeling. Oh, I, I, I'm, I'm feeling wonderful and thank you for the opportunity. This is great. It's a pleasure to be here. And I, Well, our hours, I'm glad nothing Mark could be here for the, the two, two of the biggest Star Wars fans in the world. That Mark, you could see them work Out in couples therapy, in Couples therapy. We owe everything to the fans. If it weren't for them, we wouldn't, we wouldn't be anywhere. Right. Right. And we Get that. Wait, Scott, you gotta, you gotta, you have to have one last burning desire question you must Have. Yeah. Something. Oh gosh. What about the, what about Norway with the empire strikes back and the snow? Remember we were talking about that? Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Wasn't there, I I, I, I could have this wrong, but wasn't there a thing where you guys were, you know, where you were in Norway was, it was just absolutely treacherous with all the snow.


Right. And I think you guys were scheduled to, to go shoot somewhere or whatever it was, but it was so bad. Then you just went out the back door and did Stuff. Exactly. Here's what happened. They, they, they had, you know, our luck was terrible. We had rainstorms in Tunisia that cost us, we had to shut down. Then we go to Norway, it was like the coldest winter in, I don't know, 11 billion years, whatever it was. And they had found a, a glacier, which was about an hour and a half from where we were staying. And we would take, we were meant to go on snow buggies because it photographed on camera. It photographed blue.


And I re remember now, this is the days before a lot of CGI, everything was practical in those days. So the day arrives for us to go to this blue glacier, and they said, it's, it's impossible. And we go there, it'll be whited out from the blizzard. So, like you say, it's me, it was Han Solo rescuing Luke in the snow after getting hit by the wampa. Yeah. And if you turn the camera around, there's people on the balcony sipping Coco watching us. Wow. Oh wow. We're we're about a hundred yards from the back of hotel. That's Crazy. This is where you cut the belly open on the thingy and you got inside. Yes. Exactly. Exactly. No way. Wow. That is crazy. They were all enjoying it. But it, it's funny now because, you know, in those days there wasn't so much security.


In other words, when I read Star Wars, I just blew my mind And I said, oh my God, I've gotta get my friend Jonathan to read this. So my best friend Jonathan worked down at the LA Art Museum And I passed it to him, and he, and he read it. He said, yeah, Mo, I don't know how they're gonna do this or what it is really. He goes, can I, can I give it to Meredith? I said, yeah, sure. So we passed it all around and all my, all my friends read it. Yeah. It was before everything was coded with watermark with your name on it. Right. Right. Where you have to protect it with your life. But it was just a different time. That's wild. And I say I had a blast. I mean, one thing that hit me, I said, you know what the, what I love about this is you can take from it what you want.


In other words, it's effortlessly feminist. The princess is anything but a shrinking violet. She takes over her own rescue. Right. Makes Han and Luke look like a couple of chumps. Right. You call this a rescue, gimme that gun. Yeah. And she's standing up to va her nose to nose and, you know, really giving him. Right. And, And so what I'm saying is that, is, is it's just accepted and, and it's, it's, It's ahead of its time. How long was the shoot? Do you remember that? Yeah, it was like, I think it was scheduled for 10 weeks and we went 12. Wow. That's nice. But that was, I mean, that was Star Wars on Empire. It was crazy because it was scheduled for three months, four months, everybody wrapped and went home.


And I was still the only human being on the call sheet. There was a puppet, a robot, various snakes and lizards and one human being. 'cause they built Deba on a, on a sound stage at L Street. And, you know, we, I mean, it, it's amazing that we could get away with that. 'cause I, when I was reading the script, I said, how are they gonna do Yoda? Is it gonna be, is it gonna be, you know, stop frame animation or whatever? I didn't, it was gonna be a puppet. Yeah, yeah. But I'm telling you, Frank Oz is such an artist when he puts that thing on, you're just there, you know, it was so real to me. And he was always breaking down. The eyes would go cockey, the ears wouldn't work.


Right. So they had like a standin, which was just a foam mold of his face, you know, with a piece of blue tape where his eyes are supposed to be. And so every time you see me on, in a single talking to him, he's not there. But I can, I can be a Jedi. Right. I'm saying to this foam rubber. But I Again, Frank, yeah, that's Oz. I mean, he's, I saw we're the best of friends. What is it? All these years later. Great. He's just one of my favorite people in the business. That's great. And so talented. Oh, it's so amazed. Scotty. Scotty, before you go now I'm saying, before you go, before you go, before you go, do you want to do your Yoda impression from Mark?


Oh Yes. Let's hear it. Oh Boy. Here we go. No, I'm kidding. I'm Kidding. I'm sure it's never been done. Oh, there you go. There we go. That was great. That was great. That was great. We go. Very good. That was good. No, thank you guys. Thank you so much. Thanks Scottie. I'll see you. Thank you, Scottie. That happens All the time. I was on CNN and Jim Acosta did an Yoda impression there. Right? Yeah. Right. So everybody, everybody reverts to their nine year old nerd self. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Because, because it's like unlike anything else. Everybody on the planet has seen it and knows what it is. Think about that. Yeah. That's, it's strange. That's crazy. And I have to tell you, when I read it, I thought, you know, this is, I am so there.


I mean, even if I had not gotten the part, I Would be dying to see this movie. Right. That's, that's how I felt about it. Well, do, do you remember, you know, I love that story that you talk about on, on Empire where you, when everybody, you know, if the camera were to turn around, they'd see people sipping Coco on, on the, on the deck. Do you look at certain scenes from over the years, from over all the movies and go like, I, well I've done this before, but you, but you go like, oh, I remember I was really sick that day. Like, you watch a take and you go, oh yeah, that was the day I ate the Bad Fish. Well, that was the first scene we shot, or the last scene we shot. You Know, I I saw them when they came out. Yeah. But I, I don't go back and see 'em again. In fact, when they did the reissue with the special editions, when they called me And I said, oh yeah, if you can send me a copy, I'd like to see it.


When my kids heard about it, they said, are you kidding? You're not gonna go see it in the theater. I said, why do you guys wanna see it? You've seen it a bazillion times on, on video. They said, but never on a big screen. Yeah. Oh yeah. So I did, I saw, I saw Empire and the First one, empire and Jedi once in the theater, but I haven't seen 'em again since. And the same with the sequels. You see 'em and then you just move on. Wait, you, you've seen Star Wars Empire and Jedi only once in the movie theaters and never again. No. Yeah. I don't watch 'em on video to tell you the truth. And there's, there's, that's, there's a certain disconnect because the fans have seen them not only far more recently, but many, many, many, many, many more times than I have.


Right. So they'll ask me questions where I go, wait a second. 'cause this is, do we go to the Yeah, yeah. Right. This planet. They go, well, it's not in a movie. It's in splinter of the mind's eye. It's a novel by Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Harry Dean Fox. So they, they play the games. They read the books and they know way more about it. I know. I've disappointed people. I took a Star Wars quiz once and flunked it. Nathan said it was multiple choice. What kind of memorial They, yeah. I was gonna ask you when the last time was that you saw the first one, star Wars? Well, would've been 97 'cause it was the 20th anniversary of the, when it first came out. But I mean, the question's like, what was Hans Solo smuggling a jewelry, B units C, it was spices.


And who knows the, I mean, the minutiae that these people have is really astonishing. Yeah. And I hate to disappoint people if I go to these Didn't They have spice on Dune too? Was it Dune? Yeah. They had spice on Dune. Yeah. What's What? The Spices in space. Yeah. Well people like, I thought it's a real hot commodity in space here. You know, it get some tarragon up in space and you're moving up the bat, you're the highest of cotton. Yeah. Go ahead. What is the craziest fan interaction you've had? Well, God, like do you have like besides today with Scotty? Well, I, number one don't sign body parts. Oh boy. Sure enough. No good can come from that. Okay. Noted. For the most part. You know what it's like.


I mean, yeah, yeah, yeah. When, when it all happened and went crazy, we were sort of in the center of the storm. So it seemed like everybody was going nuts around us. We weren't going nuts. Right, Right, right, Right. But it was a different time. I mean, you'd have people just proposition you like, really? Yeah. Come on back. Yeah. And we will be right


back. Hey guys, you wanna know an easy genius hack to improve your life? Eat more Reese's Peanut butter cups. Sure. There are countless life coaches, gurus, and thought leaders out there, but none of them are sharing this simple secret. Eating a Reese's Peanut butter cup brings a burst of joy to your day. They've got the perfect ratio of sweet chocolate to salty peanut butter. That's sure to satisfy. And there's no wrong way to eat one. It's all about whatever makes you happy. I should speak right. I love them. Shop Reese's Peanut butter cups now at a store near you found Wherever candy is sold,


While Hilton is always expected to have top notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams and iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton Honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


So if you're anything like me on my laptop, on my desktop, on my laptop, it's just full of open windows and like icons and stuff like that. And it gets really, really messy. And it's hard to focus sometimes. And I need to get a little bit more organized because my time, like your time, I'm guessing and expertise are valuable. And with professional spending nearly half the work week on written communication focus is one of the most important things to have at work. With Grammarly as your AI writing partner, you can stay focused and get through your work faster with relevant real-time suggestions. Wherever you write. It's awesome. Grammarly helps with any writing from brainstorming to sounding more confident and persuasive at work. 90% of professionals say Grammarly has saved them time writing and editing their work. And four out of five professionals say Grammarly helps them gain buy-in and action through their communication experience. The gold standard of responsible AI with Grammarly for 15 years, Grammarly has helped professionals do more with their writing. You can trust that your data is secure and never sold. So I've used it because, look, this is called SmartLess. But Grammarly helps us be a tiny bit smarter because when I'm writing something, I'll use it to think of a smarter word that I'm not thinking of or can't think of. And just like that, voila, I'm like, I sound smarter than I am. Get more done with Grammarly. Download Grammarly for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's grammarly.com/podcast.


And back to the show, Somebody asked me recently, they said, if you had a time machine and you could go back to any time to live, what would it be? And I said, late seventies California. Yeah. Because it feels like it was like a, just like a a kind of unregulated, yeah. Just kind of a constant sunset. Big party. Just good time party. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No rules. Kind of easy. It was great. Breezy was great, man. Yeah, it was great man. Well, you were nine, but, but mark, you as somebody who was like at the pinnacle of the film industry in that time, it must have been a lot of fun. Yeah, it was. But you always try and say, I haven't changed. Everybody else is going bonkers.


But you know, you want to hang on to that. And plus you, I immediately tried to throw myself into things because I wanted to do character parts. I wasn't getting them. You know how these guys, you do one thing? Well, they want you to do the same thing over and over again. Yeah. Yeah. So I went to New York And I was able to do character parts. It wasn't until I discovered animation where I went, oh, where's this been all my life? Because they captured their ears, not their eyes. Yeah, yeah. And you're able to play all these parts. You'd never get on camera. I Would, yeah. You're like such a superstar, voiceover actor now. It's incredible. But I'm, I'm too short to be the joker. You know, he's six two. What I'm, you know, I'm five nine at best. But wait a minute. This is, this is, this is you as the joker, which is fucking crazy.


It's incredible Because now there's a teeny little bit of me and you two. That's why aren't you laughing? Wow. Incredible. That's, That's from arc of asylum. And you know, I had done the role for however long the first iteration came in. There's so many good jokers after me. Kevin Michael Richardson and Jeff Bennett. No, You're, you're one of the most iconic ones now. It's incredible. But what I'm saying is, when we got to the video games, 'cause I mean, I get mail in the original incarnation saying, why doesn't the joker kill more people? And you have to say it's a children's cartoon. Yeah. There's the standards and practices. There was a list of things that you could not do.


You could not punch someone directly in the face. You couldn't throw someone through a play class window. No nudity, no liquor, no drugs, et cetera. Somebody made a drawing. Bruce, Tim made a drawing of Batman flying through a, a, a glass window with a gin bottle and a hypodermic needle. And a girl, you know, bare chest. And he broke all the rules in one. But when, by the time we got to the video games, which is, I don't know, I'm bad on time these days, but 10, 15, 20 years later. 'cause Kevin Conroy was always my Batman. Okay. That's what I was gonna ask you who your Batman was. Yeah, Kevin Conroy. When Kevin passed, I said, this is the time for me not to do it anymore.


Because, you know, I got to the point where my agent would call and they say, they want you for Joker. I'd say, is Kevin doing it? If they said yes, I'd say, then I'm in. I wouldn't even have to read it. But what I couldn't get used to was the video games. 'cause they were for 16 and older and people did die. I mean, there was, I'm looking like going, can we say this much more sophisticated than the early stuff? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. For sure. Yeah. But I want to ask you a question, Sean. Yeah. Because one of the things I miss about living in New York, 'cause we had an apartment there for 19 years, is, is seeing theater. And I would've loved to have seen you play Oscar Levan.


'cause I could see it. I could. It was, I could see your face morphing into that character. Oh, so long. Oscar was such a good, oh dude. And when I was a kid, I mean on, on on in the summertime, I could stay up past my bedtime and watch Twilight Zone and Dick Van Dyke and all the shows I loved. And I saw, I used to watch Jack Parr and Steve Allen and Oscar Levan fascinated me as a kid. 'cause he was effortlessly witty. But he had all these ticks and Yeah. Nervous ticks and the smoking and all of it. And I thought, oh, Thanks Rick. Well, You know, but I thought you Did. Well, I'm gonna do it again in London in next summer. But just for a limited time. If you find yourself out that way, I'll keep that in mind.


Yeah. Keep, I'll keep, keep that in mind. Keep Sean, what a mind blow if you go and you're doing a play that you wanted Tony for which again, sorry, just a quick Yeah, you wanted Tony for sure. And then you get to go and you do it on the west end of London. Yeah. And you've just invited Mark Hamill. Mark Hamill. I know. That is Crazy. No, it's true. Mark. This is big for him. This be a big Circle. This is huge. Big for anybody, but it's big. I had A rule with a stage manager. I say, don't tell me who's out front. 'cause the one, what happened was I came in and everyone said, you know, who's in the audience? Jackie Gleason. Yeah. And I Thought, freak out. No, because Harrigan and Hart had been pitched to Gleason and Carney in the sixties and it didn't happen for whatever reason.


But he, you know, he's really familiar with that era and that music and all of it. So, I mean, it, it was something I wish I had not known because Yeah, yeah, yeah. Makes you want you nervous be totally there. You don't want be thinking, oh, what did Jackie think of that? Right, right. For sure. For sure. And sometimes, you know, you can't, people you can't help it. 'cause other cast members would be like, did you hear Meryl Meryl Streeps in the audience? Like, oh Yeah. I mean, it's terrible. So I mean, they would tell me when I Would come off, they'd hand me a note and I'd see, you know, who was there. But yeah, that must have been my probably easier for you to do Lavan than doing someone as recognizable as Jerry Lewis. And you just killed It. Oh, Thanks. You know what, you know what he was, let me put it this way. My, my review was, it was Oscar Levi, just as I remembered him.


Oh God. That's what my dad wrote. Okay. So anyway, So I can't believe you remember that. Well, did you, Did Will and Jason meet on Arrested Development? Is that where you guys met? Yeah, We did. Yeah, we did. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And by the way, I'm still mad they canceled that everything I like gets canceled. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I hold grudges for, I'm still mad. They canceled square pegs. And that was 1982. Oh My God. Remember that? Oh my God. Yeah. But then Bill, Sarah, Jessica Parker never would've done Sex in the city There. Buffalo Bill with Dabney Coleman. Oh boy. Was That good. Buffalo Colucci Department. Mark, I got a question for you. When you said you, you, you were, you had done the pilot, you got fired from a eight is enough.


Is that what happened? You and, or they you got replaced? No, They just, they redid it with, like I say, a different father. Right. They, well that's, we call that fired. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, sure. I Was fired. But what year, like, how soon, soon after that did Star Wars happen? Well, I think it, yeah, it was probably six months later or something. Nice. So what what's crazy about it is, the reason I bring it up, and I've talked about this before, is six months before I got the pilot for rest of development that changed my life, I got let go from a show. They replaced my character, actually. They just wrote out. And at the time I was like, oh, I was a serious regular on a, on a sitcom. I was gonna make money and all this kind of shit.


And I got so bad and six months later I didn't know that the universe had made space for me to have to do the thing that would change my Oh Life. Oh, see. And so it's very, so now I didn't become a global superstar in the way you did, but No, no. But, but, but still it like was the thing that really propelled me and gave me, you know, the, a career I had a similar thing happen. I got a part on the Texas Wheelers with Jack Elam, you know, that Cockeye character actor from Westerns. Yep. Now when he did support your local sheriff, support your local gunfire, then he got to show his comedy chops. And this pilot was an irreverent, it was like the anti Waltons. We all, Gary Busey was the, the, the titular head of the family.


'cause Jack comes back in the pilot having been in jail for stealing a car or whatever. But my character, Doobie Doobie Wheeler Duby was, what I loved about it was he was hilarious. But he did, he was so serious about himself. He took himself very seriously. Thought he was a womanizer even though he was a virgin. All these things. It was really for its time. In 1974, I remember time A or New York Times said po possibly the finest bucolic comedy since Tobacco Road. And I said, oh man, not only is this a breakout part, but it's a comedy part. 'cause most part I was playing real straightforward high school students and that kind of stuff.


So I was really jazzed. And it came out and we made 13 episode. It got canceled after four episodes. And I was devastated. 'cause I said, I'm not gonna get another good part like this. Wow. I, I just don't see it happening. I was really, really depressed. But the upshot is, if that had run Yeah. Then I wouldn't have been able to do Star Wars Exactly that. That's my point. Right, Right. Which is, and we would've had Fred Freddie Krueger out there swinging around a lightsaber. I Mean, and that would've been, imagine all the scratch marks on Vader's Cave. No, actually it would've been Will Seltzer. Oh yeah. And Terry Nun from, she was in a band, oh, I can't remember now. Yeah, It's Terry Nun.


Terry Nun. She was in Not Joy Division. I don't know. Yeah, you Google it. But I mean, it was a, like I say, it was cast as a set. Not, there was no mixing and match though. Right? Yeah. Right. You came as a package. Berlin, she's the singer from Berlin. Yes. That's it. The band. Berlin's it. Yeah. Thank You. You know, mark, I I I have, as I always say with my guests that I bring on that I have 7,000 questions, but I wanted to, I, you know, we, we gotta let you go 'cause it's been an hour. And we promise we'd only have you for an hour here. So, so the, you know, all the stuff I wanted to ask you about, just like, you know, coming back to the Force Awakens and what was that with JJ Abrams?


But anyway, we'll talk about that at dinner sometime, hopefully. But I watched London, all the House of Usher. I thought you were incredible. You have the life of Chuck coming out on Netflix. Right. Which looks so good. You have the Long Walk. Another, that Stephen King movie that comes out in 2025, which is fucking, that looks incredible. Yeah. And you've been getting all these accolades for the Wild Robot, the whole, I'm, I'm the new, I'm in the new SpongeBob Squarepants. You're in the new SpongeBob Squarepants movie. That's movie. Have you Seen Wild Robot? I mean, it's Funny. Hear it. So I, We should bring it up now that it's, we're wrapping Up. I have, I've seen it. It's, it's so great. I Heard it. Fantastic. It's So great. Look, I read the book, this book by Peter Brown. There's a reason it was the number one bestseller in the New York Times and won all these awards.


It is so perfect. And I thought, please don't mess this up. If they can capture even 20% of the charm of this book. Yeah. Were on a winner. And they kept the illustrations the exact same as in the book. The cast is beyond great. I was reading the book to the kids. It's Yeah. To the kids. Yeah. It's amazing. But It's so effortless and it's so meaningful in this time about tolerance and joining together for the greater good. That's where they lost me. Well, Yeah. To be honest, if I'm being real, that's where they, They seem very timely, you know, given what we're going Through. But it's a huge hit and it's like getting recognized, which is great. It's massive. It's, it's Really, really good. I'm so lucky.


I'm so lucky. Well, mark, can I just say, just for me, you just, you're such a delight and I'm so excitedly that you're such a delight because myself, like ev so many people my age, you're such a part of just Who N we are and who we wanted to be. And the fact that you have maintained such a, such a kindness and a warmth and a decency in your, in your person, it seems, and a willingness To Embrace it is such a relief. And thank you for Being here. Yeah, thank you for saying that. But I have to tell you, these people, when they come up to you, you know, and, and talk about it, they put it in such personal terms, you know, that it helped me get through my mother's, my father's divorce, or, you know, whatever it is.


It, it, I never get tired of it. It's like, oh no, let's not talk about that again. I wanna hear what they have to say. You know, I think at this point since I, I'm sort of soft focus on the details, you know, because I haven't seen him that much. And really, Luke had a light presence in the sequels. He did a, a silent cameo in the first one and a cameo in the last one. So I only had that middle part. But what I'm saying is, th the, it's, it's something that I don't take for granted. And I think how lucky I am because people say, oh, aren't you sorry that you're remembered for nothing but Luke, when in fact, oh My God, alright. I never expected to be remembered for anything. I just wanted a giant nothing.


I mean that what what an absurd what an absurd thing. If anybody actually says that. What an absolutely absurd fucking thing to say it. The Most famous film in the history of Entertainment. You, and, and like you said, it, it's that connection. And I was, I'm gonna echo what Jason said, for a kid who grew up in, in Toronto and saw it the first time at the, what was it? The Pleasant Theater on Mount Pleasant. Yeah. In, in, in Toronto in the city. For me to be here all these years later talking to you, the impact. But that you're, you Did, you're a good Person too, is just, yeah. And then on top of it, you're a great dude. It's a gift is, is really, is really something. And I appreciate Sean mentioning Follow the House of Usher. 'cause I'm used to doing really bizarre and atypical roles in animation.


This is the first time Mike Flanagan asked me to do a character that would've been routine in animation on camera Yeah. Was so great. 'cause I thought, here's this guy so Great. Who is this soulless evil sociopath. Yeah. Yeah. Naturally they thought of me. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. That's what Said I'm so grateful to, to Mike Flanagan. But We watched it. I just love that you, you were, you knocked it outta the park. I I loved you in that part. It was so unexpected and absolutely thrilling to Watch. And it was, it was really one of those things where when I read it, I thought, how am I gonna do this? I usually have a, a slight concept of what is required of your character to make the whole thing work. And it was a huge ensemble. Mike does these wonderful, you know, the haunting of Hill House, ho Blind man, midnight mass.


So I was a huge fan of his. And I thought, even though I don't know how to do this, if he thinks I can do it, then bye, gosh, I'm gonna do it. But it was really scary 'cause when I was flying to Vancouver, I still had no idea. And little by little, his wardrobe helped me pick out his wardrobe. As I said to the hair people, this guy wants to get out bed in the morning, just dry his with one swipe of the towel. So cut it short enough so it just lays down. It doesn't stick up. Just lays down. I love that. Then they found the glasses. They found the hat. And the last thing that came, which was really interesting 'cause we didn't discuss it, but we were doing a scene in the Roderick and Madeline Usher's office. Yep. And I said, how do I convey that this guy is completely dead inside?


And I just started talking like this. Well, I called him. He didn't call us back. I am, I got a guy looking out for him. Good. I didn't discuss ahead time. And I didn't say, I'm gonna go in and do this voice. I just end the moment said, should I do it? And I did. And I, after we did a couple of setups later in the day, mark, Mike walked past me and just said, love the voice. Yes. And, And I said, oh, I'm home. So great. You became a completely different person. I love that. Yes. I love that. And that's so rare, you know how exciting it is to let, let that someone thinks outside the box Yes. Of what you're known for. And I'm really lucky. And then, I mean, again, he, he cast me in a small part in the life of Chuck, which again, he said, I'm gonna send you the script based on a Stephen King novella, and there's a part for you in it, and blah, blah blah.


So I'm expecting, okay, you got Stephen King, you've got Mike Flanagan. This is gonna be the horror epic of all time. I'm telling you guys, it is the sweetest, poignant, warm story of a boy named Chuck at four different stages of his life. He grows up to be Tom Hiddleston. But it's so atypical of both of them. And I said to them when we made it, I said to Trevor Macy the producer, I said, I don't know how we're gonna promote this. 'cause I, it's indescribable. I mean, you have to see it to get it. And Yeah. I can't wait to to see It. It's amazing. And you know, I saw it at his house once, just in a little room. But when I saw it at the Toronto Film Festival and with an audience, it was a revelation.


'cause the, it wa it wasn't in competition, but it was voted favorite film because the audience becomes such a part of it that things that you didn't expect to get reactions got reactions. They laughed, they applauded. People were in tears. I mean, it's really special. I'm only, what's that one called? It's called The Life of Chuck and it's told backwards. It's Act three. Act two. Act one. Gotcha. And I'm only in Act one at the end of the picture. Okay. Yeah. But Tom is great. This boy that plays him at age 12, Benjamin Paycheck. Remember that name? 'cause this kid, he can sing. He dances. He played, he was the, the, the Ron Howard part in the Revival of Music Man on Broadway.


Oh yeah. Hugh Jackman. Yeah. And I'm telling you, I mean, I just, I I wish you were my real grandson. He's just phenomenal. Well, I love that. Well, That I can't wait to see it. Yeah. That and, and That comes out in May. Fantastic. In May. And then, and the Long Walk. I can't wait because that's a crazy concept. Long by the way. I read that, I'm thinking, ugh, this. 'cause I always read the books before they even seen the script. It's excruciating. It's so horrible. Yeah. Thought it's a a hundred teenage boys are forced to participate, like in an annual thing where they have to walk at a constant pace or they get killed. Right. Or something like that. Yeah. There's people ready to shoot 'em in the head. I mean, I'm telling you, I, it's so gross. I thought there's no way. I mean, I'll watch it maybe, but I can't do something like this.


And again, my son read it and said, are you nuts? This is fantastic. You gotta do it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But just the violence, the gun violence alone now, luckily it's now they do it CGI where you don't have to do squibbs and everybody goes Yeah. Right, right, Right. Gets cleaned up after each take. 'cause the bug goes flying. But I mean, it is really gross. I love that. I love it. Well, you got a lot of good stuff coming up. And by the way, if you have any Star Wars memorabilia you want to get rid of, please send it over. Yeah. And, and When specifically are you gonna do Oscar in London? July through September, July at the Barbara King Theater. July, August, September 7th. Like three months. Like Yeah, well, well, no, seven weeks. Okay.


Seven weeks. Seven Weeks. The end of July too. Okay. Yeah. Sounds like fun. Summer in England. Yeah. Yeah. Here we go. Mark, it's been an honor and privilege to talk to you. I, I echo what these guys say. I just can't even believe I'm talking to you. This is, well, listen, Crazy. Listen, I, when I listen to you guys do with Steve Martin and Martin Short, I said, well, after this I've gotta be a let down. Nobody can top those two. No, no. It Was one of the best episodes. You've been such a joy. You hit the peak, sir. Such a Joy. You're incredible. Thank You for joining us, mark. Thank You. Mark Having me. Yeah. Thrill. If you ever get hungry, call me. I'll have a meal. Goodbye. Thanks Mark. What a kind man you Are. Bye buddy. Bye Bye, hun.


Hey, Crazy Sean. Well, Sean, are you gonna be all right? Do you need to mop? You need to towel off or Yes, I do. I was sweating a little bit the whole Time. I mean, my Lord. What? Isn't that crazy? He was supposed to come on for a long time and now what? Just couldn't Now what? I know I'm done. Harrison, forward. You said, you said Mark. Len. Now what? I mean, I guess Harrison, you can make your way through the cast. Of course Harrison would be amazing. Yeah. Carrie would be hard to book. I'm sure she would like that. She would like that joke. And you, You want us to cut? Wanna say cut that now or No, she would love it. She would love that joke. She would love that. But I wouldn't, you know, I didn't even get to ask him about, you know, the fact that actors, we kind of measure our lives in like milestone of jobs.


Right? We all talk, I always talk about like, I was doing this at that time and this, and for him, star Wars never, there's no end to that milestone. Like he Yeah, yeah. He reprised Luke's on Mandalorian with John Favreau, you know? Oh yeah. Like he is so open and willing to share to, to not shy away from it and to embrace it, which I think is really important. I think it's, yeah. And he, he's, he, he loves the legacy of it. He's not frustrated that, that that was then and this Is now like that. Yeah. I like that. I like that about him. He's not, you know, sometimes they play it down like, yeah, yeah, yeah, I did. And you're like, no, no, no. It's a big, it's a Great thing. Yeah. Like own it. Yeah. He was the star of, is the star of the biggest film, most famous film in the history of, of our business.


Totally. It's a, it's a, it's a just a remarkable thing and thank God he is proud of it. I know. Incredible. That was which, Which is your favorite film of all the films? Shani? Well the Empire Strikes Back's pretty special. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'll let, I I live for all of them, but like, what Was the thing about Empire Strikes Back? It was just, I dunno, it was a little more sophisticated. It was a little more, there had, there Was a, we trying to back into a buy here a little. There's a Little more. Oh no, I was gonna do a special one. No. 'cause I know a lot of people felt like that was, well a New Hope is the first one. So it's like the first time you see it. So it's amazing. It's huge, huge. Empire Strikes Back is an amazing cinematic feat and yeah, people weren't, they didn't love as much and this is a very special return of the Jdi Night.


We'll allow Know, but it's stars. It's allowed for you. Alright, fine. Smart Smart SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry Rob Arm, JF and Bennett Barco Smart Less.


Hello friends. Jason here. We are so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. And if, if you want to be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts to start your free trial today.


Want the same expert advice from the pros at a discount tire store while shopping for tires online? Meet Treadwell your personal tire guide. Treadwell is an online tire buying guide that gives you personalized recommendations based on your location driving habits and tire performance. Just enter your vehicle info, zip code, and driving routines and then Treadwell will match you with the perfect tire for your vehicle. Shop for tires with treadwell@discounttire.com. Let's get you taken care of.


If You've been having your McDonald's sausage McMuffin with an iced coffee from somewhere else, now is a great time to reconsider, Revitalize and caramelize your morning with any size caramel, french, vanilla, or classic iced coffee for just 99 cents. And pair it with a juicy melty sausage McMuffin with egg for 2 79. Prices and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer.