
Hey guys, will really, your hair is really growing, growing in there. It's very long. Sean. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go ahead and let you start again. We need a little bit more enthusiasm when we're starting An episode. I mean, sorry, sorry. Let's just, Hey, Will's hair And welcome to Old Loose Smart, smart, You know, listener, every once in a while will and Sean, And, I have to have an, an adult conversation.


We have to do a little bit of a Zoom. We need to talk about scary legal things. And we just had one of those before this record. And Sean got a real head full of steam going in his legal prowess and talking about, you know, how he looked through these documents and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And, and in walks an order of, presumably from a, an off-camera, Scottie. That's correct. Two frosted, strawberry poptarts and a half a glass of milk. That's right. And that's right. He keeps talking and all his legal, and he starts choking on his fucking frosted Poptart offering legal advice To me. Will Point He said at one point, he says to you, Justin, he goes with a mouthful.


Poptart goes, if you wanna send it Jamir, I'd love, I love Poptart And I. Go. You didn't even know the fucking document you were signing Pop Tart. Yes, did. Yes I did. Oh man. Jason just got back from vacation. How lovely. I'm very, I'm very lovely and relaxed. Will, looks, will, looks like he's been on vacation for six months. He's got, he's got some new lighting in the, in the whisper booth there. I don't, and he's a's a nice tan from his Long Island condo. The light is, the light is great out here in the condo. And, and I was able to, you know, via the kindness of others, get out and play some golf.


So I've been and spent a lot of time with the kids out here. We've been out at the beach A lot. Quick. What are their names? Terrance. Glad Phil. Nope. Nope. That's Wrong. Nope. That's Wrong. Karen. You Don't even have a girl. It's four boys. Okay, Karen. Well, you caught me off guard. How's everybody doing? I, I always feel like Jason And I never, we never get to see you anymore. I know, Know, We were saying Sean, And, I. Were FaceTiming last night. We were like, we haven't seen, we never get to talk to Jason anymore working. And, and even sometimes we do talk to him. And then Sean was like, yeah, no, but we never get to meet the real Jason anymore. You know what I mean? Well, He only goes out on Saturday nights.


I was talking about you guys on my break about the fact that you guys do talk all the time and we never talk. Well, You're working 15 hours a day. No, but even when I'm not, you hated Zoom and you hate a Zoom. It's Cranky about a zoom. No, it's about, it's just a No, I'm just not, why am I not that kind of a friend that, that that like talks every day to 'cause his best friends' Tell you. I'll tell you why. Because you're always working. And when you, and when you, and when you have downtime, you just want to be by yourself, which I get. But You guys are so good about, do you have like, I mean, I know Will, you've got like a, a a, a nightly chat with, with the great Josh shot. Yeah. And, and, and probably with Sean p Hayes. I talk to a lot of people pretty much on the reg.


I talk to Sean. Not every night short. I talk For regularly listener at short for regular Once a week. Probably twice a week maybe. Yeah. I talk to Clay usually every other day. I talk to Eli And, and Jason. I always, I always text text you first before we talk because, But you know, it's one of those things you gotta also do it. And, and it's like, I know you and you and Sweet Pea Giles would be great best friends because you guys like spending a lot of time alone and you know, We've got a bunch of dolls with pins. You know, We just, you sent me a nice picture from your trip with that bucket, that sweet ass Sergio zucchini bucket hat that I bought you Last year. Yeah. And I showed you. It was a good, good use, you know. And don't you have a collection of puppets that you play with Jason?


Yeah, They talked to me all the time. And you're also still really good friends with your gummies? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. I talk to them. They'd never speak to me, but I'm speaking to them all the time. Yeah. Can we please just give, I think the kids usually say a shout out to a Okay. Holla yes. Or a whatever to our new host, And then they might holler back. Youngen. Yeah, yeah. Of of, of our, of our, of our podcast Bad dates. Yes. The new host Joel Kim Booster. He's hilarious. Yes. He is gonna be guiding us through all the legendary, insane true bad date stories. The amazing guest reveal with all of their gory details you loved in season one.


Yeah. It sounds so natural when you say it like that. Yeah. But no, this is our SmartLess media show called Bad Dates. Yeah, it Was, we love This show. It was with Jamil and Jamil and now it's with Joel Kim Buser. Yeah. And it's gonna be just as great. And, you know, everybody has bad dates. Everybody can relate to them. Yeah. We can relate to that. And, and so I and JKB is gonna, is gonna, he's gonna, by the way, my same initials. Yeah. Fun fact. J kb he's gonna walk you through it. Yeah. So you can find new episodes and where you get your podcast. Yeah. Because you know, we all know the worst dates. Make the best stories. Ooh, We should, which that should be a line, that should be a tagline on the show. Yeah. Well, let's some Bumper stick. Excited. I'm really excited. I'm almost exci as excited about that as I am about my guests guest, my guest today.


And you guys, you guys are gonna be excited too. Now, first of all, man, this is nuts Uhoh. 'cause this is one of those people that I have And I don't wanna embarrass him. And he kind of knows that I, I don't know until late, but I super look up to him. Oh boy. Which is not the most articulate thing I've ever said, but it is just it. I have been such a fan of what this guy does for so long, and there's an authenticity to who he is and how he does it, that I've always just really responded to and frankly so have so have audiences. Millions around the world and millions. He, well, I mean, look, he's been nominated like, like for like 120 awards.


He's won 70 of them and, and everything. So 70. Yeah. Wow. Like from kind from Critic Choice to Gotham Awards to Independent Spirit Awards to MTV movie awards. That's, it's an actor To Satellite awards, Saturn Awards, teen Choice Awards, film Critics Awards, green Actors Awards. So he started Young Primetime Emmy Awards, golden Globe Awards and BAFTA Awards and Academy British Awards. Oh, okay. Christian Ba, the Old School Academy Awards. He doesn't have 70 wins. I mean, he's good, that guy, but Christian ba but he doesn't have 70, he doesn't have 70. This guy. Yeah, this guy. You don't remember him from his first television appearance, which was on Mr. Rogers neighborhood. Way back in the way. I might in the day. I might, what you might remember him as co-starring with David Letterman on the Mary Ty Tyler Moore hour.


You're more likely to remember him from things like Mr. Mom Gungho, Michael Cheesing. But to me, I got first. He is My Batman. You guys, it's Michael Keaton. Welcome to the show. There he is, Michael. Well, I love, we've sunglasses on Why do you have sunglasses on? Sorry, Forgot. Because I'm pre because I'm pretentious Forget about that whole authentic thing. I had sunglasses on. Now you gotta wipe it out. Yeah. Well this is interesting. Hello. Thanks. Hi. Hi. How are you? You know, welcome. The, the preamble. It's, it's obnoxious.


I know. No, Too much. First of all, I was gonna be a smart ass, but after Will being so sweet. Now I can't be And, I'm so No, you can't. Please. You can please Be a smart ass. Oh, I can. Oh, okay. Yeah, please, please do. Yeah, I would, I would think that if there's one area, one format, one show, one could be a smart ass. This Yeah. This half welcome. Yeah. Yes. This, where are we finding you? Where's that? Pretty pretty wall? That looks like a cabin. Oh. Of some sort. This is, well, this is my home in Montana. Well, this is the cabin Oh wow. Of the property. Because the other house is being rebuilt. And did it burn Down? Not down, but see, see what, see, smart ass it.


I can't help it. You're gonna have to bear with me. Yeah. You threw something out there goes and now it's hurtful. So Yeah. And this little house was reassembled from a, from up the valley or down the valley. Up the valley many years ago. But that's where I am. That's where I'm sitting. That's so nice. But, you know, listen to the whole thing, the o the how you guys do this. I have so many questions. Sure. Go, Go ahead. Go About the whole show. Hit us. Do you validate Personal? Do we do it's stickers. It was one of your questions. Why would anybody listen to you, idiots? No, No, no, no, no. We can't figure it out. You know? Yeah. It's, it, Well, lemme ask this. Yeah, yeah.


You all have either a adapted or you always had it. You all now have like a radio voice. Did you always have this radio voice? We're learning from Will, will makes Millions with those pipes. Yeah, I do professional Grade. Seriously, Jason, you've got kind of a calm, groovy thing going, you know, like you're laid back. It's gummy induced you. Yeah. I, well, however you get there, you got that Thing Sean, you get Mine's annoying in she Chicago. No, She's a very witty. Okay, well there You go. I'm coming to you in a minute. Here comes Will and Will just kind of, you know, I didn't know. I swear to God this is true. When I would hear, see those Reese's commercials, I'd say That dude's funny.


I don't know who, I swear to God, I didn't know who, I didn't know who it was. There's a few people out there I'm looking at right now. And I saw, I watched these commercials. I saw a guy the other day. He's so, I don't know who the hell is. He's so funny and so good in it. And And I was, you know, you know, reminded of how hard it is to crack open to have people see you. To find a spot. You know? And, and we, with just your voice, fortunate. Yeah. No, seriously. Okay, Sean, I have a question for you. Yeah. Did you And I not many, many years ago. Yes. You were already nodding. Right? We met a long time ago because times you were working for not, not Saying many times, don't embarrass it. Now He's about to give you, he's just Olive ranching it.


And then you cut him on with the fucking many times. They'll Do what's wrong with you. He smile you right through the knife. Jesus. Fuck. He'll smile you right through. go ahead. Sorry. That's right. That's his, that's his superpower. You, you used to work for, am I wrong? You used to work for a, like a, a catering company or something. Is this true when you were getting started? When I first moved, the very first year, I, I worked at a restaurant called Red. And then part of That was to, you know, sometimes people would, oh, I'm doing a wedding, so I'd do like to make an extra a hundred bucks. I would help out. Like Yes. Yeah. And it was, yeah. And I met you at a party, didn't I? That's right. Yes. And I said, who's this funny guy? This guy is so witty. And That was a, That was, let's hear this.


That was like over 30 years ago. Yeah. And, and what An impression. And also, but I kept meeting you over and over and Michael, we can cut this if you'd like. So don't worry. Anyway, I kept meeting you over and over because you used to date Julie Bowen For a minute. Yeah, yeah. For a minute. She's great. And yeah, And I used to be friends with Julie Bowen. And I would always run into at parties. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and at that, yeah. That why Cut it. Who, who would want? But by the way, by the way, why cut it. But also, you know, what you could say so that you don't have to cut it. Say, and also we both know Julie Bowen. You could have said that. Yeah. Sean, are you fucking new Today? Sean the fuck. Popped up. Gone Pop Poptart Sugar. Yeah. It's truth. I'm kind of flying.


Jason's not a gummy, I'm a pop tart. Sean Fired Sean got fired from that job. Right. Sean, you ate into their profits by The truth mic. Michael was, was it at, I, I think it was at who played Goose in the, in the original, what's his Name? Anthony Edwards. Oh, Anthony Edwards. It was Anth Anthony Edwards house. And he was having a wedding for somebody. I don't Know. But don't go deeper because you already, you already know. Listen, but poor Julian a Michael, do you remember now Julie's in a bind. She's having to explain to somebody where She was, she was just to say, yes, We did. That's what happened. Yes. Yes. So many years ago. Somebody's saying fucking Julie was, remember she wasn't around. It turns out she was hanging. Jesus. No, but you. But I must I will say every single time I ran into you, whether it was when I was around Julie or not, one of the nicest guys.


Always, always, always. Oh wow. Thanks. Yeah. Always. And super funny. And allowed me to be funny in front of you. You're very Generous. I like funny people. Michael, I don't know if you know this too. And we're, our mutual friend is Courtney Cox from years ago. And, and Yeah. Yeah. A good friend of ours. And Jason was just on vacation with her. We were talking about And. I. Remember saying to Courtney, I, I used to be, this is like 10 years ago. I go, what, what's Michael Joaquin like? I used to flip out, 'cause I was such a fan of yours for so long. Oh yeah. Still is. Probably still is. It still is. And so I, what I want to get into, and that's going to get me to my first thing, which is two, two things, two movies that to me were like, and they're not underrated. 'cause they were, they were big hits.


But first of all, Mr. Mom, to me, one of the best was a genre changer. Right? Nobody done a movie like that. And you did it with such ease. And the great part was it wasn't putting down a stay at home parent. In fact, it was pumping it up A hundred percent. And it was, so to me, That was what was so interesting about it, you know what I mean? Like, 'cause especially in that time, those were different days back then, but you did it in this way that kind of took that on and flipped it on its head. What was it like getting that reading, that script, getting that offer, deciding whether to do it, shooting at all of it? I've always loved that movie, man. So I'm really glad you brought this up. First of all, And I, let's get this outta the way.


'cause I kind of hate this part. I'm, I'm a giant fan of all three of you guys. But, but here's why. That's a really good question, And. I'm glad you you asked it. 'cause you know, I'll sometimes when I'm doing, I don't do a lot of 'em, but I'm doing an interview or being interviewed or something. I, I I will actually volunteer Mr. Mom for, for a bunch of reasons. A it was ahead of its time. Yeah. And, and, and how it came to be was, and it was John Hughes's first. Yeah. I think it was the first script he sold. Wow. Became John Hughe became John Hughes. Yeah. John Hughes wrote Wow. And I was sitting and he, you know, he was pitching me. Even didn't have to pitch it. You know, you guys all know will know this when you're reading a script and a comedy script, and they don't, the good ones don't come around very often.


No. And you laugh out loud by yourself, let's say. Yeah. 2, 3, 4 times a script. You go, whoa, this, that's huge. Yeah. That's huge. Am I right? That's huge. Hundred Percent. And you go, and that's exactly, That's the number too. It's only about two or three or four times. But It's like, that's amazing. Exactly. It is amazing. And, and a per the average layman, let's say, will wouldn't know that. But that's, that's how it works. So I remember sitting, I remember actually one thing he did, and it was an area that I generally don't laugh or find funny, was the baby had had, had diarrhea, And I. I, my head went back, I was in my hand, went back so far, it hit the wall in the back. My head hit the wall and thought, because it was, how, how it was presented, how it was set up and where it came in the script, you know, where where he got me, you know, where, where you were at that point, And, I went, boom, right there.


That thing kills me right now. So I sat with him. I said he li listened to him. He was not without an ego, and And I liked him, but I said, you should direct this thing. You, you know, how to make this movie And. he said, no, I'm, I'm not gonna direct. He was a, a Chicago adec guy, you know. And so what I knew about it was a, it was funny. And I also liked kind of the time. I, I, the reason I thought I couldn't do it was I looked like I was about 10 years old. And, I thought. And then we had to write, kind of write that in. 'cause I thought, okay, let's say he married young and how do we really believe this?


'cause as you all, you all three will know. If you, if you don't, it can be as outrageous. You know, as funny as like Jim Carrey or the craziest guys are, they're, they set up their own reality. Right? So once you, it's like Carson, you say, you know, you buy the premise, you buy the joke. Yeah. So if you set, you go, yeah, that's crazy what he's doing. But it's actually not crazy in his world. In in that That's right. In that world. Yeah. Yeah. So I said, how do we believe this guy? How do we, because that's the only way this thing's gonna work. And there was a lot of rewriting on the set. I will say, between me and my then manager, partner, Harry Columbia and, and, and some other people. It was a great cast. And, and so what I dug about it was a, it was funny.


I liked playing a father. 'cause I liked being a father. I liked what it was about. And it was ahead of its time in that at the time, the US economy was not very good. And it was hard. And, you know, the, the unemployment was not great. And, and, and the idea of a woman going out to the workforce, as crazy as this sounds in whenever we shot that 80 something, 83, 83 was not that that unusual, but it was fucking unusual to, to by, by comparison. Right? Yeah. And I, I like the, you know, I have three sisters and a mom. I'm have most people who work for me are women. I didn't plan it that way. It's just how it is.


So I like that whole setup in the premise. And I thought, okay, now how do we make now just, let's just make this funny. So it was already funny, but there were things because of the director who was a talented guy, but he was not a comedy guy. We had to work on, let's say, and there was a lot of rewriting going on. And, and re as an example, the whole chainsaw thing came about on the morning because as we were getting ready to do it, there was, there was no chainsaw scene. There was no, that didn't exist. That he Martin the great, great late great Martin Mo. Yeah. So funny. I was Gonna say Count comes in and says, you know, he's taken Terry off.


And I have so much to say about this. 'cause not enough credit is given to Terry Garr. Well, I was gonna get Oh my God. I I, I'm gonna get into Terry Garr in a second, so keep going. Okay. I'll finish up. Sorry, going on too long. No, no, I love it. But, but, but so, so that scene was one thing, right? But what I knew was, I said, but how does this guy feel? You know, how insecure, how insecure is he right now? And how is he, how emasculated is, is he right now? And when Martin walks in just fucking cock shore, you know, just fucking beautifully played, like looking so brilliantly arrogant, looking at me, And I. And I'm thinking, okay, what would this guy do? And I. And he's, he's panicked.


He's not ready for this. So I said to the prop guy, he get me like, I don't know, like he's pretending like he's working on the house, you know, like tools or something. And he goes, he shows me a chain cycle. Yes. And I said one down, you have, you have any of those goggles? And, I go. Yeah. He goes and gets the goggles. And then, and then it, and then we just played it from there. You know, obviously insecure, Obviously Scared to death. You overcompensating, overcompensating outta his ass. And, and he, and then, and then the 2 22 20 line was Martin's. It was, it was Martin's line. What was the line again? You know, you, I said, yeah, we're probably gonna re re I didn't know what I was talking about. So yeah, we're probably gonna rewire the whole thing. And Martin, Martin and And I and That was the end of that.


And Martin said, you know what you should say, Martin says something like, how you gonna wire it? And And, I go, I don't know. He said, He said, you should say, you know, 2 20, 2 21, whatever it takes. That's, that's what, That's, That's Martin Mo's line. I keep telling people that it That was not, it's so funny. That was not me. And by the way, you know, the movie you did before that night shift? I watched over and over and over and Oh my God. I I love that movie. And the one line that stuck out in my head, of course, is when you're like, we could just feed the tuna, the mayonnaise. Yeah. So you don't have to get it open. And as a kid, I was like, that's such a genius idea. Oh my God. That's Feed the Tuna Fish. Such a genius.


You Know, really, you know, now That was just listening to Michael talk. It, it, it strikes me that, I'll bet you Michael Keaton is an enormous influence on your, on your style. I mean, you, you, you, you actually, you remind me of one another. Yeah. That's, that's a compliment to me. Yeah. To him. That's a good, that's a compliment. You're compliment me. Yeah, for sure. By, by, you know what I mean? I, because Unintentionally sorry. Yeah, I know. I know. Because yeah, And I meant it when I said it is huge influence. And I and And I want to get into, 'cause then there were so many other films too, too, that I thought deserved a lot of attention. One of them being clean and sober, which I think is a phenomenal film. Thanks. And not just because I could relate to what, what he went through, but I just think it's a great, with the great Emmett Walsh.


I mean, there's just some amazing moments in that film. But I do want to talk about Terry Garr for one second because I also loved Terry Garr and Yeah. Yeah. What was that like? I mean, she, what a, what an unbelievable talent. Am I Right Spirit. Oh man. And who, who, you know, you look at all the really great, funny women. There's so many now and, and, and there were kind of relatively speaking, so few then, but they're really Great. Well, they, they didn't write the great parts for them back Then, right? No. And you know, look at Terry man. She had everything. She still has everything. She's so sweet. And I. I'm just, I just love her. And I. Think Catherine, Catherine Han is like a, a modern day guy. Yes, totally. Yeah. And you look at, you know, she's witty and funny and, and feminine and masculine and, and all all that stuff.


And just could just, you know, just, just had it, you know, and has it and Yeah. And helped me, you know, like, you guys know, you know, you can't do it on your own. You know, you need somebody to set you up. For sure. We'll be right back And now back to the show. But Michael, your, your ability to, to, to, to find material or material, find you and ca and casts and directors that find you, and you find like, yeah. You were like, the, your career is just like, I, I don't, I don't, And I don't wanna embarrass you, but, you know, like Willie said, but your ability to, to, to, to jump from comedy to drama so seamlessly for so long.


Your, your, your run, your relevancy is just, it's, it's been going for so long and continuing on this great escalating pitch. Yeah. That I, I hope you're as proud of as you deserve to be. 'cause you're just an incredible actor that knows how to make people laugh when you're playing a part and make people cry. Like you're not a comic. Mm. You're not a, you know, like, so I, I just, I, I, I, can you talk a little bit about how, I won't ask you to explain how you see yourself, but how do you, what attracts you to certain stuff? What's, what's your, what's your goal, you know? Yeah. Well, I will speak about it, but I, I kind of wanna stop 'cause that's just too good.


I'll leave it at that. Well, thank you. First of all, just Can't label you, you know, and that, that takes a lot of Fun. Yeah. Okay. Well that's, let's start with that. So first of all, let's thank good fortune and all that. I don't believe in luck. I've never believed in luck, but I believe in good fortune. I do. I say that, dude. I literally same. Really say the same. Because it's true. Yes. Be true. It's true. I I'm fortunate. I'm not lucky. I'm fortunate. No, man. You know, why you, you earned what? You all three, a lot of us, we all earned it. Yeah. We were our asses off to. Right. There's a lot of talented people out there that, you know, you luck plays a huge part of it. 'cause if, if everybody who was talented got the jobs, there wouldn't be any left. You know?


I mean That's right. Luck plays a big part of it. That's right. So we're all appreciative of that. Yeah. But I'm grateful. I'm grateful, you know, grateful. Yeah. So, so there was the only plan, and by the way, I'm breathing rarefied air right now. I I realize that there's, I don't know how many other guys there. I saw Jeff the other day Bridges, who lives over the mountain range here. Another one Exactly like that. Yeah. He, you know, I was saying, you know, there's, there's not many of us doing this and And I, and I'm, I wanna keep doing it, but I want to keep doing it. I always wanted to do it how I wanted to do it. I know that sounds arrogant and kind of selfish, but I just, I just knew I'd be happiest that way. And so every time I had a television show that got canceled, which was two of them, three of them, I guess I could not tell you how happy I was because I felt freer to move on to the next thing.


So if I had a strategy, And I don't know that it was a strategy. It was only this Right after night shift, there were some things offered to me. And when I think back, I go, wow, that took a fairly sizable set of balls. I, I said, no, I knew I wanted to do the Mr. Mr. Mom. And then there were a couple others that I thought, I don't know my, like all three of you, I'm sure I would think you say, but I really have a pretty big imagination. And, I've, I'm curious about a lot of things and I'd like to play other things. Yeah. I'd like to explore other things I'd like to see. And if it doesn't work, then I know at least I have this for a few years.


I can maybe grind out 5, 6, 8 years of Right. Me being that guy. Right. And I thought. But I, I, I think what will happen is people are gonna get very bored very quickly with this kind of guy they saw in night shift, et cetera. Right. And so I said, well then let me lay down something early and see if that works. 'cause that will potentially open up a wider range for me. And I don't know if this is gonna do it. But That was the only conscious thing. The other, the other is you just trust your gut. And, and so I made certain decisions early on. I was told, don't do clean and sober. I don't do Pacific Heights, don't do a lot of things.


And I. I said, yeah, but I want to do those things. And, I wanna lay it down. So I passed up certain movies that are turned out to be great movies. And I, don't wanna talk about them. But, but they turned out to be great things. And I, probably, in retrospect, one or two of those probably should have. But I was fearful that, look, I, I always feel like, and this is my own, oops, I need to talk to somebody about this. Because I always feel, man, if I'm in two movies a year, people are gonna go enough already. Right. We are so frigging sick of you. You know, we just like enough. And, and so I had that, and that, that's not a healthy thing, but I just wanted to lay down a, a a a a, the potential possibility that, well, wait a minute now, I don't know what to do with him.


And the risk is, as you guys know, well that could, that could be dangerous. And I just rolled the dice. 'cause I always bet on me, don't ask me why, but I do. But you, but you also had, you had this great combination between leading man and character actor. Yeah. That, that, that's, that's what I, for me, just as a, as a, as a consumer of you, of a a fan, you, you never, you never really took the, the, the, the junk food, the, the, the celebrity stuff. Yeah. You always were just playing an actor. You were either a character actor or a leading man. And sort of this great ratio between both and comedy and drama. And then, and then for my money, like this incredible, you know, validation and Birdman.


But, you know, at, at a moment with where a, a filmmaker performance and, and, and an actor come together sort of in this incredible little recipe between the two that you, you wouldn't normally put together. And then like, I dunno, there, there's been a, there's been a few combinations. Like that That was just so exciting to see that combination. And then of course, the film itself and, and, and the, and the concept of the film as well. Just everything coming together and just a rocket ship. And it was so exciting for me to see. Yeah, thanks. Just that the story in the community and then also just the film itself. Well, but also also Michael, like, you know, as Jason sort of said, you, you, you kind of defied genre in that you couldn't be put in a thing.


You got to be a movie star on your own, on your own terms. Right. You got to kind of, you know, in a time where there were, there really aren't really movie stars in that way and anymore. I mean, there are, but it's, it's different. But you were, you were in like, the height of the movie Star era, and yet you were able to kind of think about it in that year. You were talking about like, doing stuff you wanted to do in 1988. You did Beetlejuice and Clean and Sober. Yeah. Now you want to talk about two movies on different ends of the steps. Exactly. Okay. And then the next year, you did the first film, and we're gonna get into Batman in a second. Yeah. 'cause it's, it's the one thing that I feel a real kinship with you about. But It's, he, but you were part of a, a lot of firsts.


Like, like Will's kind of saying like, Mr. Mom, nobody was doing a comedy like that. You're the first one to do a comedy, kinda like that. Right. And then Beetlejuice and then Batman, like you were the first to do a lot of things. Is that something you look for like in scripts, like, well, I was gonna say, well, I was gonna say, so you do that in that one year you do Beetlejuice and clean and sober. What was that year like for you? And Your agent must have you made your agent look fantastic that year, you Know? Yeah, Exactly. And meanwhile, that's right. And at the time, that's not what happened. As you guys know, it didn't happen that way. Tim, Tim sought me out. 'cause we had, he, he sought me, He said that I'd like to talk to that guy. And, and so yeah, that, you know, And I will also credit Elvis Mitchell, whom I'm actually gonna speak with later.


Oh. And Elvis ended up working for, for me and my partner Harry, for a couple years. 'cause we, we read this guy, we thought he was, we just dug what he was about and and liked him. And he worked for us for a minute. And, and And I credit Elvis. I don't think there was, I don't know what the award was. It was either New York, I don't know what it was. New York film critics or film critics were, there was something, they didn't have an event. And, and Elvis kind of said, excuse me, what Will just said, basically. And then they said, okay, sure, we will give it to him. And then there was, I have a somewhere, a piece of paper or something. But that didn't come via, that came from Tim asking about me, about me wanting to meet me about beer juice through David Geffen.


And the Clean and Sober thing came, and That was another thing that people said, you don't wanna, you don't wanna do that. That's not, and my agent literally at the time said, I don't think you should do that. And I said, yeah, I'm pretty sure I should just, 'cause I want to, this is a really well written script. You guys know this. I mean, it's hard to redefine something that's, the writing will drive everything ultimately. Right. Right. Now whether it comes together, that's another story. But so, so I'll run through this. I'm sorry. And so that in one year, I didn't plan any of that. That just happened. I just said, man, this guy Tim Burton f he's something. I just, I don't know what he is. I just know for sure he's something.


And I, when he tried to explain Be Juice to me, I said, they said, what'd you think? I said, I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I don't understand it. And I. But I, I like that guy And. he said, he wants to talk to you. Will you just give him another one? I go, yeah, alright, I'll go meet him again. And I. Go talk to him. And I. I, I said, yeah, well, I'm still the same. I still don't understand. He, I say this about Tim, who I frigging love. I, I would say in his life, he is, you know, a declarative sentence, you know, with a subject, a verb. And, you know, and then a period at the end of, I'd say he's completed maybe eight, maybe eight declarative, simple sentence.


He just doesn't think like that. That's really funny. He's that funny. He's not that guy, you know. And so I meet him And, I'd go, okay, I'm getting closer. Then He said two things to me. And I went, all right, I think this guy's worth it. So I said, gimme a gimme a minute. And I went home. And I started thinking about it. And, he said a couple things. And I asked for wardrobe from every period of time to go to my house. I was renting this house that I was empty. I didn't know furniture, And I. I just started handpicking stuff. And then I, there was something about that I found kind of spooky and creepy about like bad teeth and a semi broken nose and a walk.


And I said, what about And? I. Then I just started going to work. And I said, you know what, there's something about this guy. I really dig him. Fuck it. I don't know. I don't know. Let's does this work. And so that happened. And then Clean It Sober was just another script. It wasn't like I Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Michael, wait, wait. Okay. The, the character of Be Old Juice. First of all, ha, half the movie you're in like, like old timey prison garb. Right? And, and, okay. And you've got this fucking, and you've got like, you've got like mascara on that covers half your face Yeah. And your hair's sticking up and you fi and you've got this voice and you go, yeah. And you're like, eh, say where you are. It's so good. And you kind of, and you fucking such, I'm like such a great big I'm, you talk about taking a big fucking swing.


Oh, mean, I mean, how do you go, how do you show up day one? Or they're like, okay guys, let's rehearse all, we're gonna block the scene. And I mic. And you come, I go say, say it to your dad. Right? Like, what the fuck is going, what's this guy doing? Deal with it. I mean, it's a lot. And, and it fucking, you nail you drilled it in a way that you couldn't. Did you preview that for Tim before the first rehearsal On the first day? No. Will. That's very insightful. Will, because you're right. That's what, no, I didn't. And that's, That was the beauty of it is the beauty of working with him. You're really just making stuff. Like, let's go make stuff. You know? And so, so we talked and, and no one was paying attention. There was, the budget was small and no one was paying attention.


Ah, And I. And we were down in Raleigh Studios. And Oh, my God and And I said, okay, I don't know. Here's what's weird about this. Think of this. We never tested it. We never, we never tested it. I said, I said, he, it's like I said, here's what I wanna do. It's like he, he stuck his finger in a thing. He starts here and he goes up from there. It's never like, there's no arc. Yeah. Right. You know, there's no, You Just, it goes from 10 to 15. Right? Yeah. Right. And it never, and it never, and And I said, And I. Don't know why. I don't have an actor's explanation for any of that shit. Like, the great thing about this thing is you can, you never could say, my character wouldn't do that.


Right, right, right, right. The rule. There are no rules. Yeah. There are no rules. The freedom was unbelievable. So Will, yeah. That's in, that's insightful because I go, Tim had the suit. Tim had the eyes. Tim had the pale makeup. And. he said something to me about, he's from all different, he, he appears out of time. No, you know, in the twenties and the 18, there's no, he's not connected any time or anything. He might go underground for years until he is released. So I said underground. I said, how about mold? Let's do some mold up the face, you know? And then, and then I said, okay, you know, the hair is like, it has to stick all the way out. And, but the striped suit was Tim's vision.


He started showing me pictures of all his stuff. And so on that day, when I showed up, I went, I don't know. Here we go. Right. And as soon as I walked on the first scene, you can see him. His eyes get picking, he lights up and he goes, yes. And then, you know, it's the ultimate Yes. And 'cause he'd go, oh, didn didn't know we were gonna do that. Hold on a minute. If you're gonna do that, let me show you something. See, when you go up there, this is what that's gonna, he had to explain to me what was gonna happen. And, I went, oh, I, I think I get it. Because of the visual effects. Yeah. Because of the visual effects would Happen later. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. And also, gotcha. Fuck man, dude, you're out on a, I I love this so much out on, I love the idea that you're out on a fucking ledge and you don't know where you're fucking going.


That to me is my, and didn't give a shit then don't give. That's my fucking dream come true, man. Yeah, I know. It's so fun to talk to you guys about this. 'cause there's, there's, I'm three people who know, kind of know what I'm talking about. But Then you land it into the most, but then you go to clean and sober. Yeah, exactly. Which, which is the most, like no tricks, no makeup, no wardrobe, no. It's just people talking and being raw. And like, I'm being honest, It's Mike Tyson walking in with trunks and two box and gloves. Yeah. How many people over the years have come up to you and told you that clean and sober had a profound effect on their life? Lots. And boy, that means something to me. You know, it's so, I say this, And I, I don't care what people think. I'm, I'm so blessed that I get to do some things that every once in a while, you, that'll happen.


You know, how many people have that job? You know, a lot of people would like that job. I have to have that job. That's why I did worth Yeah. That's why I did, you know, my life. Yeah. Oh my Life. And you go, you gotta do these things. If you got the opport heartbreaker opportunity, you know, heartbreaker, you know, you've been given this, this, you've been given this thing, you know? Yeah. I earned it, but I've been also given it. So, so if you can do, throw everybody a solid fucking do it. You know, and then go make some money. You know, Go make. So speaking of which, speaking of making money, you go in 19 90, 89, you once again team up with Tim Burton and you do Batman.


Yeah. And that is the fucking game changer. Yeah. Yeah. That's the game changer of Game Changer. And I mean, in a lot of ways you doing that allowed me to make some money. So, oh yeah. I guess I Kind of fucking owe you dude, a little bit, bit And A little, a little bit. You did the first, you did the first. I am Bad by the way. I'll give you my, my business manager's address code. Just Venmo. Just do Venmo. Yeah. Just Venmo. Straight Venmo. And Michael, I just got outta high school when you, when that came out, when Batman came out, And I was like, wait, the guy from Night Shift that I've, I've seen a million times.


And Mr. Mom, he's Batman. Like, And I didn't heard, take the look Of your face again. No, but wait, What? You hang on, wait for it. And then, and then you saw, I even saw the trailer. I was like, Oh my God. He's, I can't, he, I mean, nailed it in the trailer. I remember seeing the poster report Oh my God, you remember seeing the poster? Just the symbol of the Batman and And I was like, what? I was like, what the fuck is this? So I'm about some credit to Tim Yeah. For going, yeah, that guy. And people went, what do you buddy your mind? And he went, no, that guy. So I don't think enough credit's been given to him. Me, I went, you know, we had the meeting. He, And I sat He said, take this home and read it. Tell me you think And I remember where I was sitting, where the window was?


And he, And I were talking And I said, well, so here's what I think, but nobody's gonna do that. And he went, that's exactly right. And so he had to go to them and say, no, that guy. And, and to his credit boy, you know, you know, he changed everything. He changed everything. I could talk, I mean, Marvel exists. All of it exists. Yes. Because of that movie. Hundred percent dude. Yeah. Hundred percent. A lot of people made a lot of money off me and Tim and Jack Sh Sean has nutted over a thousand times to Marvel movies because of that movie. Yeah, right. A thousand nuts. There's that. Yeah, There's that. Yeah. You can't put a price on that.


No, You can't put a price. So, but it did, it, it, it launched the, you know, and ever since then we've been, we've all been fucking under the tyranny of ip. But, you know, but Yeah. But you did, you did start that good Way to Put it. And it was, I, I stole that from somebody. But, but Yeah. No, you're right. But it's true. But, but you, but you guys started it, you and Tim Burton. But you as the face, Tim is incredible, obviously, like you said. Well, and you kind of invented the whole, like Will just said, like the whole thing, like the tone and the feel and the look and the Everything. Yeah. There was, there was humor to it, but it was also serious. And there was action and it was dark.


Yeah. And, but, You know, will, there was very little humor in it. And, you know, maybe we can't, But you had moments though. Yeah. As Bruce Wayne. No, I, the original script. In the original script. Oh really? Yes. And so, so, you know, maybe it's just an instinct, but, but there were scenes. 'cause even that man, that pressure was on Tim, so big pressure was on all of us. And you felt it every day. You know, you go studio, people flying in, you know, because this was a big swing for every, but there wasn't And I don't know if it's the instinct or not. You know, a gut feeling saying, well, wait a minute, you know, a lot of this kind of darkness.


I mean, maybe, maybe, maybe not so much. So, so as an example in that scene where the big long table where Vicki Vale comes over, and I'm having a date And, I'm so nervous, you know, And, I go, do I tell her? Do I not tell her? I can't let her know. But I really like this woman. And, and, and she's sitting there and she asked me about the room. And I said, Tim, you know, it would be funny, there were a couple of these moments. I said, you know, if he goes, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then he realizes, I don't think I've ever been in this room before. You know what I mean? Which says everything about the characters. Right. You know, you go, who's this lonely guy? He, you know, rambling around the house, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very Cool. It's great. Sort of like high low of him. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I love, I love that kind of stuff, that kind of awareness of it.


And, and not taking himself too seriously really in that moment. Yes. 'cause there's a way that that could come across as a, as a dick. And it wasn't. You got it. You know, it, it all fell within the context of a guy who was really rich, but his parents were murdered. But all the, all that stuff, right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh dude. And kind of a weird dude, you know, like a weird, A very weird dude And, You know, but you, what, what was it like when that movie came out and, and, and it was, as you said, it was a big swing for everybody. Big swing for you and your career. Big Swing for Tim Burton. Big swing for the studio. They put a lot of money into it. The books had been written about this movie and how it got made, et cetera. And when that movie comes in, comes out and it's a fucking smash hit.


How many, how many high fives did you have to bandage your hand from the high fives? Or, or was it the opposite? What it was it, oh, this is gonna be a level of exposure and responsibility now that, that could change things and it might not be comfortable. More that Jason. Yeah. Jason's Oh, Jason immediately looks at the negative. Yeah. Or was it that Oh my God. Now what? Now I'm obligated to go and say thank people for paying money. I have junks I have to go to, to now, all of a sudden, now I've gotta talk to my business manager. It's good news. Is it good news? It's good news for you. Now, did you guys know, did you guys know about the chemistry would work? Like Jason Brink is, you know, he's, every once in a while he needs to do what he just did.


Did you guys go, oh fuck, that's why we hired the guy. Let's bring the door. That's why we Yeah. Bring him. Well, we, We've, we've had the good fortune guys, I'm gonna say been friends for 20 years. So we, we've, we knew Don't touch it. Yeah. We have a, yeah, we have a good little, we have a good little dance. It's like the guys on TBS, you know, Charles Barkley and those guys. Someone just need to say to them, don't touch it. Hey. Right. Don't touch it. Just don't. I love those guys. Yeah. We'll be right back. And now back to the show. But did you, you must have, was it just, was it not what Jason was saying? Did you felt an Obligation?


No, I was going there. I liked that actually. Yeah. You were thinking about the deal. You'd already struck for the sequel. You woke up and then you woke up and you're like, did you buy a Ferrari? What the fuck did you do that next morning? Got a tattoo, A Batman tattoo on your head. You're like, I've never, I never even want a Ferrari, but I better fucking get one now. You know? I don't even want one. That's true. You know, I actually did investigate getting a Ferrari one time. Yes. I actually did. And And I, And I. Remember thinking, I'm too lazy for the amount of work and effort I'm gonna have to put into this. I'm just too Lazy. You mean the clutch And the right? Yeah. Well, not that so much, but like, where do I do I have to be careful. Where can I really drive it? Is this really worth it? You know, I'm blessed that I don't need a lot of stuff.


'cause I don't have, I'm just lucky that I don't need a lot of stuff, you know? I just don I'm not so cool. I just don't, I don't have an interest in all. I Love that you thinking through The, practicality of a Ferrari. Yeah, I know. I'm going, there's there nothing Practical about It. You can't valet it. Like what do You do? Is it good on ice? All of a sudden I'm the least interesting, Most unfun guy. Oh, I don't know if this is practical. Oh, I put my clubs. There's no backseat. Exactly. Yeah. I know you really well. You must have been elated and it must have felt like a good vindicator. Now look, you'd had a lot of success before, but this was like a different, this was a different thing. I bet. Right. I let myself enjoy it. It was global. You let yourself enjoy it. Yeah. And, and also what, what Jason called the downer.


Let's just refer to Down refer No. And a little bit of that. It's say, whoa, this is a lot. You know, it's not, I don't love this kind of stuff, You know? Yeah. And my, you know, sometimes grateful, knowing you, knowing who you are now and all your success with all of the unbelievable, your resumes just one of the most impressive ever. It really is. It's just incredible. It's incredible. I always, you know, you don't think about, oh, well that guy probably had, he had an audition like his, like, I just see you as a movie star, but when you're, when you're younger, you had to audition and start out. Yeah. You know, just like all the rest of us. And it's hard to imagine you walking into a room. What made you, didn't you grow up in, where did you grow up? Yeah, I, right outside of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


And so what got you to la? Like what made you wanna do it? Well, boy, we could go, let me make It, we have 10 minutes left. Okay. For this one, for this one answer. Okay. Right. Yeah. Audition a couple times. What's your next Question? No, no, I'm kidding. I'm totally, we have an hour. Whatever you want. I was this, I was this kid who was, you know, started to get very interested in, I thought, could a person do this? You know, and Yeah. 'cause I come from, so not that background except my, a funny family, my funny brothers and sisters and a big family and youngest. So there's that.


Right. So when I went to school, I was always curious 'cause my friends, And I were my, the guys I hung with tightly. And, and some young women at the time were funny. And, and I'd like to be around them. And I knew what my taste was in terms. And so I, I, I was not a theater kid, however, I did take a couple theater classes, so I was clearly curious about this. And I was not very good, I don't think. I auditioned for a play. I got a little role in a play in school, didn't really do anything for me. And then I dropped outta school to make some money to go back to school. And in the interim, I was doing this play in Pittsburgh Sticks and Bones. And at the same time working at the PBS station where I do everything and, and, and everything.


And at the same time, I was, while I was in school, I was really into the Lampoon And I was really into Yeah, for sure. Everything funny. And I was just, and so I started writing And I thought, I don't know if I can even do this other thing. If I ever try it, maybe I could write this. You're just a kid trying to figure, figure things out, right? Yeah. So I said, well, I'm kind of liking this And I just trusted myself. And I said, you know what, this you, this is, this is either gonna happen or not happen. So I started to go to New York where I was about to move. And at the last minute I went to California thinking I'd only stay there for the summer. And I was writing And I, started performing standup and doing a play. And the standup thing worked in New York.


Like, like that off the bat. I mean, when I say worked, it didn't work. It worked in that. I got asked back the first time I showed up, and that's a big deal. So you did that And I went, I really love this 'cause it was theater to get to the auditioning part. So now I go to California and I'm gonna do this real fast, and I'm sleeping on floors like everybody else, and crashing with buddies and working in restaurants and doing all the thing, parking cars, doing everything everybody does. The thing that turned it around in terms of the audition process was I was an okay auditioner, but what And I tell when young people ask me, I tell 'em this all the time. Forget I want, I want, I need forget.


Throw that out. You're fucked. You have the job. The job is for the next 15 minutes. You're at work. Right. You audition is the job. That's the gig. Right. So you got to go to work today for 15 minutes. Right. You know, it's excruciating. It's a horrible setup for, you know, it's, there's nothing good about it. But that That was the once I said, I'm not gonna look at this. Like, I gotta get this. I turned the corner where I said, you know what, man? I feel pretty good today about what I did. So I'm just gonna look at it like at three 30 out at MTM studios or wherever I was gonna be. Bradford. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going Radford, I'm going to work. And so I thought, yep. Get, get ready to work.


What a great approach. My job only lasted 20 minutes and then I went to my regular job, And I said, I don't know. Fuck. I love that. Freed me up. Totally freed me up. Of course it did. And And I, like the idea of also telling that to young actors. 'cause people, you know, they ask me for advice all the time. And I always say, you know, fuck off. So now I have something that I can say I came up with. Get that camera outta my face. Who the fuck? Who gave you my parents? Know your parents. Shut the fuck. No. But, but that is such great advice. And it is. You know, I think the other thing is we, it kind of falls in the same line of like, once you realize, once you get older and you've done a bit more in, in doing what we do, you start to, and you get to the other side and you have a chance to direct JB and, and produce stuff and, and, and whatever.


You realize when they, that they are looking to solve a problem. Right. That they want somebody to come in. Right. They want, what you don't know as a young actor is they're on your side. They're on your side. They want you to, to get this job because they 'cause they got another character to cast. Yeah. Because once they figured that out, And I was like, And I. Remember casting something and you know, with Mitch and being like, and people coming in and going like, oh, fuck it. I hope this dude's good, man. Not And. I used to think that. They're like, oh, show me. No. We were like, fuck it. This guy's cool. Yeah. I wanna check the box. I wanna check that box. But you guys are actors, so you're sympathetic. You go, you, you know, you go, you know what that feels like, right? Yeah. Yeah. So, you know. Yeah. You know, you, you don't want some, there's no merit in what?


Should somebody go down? Oh No. There's no merit to it. It's The worst. It's the worst. It's the fucking worst. I feel terrible. Worst Feeling. Wait, I want to talk about, because, you know, we, I wanna make, but, but you did you you did. Sorry, I was just gonna say was he was just talking about the, the auditioning shot. If you don't mind just one second. Yeah. Oh yeah. Made me think of another subject. No, I'm just kidding. Do you No, while we're on the subject, is that, is that, and you were talking about MTM You did, I wasn't kidding in my intro. Yeah. You were on that two different iterations of the Mary Tyler one called Mary and the other called him Mary. Really? Mary Tyler Moore Hour? Is that what it was called or something? Yeah. With Dave Letterman With Letterman Letter.


Letterman Letterman bailed after the first one. Yeah. I stuck around. That's So funny. And they were in the fucking cast together. I didn't know that. In 1978, Michael. Is that right? Yeah. Wait, did you work with Jimmy Burrows? Jimmy Buroughs. Wait, Jimmy Burrows directed. He directed Mary Tyler Morris. Wait, Jason, you And I. You know, one of my favorite jobs ever. YI always really liked Gary Goldberg. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, and, and he I always really liked him. Good guy. Yeah. And, and, and his wife. I remember Diana Courtney actually was just singing his praises two days ago at, at the same time she was singing yours, Huh? Yeah, she's, well, he, he's, he, he gave me this gig. That was one of my favorite.


I'll, I'll talk to you about that. MTM thing. But one of my favorite things I ever did was this character I did on Tony Randall had a show for a minute. He had a couple shows, I guess many shows probably. But, but he had a thing called Tony Randall Show. And, and Gary Goldberg hired me 'cause he had seen me do something. I think he gave me the job. I might have auditioned, but at night school it was called Ed's Night School, I think. And, and Tony Ramble taught Law at a night school. And I played this kind of dude, you know, and, you know, like kind of a little dense, which is always fun and hard to play, play playing as stupid as So Will has no problem playing this.


Nope. It's my fucking, it's my right Outta bag. That's That's your, that's your sweet spot. Anyway, so I played this thing and, and as an aside, I, I learned as much about comedy from watching Tony Randall. 'cause he would kind of direct, 'cause he knew more than anybody anyway. And he, his precision was so And I was up about like, I thought, no, man, you know, freewheeling, his precision was so impressive that I remember going, whoa, pay attention to that. You know, where, you know, where and the how and the, you know, it was just really an education. So yeah, when I was, when I was doing that And I, I, I apparently have forgotten the question, but Mary Tyler Moore of Grant Mary.


Oh. So then that, that led to all that other stuff. So Letterman bailed after the first, we all thought it was gonna be a little something and she was wonderful. Yeah. Lady really liked her. And, and, and the guys who were part of that group, who was j Tarsus and Tom, you know, those guys, they were part of it. So we went, well, their pedigree is really good and it wasn't quite what we thought it would be. And Dave bailed And I stuck around for the second iteration, which was so fun, man. I had a little, I could afford a Honda, a little Honda Civic. And I could, I remember driving to work down to MTM studios thinking there's No Way, this could get better.


Yeah. Right. There's No Way. My work could get better than this. Yeah, yeah. And I was making you, you remember the, I mean, you go, oh dude, look what you're making. You know, and, and it wasn't much. And you go, are you kidding me? Yeah. I have a little apartment. It's relatively clean. Yeah. You know, like, you don't need too much a car. Yeah. Oh man, it's so fucking great, Dude. That you just hit something that, that sweet spot of that you guys know too. Like when you get that, that first gig where you go like, I'm fucking doing this, I'm doing this and I'm getting paid And, I'm doing this And I. I, I remember the first year Will and Grace, I was 27 years old. I was like, oh, I'll get fired next week. I'm sure. Sure. Right. But it doesn't matter at the time you go every week, You were on Will and Grace.


That's what it is. Yeah. Michael, I wanna go back to be the Beetlejuice two. Yeah. Looks incredible. Yes. When you got, yeah. It looks amazing. When you got the, when you said yes to doing that, were you like, yeah. Oh man. In the first day in the makeup trailer, you're like, why did I put this? I gotta put the, why did I say yes? I put the wig on, I gotta put the fucking dirt on my face. I gotta put the black circles. Yeah. Or you're like, no, this is awesome. It was, no, it was the second. It was like, this is awesome because you have to understand this is, this is a long time in the making, but not so you know it. Right. Yeah. Because everybody I knew for years were like, why don't they do a sequel? Why don't they do a se So finally it's here Because you can't recreate what we made.


You can't write it. Imagine trying to write it when a lot of the writing just happened, you know? Yeah. It wasn't on the page so much. Even though it, some of it was, and some of it was terrific. And the, the world was terrific. You go do that again. You go, it doesn't work like that. Even in the most, well-written, you know, you could take Larry Gelbar or Neil Simon or, or any of the brilliant writers and, and, and try to duplicate, try to duplicate Tootsie. It would've never, it wouldn't, you couldn't do it again. Yeah. So imagine trying to Right. Do that. So obviously that we were never gonna do it. Then for years, I thought, don't touch that. Leave that alone. Man. That's a little piece. You just leave that alone. Don't touch it. But I liked it so much.


And Tim And I worked so well together. And I liked him so much that every once in a while I would go, what do you think? And the answer was, nah. And then it started getting more interesting to me. And I suggested I'd like to do that again. Then that time passed, and then I thought it was done. So when it came around again, we didn't would see scripts now and then, and they just, you know, they just didn't work. And then these guys kind of got it and we went, whoa, this could be good. So Tim started talking to me about it. He had to finish something. And so, to answer your question, when you then you say, okay, I'm in, I had done a bunch. I directed this movie, And I Act in another movie. And another one, And I was a little tired. And I thought I would like another two months just to chill and kind of ramp it up.


Yeah. And And I didn't get it. And, I thought, fuck it, let's go do it. So we went to go make it. And as I'm sitting in that makeup trailer that you mentioned, I remember going, this is really fun. And I'm really excited. And, I'm nervous. 'cause I go, can you, can you pull this off again? And can you do it? 'cause don't do it if you don't look stupid and not just for me, don't fuck this thing up. You know? Right, right. And, and so what hit me was I was sitting in the makeup trailer going, yeah, here we go. That's right. And trying to explain to the woman, nah, they had, it's got a not quite, you know, talking her through that. And then we were getting there and getting ready to do it. And about three days in And, I went, there's something wrong.


And I. Don't know what's wrong. There's something off. It wasn't horrible. I just, that just Justin Thoreau, it's Justin Thoreau. He comes in with us and he sleeves on. He's so funny in this dude, he's so funny in this. I don't buy it. We'll wait and see. There's something, I'll be the judge. I'll be the judge. And I even. So listen to this. So I'm sitting there, And, I go, I don't know what this is. And I'm sitting in the makeup trailer and I'm going, yeah, this, this is fun. And, I'm having fun. But what, what is bugging me? And I looked in the mirror. And, I went, I, God, I know what it is. And, I don't, I don't know about you guys, but I don't, I don't look at makeup anymore. I should go check more often than the monitor. I know I've made huge errors by not, I don't, I don't look at things anymore. Just go do it. And, I, go home.


I looked in the mirror. And I went. I got it. I know what it is. This thing we created came out of nowhere. It just, it just came out of this nowhere. When I looked in the mirror, I saw toys. I went, this is fucked up. I saw the, you know what I mean? I saw little beta juice toys. Oh. Like, like, like, like it, it looked like, you know what I mean? Yeah. It looked like Yeah. Key chains. And it looked like mugs. And it looked the Commercial part of it that had Yes. That it had become all the Merch. Yeah. And it wasn't that, that, that's a bad thing. It was. Oh, that perception is, yeah. We've seen them because we've seen it on t-shirts. We've seen And. I go. So did you change the look at all? No. That's interesting. I didn't, I went a little bit.


Yeah. There was something with the hair that wasn't working. I went, nah, that's, that never really looked exactly like that. Then you're trying to like, and then you go get that whatever it takes to get that outta your brain. Just go back to what made you even think of this frigging thing. It's a derivative. It's a, it's it's based on, it is, it is. It's based on an impression. I remember feeling that way with a, with writers on who would, would go, all of a sudden you'd read a script and they'd go and they'd have your character do something And I like, yeah. Oh, they want me to do it basically. 'cause they saw me do this in other times. Yeah. But those, they don't realize that in other times, my character did that 'cause it was organic to what was happening. Exactly. Now they just want to see the trick. They don't want See what led up to the trick.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you know what I mean? And itll, And you'll never do it as well. Yeah. Yeah. You'll Never, never do it as well. How did you fix that, Michael? How did you, how did you make a, a friend Like that? Psychologically you had to go wipe that outta your brain. Take it outta your brain. Find a new version of them. Yeah. On set. Yeah. No. You know, when you go on set, go. What, what was the thing originally? Yeah. Where, you know, what was this? Was this thing originally just go be that again. Make It yours again. Yeah. Make it yours again. Make it like, how did we come up with this crazy thing? And what was hard about That was there were certain things in the, look, man, I'm on record of saying how good this thing is. I'm not gonna go on and on. It's so good. But yeah, I can't wait. When I go on the set, there were things in the script shows you how smart I am that I remember reading the script go, Ooh, this, this could, this could work.


I go, I don't know about that. I don't know. Tim likes that idea. I don't think that idea's going three of them. I was wrong on all three. I was wrong about, I was dead wrong when I saw it. I went, He's, he's a, he's just a remarkable filmmaker. Yes. I mean, the thing, he's never done anything easy. Not once. No. No. And Edward Edward Scissors hands, you know. Yeah. Incredible. All that. I just, his degree of difficulty that he takes on and just drills it every single time. Yeah. I don't Feel like, except for Carol Nail clipper feet. Do you, do you think, do you, Which was undergrad, but Which was so do you guys do, so you do this and you, and like you've gone on the record saying it's gonna be great.


I mean, that is a lot of pressure, right? Yeah. And you have this thing, this iconic thing that you guys Correct. And you're like, I'm sure when you're reading it or you're doing it, you're thinking like, fuck man, if we don't drill this, we are. Yeah. We got a target on our fucking back. People are gonna come for us. Yeah. Honestly, I didn't like, But it's team sports, right? You don't really take team sports. Do you Take it on, you know, individually? N no. Right? I mean, don't you sort of, do you get that sense when you're working on something that it's, we're all kind of rowing in the same direction and, and that it's not really on you because you, you If you're healthy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you, do you find yourself in that, in that position as often as you want to mentally?


Good. Good question. Yeah. Mostly I think, I think I'm, I think there's a part of me and honestly, I'm not being humble here. There's a part of me that's just plain stupid. I think there's a part of me that just goes, I don't know. I don't think of some of these things. Other people think And I don't know what that comes from. But I just don't, sometimes I do. And I certainly was nervous about going back into it. It to only to say, can I do this? Not just do it and get through it, but go. Can you, can you get there? 'cause it's deserving of you being Yeah. Being good. You know, you, you need to be, be good. And in terms of what me talking about, I'll tell you when I say I don't care what anybody else thinks of it, I'm willing to say when I think about it, because this is just how I feel about it.


There's movies I've seen and you guys have seen that People have hated And. I went, not me, I love this movie. Or I don't, or other movies where you go, right. I don't get what people are raving about. It just Right. Me, I don't care. Every person I've ever run into for the rest of my life could say, boy, that second beautiful really sucked. I'd go. Not to me. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, it, it, it has so many elements. It's so beautiful. First of all, physically, and, and, and it's, you kind of care. And I'm telling you, every fucking person is funny. And this, I mean, Justin is funny. Catherine is funnier than she was in the first one, which, And just for the, just for the audience, it is a biopic. Yeah. Yes, Yes.


Thank you. Yeah. Thank You. Well, I Just want, based on a true story, it's based on a true story. It's true story of bele juice that character goes through across, you know What, it's, it's licensed just to go out and be silly. It's just, I I love that Fucking great. I love it. Oh man. I, well I look like we say we've taken up too much of your time. I could talk to way Too much like an hour way too long. I know, I know, I know. Yeah. Really. And we're just, what a thrill to have you, man, on the show. You're just, I I just love that like Jason said, that you're still doing it. That you're still rising, you're still doing incredible stuff. You keep surprising us and, and mixing up. And Might I add that? You you look fucking fantastic. Yeah, you Do. Yeah. You look great. Look at you.


I haven't seen you in 30 Years. Sound great. You don't sound crazy. I, I hope I'm not crazy ever. You know what I mean? None of us kind. Crazy. You're appreciative. I mean, Yeah, you've done it all. And, I mean that be the best way Because for Christ's sake, Jesus. But You've done it all and you've, and you've got your fucking feet on the ground and you're just guy, Lemme ask you a question. If I would do this show every day, would I get this? Yeah. No, not really. It's just, I not it's usually just once. But It's, that's a fucking good question, by the way. That's a good question. That's really funny. No, we, we turn, we turn on you pretty quick. I like the read, Jason. It wasn't mean not, I'm being honest. Not probably With just the One we, we turn on each other. It doesn't take much for us to turn on each other. It happens pretty Quick.


Yeah. Immediately we'd put you right in the stew. You'd get it as hard as we do. Yeah. But what a thrill, man. It was so great to talk to you. And, and Beetlejuice. Beetlejuice, man. I'm, I'm excited. Yeah. All right. Let's Thanks Michael. Thanks guys. Yeah. Come on back outta Montana and come hang out with us. Alright. Thank you. Honestly, it was really fun. Thank you. Thanks man To see you Michael. All right Brother. Thank you buddy. Bye. You've been stealing Michael Keaton shit for years. I know. I didn't wanna embarrass him as well because, and, and I've, I've, I've, you know, got to know him just to say hello over the last five, six years or something. We'd see each other at stuff and you know where I always talk to him. JB Huh?


CO's Christmas party. Oh, you. But it's true. I do. You got, you're gonna get invited this year again, don't You mention his name to me. But, But, but And I always talk to him about stuff. And I always tell him how much. And he's a big hockey fan. He's a big Penguins fan. So we talk hockey and, and then, and then last year he was really kind to me. He said something really nice about me on, on Colbert, about Lego. Oh, nice. Which was a fucking thrill of a lifetime. But anyway, so we, yeah. Yeah. And And I just, I just loved the way he does it. And I. It's the only impression I've ever done. And I didn't want to, and he doesn't know this is, is of him and, but it's an impression of him from gung-Ho.


We didn't talk about That. Don't do it. And. I go. We, they're going the Japanese, they bought the, they bought the car plant. That's really good listener. If you could see it. People can't see it. If you could see it, You could see it. It's good, right? You'd say It's really good. Close. Close. Yeah. Yeah. I've just been such a fan of his. And like you, I mean Jay, you, you pointed out, I mean does seamlessly between comedy and drama and absurdism and just everything and, and Yeah. And. I. Like what you said, My life. Have you ever watched my life? No, I Think I probably have. It's a fucking, it's so great and sad and Oh.


my God so good. Anyway, We're gonna say Jay. Well just that he's, he's reached such a, a, an enormous height of, of success and relevance. Yet he can still go to the market yet. Yeah. And he can still get a movie finance. Yes. Like that's really hard to, I dunno if he could Yeah, he could, If he could go to the market for sure. Because he's not a celebrity. He's just a really, really well respected, very famous actor that can do anything and people go to see him. Yeah. And I. Like what you said, Jason, about the, you can't really nail him down. Like you can't. Or maybe you said it well that you, you, you can't, you can't label him. Yeah. You can't label him. Right. Yeah. I love that. That's so true. Yeah. That, by the way, that movie, my life, he's about a guy who's gonna die and he may and his son's gonna be born.


He's with Nicole Kidman I think. And he, and he, he leaves videos for his son 'cause he's not gonna meet him. Oh geez. Of what to do and how to live it. Like what to do and how to do stuff. If you're looking to get rid of any tears, I guess he's just dial that up. And. I. Extra extra. Wish I could hug you guys right now. Yeah. Dump some. Hey. On that ranch that he was living on, do you think there were a lot of animals around there? Like what kind animals do you think around? Oh, ain't gonna Hope your fucking cuts out. What kind of animals? I hope the electricity goes outta your house, right? Wait, no, like there's probably like cows and there's probably like bigger cows and like chickens. You mean like some bison? Bison.


Smart. Less SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barber Co. Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm. JF Smart less.