
So guys, welcome. It's time for another session of SmartLess Cold Open. Yeah. And who would like to begin? Anybody wanna begin? Willie's in, Willie's in hysterics over a joke that Sean just told that America you cannot hear. I hear. Definitely, because if you did, you'd never like Sean Hayes again. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart, smart, smart JB.


You look, JB looks like, like a guy with the glasses and the hat and the beard and the hair. He looks like he's just, he's spending the weekend, he's parked the van up in Bend, Oregon, right? Yeah. He's up in Bend. He's gonna do some windsurfing on the river at, at, at the gorge. It's disgusting. I, you know what, he's At the gorge. These are, these are frames. They look Good. I like those Listener. These are, these are, these are frames that like you would see on plastic Man, if you're as old as I am. Yeah, for sure. It's kinda like the, they're kind of like tragically hip now that my wife made me get Yeah. I just keep 'em at the house. But I wore them today. Good. And their transition lenses, so they get that little congrats, sneaky kind of half tint. And so, and, and so the problem is like, I'm keeping them at home so no one sees them.


But I've been on Zooms all day and so Will's just reminding me that I've looked like a freaking douche bag all day. No, you Don't. I said, you look kind of crunchy. I I didn't see you look like a douche bag. I said I'm you look, look like grew up in Oregon. Well, I'm saying you got this hipster little truck hat on and everything. The Glasses look like you could have a neck tattoo. Yeah. Right, Right. You could be that You live in Highland Park. It's, Wait, let me ask you this. What's a part that you would never, never get asked to play or would want play a center to play? Oh, Well probably this, this guy. This guy. Oh, for real. Well, yeah. I mean, the part I'm playing, I mean, that's why I grew up this dumb ass beard and long hair is 'cause I'm playing a guy that is, you know, he is got a drug history and he's sort of bad decisions.


The, you should get cast as like some smart middle-aged white dick, you know? Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, well, We'll let the audience do the math in that one. I was gonna do the math for you, but You guys wait, so what's going on? Have you guys had the dumb, dumb busy day like me? I mean, today it's just like, It kept coming. No, I a super slow day today. I did, I had a bunch Of, I went to the eye doctor. Oh, check this out. Look at this. I went to the eye doctor today. Just my left. Which One, which one was sick? Can you see? Oh yeah. It's still a little One's dilated. Yeah. Two, two are dilated. Just this one. So did Scotty have to drive you today or did you take risk by I told Yourself.


I, I was like, I'm fine, I'm fine. And I pulled out into traffic. I was like, Ooh, I don't think I'm fine. Jamie, I I thought about you when I, when I got dressed for this, because I've been, I know you did. Doing a bunch of stuff. And I. I worked out, I did two different kinds of workouts today, but I'm, I'm in, it's being transitioned. I'm transitioning between different parts of my day. And, I thought. You know who's, who's gonna love my look? And. I'm gonna have to give you the full, oh, there we go. 'cause you're gonna hate, You've already got on the, you've already got on the baggy cenac. Which, Which is nice. Oh, he's got the Crocs on which He's got white Crocs on guys with the heel strap. Wow. That Is, and then camo Shorts. And camo Shorts. And then golf socks. So You've got an indoor outfit on today? Like me? Or have you been outside? I remember one time. Did anybody see that today?


I, I went outside. I, I went, nobody, nobody saw this. Nobody saw this. But I remember one of my favorites was Seeing you, you And, I were hanging with Krasinski. This is minimum 15 years ago. And he was wearing some stupid little socks with his vans. And he just had, and then you just look over and you go Laundry day. Yeah. No, I don't think I said that. 'cause that's, that's the line we've always heard. I think I just said confident. Yeah. Or, Oh, that's, oh, That was the one. That was the other one you said. No, sorry. Confident. Huh? That was, you went C No, you didn't say confident. You just went confident. Which is just so shitty. It's So good. It's so Good. It's dumb. But wait, how did, sorry, sorry.


Guest. We're gonna get right to you 'cause you're even busier than all three of us combined. How did the white Crocs find their way into your closet and Email? Well, you know what, thanks for the plug. My friends@dicks.com sent me bunch. We've Seen it. Bunch of stuff. We've seen it. Yeah. They sent me a bunch of stuff. Bless Their hearts. Yeah. They sent money Of moneys For me, for me. And Yeah. That seems fire. Did you not get compensated for the commercial? I did. You're looking at 'em. They're called Crocs. God, those are expensive Crocs. They, they sent, they sent me Crocs and for, for the kids and me. So we all got 'em. And I've never really worn Crocs. And I'm gonna be honest, They're pretty great. They're Really comfortable. Have You ever They're super comfortable. Before a really quick, I have a Croc story.


Okay. So I was doing promises, promises, and afterwards I met. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. And afterwards I went out and did the meet and greet that you have to do sometimes if you wanna say hi. And there's a very buttoned up family. And the little boy who was like nine years old, he had like a suit on with the Crocs and the girl had a little dress on. And after the show you're like, fired up. You're doing bits, you're doing bitch. You're trying to be funny. You're trying to still entertain them. And so the little girl, she's like, can you sign a program? And I was like, sure, what's your name? She's like, Sue. I go, what? A tsunami of a performance or some stupid joke. Yeah. And then I looked at him and he took off his crock And. he said, wait, he took off his crock And. he said, can you sign this? I go, yeah. Wait, shit. Yeah, He said had, how about you sign this for your crock of shit performance?


Is that what He said? No. Didn't you tell me one time in a, in a really low moment in your life, you wore Crocs to a meat and beat? Wait, what's a meet and beat? Oh, sure. Oh boy. Listeners, listeners, can you just call Sean real quick for Us? Oh, a meet and beat. Okay. I did the Math. Okay, guys, do you like football? Hey, I do Willie Sean. Do you like football? Yeah, Sure, man. Actually I do. Do you like golf? Mm. Do you like, do you like horse racing? Yeah. I like, do you like car racing? Do you like basketball? Yeah. Do you like the Olympics? Yeah. I love the Olympics. Our guest today is the guy that's been holding your hand for about 35 years through some of of the most exciting life, television and personal excellence ever. Don't.


He's as casual and comforting as he is knowledgeable and anxiety inducing. He's your favorite house guest, but he's got no idea where you live, guys. He knows all the things about sports, but is not an athlete. He is as familiar as a family member, but you don't know a thing about him. Until now, will Sean listeners, please welcome the star of the highest rated television show, 13 years running and the host of the upcoming Summer Olympics in Paris. The one and only Mr. Mike, Tirico Rico. I knew Oh wow. The big reveal there I am. I mean, is that an intro? Wow. God, I I was trying to write that down. I wanna repeat that. That's Awesome, man. Thank you. How about you? Jason's busy day.


He wrote that intro. Yeah. Welcome Mike. It. Thank you guys. This is good. Good to have you Here. I am a listener and it's a, it's an honor to be on come. Although I'm nervous as hell To be honest. Please, you don't have time to listen to dumb ass podcasts Or losers. I maybe you for, you didn't catch the part where I'm wearing Crocs. Mike I didn. So now, when do you squeak in the time to listen to anything? Like on, on planes? I'll bet. Yeah. On planes, on a walk. I'm like a 1.75 podcast listener. Sure. Yeah. I I need to get 'em over quick, you know, so I try to squeeze 'em in. So you might go like a horse racing or auto racing around the events and then like, I need a, a little bit of a change. So, so actually one day, one of our PR guys said, you know, look at the top 10 podcasts in America.


And, I saw this one. I said, well, this is the only one that really appeals to me. And yeah, so I'm, I'm not an every week guy, but I'm here every once in a while. Sure. Well, listen, there's a little something for everybody on this dumb show. You however, are right up my alley, Mr. So let's, let's just get into it. Mike, let's start from the beginning. Let's start from the very beginning. So can we, so, so your dad's driving your mom to the hospital, right? She's in, she, all right. So let's, let's, let's, well, where did it, where did it, were you an athlete? Are you an athlete? I, I worked that into the intro there. 'cause it kind of rolled Nice. Good. But I'll bet you're a bit of an athlete, right?


No, no, no. You, you, you were right. They, so in my family, we have two kids. My wife played basketball at Syracuse. So we have a Dog and you in Syracuse, that's where you guys met. Yeah, that's Where, where we, where we met. So we have a dogs, there are five of us in the house. I'm the fifth athlete In the house. You know, I, I play golf. It's not pretty. I I love it. I, I I feel like I'm this close. I'm the king of the range. I've won more titles on the range than maybe head golfer alive. And I feel really good in the short game area. And then for some stupid reason it doesn't translate. So I gotta Figure that out now. How, how bad a golfer are. You let, lemme Guess. I'm a 15. I was gonna put you at 10. Yeah. I I was covid I was 10.2.


Yeah. Weren't we all And I was feeling pretty good about life. And I said, here we go, we're going, we're gonna get to single digits. Life's gonna be good. And that hasn't happened. You so wait, you got your index down to a ten two? I did during Covid. I was playing every day. And I kind of knew what I was doing. It was, was socially distant. Yeah. Yeah. That's what got me back into golf. That's When we started playing again. Was was during, we hadn't played for years. Really? JB, And, I. Yeah. We started playing and, and then it just, and then JB went absolutely mental. 'cause I have addiction issues. Well, he does. And it was, it was crazy. And then his wife is really mad at golf and blah blah. And I said, you know, the, the, the fix to it is don't go mental. Right? Yeah. Just do it. Like, don't do it every day. But he couldn't, he couldn't hear me.


'cause he is watching swing videos. Yeah. I'm obsessive. But now, now that I'm working, I don't, I'm, I put them down for nine months. I won't even touch my clubs. So when you go back, will you be good? I will be terrible. And I will stay outta the money games because I'll still be stuck smart with my old index. But here's what's so weird. So, so this is, it's funny that JB, so I said to JB Sunday, we all saw each other for dinner. He, he'd been in New York for a couple months. And I said, why don't you no. Yeah, Senator. I said, why don't you come to the range with me just 'cause you're here this week. Just come to, come to the range over at where we play. Can't even be around. He's like, no, I can't. I got, I can't do it until October. It's a trigger, Trigger situation. Oh, Well it it's just about moderation my friend.


Yeah. I I'm just, I'm not good at five. I need every at 10 or a zero. It's, that's my problem. Wouldn't You find it as a release? Just get away for a little bit. Stop your mind. That's what I find. Go take It from Mike. Yeah, it's true. But then that means I've gotta be kind of indifferent as to how I'm playing. Right. And, I, And, I gotta care. You know? That's right. I mean, you, you know what I'm talking about. You don't, you don't call to see the wagon and bring it right back to you. Oh yeah. You don't, if you don't, you don't phone in your work there, you make it seem very casual. But it takes a tremendous amount of preparation, I would imagine, especially just in switching sports. But then having to know all the specific players and the relevance of that game per the rivalries between those teams and where it sits in the season.


And all of that stuff is just like, talk to us about your preparation, about your team. I'm sure you've got people that you, you you're reliant on that are incredible. Yeah. It you're, you're right. You, you nailed it. I I'm paranoid that one day I'm gonna wake up and we'll have Katie Ledecky riding one of the horses in the Kentucky Derby. You know? Exactly, exactly. Circuits have crossed. No, no, no. Stop. Right, right. We have unbelievable research teams. Yeah. The story like of the Olympics on TV in America. Yeah. It has, the research department for the Olympics has been kind of the training ground for a lot of executives in tv. Wow. How over the 30, 40 years.


So a a bunch of the people who were Olympic researchers in the seventies and eighties and nineties now run sports divisions at CBS and at NBC. So really they, there's, they're super smart people and they give you more than you can read. And you just gotta figure out how to shorten the stack Yeah. And how to keep it organized. Right. Because I'm not gonna learn the rules for Know 30 sports and all the names of the 10,000 athletes for the Summer Olympics. But that's my job. They, somebody's helping me out. Well, who, Who deserves the, the, the accolades for That? was it, was it Ru Arledge? Yes. Back in the day. Yeah. Yeah. Doo going back to when a BC had the Olympics, and remember the wide world of sports when it started was the Sure.


Jim McKay. Yes. It was the ski jumper falling off the side of the hill. Oh, the best. Yeah. The best. I mean, not for him, but the best Rose. Yeah. The guy's name is Vanko Bogota. that was his name. I sat at the top of that speed at, at that ski jump. Did you in Austria once. Yeah. And yeah, you know, there's a big graveyard at the bottom of it that's like, that's all you can see from the top of that ski jump is just this massive graveyard that, anyway, Go ahead. Explains why he took the exit ramp to the left. He got distracted. Yeah. Yeah. But it was the thrill of victory. The agony defeat. Yeah. But it was up close and personal. That was their tagline for Yeah. The profiles. And, you know, one of the great executives in the history of, of television, not just sports television, Dick Ebersol.


'cause he was involved with Lorne Michaels with Saturday Night Live and all that stuff. Yeah. Dick really brought, he was working with RO at a BC as a researcher in the seventies. And he brought that sensibility and that storytelling to NBC way before I got there when NBC got the Olympics. And that has kind of defined our division since Dick was there and all the people who learned from him who were now in charge to tell a story like, make me care about the people. Yeah. It's my favorite part of the Olympics. Because these are people that are not making money in sports yet. They have to be an amateur to be Well, That's kind of changed a little bit. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. It some sports, but, but for the most part it is, you are tuning in to see these very sort of the, the people that you live next door to that are having these two minutes, this, this opportunity for personal excellence that they have been training for for 10, 15 years.


And are they gonna be overwhelmed by the moment, by the media, by the, by the stress? Or are they gonna sort a new heights because they're they're charged up. Yeah. The pressure is incredible. And, I, And I just met them with this five minute piece that started way back then. And I think was Ru's idea. Right. Like get to know the athlete and then as soon as you're done with that story, you cut right to them on the starting line. And it's just like, Oh my God. Gotcha. 'cause now you're inve. Now you're invested. Yeah. Yeah. And you guys are storytellers in your own way. So, so you get it. Here's the difference. Now you don't have five minutes. Mm. Yeah. People aren't gonna sit around for your story in five minutes. So it's, it's, our adjustment has become make it bitesize, make you care about somebody.


Yeah. And then show me their event. Or even the night before, Hey, here's this athlete's story, and tomorrow night they go for gold, Right? Yeah. You started, Well you had Sean at Bitesize by the way. I'm in. I just showed up. You started, you started even at the opening ceremonies. You guys started it by sort of just like dropping little breadcrumbs on certain amount. No, it's Really cool. Well, so, so, but Mike, so Mike, let's go back a little bit because obviously you, you're, you're at the top of the game as Jason pointed out, you know, Sunday night Football is the number one show on tv, right? Yes. Oh yeah. And, and it's, you've been doing this at the top. What is that moment? You're Mike Tirico at Syracuse. How do you become sports commentator, play by play sports host of the biggest?


Like what is that thing? Are you like, are you calling games when you're in your bedroom when you're 11 Little bit Yeah. You just drove down the street to Bristol and just like circled the building a couple of times, right? Throwing headshot out the window. Me in, Let me in. No, no, seriously, when I was a little kid, you asked my mom, this is what I wanted to do. I wanted to be a sportscaster from being Oh, that's so cool. A a little kid. And I'm, I'm really, I am 55 years later living my dream still every single day. So great man Day. And I. I do love Working. Where was that? Queens. Queens, New York in Queens. So when I grew up, I was, I was listening to Marv Albert Broadcasting course and the Rangers and work at NBC and Marv. Garbage time, Gar extensive garbage time.


Mar Marv did everything right. He, he did boxing, football, the local news, the rangers, the Knicks. And so I always thought, you know what, do everything, just figure out a way to become proficient at every sport that you can be invited to do. And Jim McKay, who somebody mentioned before, Jim McKay was the same thing. And those two guys were the models for me to, Hey, go, go figure it out. Went to college at Syracuse, interned at a TV station. They went through three weekend sportscasters in seven weeks. The GM said, I'm gonna hire somebody young and cheap. I was interning there, I was young. And I was cheap. And I, I, I got a, I got a tryout. I got a, a tryout on the air for six weeks.


Got hired by, after four weeks, spent four years there and then got to ESPN in 91, was there for 25 years and now Oh wow. Eight years at N BBC starting my next That's nine years. So Lemme ask you. So, so, so hang on. Sorry. I just 'cause you gloss over E esp n So you go to ES pn Yeah. And that's where a lot of us got to know you first on a national level, obviously. And as a, And they saw you on the local station there in Syracuse. I'm assuming there Was somebody, there was somebody who, who actually is still a friend and we work in a different capacity now who saw me doing local TV and was an executive at ESPN. And they told me send a tape in a year. I sent the tape in 10 months, got hired a few months later and, you know, did SportsCenter, And I.


I was there like in the salad days. You, you sure SportsCenter? I was with Chris Meyers who works at Fox now. Yeah. The weekends were Carl Ravitch and Linda Cohen, who is still there. ats, ESPN all these years later. And the main group was Dan Patrick and Keith Oberman and Bob Lee and Charlie Steiner, Robert, Robin Roberts, Gary Miller. We just had like this group that is still on for the most part, all on TV doing national sports. Yeah. Almost 25, 30 years later. I Love that. That was like the, you guys were like the Beatles of Sportscasters. That was like the first, like that generation you guys were, you set because nobody was doing it. Nobody had done it the way you guys were doing it before.


And you set that tone and everybody after That was trying to replicate that. Really? Yeah. And we will be right back.


Hey SmartLess listener, we get support from Mint Mobile. You know, when you discover a new binge worthy show or a song that you play on repeat and you have to share with your friends so they can experience just how awesome it is. That's kind of what it feels like when you discover that Mint Mobile offers premium wireless for $15 a month. When you purchase a three month plan, it's such an awesome deal. There's No Way, you can keep it to yourself. Mint Mobile is here to rescue you and your squad. With premium wireless plans starting at 15 bucks a month, all plans come with high-speed data and unlimited talk and text delivered on the nation's largest 5G network. Use your own phone with any Mint mobile plan and bring your phone number along with all your existing contacts to get this new customer offer and your new three month premium wireless plan for just 15 bucks a month, go to mint mobile.com/ SmartLess. That's mint mobile.com/ SmartLess. Cut your wireless bill at 15 bucks a month@mintmobile.com slash SmartLess. $45 upfront payment required equivalent to $15 a month. New customers on first three month plan only speed, slower, above 40 gigabytes and unlimited plan. Additional taxes, fees and restrictions. Apply cement mobile for details.


This episode is brought to you in part by Liquid iv. So it just was on that family reunion that I talked about. That was so awesome. And, but it was hot, hot, hot. And we were outside all the time. And I was just sweating and sweating. I put sunscreen on And I. I just kept sweating and losing all that water and like, and sweating. And sweating. Not only because of the sun, just, but because there was 26 people in one house. But it was super fun. And I. Just thought, you know what, before I left, I thought enough to pack Liquid Iiv with me. And it's such great news because they have the all those nostalgic flavors now that bring you back to, you know, those free spirited summers with Liquid iv, like the returning fan favorite hydration multiplier cotton candy. Yeah, that's a, that's a flavor, A technicolor dream scape of hydration. No fluff. All functional benefits with a sweet vanilla taste. Just one stick of Liquid IV hydrates you better than water alone with triple the electrolytes of the top sports drink, plus eight essential vitamins and nutrients. So the next trip that you go on that you know you're gonna be somewhere that's like hot and humid or wherever, which is basically everywhere. Make sure you have a liquid IV on you or in your car or just traveling with you in any way because it really, really helps hydrate you and keep you hydrated. Turn your ordinary water into extraordinary hydration with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. I talked about this before, but it's very, very dangerous to compare yourself and your life to others. I know it's really easy to do that, especially with social media and looking at people's lives who are like, oh, you know, that person's life seems better than mine or they have more than me, or whatever it is. But it's, it's really unhealthy and you really gotta check yourself to get off of social media. And what might help you do that and cope with that is therapy. 'cause comparing yourself to others is it's a total joy killer. It's so easy to look at someone's social media and think they've got it all figured out. But the truth is, everyone's got their own stuff going on behind the scenes that you can't see. Therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So you can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp HE p.com/ SmartLess.


And now back to the show. I love the station, but I never knew what ESPN stood for and I've figured it out a few times. And, I've still forgotten it. What for SM Stand for It. It did stand for the Entertainment and Sports Programming Network. Huh? Because you know the story at the start in, in September of 1979, a little bit before that they went up on a satellite and had a, had a satellite. And the original in the original idea was they're gonna broadcast Connecticut sports around the state. And they're like, wait a minute, this could be seen everywhere. So let's expand out the idea. And when I was mentioning all the names I didn mention, you know, the godfather of it all. Chris, Chris Bourbon, who? Yeah. Chris Berman. You know, Chris.


Chris with the nicknames and the, and the shtick and the whole deal. The backpack back. Chris made it cool. And a lot of people tried to emulate Chris or be like Chris. But I think the ones who succeeded, like Rich Eyes and Craig Kilborn, Stuart Scott, guys who came on after the main group I talked about, they found their own shtick, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and there was room for somebody like me who's a serious call the sports, you know, have a little fun with it, but it's not about me cracking one liners all the way to the guys who, you know, truly came outta comedy. Like Rich Eisen and Kilborn The Rich was a standup comedian before he came to school. Dan Patrick too. Dan. Dan Patrick. Right. So what Was your favorite Chris Berman nickname?


'cause I know mine that I have Bert B Home Bly Levin. That's funny. That's So good. Mine was Eric Sleeping with by Enemy. Yeah. That, that, that, that's exactly, so here's a, here's a stupid story. So we, so Syracuse is big for sportscasters and a lot of kids who wanna be sportscasters go in there and 30 something years later, it's almost 40 years later now, God, it's still the case. So we had just a bunch of nerds and That was our fraternity. We were all wannabe sportscasters and a bunch of us turned out to be. So we would keep a legal pad by our TV and write down every Chris Berman nickname when it was there.


No Way. It was like a community list. And we sent it to ESPN. We were pissed because ESPN never sent a thank you note back, whatever, you know, months later, ESPN put out a list of all the Chris Berman nicknames. Really? So we take credit for that, at least in our own hearts. Oh Listen, they're listening right now and they're filled with shame. They, they hired you and they still didn't give you Credit. A meeting, A meeting was just convened in one of the conference rooms. Everybody in. Mike, I have a question. Have you ever, oh, when you, when you are calling a game and you do it all the time, week after week after week after week, what do you do when you're just like, yeah, I'm really not in the fucking mood to do this thing.


Like, how do you, you, you must have like days when you're like, how am I gonna get it up for this? What's Your pill of choice, Mike? That's, You know, I, that's what Sean wants you to take this. He wants to make some news here. You know what, I one, well, it, it's a couple of things. Fortunately, you're at games almost all the time. Yeah. And it's 50, 60,000 people. So you, you guys have performed in front of audiences. There are nights. Everybody doesn't have it. Something's going on. Family, you're sick, you've traveled for 15 weeks, nobody cares. Right. Right. You're, you're always, you're always trying to make sure that you reach a standard that you've established over the year. So you just tap into that and like, a Little bit of that, but also the crowd.


I like look those people. Yeah. It's exciting. Those people are spending money. Well, And the millions of people watching too. Yeah. Yeah. We e Exactly. But, but even like you, where do you look for just the raw energy for you if your energy's a little bit low? Yeah. Look at these people. They Guys, They, they, they tailgated, they parked. They've been there for eight hours. Yeah. And like now they're screaming at the top of their lungs. They painted their faces. They wearing their Jersey. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like, Like that gets you going. How does it not So when, when it's a bad day or it's not the best day, that usually picks me up. You know, Mike, it might, you saying they painted their face is always, I always seemed to me like a really funny, Tableau would be like one of those guys, one of those like crazy Raiders fans, you know, he's got the silver and he's got the horns and he's wearing the shoulder pads with the spikes and stuff.


And just like half a mile from the stadium exchanging insurance information with somebody else and just like, and and with bifocals on, bifocals on going, honey, it's not the Can you pass me the other one? Yeah. It's not the right, I mean, I can't read this. I was, I was also thinking about Mike, you know, like when you were saying that, you know, you you, we've all performed and stuff. I, I wa I used to watch football. My, I have three older brothers, they all played football. Everybody. I was surrounded by sports, you know, growing up And I played sports too. But then I kind of, you know, my story. So then No, we don't, let's hear it. What Hear What happened. And then I didn't like sports, but, but now I'm really into football and these guys know And, I do watch it every year.


And I. I, I really, really am into the stories like you guys are talking about and outlining all the people, the players. And then you get to know them and then you get to root for them or whatever your team is. Whatever. So I get it. But what I really honed into on in the last couple years was the performance of the players. And I never really noticed it before. So being an actor, I noticed that like, wait a minute, these guys are really kind of playing it up for the cameras. 'cause there's this, like you said, a stadium of tens of thousands of people. There's millions of people watching. If nobody was there, nobody's watching, they probably wouldn't get as angry or push as hard or kind of That's interesting. Yell back as hard. Yeah. You know what I mean? They kind of heighten their performance a little bit. Don't you agree? I I do. And I'm gonna say that, you know, this am their psychological analysis of this.


I think it's the generation that's grown up in front of cameras. Yeah, yeah. I agree. Like they know where the camera is, how to play to it. Right. Right. They know I score a touchdown. This is my marketing moment. You know, you got guys who have their td re TD celebrations all rehearsed, they know it's on me right now and point to the name on the back of their jersey. Yeah. Right. So they get it. Yeah. Terrell Owens started it with the, with the Sharpie shoes. Yes. Right. Yeah, Exactly. And then, but, but even the broadcasts have specific cameras set up and screens set up in the end zone for them all to gather and do their, basically their selfie. Yeah. So that That was That was a Covid thing. Yeah, That was a covid thing. 'cause there were no fans. Oh, okay. So there was like a fan camp. So you could watch the game like on a Zoom.


Yeah. And you sit there and you're watching the game and hey, in the third quarter your face will be in the end zone and then they're going yay. Into their, into their computers. Oh, wow. Yeah. Yeah. And people and the, and the guys were seeing them 'cause they were just trying to find a way to create some atmosphere. Right. But the drama seems to always just be a little bit more than, well you Was like, fuck performance. You talk about soccer, right? Well, I was, I mean the, the flopping is just like, it keeps me away from watching it a lot, To be honest. You Yeah. But I I it does. Look, look, it is bad and certain league is are worse than others. L Liga is the worst. And I would also say League one in France. But L Liga is full of floppers. And, and it is not just the, the Spanish guys too. You guys don't Get well started. No, it's true. Some of these guys, I watched, I watched that there Champions League final, you know, the other day the barista, Dottin Rael.


And there was, there was a Vinny Junior who's a tremendous football player. He didn't even get touched and he looked like he was shot that his sniper had taken off couple Times. My two favorites, my two favorites are the, the triple barrel roll when the guy goes down and he rolls and he rolls and he rolls again As he gains speed. Yeah. Yes. And, and then when, when they bring out the, you know, these million, million pound players in terms of their financial remuneration, and they're kind of carrying them on this rickety little thing with two wood sticks and a piece of canvas, they carry 'em over to the sideline and all of a sudden they realize their team has the ball. They're right back in the game. Yeah. They pop. Well, well, the other one Mike can't like, is the, the guy he gets sort of tapped in his thigh and he grabs his face and you're like, wait a second.


Why are you grabbing your face? But, but I'll say, you know, so thank you for bringing up football, soccer, if you will, because that is one of those sports that for me, I was able to get into it. I'm a really a new super fan to it in the last 10 years. But because of the stories, because I was, I, I watched it with people who knew and they filled me and they'd say, this guy came from here, this manager came from here. Here's what the backstory is and What's I can Yeah. I mean, will will always used to say that to me. Yeah. Like, I was like, how can you watch it? You're like, watch this. He's like, Sean, watch the story. And that's what like the Formula One show on Netflix that, that got a bunch of folks into, well, formula One. Yeah. So I started watching like, like, like Sunderland till I, I was already into at that point. But Sunderland Till I Die, all those other things.


Great. It's like reality shows. It's like they, any anytime of reality competition show you get to know the people and then you get, it's The human story. You can relate to it at that point. You can relate to it on a human level. Right. So the the thing, the thing with soccer, football, soccer, whatever. Sure. We're in America's soccer. The the thing with that is it, it starts, it's rooted in tribalism. It's those small towns like a Sunderland, which you mentioned in, in England, the, you know, the, the city like you, you end up going to the grounds and a lot of kids walk there and it becomes part of you. Now it's kind of grown from a very tribal and local thing to regional, national, and global, which has just allowed the expansion of all this to happen. But at its roots, and especially if you go over to soccer in England, it's, it's our neighborhood.


It's our team. They're our guys. And we can be mad at them, but you can't Yeah. And I love that about the speaker. Yeah. Mike. You know, so a couple weeks ago I went, I went over, I went over to go to, to see Jurgen Klos second last home game, Jurgen Trouble. And, and, and I'm a huge fan of his And. I've had the Is that A Chris b nickname? Yeah. Ju Trouble. Sean's just does it on the first name. So, and I was, I had the great fortune of being able to, to spend a little bit of time with him in the past year. Oh, cool. Yeah. Yeah. And, and so I got to go over to Anfield and you walk into that stadium and you listen, first of all, And I went to Chelsea as well. I I, my friend joke that I went to watch Tottenham lose twice in a week. But I, so I went to Stan Stanford Bridge, but I went to Anfield. And I was sitting up there.


And I was sitting in front of Cedi Dogless. And the stand opposite us is the Sir Kenneth Dogless stand. Yeah. Okay. And he was a former player manager, legend and a Liverpool legend and a really tremendous guy. He's sitting right behind me with his wife and they start playing at Anfield, you Never Walk Alone, which is their anthem. And the whole stadium is singing. Oh wow. You know, 60,000 people seeing you never walk alone. And I turned around and his wife, who must have heard it 50,000 times in her life because her husband was a player manager, And I, look back and she's dabbing her eyes. It's so cool. So cool. And I thought like, and it was so in incred it was so moving, so, so moving. There's something about the way that you're right. That they celebrate that. Well, and well, It, there's something Will, there's something about sports.


Like most of us never meet the athletes who, yeah. We wear their jerseys. You know, the, the, the old, the old hockey line. You know, I go to a hockey game, especially where I live in Michigan and you, you got a bunch of people walking around with other guys' last names on their, on their back, on their back. Right, Right, right, right. But, but it's the one place, not only is it acceptable, it's encouraged and it shows that you're a real fan. Right. So, and it Brings people together that don't know each other. Well, that's it. Yes. That's the last thing we have. Right? I think so too. My stump speech about sports and the value of sports is let's go to New Orleans for a saints game and let me take one section of the Superdome and I'm gonna get black and white.


I'm gonna get male and female. I'm gonna get straight and gay. I'm gonna get different religions. I'm gonna get everybody in that section. Yeah. And they're all wearing some black and gold for the saints. Right. And that doesn't happen at the opera. It doesn't happen at the movies. Right. That's why I still think sports has this place, whereas everything's become so fractured. Like people still love their sports like nothing else. Mike has Has anybody ever said this to you? Because this is my own personal experience, is that no matter what's going on in my life, I can, you can have, we all have ups and downs, as you said. We have moments in the family, whatever. And the one thing that I can do to kind of self-regulate is I come home, And I. If I can turn on sports. Yeah. I kind of go, everything's okay.


Yeah, Yeah. Me too. Right. Do you do that? Yeah. You Po It settles me. Yeah. For Yeah. You both, both of you check out when sports are on. Yeah. And I'd love, love nothing more than primetime sports when you put on a game that's on at night. Yeah. It's, it's, it's like watching this old house on PBS on a Sunday afternoon. Oh, Sean. That's, we're we're having a good conversation here. Yeah. I'm an HGTV guy. Sean, if you wanna know the truth. Sean, you turned me on goal If you want. No, I like this old house advocate. Wait, Mike, where are you from? I'm from Queens, from New York. Oh, okay. Grew up, grew up as a New Yorker, you know, lived in the Northeast most of my life. Does That make you a Met fan? I wasn't a Mets and a Jets fan. Yeah, Yeah, of course.


What did we say was you had to, you had to be agnostic as you went into your profession. Well, I, the Mets thing was I just wanted to see them win the World Series once in my life. And they did And, I kind of outgrew. It's like an allergy, you know, they say, hopefully you out. I outgrew it. Like, so I've saved myself generations of pain after that. And then the rest of it really You do, you do become agnostic. People say, well, how could you watch a game and not root? There's one team in sports that I root for and that's Syracuse, that's my alma mater. Right. Sure. Gotcha. my God kid goes there. Oh really? No. Yeah. Sammy. Sammy Orangeman. Right. Awesome. What with the orange? We used to be the orange men and women. Now we're just the orange Now. Just the orange. All right. I get it. It could be a color, a fruit or a spirit.


You take your pick My godson lives in America. Continental In the continental or the contiguous No, you strike, you strike me as a fellow that would have great chemistry with anyone because you're such a kind guy. But I'll bet Chris Collinsworth doesn't make it difficult. Oh my God. He seems like just about the best guy in the world. I've, I've talked to him a couple of times, but not, not longer than when I'm talking with you. But still he seems just incredible. Is is he as nice a guy as he seems to work with Thousand, thousand percent. Yeah. I, I'll I'll give I'll give you just a, a quick, quick anecdote. Like I, I, you know, you do this so you kind of know people, but you're not around them.


Yeah. Then I start working at NBC And I. I get to be around Chris a little bit more. And I, get to know him and Chris. Now Michaels were a terrific team doing Sunday night football for a long time. Al Is the buddy of Will. And. I. We love Al d death. Yeah, it's great on the Mount Rushmore, one of the best, if not the best in every, every sport agreed to ever do it. Right? Yep. So I, I get to start working with Chris and you know, Chris makes it made it so easy for me. It's like, Hey, do do the game. You do let's, we can do things a little bit different. It, it's fine. And yeah, he's that way professionally, but he's also that way personally. Chris, his wife, Holly, their kids, they've become friends of, of me, my wife, our kids. And that helps 'cause when you're on the air on Sunday night, you're just sitting with a friend watching a game.


Yeah. And. I. That's what feels like that easy on Sunday night at nine o'clock. You're not listening to two people trying to compete. We Yep. We're trying to be our parts in the symphony. Yeah. No, you guys, you guys nailed it. 'cause that's exactly the feeling that, that I get when I sit down to watch the game with you guys. Is that it, it just feels like you're right there in the cozy, you know, not on the couch right there with us. Yeah. But you know, the, the, the reason it happens like that is, Is 'cause Jason's on a gummy Oh, I'm sorry. Everything Just, everything just part feels so smooth. It feels like I'm right there. Mar I can hear you in my Head. Wait, Mike, where where do you mostly work out? Wait, where do you live now? And then where do you work? Workout? Where does he out Of mostly. Mostly out. Come On, man. Where do you work from mostly?


I, I work most of the week in my house. I live in Michigan. And then, oh, we travel to the games usually for Sunday night football. We'll travel on Friday for the Olympics. We'll get there a week before the opening. And you're not sick of traveling back and forth like, you like where you live. It's a it's a lot. It's a lot. But I've come to love America. I, I love the fact that I can drop, I can be dropped in like 40 cities in America. And, I don't need a map. I know where the restaurants are. I know where Yeah. Wow. Where you can go for a walk. That is cool. That is Cool. It is really cool. I I really do feel like I've seen and know our country because, you know, you spend three days in Minneapolis, you spent three days in Chicago, three days in New England, and it's, that's cool. I love it. I really do. Now did some, was there, was there an obstacle?


Everybody's got a nice obstacle at the very start that they kind of decide they're either gonna push through or they're gonna hit fuck it and try something else. Was there, was there something that, that that almost derailed the great Mike Tarico? Yeah. I, I always wanted to call games what I'm doing now. Right. And my bosses told me, no, you know, you're a studio guy, we need you in the studio. So I volunteered to do games on my day off on Saturday and, and work a six day during the basketball season to get a chance in 94 to start, start doing games. And that's what I always wanted to do. And I'm like, I'm gonna prove to you guys that I'm good enough. And I. Love that. It took a couple years. And then in the end of 96, 1 of our bosses went to A, B, C.


And then He said, Hey, you, you told me that you wanted to start doing some other stuff. Would you like to do some golf? Yeah. Did two events in 96. And then 97 I got to do golf at a, B, C. And the best thing about starting golf in 1997, That was Tiger's first full year. First year playing golf. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. So I got gonna say, I got right in when the Tiger Era started and golf just freaking took off. Oh My God. We'll be right back.


SmartLess is brought to you in part by Audible. Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, or any genre you love, you can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases, plus thousands of included audio, books, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all they want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen right now. I read the book a long time ago, but I wanted to hear it again. It's called Sapiens by Yuval Noah Harari. I hope I'm pronouncing you right. You've all hopefully heard of him before. Get it. So this is a book about how we started as a human species. And I. It, it, it, it explores everything from then to now and compares and contrast all different ages of the human life really. It's really, really cool. Check it out if you can. As an Audible member, you can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash SmartLess or text SmartLess to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash SmartLess. Or text SmartLess to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash SmartLess.


Reboot your credit card with Apple Card. Earn up to 3% daily cash back that you can grow at 4.4% annual percentage yield a PY when you open a savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the wallet app on iPhone. Subject to credit approval savings is available to Apple card owners subject to eligibility, savings. And Apple Card by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more@applecar.com


We get support from Happy Egg. Now lemme tell you, there's something truly special about starting your day with a sunny side up that has that deep orange yolk just bursting with flavor. Right? That's the happy egg Promise at Happy Egg. All of their hens roam on eight or more acres of land, leaving no mystery to why their eggs are the best they are cared for by small family farmers and live their best hen lives day in and day out. Aside from their hens roaming across eight plus acres of farmland, they have plenty of access to fresh water and nutritious feed. This goes above the traditional free range farming, but it's what they believe is better for their birds overall. Lemme tell you, lemme tell you something, lemme tell you how great they taste. Okay with an orange rich yolk like these things, it makes all the difference in the world. I don't want that pale yellow, that stale yellow color. I want that rich sunburnt orange color that's on the horizon when the sun's about to set inside of my egg. I don't want a sad egg, I want a happy egg. Next time you're at the store, look for the yellow carton. Choose happy with Happy Egg. Visit happy egg.com/smartlist to find a store near you.


This episode of Smartlist is brought to you by booking.com. Booking dot Yeah. Whether you're planning a weekend getaway or a month long adventure booking.com has countless options across the US for any type of traveler you want to be. If you're craving some sunshine or a cozy stay in the mountains, all you need to do is enter your destination travel date, select any preferences and let them handle the rest. They even have guest reviews so you can feel good knowing you're selecting the right stay for yourself. I feel like a different person when I'm on a trip, right? Because I feel adventurous, I feel relaxed. I go to New York a lot, I go to San Francisco a lot. I'm a city person. And when I go on vacation, like in a city, I love it. I wanna go check out everything that that city has to offer. So what are you waiting for this spring? Check out booking.com for your ideal hotel or vacation home, no matter where you go in the US book. Whoever you want to be on booking.com. Booking dot. Yeah.


Alright. Back to the show. Can I just say something about the tiger, Eric, so that we can, because there's been, you know, there's a lot of that ti we had the privilege and people say, oh, you like Tiger words? I'm like, we had the privilege of watching one of the all time great athletic careers that's ever graced this planet. Yeah. And we got to watch it in pri as you say, JB in prime time. We, it was all recorded. We got to see every shot. And I thought, what a privilege. We had to watch this guy play at the top of his game. And Mike Calling the British Open And Mike you called it. Yeah, yeah. I had a bunch of 'em. I think I've done like 60, 65 or 66 majors and Tiger's played in most of them.


Wow. Wow. And he's just so a covered or covered a call I should say. And Mike, the, the energy around Tiger is different from any other athlete, even Jordan. Yeah. Now Jordan was, Michael was in a team sport, right? Yeah. And there was still this incredible energy and juice around Michael when he was there. Sure. But when Tiger was a hundred yards away, you could just feel it. You could just see the pack of people following him. Watching people try to go hole by hole, shot by shot to see Tiger was hysterical. People tripping over each other and trying to run ahead. It was, it was a phenomenon that lasted for a, for a full couple of decades. It, it was one of the most fascinating things we've ever seen.


My, you know, Sean, you have to, it is hard to appreciate if you're not a fan of, like you, you don't follow golf or whatever. But to un to understand, to appreciate his winning percentage on that sport compared to other people when he was at his prime. Yeah. It was like nothing anybody had ever seen it blew everything else. Right. I, I don't understand the eye brain body coordination to get it right so many times. Yeah. I mean he is just incredibly gifted. But what has been almost co totally forgotten is how rare it was for a black athlete to be doing this in what was traditionally a white world white sport. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was just, that's Yeah, it was, I mean, it's a great story. Mean it was Calvin, Pete for sure. There was Charlie Sifford, Lee Elder Charlie.


Yeah, exactly. Those, a couple of, but, But black golfers that were on the, on the stage in Hundreds of years, like one of the oldest sports ever games ever. There were just a handful that you could, that you could look, look to, but Become and dominate the way he did. And just dominate. Dominate. Exactly. It was like incredible. He was like Michael Jordan. And the thing about his dominance, That was so cool to me was when he got the lead, he always closed. He always, all, all, all but twice never crumbled he always closed the deal going into the final round and guys spit up the lead every other week. Right. Usually on tour. Right. If not more than that. And every week. So he had the impact that Jack Nicholas had, because if his name was on the leaderboard, people would watch.


I was just in an event with Tom Watson a couple of weeks ago, And, he said, you know, when you saw Nicholas's name on the board, you're like, uhoh, uhoh. And when you're thinking about somebody else, you're defeated. You. The Ratings defeated and the ratings too. If they make any of those, if those guys make the cut, I'm sure your weekend ratings just, it's a huge difference. Yeah. So a lot of people talk about Kaitlyn Clark Yeah. And what she's done with women's basketball. And the ratings are the likes of which we've never seen before. Right? Yeah. Yeah. She's had an impact on that sport like Michael did in bat in the NBA and Tiger did, just in terms of this, they blew the roof and the ceiling off of where the ratings were. Yeah. And that'll be the mark that's gonna be so hard to get for years to come, because it was just the first time people have seen it.


They wanted to be there and watch it. And there was something captivating about them, and they took it to a height that I don't think you'll see in those sports again. Yeah. But meanwhile, which I'm sure that they'd all be very proud of, they have exposed a, a ton of people that wouldn't otherwise have been exposed to the game. And once they're gone, those people are now already into the game and they're gonna watch the, the next athletes that come through. So they're, they're broadening the appeal of the, of the, of the sport. I mean, what Jordan did for basketball globally. Right. With him and David Stern working hand in hand. Yes. You know, is, is just, is astounding. Legacy doesn't happen when you try to make it happen. Right, right. Legacy happens when what you do naturally just brings people from all corners because there's something unique in captivating a about you.


And that's what, that's what happened with Jordan and that that's what happened with Tiger. And there you, you mentioned just tiger being black and in a sport that had been so dominated by white players and country clubs and membership and all that stuff. Yeah. Which I think Tiger's presence helped change o over Time Oh sure. To the point where we don't even think about that anymore. Like Right. Exactly. It's like a forgotten fact. Well, I don't think, I think it still exists. That was No, but I mean, it was, it was, it's, it's become, it's become, I dunno how to put this, but it was that it was such an anomaly Yes. Back then. Yeah. Yes. That's good. And now there are so many incredible people of, of color. There's such expansion to the sport now. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I thought Tiger was going to change the sport that way, and you'd see a lot more minorities playing and becoming the best players.


What he did instead, his, his athletic legacy in the sport beyond his records, he made golf. Cool. Yeah. And now guys who are 6 1, 6 2, 6 3 started playing golf. Right. And you look at the major cha you look at guys like Brooks Koepka, Tony Pheno, et cetera. You got like some big guys who are now playing Golf Stack. Yeah. Who would not have played the sport back before Tiger. It wasn't cool to be one of these big athletes who could be a tight end or a shooting forward in basketball. And that I think is Tiger's long-term impact on the sport itself. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great point. That's a great point. Well, it Definitely attracted a big guy like me, you know. Yeah. Look, otherwise Will would've never gone there. Well, My nickname is Big Boy.


Yeah, go ahead. Sean. This is a, this is a standard Sean question from Mike Rico. Good. What, what's like, you know, the worst or most memorable or most embarrassing moment happened to you live that you called or you said something that you like, not regret, but like that, or, or that just was cracked everybody up and you were like, why didn't I just say that? Sean, you got some wood there. I'm gonna knock on it, man. I, I, I have gone, I have gotten through 36 years of doing this without really having a major all time. YouTube. I'll find screw up, I'll find one. I'll Come the Yourself All teed up and I'm gonna blame Sean. It's all on Sean.


If it happened. There was one, there was one time I was doing a TV show, a sportscast in, sir, because I have a nut allergy. And I was about to get, I was about to get sick. And I got away from the camera before that happened. So nothing Happened. Really. It was of a camera. You just Blew it out. You blew it out. Got It. If, if you want the detail. Sean. Thank you. Now, are you as excited for the Olympics? As as I am? I'll bet you are much more. 'cause you know much more about it than I do. But just the little that I've read about it, it, it sounds like Paris is gonna do something with this that we've never seen before. Like I think the whole, what the opening ceremony takes place on the sun on the river. Yep. The, the events are taking place at all of the incredible monuments there like volleyballs underneath the Eiffel Tower and Right.


Like, and that's cool. And surfing is in Tahiti, you know, 'cause it's a French, you know, along the French Polynesia man. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. They're gonna do the surfing in in in Tahiti. In Tahiti. Yes. Because it's a French No, I, I get that, but I understand that. I I have a full, but did, I'm surprised. Why wouldn't they just do it like down in beer? Its, Well, because it's not a sexy who's never heard of it, man. That's right. That's exactly right. You know, This is why you're not running things will, So No, but I might go to Paris. Go ahead. We, we beg. Oh man. You, you, should we be, we begged our bosses. Can we just host the whole Olympics from Tahiti? We something going on there. Right. Which is, you know, who cares what the background is.


Right. But I mean, it, it's gotta be, you, you guys are just probably trying to figure out what, what, how do we cover all the things we want to cover, right? Yeah. It, it's gonna be, look, Paris is one of two things. Either you've been there and you can't wait to go back or you've never been there and you want to go, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And the Olympics needs this in the biggest way. Yeah. If you think back, the last three Olympics have been in Asia. We had the 2018 winter games in Pyeongchang, South Korea. Yeah. Then Covid denied Tokyo 2020. So That was held in 2021 CO no fans. Yeah. And then Beijing held the winter games in the winter of 2022. February again, no fans. Yeah.


So we've had two Olympic games with no fans. What Do you mean? What do you mean? No fans? What? Like, so Covid. Oh. 'cause people didn't I see, got it. Got it. Because of Covid. There were no fans. And like you guys were mentioning this, somebody mentioned it before. Like you work your whole life to make the Olympics. Yeah. It, it's four years of training for a minute. Two minutes. Yeah. You know, whatever it ends up being for some of the athletes, you want your family there. And none of the families could go right to Tokyo or to Beijing to the last summer and winter games. So that is one of the things that I am more excited about. The nature. So is This Yeah. Is this the first time it's gonna be back in full force with just everything and to tell, you know, the way it's televised and the fans and everything. Correct. This will be, this will be the first time that fans are in the stands at the Olympics since February of 2018.


So six years in about five months or six months. Wow. That's, I liked way you put that, Mike. I think you're right. The Olympics need this. Yes. They need Paris to work. They need it to, to be good. They need to be successful. It will be, I think it will be, It probably will. But where, where are the next winter Olympics? Well, the next Winter Olympics are Milan and Cortina Italy. Right. 2026. And Then LA is in the Summer. And that's why to to what Will was just saying, that's why I think this is a big games for the Olympic movement. And it's in a great place in Paris because as you mentioned, the backgrounds, you know, Paris is just such an aspirational city. But LA 2028, we haven't had a summer Olympics here since Atlanta back in the late nineties.


And we haven't had the Olympics in the US since Salt Lake in 2002. So if you're 30, right. So 26 years between Olympics in the us if you're 30, you don't ever remember the Olympics being contested in America. Right. So now's 30 your People. Well, and you're speaking my language. Yeah. I don't remember that. Kidding. You look terrible though. Sean for 25, Sean told me once he went to Paris, he went to Lummi Louie, you know, for dinner. And he had an Olympic movement after that. He said, oh yeah. Because he had the steak and the chicken. So yeah, All the came out, all the rains. It was the duck. It was the duck. The duck. It was the go. It was the fries. They do, they cook in goose fat. Which by the way, let me Louis. Nobody does it better. It's a very American, but it's still great.


It's still great. Well, alright. You convinced me Mike, I'm gonna come to Paris this summer. Let's go. Don't gimme your number Mike. Don't gimme your number lifts for your tickets. No, I'm gonna come. Let's go And I and I'll share duties with you at the desk. Here we go. You Can, you wanna host? go ahead. Do you, do you Well, you know, you know, you know who's with me? Who's that? Snoop. No. Way No Way. Really? No. Really? Oh, oh no, no. Snoop is, it's not just like Snoop's gonna show up for one sec. Snoop is part of our coverage and come on. He is, he is all in on this man. I love Snoop. Wow. Yeah, he is such a great dude. Where he just performed. Come from perform Jimmy at Jimmy Buffett's memorial. You know that concert We did. He was Bel. He's such an unbelievably great guy. But where did That come from, Mike?


Was that your idea? No, no. I wish it was so, so we'll go, go back a few years ago to the, to the last summer games. Yeah. And we're trying to, you know, we have Peacock as part of the NBC family. It's our streaming service. So we're trying to figure out what shows can we do Olympic related on Peacock. So Kevin Hart and Snoop did Olympic highlights their version of Olympic highlights. They did like a couple of nights during the games. And Snoop's, it's a great YouTube clip of Snoop and the equestrian. And it is like, it's, it's like a Crip walk. Right, right. So, you know, that's where the relationship started. Then the conversations continued and he's gonna be part of it. So, so here's the deal. Like the, the Olympics are gonna happen live.


We used to hold events and just say, Hey, we'll show it to you at night. Right? Yep. That doesn't happen anymore. Everybody's got a phone. They can find out what happens. So everything's gonna be live during the day. It's a six hour time difference. Yes. Thank God. Thank God. It's gonna Great. That's So at night, at night you're gonna be showing everything that happens. So we're gonna try to do a little bit of the storytelling, a little bit of the behind the scenes. Give you a little bit of flavor of Paris. And who better to snoop around Paris than Snoop. Than Snoop. Ah, very, very Good. We're in, Let's go. Very, very good. That's Really cool. Is the family gonna go with you? My family's gonna come. They've been denied the last two Olympics, which is kind of a bummer. It's the fourth time that I'm the primetime host and they haven't been able to come to any of 'em. So they're, they're gonna come over for a week or so and get to fine.


No, I, I won't see them, but they'll have a great time and they'll, they'll have a great time. 'cause they won't see me actually. Yeah. Are your, are your kids loving what you do? Like are they interested or like, or what's the, you know, what's, what's the fa what's your favorite thing to do as a family? It's a great question. Be together at our, at our lake house in Michigan now because, 'cause we're away so much with my travel. We have, we have kids who've graduated college, just finished wrapping up their college careers. So That's Nice. You're not old enough for college grads. Yeah. We're we're old people now. No, you're not. So just, just to know when, and a lot of people who are listening who have older kids, like when your kids become your friends too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's so cool. So, so that, that is like, I can't wait to do that And I.


I'm excited that they're gonna get a chance to do some of this. They come to some of the football games from time to time and, you know, you get a chance to be around it. And they, they, they love sports. They both played sports in, in high school and we're big sports fans. We're in a sports house. It's always the topic of conversation. A game's always on. So that's, they're all in on it and they love it. How did you get to, to Michigan? It's where my wife is from. Okay, gotcha. Okay. Yeah, she, she was an Allstate softball and basketball player in Michigan. Wow. And we moved back near her family back in the, in the late nineties and been here for a long time. It's funny 'cause she asked me a few years ago, like, do you consider yourself a northeasterner being born in the Northeastern school? I'm like, nah, I'm a Midwest guy.


I, I love, love living especially doing what I do. Yeah. Like, I love not living on either coast, you know? Yeah. It's good to be part of the flyover world. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And just represent us every once in a while, you know? Yeah. Yeah. I get that. I get that. That makes sense. I bet it's a nice, I bet it's a nice way of living. It is. Now in, when you do the Olympics, you end up doing a lot of interviews too, as well as calling, calling events. Do you have a, do you have a preference or, or do you like them both equally? So in the Olympics, I don't call events. I'm hosting, so I just do the daytime and then the primetime hosting And I love. I love when athletes win medals and they come to sit on the couch with their medals on. Right. Yeah. Because you just get, like, that's the moment they dream of. Right. And not necessarily sitting with me, but just being there and being interviewed.


You've got the little fireplace going. Yeah. The winter fireplace, the summer this year it would be the Eiffel Tower in the background and they just got this heavy metal around their neck and they're just, they're just sitting there. And I. I've loved that. Every time I see an Olympic athlete and get a chance to talk to them or interview them, I always end it with like, Hey, I hope, hope I get to interview you with a medal around your neck. Right. No matter what color medal it is. And it's just, so that's like one of the terms that translates everywhere. You can be in a village in Africa, you can be in Australia, you can be anywhere. Olympian translates. Yeah. And the, the coolest part of that opening ceremony, which you mentioned before, is gonna go down the river, send with Boat Parade to the athletes.


It's gonna be very different. Hopefully it'll be so cool. Spectacular. Like for most of It's gonna be incense Will come on you guys. This isen it's, It's gonna be incent. That's our little teaser bite right now. It's gonna, For most of the athletes, that's their Olympic moment, right. Because they don't get on the podium and sing their anthem only about 350 or a little bit less than that win gold medals. So their moment is being in the opening ceremony with all the best athletes in the world who made it there. Right. I just, I, I get a little melancholy and a little sappy about it, but it's so dang cool. If You, if you could, if you could have anybody on that couch, it doesn't need to be an Olympic couch, but, but talking to any athlete alive or dead that you haven't interviewed, do you ever think about one that you'd love to sit across from and and ask some questions to that I haven't interviewed?


Yeah, that's Really, or maybe, or maybe one you'd like to interview again that you forgot to ask certain questions to. No, That, that's a really good question. I, I, I'd like to talk to Babe Ruth. Yeah, yeah. I'd like to talk to Babe Ruth. Me too. Because like, you know, here a hundred years ago you had no idea. People still be talking about you. It'd be a candy bar named after You Well, that no one else would be a pitcher and a hitter. Right. Until Shhe Tani Oi, right. Yeah, exactly. That's right. What do you think of O Babe and that that, you know, with AI would probably, that He gets a hell of a kid. Hey Mike, I'm here for, Ask Me another one. I've had 12 bottles of beer.


And I ready to play, put Me in. Did T Cobb actually spike you babe when he slid into Yes, he did. Well, I ate two, I ate two steaks and took a nap and let go. I ate 16 bottles of beer. Let's hit a ball. But think about it, it's a hundred years later. You say, babe Ruth, everybody knows, right? Yeah. Yeah. And, and that's, that's, that's the era before any of sports in its popularity level existed. So Yeah. Talk about a community game at that. At in those days it really was, it was, it was a team for your, your little area around there. Can I ask you guys a France question? Yes. Has anybody been to Normandy? No, I have not. I would like to. I have not. And Will, I would love to. He's a real student of history.


I am Massive. I would say, you know, if, and we've gone a couple of times, I would say if, if you had to ask, ask me what's the place you've been as an American that has impacted you, it's going to Normandy. And here we are, you know, 80 years of D-Day that, that anniversary in June. And man, when you sit there and see and read and hear the stories, and when you sit there and look at that cemetery with the white churches in the hill, it, it's one of the most powerful things that I've ever done. And every time I think of France and we went to do a little pre-Olympic story a few months ago, we went down to Normandy, just to go back.


It was the third time I had a chance to be there. And it is the most powerful thing. Anybody who's listening, if you ever are blessed enough to be in France, you have the chance to go as an American. You need to go just The geography that that bluff Yeah. What they were up against. Just, just the, the, you know, just the physicality. Well, they all had all those, some of those beaches were, and some of those stories that were never, that haven't been told widely too. Yes. There are some of, of those stories that haven't been, but it's an incredible, I I agree with you. I've ne I've never been to Normandy. I can't believe it. It's strange. Yeah. I love to go because I do, I have read so Much about it. Work that end into your trip on your way to go see Mike in the Paris. Don't we come To see us? I'm coming to see Mike. Well, I, I I gotta go to Portugal, so I'm gonna, might go Paris. Okay. That's why I see if you can work it in. Thank you for an hour of your professional time.


This is your personal time. Very, very Nice to do this. Nice to meet you. Yes, sir. Hall, hall of famer. Mike Tarico. Yes, sir. This was an honor, guys. Thank you. Keep keep making us laugh. Will you please. Thanks guys. Cheers. Well, you Keep delivering these stories. All right. Thank you buddy. We'll, we'll see you on the TV soon. For sure. Thanks guys. Bye pal. Thank you. See you, Mike. Bye. Well, I mean that guy I, you know, Nice. He's a good, he's a good conversationalist. Well, he's a professional on-Air fellow. He's Yeah, He's on air on, on Television. I tell you what it, you know, people say, what kind of superhero power would you like? Well, I'd like to fly. What kind of job would you like? If I could pick one job, I think I'd take his job. You love that. Well, it's just touches.


I thought you said that about late night tv. Well, But I don't get to go. I thought you said that about doing a multicam. I guess I want a bunch of jobs, but this one, this, Why do you just enjoy what you got? You're right. That's a good note. Sorry. No, sorry. Tell me about it. I like why You get to go to like every single great event. Yeah, yeah. In the best seat possible. And then you get to talk to the people who won right afterwards. Yeah. Yeah. That is pretty Cool. It's pretty cool. It's pretty, I like my job in that. I get to sit and listen to have him describe it to me. Right. Feels like, So Yeah. My job is watching such a Luxury. Yeah. Yeah. You that's true. You know, that's true. Get him to like, walk me through it. And There is something like cozy about you, what you're saying, Jason, I think or Will, I can't remember.


And he does. And he does. You know, for, for any of you out there that are, that are still listening to this episode that are not sports fans, which I hope there are still many. Hopefully you agree that like this, this guy, the reason you kinda like him is because you might watch in sporting event that you don't really like or know how the sports' played, but he's kind of explaining it to you and he kind of, he's he's got, it's, it's a familiar, cozy kind of voice and presence that I guess is, that's kind what I was Where I was going. I was going with that. Yeah, that's What I was going, that's what you were about to say. But I said it longer and more boringly And interrupted him. But, you know, does he, he covers all the sports, right? Like he covers here It comes, Comes, yeah. Oh no, he's the, he's the NFL.


What He does. You can always sniff it out because whoever's gonna do it tease the himself up. Yeah, no, they just, I was say away and they go, oh yeah, but you said Go ahead. Well, he calls all the sports right, you know, during the year. But like, he's gonna be the host of the Olympics, but he's not gonna be doing any play. Bye. Play. Very Good. Lend that steel bird I wrote down Play by Play Smart. Yes.


Smart Less SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Rob arm, JF Bennett Barco and Michael Granter. Smart Less. If you like SmartLess, you can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Hey, it's Guy Raz here, the host of How I Built This. A podcast that gives you a front row seat to how some of the biggest products were built and the innovators, entrepreneurs, and idealist behind them. Every week I speak to someone new stories like Justin Wilton's, a lawyer who just wanted a healthy alternative to ice cream. So he created Halo Top in his Cuisinart or Todd Graves who grew his fried chicken restaurant raising cane's into one of the most successful fast food chains in the us. All of these great conversations can help you learn how to think big, take risks, and navigate crises in life and work from people who've done all of that. And more follow how I built this on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts, you can listen to how I built this early and ad free right now on Wondery Plus.