
This message is brought to you by Apple Card. Apple Card is everything a credit card should be. It's easy to manage. Built to be secure, and gives users up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. The best part about Apple Card is that applying is quick and easy. Apply in the Wallet app on iPhone and see your credit limit offer in minutes. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card by Goldman Sachs, bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member, FDIC. Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Smartlist is brought to you by Audi. It's not every day you get excited by a new car, but the all new Audi Q six e-Tron is more than a new ev. It's a new way to experience driving. Embrace the thrill of the drive with effortless power, serious acceleration, and the most advanced tech of any Audi ever. With an all new panoramic digital stage and legendary Audi performance, it's impossible not to love the all new Audi Q six e-tron. I should know I drive one. Learn more at audi USA dot com.


Autotrader has the largest selection of new cars, Used cars, electric cars, even flying cars, okay, Not flying cars, but as soon as those get invented, they'll be on Autotrader Snap. But they do have extensive search features. And Kelley Blue Book, my Wallet, a tool that helps you know exactly how much you'll pay each month for your car. So whether you want something practical with no surprise costs or the latest trends, if you see a car you like, find it on Autotrader.


Hey guys. Hey guys. Well, everybody knows what mine is. You What is Favorite, favorite candy. Didn't you just say favorite candies? No. Oh No. You, you're that Sean. I'm hearing, my God, Sean, he's hearing Are you thinking all the time? Favorite candies? I Thought you just said name your favorite Kies. No, nobody said favorite candies. Oh Boy. Welcome to SmartLess. Smart, Smart, smart. Bless. So listener. Sean is in England.


London. England. And what's Sean? What you're doing there. This is the Edgar Wright. This is just a little cameo in, in the the Running Man movie directed by Edgar. You went to England to do some, to record some cameos. Okay. Yeah. How much you got? How much you got? Okay. Hey, it's Sean Hayes. Happy birthday Gary. Congratulations. Sean, you've negotiated. I fly to London. Yeah. Sean, you've negotiated very nice accommodations for yourself there. Yes. It's wonderful. Thanks. Good. Paramount pictures. Yeah. Oh, Lovely. So that's a, the, at least a one bedroom suite you've got there for your cameo. Well, we get two bedrooms 'cause there's snoring happening with Scott.


Oh, so you've come out of pocket is what, is what you're saying? You guys spend everything you're making just to keep Scotty outta your bed. You know, also the, I know we talked about this before, but like the jet lag thing I is Unbelievable. What time is it right now for you? It's five 30 and I, like 20 minutes ago, I, my head was bobbing. I'm like, well, Yeah, 'cause it's nine 30 in the morning here in Los Angeles. So you just have spent all night awake. Night up, basically. Right. Let's just say this. It's safe to say, and I mean this with a tremendous amount of love, uhoh, Uhoh, You operate your daily, your normal life is, if you have jet lag, It's totally terrible. Yeah. It's terrible. You should be sent away to a sleep.


You, I I mean it because Yeah, No, I did it. I did a sleep study and all that. I have apnea and all that. You No, something needs to happen because you're a candidate for dropping dead. What do you mean? Wait, say That? Are you saying because he's he's tired all the time. Well, he just has no, his his. Well, I'm just, I sleep three, four hours and I'm up. Then I sleep around three or hours and I'm Up. Yeah. His sleep hygiene is, yeah, it's, it's really bad. And I mean this, I don't, I, I know that I'm sort of joking around, but it, but it is true that it's, it's a, you know, it's, no, I Know it's serious. I know. But, but I tried. Listen, I, I did the thing. I went to the, you know, got the sleep study. I, you know, and then they say you have apnea, it's really bad. And the, so they sell you that machine. So I bought the machine and you know, I just, I tried it for a month.


I just, there's, So I could talk for an hour about all the issues I have. One thing I didn't tell you, Jason, I think I told Wait. So are, are you still using the hoses? No, I'm done. I can't do it. Right. I can't do it. So now you're just risking, you're risking suffocating to death every night. Yeah. You're health. Yeah. I've sleep better without the machine. No, you don't. I do. I'm telling you. Alright. I can't, I can't disagree. But there is something funny that happens with that machine. You know, you, you know what it is, right? You hook it up to your note, your nostrils, it goes through your nostrils and it covers your mouth and blah, blah, blah. And so I'm all set up and Scott and Scotty comes in. This is like a few weeks ago to say goodnight to me. And I have it on. So you can't really talk because all the air is blowing inside of, you know, inside of your mouth.


Yeah. You Goes like in the, like in the er. Yeah, just like in the er. And he goes, all right babe, I love you. Goodnight. And I go, I love True. Because he, you can't take it outta your mouth, Is it? But you're now Scotty's real. I mean, you're already his dream guy, but now you're his real, because now you've got a whole sci-fi look to you That just, You're scratching every itch of this Prometheus. I look like Prometheus the guy in pro. Yeah. God, I do. So, so now, does that, does that get him excited? Are you guys, are, are you having an increased physical life or decreased one? God, just the Opposite.


Yeah. No. What are we, we're into sort of just like a seasonal touch up. Yeah. What do you mean? It's like once in the spring, once in the winter. Once in the fall. Yeah. You wanna know the rates of their, their sex life Life? I do, I do. Let's do that. I's sure that our guest will wait. Let's do that. I like hearing we, we get updates from Amanda when you guys do it. Yeah. Right? Huh? Oh, yeah, yeah. Right. Unsolicited. And then Jason. I'm like, Hey, I, Amanda, I honestly, you, you gotta know that. I don't want to know this. Yeah. Don't wanna know about anybody, by the way. Yeah. Oh, she loves to share. I know. That's sweet. God bless her. It is sweet. Will. Thanks for combing Your hair started a little bit rough.


It's just sweaty. It just worked out. Don't, you don't need to scream. Okay. We're all exercising. All right. What are you doing for workouts over there in New York? Are you, are you outside or are you inside? No, no, no. I'm, I'm inside. I'm mixing it up. I've, I've got a few different things that I'm doing. And Downey put me in touch with these guys who opened a new facility that I'm gonna go look at next week, that apparently they do all sorts of cool stuff. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I'm in touch with a guy and I just haven't Like what kind of new, what kind of new stuff? Like stuff we don't know about? Yeah, just like new stuff that, Like how to kill a guy with a ballpoint pen. Well, that I, yeah, it's just more like street fighting, you Know?


But you get hot looking while you're doing it. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Who are you guys? Are you guys ready? Yeah. Excited. I mean, I guess I'm excited. So excited. Do you have a whole intro? Well, the, our next guest grew up in England. Okay. Oh, okay. How that, but you know what? She's a real whipper snapper. She's, this is this 20-year-old has already done a lot. What? She's, yeah. What she's received multiple nominations for Emmy's and Sag. She's produced and starred in her own franchise. She's written a New York Times bestseller now being adapted for the screen by an Oscar nominee. What? She's got her own global beauty product line. She's a star of one of the most successful shows in the world. And still at just 20 years old. She's the proud mother of 10 children.


Whatcha Talking about? They All have four legs. This his weird, it's all One of his is one of his weird intros. Go ahead. Who is it? Yeah, They've all got four legs, but she doesn't love them any less. Oh my God, Ben. Oh my God. Guys, please welcome Miss Millie, Bobby Brown. No, No Way. You guys, No way. Oh my God, you such A big fan, guys. It's very hard to stay quiet while you are, you are taking the piss out of each other. It's really hard. Now, Millie in this, it's Millie. It's not Millie Bobby. It's so exciting, right? It's Millie. Yeah, Millie. And, and we're not do, are we doing the Bongiovi as well? You did take his name? Yes. I, I am like legally, but like, stage name saying the same.


So you're, how are you, how are you introducing yourself? My name is when We sue you. Yeah. We want to get it right, the full, It'll be Millie Bobby Bon Jovi if you sue me For sure. I think, what Do you mean? If now, will everybody, will you are, you are fairly close to her father-in-law, is that correct? I, I wanna say fairly close. I've known him for a number of years. Yeah. He's a great dude. The Best A great dude. A past guest of the, of the show here. Past Guest of the show. Great guy. Yeah. Yeah. We've had John on here. He is a great musician, talented guy, great guy. We, we What kind of father-in-law? Is he Fantastic? Is he like, yeah, like it's been so great because I grew up obviously in the public eye and he started, you know, so young.


Like, so it was, it's really nice. 'cause he, you know, obviously us being, he's a man and I'm a woman. So we, we, we, we deal with our separate things, but to be able to come together sometimes and when I need him, he is very much there for me in like the best ways. Like always like making sure I'm okay. There's anything that's ever going on. I'm always like, can you help me out in this situation? Right. And He's just right talking about the weirdness of the business. Yeah. So informative. Like, yeah. I mean, just, yeah. It's like his wisdom not a lot. He Hasn't Been through is ridiculous. Yeah, yeah. And just like, but also like, such a great person. So for me it's like, yeah, we talk about the whole fame thing, but it doesn't really come up in conversation.


It's more about like the kind of person he and his, like his wife. My mother-in-law is like, they are just, they're just really good people. And like Yeah, you Tell when you Talk to them and they're good people. And So I just strive to be like them. Yeah. I love that They're, they're like, they're like really, really admirably normal people. Y well, yeah. Like, which is, it's amazing, you know? Yeah. But also they did everything together, like Yeah. Which is so beautiful. Like everything they, they, they start their high school sweethearts. So to be able to go through that all together as a team, they make such a wonderful team. Such great parents. Yeah. Obviously Dorothy Kids. That's his, that's his wife.


Yeah. She's amazing. She's really cool. She really is. So I've been really lucky. Like never, you know, I have, my parents are dad. They're English dad. Your dad's amazing. Please tell him hello. I love That. Oh, I, you know, he loves you so much. Wait, how do, How know her dad, Jason, you guys don't worry about it. Okay. Wait, wait, wait. Millie, how do you, how does your dad know? Jason? Just Going to the I'm asking her. Not you. She's guy. We were at an award show party. My dad like, oh, of course. That's where you'll find him. That's where you'll find my father, apparently. No, Jason. Oh, Jason. Oh no, Jason. You were, I think you were I've got a catering company. Nevermind.


No, I think there was, they just de deliver nuts. I think you, I wanna say you were nominated, Something like that. We were, that doesn't, that doesn't, that doesn't sound right. And I was too, I think, so we were together at this posse, and my dad never does this. He came up to me, he's like, do you think that you could go up to Jason Bateman for me? 'cause I love him. And I was like, I was like 14. I was like, sure. So I go up and walk over and I'm like, hi. Like, this is my dad. And anyway, my dad is like the sweetest person, but he is, and he's so personable, so funny. He's so English.


He is, is awesome. Like, you have no idea. Like he would be, the banter is endless with him. And so he kind of just makes friends with really anyone. Yeah. Salt of the Earth. He's the coolest. I love that. I mean, he's really great. Like, he got a coconut cake from Tom Cruise this year. Like, do you know what I mean? Like, he's just that kind of guy, like makes friends with everyone, loves everyone. And you have to, you just happen to be one of his favorite people. And Yeah. That's kind of like, that's up Until he met him Up. Yeah, Of course. And then you said, wow, never meet your idol. So since you started so young, he must have been on set with you a bunch. And then once you passed 18, now you no longer get to share full days with him.


Like, because I remember that transition in my life with my parents. It's like, you, you, you miss them a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's really interesting because when I turned 18, it was this really weird, like, well, what do we, what do we do now? And do, do you still wanna come? Like, right. Because it's also like, you Know, I can drive now, dad. Yeah. This is weird. And also just like, I know it's boring. Like I know what you're doing is like, it sat there boring. But he now is just my manager. And like, we do everything together. We, we signed deals together, figure out my next projects together. I talk to him liter, maybe like six hours a day, like on the phone.


Like, if he's not, wow. If he's not with me, we are, we are talking to each other on the phone. That, that's so great. And we're just basically like, yeah, we, he kind of helps me run my production company and we, yeah, we just are developing, developing new stories every day. But it's, it's very, it's, he's just like a very, he's a very creative man. Really creative. Yeah. Is He mainly out here in the uk or is he So he usually follows me everywhere. 'cause he's, we hate, we have separation anxiety. Me and my parents, like, it's really bad, but like, we have really bad separation anxiety and he is the, for it. He doesn't like to admit it, but he, he really is. So anytime I am not in England, like they'll, they'll basically follow me around.


This is the longest time. And he'll get out his calendar, like in his office and he'll be like, not with Millie. Not with Millie. And he's like, okay, I'm not with you for three weeks. Like, what are we gonna Do? Oh, we gonna be like that. That's gonna be good for me when my girls leave. What do you mean? Yeah, so, Well when they go to college, you know, 'cause I like my daughters do. You don't look so Confused. Sorry. No, I'm really, this is, this is, this is news to all of us. Sorry, Billy. Yeah. Yeah. Their names are, There we go. Hey, Millie, how old were you? We know jb I know JB is like, he's been, you've been worrying about them going to college since they were eight. I know. Which Is true. You're the first guy whose kids have gone away.


Shut off. Bateman. Hey Millie, can I ask you a question? He has been, he's been like teary-eyed for 10 years. I know. It's very true. Mi Millie, how old were you? What was your first foray into performing? Like, whose idea was it? Was your mom and dad going like, all right, we've got a real hot ticket on her hands here. We need to put her into something. Or were you like, I gotta go do something? Like who what was that process? No, my parents are like, you know, my dad worked on a, a fruit and veg stand. Like he worked at a market, a fruit and vegetable market. So my dad did that the majority of his life. Wow. And it's, and that goes back, like actually we have pictures of our family in like the 18 hundreds, like doing that same thing. Wow.


No Kidding. Yeah. So it's like Florence. What Part of, what part of the UK was that in, In Dset. So in the countryside of England. Okay, nice. And so that's what my dad, like, that's what my dad did. My mom, you know, she had four kids. She had her last daughter when she was 41. So she's been like, you know, the best, most present mom ever. Yeah. And been very lucky to have that time. Now where, where are you in that, in that order? I'm third. Third. Okay. Wow. So my older sister's 30. My my older brother is 27, and then my younger sister is 13. Wow. Wow. Amazing. It's kind of ama Yeah. They had gaps. It was really weird.


Yeah. And yeah, so basically I I I JB you have a gap, right? Like 88 to 92. Is that a big gap for you? Oh, this one. This one Between my teeth, I can whistle with it. 80. I remember you saying 88 to 92 is a big gap for you. Yeah. So, so you're, so there you are, you're in the uk. Your dad's selling, working, selling fruit and veg. Amazing. Yeah. And I've always been, I always loved dancing and singing. Like it was ne like acting. I didn't really even know it was a job. Like, I, I didn't know it existed. And then we moved to Orlando, Florida from England kind of randomly. Really? And for not, Not, I don't, not for you not for p Perform. No, just because, because my family, I, I would like to say, and even now we're still very like, we're like, we're nomads.


Like we kind of just, we, if we, we never take a plane, we always drive. Right. We like, we're always just like that kind of family. If we don't, if we wanna go somewhere, we'll just get in the car and go. Like, we've always been like that. Never kind of, we don't need a lot to plan. Her dad was in search of A better orange and very, very, took him Right. Really nice to Orlando for, was a really nice connection. Do you think? And then you thought That was a really great, I just, that took so much longer for me in my head. I'm so sad. Incredibly sad. Oh, I'm sad too, but for different reasons. Hey, so, so Orlando, you guys were like, Hey, what's the most beautiful idyllic city in the world? We went, no, no, no, no. We went to, we went there a lot as like grow. Like growing up, I went there a lot.


Oh, of course. Yeah. On vacation. Yeah. Yeah. And then my dad was like, I love, it's, I just love it here. I love the weather, I love the vibe. I love the people. Yeah. So we were like, okay. So we moved there for about maybe six, eight months. And then how Old were you when, how old were you when you moved? I was eight. Wow. Wow. And my little sister was probably like, oh my gosh. Maybe like, I wanna say like nine, nine weeks old. Like, it was like, she was like, it was kind of a crazy decision. But we moved and then I went to school in, or in Orlando again. Not performing at this, at this point. Yeah. And then on like, we heard this thing on the radio, me and my dad. And it was like, come to this, this workshop where you can dance, sing and act and da da da.


My dad was like, that's gonna, that's cool. Like, you should go. 'cause I was driving him insane on the weekends, Basically. Just Keep me busy. I didn't have any friends or anything Singing and dancing. Yeah. And then he took me, and then I started going for a bit, and then I came back home and I was like, you need to take me. I actually said, which I don't remember saying this, but my parents were like, you said it. I said, when parents Lie, But if you take me to Hollywood, I'll make it. And my dad was like, what do you mean? And I was like, I I, I wanna be, I wanna go to Hollywood. And that's so cool. I remember having like dream, like I wanted to so badly to be in LA and, and to, and to, to be an actor.


And so the next week we packed up the car and we drove from Orlando to la We didn't have a house, we didn't have anything planned. We stayed in a motel on the side of the highway. What? And I just went to auditions and agents the whole, the whole time. And Were your siblings like, I don't want to go to Hollywood. I want to stay. We had an, well, you know what's crazy is no, my brother, my brother didn't like school in America. He had a hard time adjusting because he was like 16. So it was a little harder for him. Yeah. I found it even difficult, like making friends there. Just being able to kind of like, have common, you know, ground. Especially when you're 16.


Like all these people know each other. They all go to the same kindergarten, the same, you know what I mean? Right. History and they all know each other. And this is a small town in, in Florida. So for my brother, it was, I know it was hard for him to adjust and then, but what, What did, what did my, what was, what was, what was the plan for mom and dad to do in Hollywood while there and, and, and the other kids, you guys just loaded up the van and went across the country and we'll just figure it out when we get there. Yeah, pretty much. It was like, we'll figure it Out. Great family. I mean, incredible To figure it out. And like, everything was like, if we're together, we're okay. Like, we're always gonna be okay. Right. No matter what. And So, and then you crushed it. And did your parents, did your parents have jobs lined up along the way or So?


No, like my dad. My dad, my dad, actually he, 'cause I was born in Spain, which Is Marbella Marbella and that, So I, my dad was a really successful real estate agent there. That's what he got into. Oh, wow. So, so he, he was always like my dad again, like, he's like kind of a jack of all trades. Like always been like kind of, of kn knowing of everything and, and every Yeah. Like it's always been like his very, he's very talented in that. So when we moved that, it was v literally it was like, we have to kind of, now we have to figure this out. So I went on auditions and you got, you Got an agent, you got an agent right away that got, You got an agent. Yeah. I actually, weirdly, I like, maybe like the first two weeks I was going to agents and like went to a bunch of different people and, and I went to Mel's Drive-in for lunch.


Yeah. Wow. And James Woods was there. Yeah. Okay. And he was like, and I, I grew up watching, like, I didn't watch animation. Like I watched Casino, I watched Milin Rouge, I watched like, these were like, I never, ever believed. Like I never, I was never one of those kids. Like Right, right. I, I loved Disney Channel. You knew who he Was, But I did know who he was. Yeah. He wrote on like the thing, like, you know, I knew you before you were famous. And it was like the two weeks that I got to LA and I kind of, I I got an agent and did the whole thing. Then I then I basically just auditioned after. And I, and I was going up for jobs. Like, you know, I went for commercials, but I also went for the BFG.


I went, you know, I I, I did Steve Jobs, like I the jobs movie, like, I really went up for everything. Yeah. And got really close. I mean, yeah. Like I, I, I kind of was I with no, with no training? No. No. I've never, never been trained. Like even when I was going in Orlando, it was never training. Like, it was always like, do you know what I mean? It was like, they taught me how to sing. They taught me how to model. Yeah. Which was terrible. Like, I am not a model. And then they taught me how to dance and I loved it, but of course it was like me, like just shaking ass, like, had no idea what I was doing. Right, right. And then, but the acting thing I really got, I could, you know, the monologue stuck in my head and I would think about it for a while and like, I, that stuck for me.


Right. We'll be right back.


Are you looking to take control of your health? One way to do that is to check Good Rx. And finally stop overpaying for your prescription medications. With GoodRx, you can find big savings on your prescriptions for everything from cold and flu medications to remedies for your allergies, and so much more. Good RX is free and easy to use. Just search for any prescription on their website or app. Get your coupon and show it to the pharmacist. Check GoodRx to save up to 80% at pharmacies near you, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS, Publix, Albertsons, Kroger, and so much more. Remember, GoodRx works whether you have insurance or not. And even if you have insurance, good RX could beat your copay price For simple smart savings on your everyday prescriptions, check GoodRx. Go to goodrx.com/ SmartLess. That's goodrx.com/ SmartLess.


Do you need a haircut right now? Super Cuts. Thinks you just might. A haircut is the kind of thing that sneaks up on you, sort of like your creepy uncle. Before you know it, you're three weeks late and probably the last person to realize it. Well says Super cuts. It's time to stop needing a haircut right now. Heidi, stop needing a haircut right now. However you like. If it's a reasonable hour, you can just walk into any super cuts, no appointment needed. Or you can check in ahead@supercuts.com at a time that works for you. Or you can do both. Check in ahead and then walk right in and see if that interrupts the space time continuum. It probably won't, but if it does, at least you'll look pretty fresh for posterity and eternity. With more than 23 million haircuts a year in nearly 40,005 star Google reviews a month, Supercuts is doing something right. Get $2 off when you join their email list@supercuts.com and then get your butts back to Supercuts right now.


While Hilton is always expected to have top-notch service, you'd be surprised at the unexpected places they're offering it. Now they've partnered with Auto Camp, which offers insanely cool Airstreams in iconic outdoor destinations. Hilton also has an exclusive partnership with small luxury hotels of the world, providing Hilton Honors members access to over 300 luxury boutique hotels across the globe. And they've added romantic and refined nomad hotels and graduate hotels in your favorite college towns to their portfolio. Explore all the new ways to stay with those Hilton honors points you've been saving at Hilton dot com Hilton for the stay.


And now back to the show. Well, what's so amazing to me is, first of all, nerd Alert, like the rest of the world. I'm such a huge Stranger Things fan. And when I watched the first season, I mean, I was just blown away, not only by the show, but of course by you. And, and I had that thought. It was like, how does this little girl know how to be so such a brilliant actor? And without even speaking that much, right? I mean, that first season there Wasn't, that's, that's why I said no training because it's like, how are you a so comfortable in front of the camera B? How did you learn how to do that at such a young age when it takes years and years for other people to do it?


Yeah. She's so young and so much better than you already. Like that must have been for you, jarring like, what Hell going on? It was very jarring. So I read for one of the kids as well. On strangers. No, I, I I, I, I'll be honest, like, you know when, when we start, like, I started auditioning and I got like jobs, like I was like, you know, did NCIS and Modern Family and like I was kind of just doing these like bit roles, but like still had just so much fun. But when we moved back to London, because we eventually couldn't afford to live in LA anymore, and like we couldn't, we basically was just like, we can't do this anymore.


So we moved back to London and then I had an audition where I got told like basically I wasn't gonna make it. And like in person, this person told Me this. No, wait, wait, wait. Who was the person who, you don't have to say their name, but what was their position? They were a casting director. Wow. How old were, how old were you at the time? Maybe, gosh, 10. Imagine saying that to a 10. The monster said you, you're, yeah. You know, you're not gonna make it as an actor That I was too mature, So I couldn't, I I I, I, I I wasn't gonna make it 'cause I was too mature. I didn't, I didn't sense that kid, like, kind of kid, Like Wonderment or whatever kid thing. Right. And So I, I went home and I cried and I cried and I said, I'm not gonna do it anymore.


Like, I don't wanna, I don't wanna act anymore. My parents were like my parents, my dad actually, because my mom was very much always like, whatever you want, we love ya. Whatever you want. You know what I mean? But my dad Go nodding. Yeah, your accent is actually not too bad. Thank you. I, yeah, thank you. But yeah, your, my dad saw, saw something and he, he, you know, he always saw that drive in me and was like, never letting, like, would never let me, you know, slip on that. And so he was like, there's this audition in my inbox. Let's do the last one and then we're done. Like we, we don't have to do it anymore. And that last audition was Stranger Things.


Wow. And so you auditioned from in England for That? On that same day. I was so upset from, from what Happened on the same day. It was the same day. And my dad just like, we set it up and I just went on a blank wall, read the script and was like, what? Like, she doesn't have any lines. She just cries and she believed and then like from her notes and she, yeah, but it didn't even say anything. It didn't say like, she had superpowers. Her name was Levi. Nothing like that. Yeah, it was just like girl confused, like comes to like, doesn't seem like she's kind of human. Like very, very, and I was really vague and I just did what felt natural, but also used so much of the emotion that had been happening earlier on in that day. You were in A really raw place.


Really Raw. Like my, yeah. And did you have long hair then? And then of course you shaved it for the first season. Yeah, Yeah. I had long hair and then didn't hear from them for three months and kind of stopped auditioning, like didn't audition Three months. Three months. And then I got an email saying, Hey, they, you know, they the directors of that, that show that you auditioned for Really? Like, you can we face, can we Skype? So Remember that Guys, I Skyped with them. Yeah. I Skyped with them. Yeah, I know. I said that the other day. And people younger than me were were like, I don't know what you're talking about. And I was like, So I remember Used to be, it used to be like, yo, can I Skype you real quick? Do you remember that? Yeah. Sorry, go ahead.


So they, so you did a callback via, So I Skype video. Yeah. Yeah. And then they, and I did an American accent the whole time because I didn't want them to know I was British, so they had no idea I was British. I basically wanted them to know that I could hold an American accent for that long without them knowing so they, they could rely on me. Yeah. So then they, after the Skype, they were like, can you fly out to la? So my dad and I flew out to LA and this is kind of the weird part, like, and I said this in my speech, like on the last day of filming, but like, we got on the plane and at this point I knew that my character's name was 11 and I was on row 11. And then we got to the hotel, I was on floor 11.


Wow. That's, and everything's just seemed really, really weird. Like everything felt way too real and sad. Kind of positive and optimistic for the first time. That's amazing. In kind of like years. Yeah. And then, you know, I went in and, and I, and I met with them and I remember It was really weird. They didn't have any lines for me. They just were like, here's a box of clothes. What, what would you do if you weren't like human? If you didn't know who you were? Like you weren't like, you know, a normal regular girl, what would you do with this? And I just like kept like putting the clothes like on my head and, and then like, just kind of feeling them and like putting, and, and I think they were like, shit.


Like she's crazy. We found her. Oh, sorry. Oh, oh, sorry. We found her. Yeah. Yeah. We found Her that too. I don't, they didn't realize that then, but I think they do Now. You probably had Sean Levy saying, well, she's wrinkling those clothes. What is she doing with I Know, but what would you do? Yeah. If you took these, the Great clothes. Sean Levy, you're so lucky you had him shepherding the whole thing. Don't interrupt my Sean Levy impressions. The greatest guy. I know. It was very good. It was very good. Yeah. And then the next day I got a call in the hotel room as I was leaving back to Heathrow and then it was the directors and they said, do you wanna be R 11 and can you shave your hair off? And I was like, yes. And yes. And then literally three months later I was shaving my hair off.


Wow. That's crazy Amazing. By the way, I've, we've all had those moments. We've all had people say stuff to us in our career where we, where they go, you're not right, you're never gonna be right or you're not gonna Yeah, of course. All that kind of stuff. But yeah, his name is Scotty. But to say, yeah. And Scotty says that a lot too. And rightfully so. You've got very little talent. But but what, what, what is what is particularly repulsive is when an adult says that to a 10-year-old, and I know it's a professional environment, but to, but, but to in that moment, to think that it's okay to say something like that to a 10-year-old, to me is absolutely way out of bounds. Yeah. I think Agreed.


You know what though? I just feel like growing. Like even grow like that to me Ha Like, doesn't even like really scrape the surface. Like, it, it's like grow like growing up in the industry, I, you know, it can get like that people see you as an adult and because you, They forget that you're a kid 'cause you're coming in, well, You're hired, you're hired, so you're like, you, you're, you're hired like an adult. Yeah. You don't work the hours as an adult, but you're expected to be there like an adult. Yeah. Like you're Expected job and adult responsibility And Yeah. Same responsibilities. Like pretty much everything is the same, you know, except you gotta do school three hours a day.


Really? Yeah. Like, that's really it. And So I was so lucky because, like, for me, and I guess that maturity really paid off because I was really able to understand the weight of what I was doing. So I was never like, yep, doda like, what am I doing next? Like, I was always very like, okay, like I have my cool time is tomorrow I need to get eight hours. Like, I was so strict with myself. Yeah. My parents were always like, you know, they always kind of knew. I was like that too. Like I, I loved school would really prioritize school. Like I, I was just kind of like annoyingly one of those kids that just like, loved work, no problems. Loved school. Yeah. Just loved really like being on set.


Like I was so excited to be done with school So I could have more hours on at work. Yeah. Because I, I I just said just I loved it. I Love that. You know, you know what I noticed by the way, this is hopefully you don't think this is something bad, but like I noticed here we go. You're, you're in the States right now. United States. My accent. Yes. I was just gonna say, you go in and out, it's really cool actually. Yeah. Well, because She spent a lot of time here and spent a lot of time there. Right. That was such a huge thing for a minute. Like my whole, like, I, I actually call it the Accentgate because it's like so frustrating because that was like everywhere, like, like for a second. Like everyone was talking about my accent and they had a real problem about it.


And I was like, guys, like I'm married to an American. When I'm around his family, I immediately go into like an American accent. But then I was just in England and then I'm the second I hear my mom and dad's accent, I just go right back into That's really cool. And I'm like, you want me to be an actor? You want me to play these characters, but you expect me not to morph into people. Right. What I hear is what I do, I do that. It's all part of it, you know, and it's like, it's all part of it. And I'm just like, yeah, wherever you are, you're gonna be influenced. Yeah. By exactly your location. Sean's about like, Sean, you're doing it right now, will Yeah, of course. And Sean's about to you English accent. Sean's about to move on to Old Queen Road and then he's gonna morph into that. So like everybody Yes. There's a nice flat over there. I I'm really eyeing.


What Are you doing, dude? What you doing Really? If so, closing the loop on the, on the childhood start thing. What, what would you say to that 10-year-old starting out now, now that you know, you know, a lot since then. What do you think you could, you could say to that 10-year-old that would help her kind of cut some corners? You know, like, I'll be, I'll be honest, like, I, I really think that like, I am so glad, like everything happened to me. Like even the shitty stuff that I know kind of was hard at the time that I was going through. Like, I needed to go through it. Like, 'cause I am, I really am like a different person from it.


Yeah. And like, I, I, I know it sounds silly, but I started this when I was eight years old and I'm turning 21 next week and I see happy Birthday. Same. Thank You. We're all, we're all 21. We're all turning 20, 21. Yeah. Like what is the one, what, like to Jason's like what is the, looking back now, what is the one thing or several things that You wish you Knew, that you wish you knew like that, that you go, you know, what happened to me when I was 11 or 12 or 13 or 14, I'm gonna make sure that never happens again. Yeah. Or that I didn't need to worry about this as much. Or, or Conversely, so you don't focus on a negative. I wish there was something I did more of there. There's, you know what I mean?


Right. Yeah. No, totally. I think for me, honestly, like, the only thing I would say to her is like your, like your parents, like, you're good. Like, don't worry. Like they, they, they got you. They got you. Like no matter what, like lean into that as much as possible. That's great. Because when you're a kid you try and, you know, you wanna do everything on your own and you're trying your best, best and like, but like, no, like I am so reliant on my family and like, that's Nice, Honestly. Like they have, they have kept my feet on the ground and you can tell, I just would probably say, I'd probably say to them, like, or say to her that like, 'cause I know she's, she was maybe a little bit scared about growing up and making sure that like, well She's gonna be scared that you're there in the first place because you're appearing out of nowhere.


Right. As your older self. That's true. She would be terrified. Give Hers A little space. Okay. But no, what I was like, I feel like She can absorb all that. I feel like, I feel like what's cool though is that when I was younger, I was so afraid of becoming those infamous child stars that just go Jason. Right. Those Exactly. Jason, that's a huge story that I know is viral. Yeah. A cautionary tale we call him. Exactly. No, but you know, tail and, and it's like a, it's a deep fear because it, it, it happens. And by the way, you're constantly reminded of it in an interview at like 12, 13 years old.


People would be like, what do you think about this person and their journey? Do you feel, do you feel like you can relate to that? And trying to trick me. And I would go home and think, what, what if that happened to me? Like, what if I lost touch of reality and, and you know, that's so scary. And it really was a deep fear. And like, honestly, like I just again would tell myself like, you're not gonna be like that. Like you have your family. Yeah. Just yourself into your family. Yeah. Into the things that matter and do better Yourself. Yeah. But everything else, I think I'm so grateful I went through 'cause like it's so great. Yeah. You know, and you would, I, I know that there are some things I wish I could maybe change and stuff, but honestly, like I'm happy I've, I went through it and like now I can just use that as reference.


You know what I'm just remembering. We met when you were a kid. We we're at some thing. Do you remember this? You were like, you had just started doing Stranger Things. You were like 12, you were with your mom and we were at like some Yeah. Guess what will event? And she's got no idea what you're talking About. I know she doesn't, Hey. No, no, no. I'll say this. And actually it's so interesting 'cause Ariana Grande I think just talks about it. But like it's, I feel that I can't remember a lot of my childhood. Yeah. Especially when Will Annette's a part of it. You know, she's, it's Like a, I'm just, I'm a dial tone. No, just as you were talking, you were Just thinking, I don't know. It was at some like, at some professional engagement, but, but I, but I, you know, Because out of the gate Stranger things was such, so massive it was over right away.


Over. Yeah. And, and I'm sure, I don't wanna put words in your mouth, but I'm sure all, all of that then you get like, all this attention, everybody wanting to interviews and people, meeting people. It's just like becomes a whirlwind and like a foggy. Yeah. Sometimes people will say things to me and I'm like, oh yeah. Like I did meet that person. Like, I forget who I've met. You met. Yeah. You can't remember it all. I'm forgettable. I'm very forgettable. I will give you that. But you said That. No, no, no, no. But like, seriously, like I, and like I know people forget things was when they're like, you know, older 'cause they have kids like, or when they're a kid they forget things. But I, Jason doesn't remember who we are. I'm the worst. But, but I think you're right, Sean. Like I, I definitely, you know, I I, I went on a vacation right before Stranger Things came out and I had 25 followers and like, I don't even remember like what my fucking username was, but like, I remember I didn't even really know what like Instagram was.


And I just had it, I think just to post like videos of my dog Right. And then the next night, So I, like, we were driving to I think Palm Springs or something, and then I woke up from the nap and I woke up and I had a million followers. Wow. My Phone broke. And I like looked at my dad and he was driving. I was like, what happened? And he's like, I think this show is going to be really, really big. And I was like, and like, I remember I like turned my phone. I was asking my mom like, can you turn this off? Like, I don't know how to even work this. And we got to the Palm Springs Hotel, to which the whole staff started freaking out because I still had like a shaved head and like, I still looked like 11.


Yeah. And like, people were freaking out. And I was like, oh my God. Like, so it was like, actually over the course of like a drive 63 million followers, You have 63 million followers. Wow. On what platform? Instagram. Is that Instagram. Look at That On Instagram, I think. Good lord. Wow. That's Looking, you're looking good. Wow. Looks nothing like who I, what I'm showing right now, but no, But wow, you look amazing. Thank you. That's Insane. Well, now, so, so then growing up with all of these sort of interesting pressures to put it kindly as, as Stranger Things was, was exploding.


Was it helpful to have other kids on the show that, that you guys could sort of go through that together and, and, and, and now that it's it's over, are, is there a, how do you, that's like, those are brothers of yours that you have to like, say goodbye to? Like is it, is it strange? Is it hard? I mean, it is strange. I think, you know, I'll, I'll be honest, like, you know, the kids, 'cause there's so many boys, they, it was so great. 'cause I know that they had such great comradery in Yeah. In their kind of brotherhood of, of growing up and being Teen Boys, you know, in this huge hit show.


For me, my, my journey was a little bit different. Sure. Like, you know, I feel like as a woman and as a young girl, I just went through it a bit differently. Right? Sure. In terms of like, the things that I was wearing and the kinds of, you know, things I was kind of not Interested in Subject to experiencing, but just a bit more like, people would ask me very different questions than they would ask them or, you know, they would, I I would kind of, yeah. It, it just, that's the way it felt. It was very much like they could just be them and I kind of had to put some, like put a show on a little bit more. Right, right. Yeah. Which was just a bit, it was just my different experience. But again, not like a bad experience, but just different. And I, I was, I, I am so close with the boys, like, I love them and I have been really lucky again, to have that experience with them and saying goodbye to them was really, really emotional.


Yeah. I saw that Us I saw that last day on this set. It was in, I, I started crying. Yeah. It was incredible. Yeah. Your speech was great. Thank you. I, it was a lot longer than what I put on Instagram, but I, I I really wanted to, you know, I love, I love the boys and I love the cost, but the crew, like, I grew up with these people and Yeah. Most of them like my parents. Now What about, let's, let's get to David Harbor. I'm about to start a project with David Harbor. Any, any hints, any tips, any things to get ready to enjoy? Anything to watch out for? It's just you and I talking. Here we go. David. So David and I, he played my dad in the show and like, I, like he and I had, I would say, I would honestly say this, the most real relationship.


Yeah. Like I hear he is fantastic. He and I like had like a really, really transparent relationship where we're very, very honest, can be brutal with each other, but like, really like good friends. Like, and he, I think what is so amazing about him, he like, everything's about your hot. Like, he sees your hot, he knows what you want, he wants to find like the beauty in everything and, and the beauty in the scene. Yeah. And he wants to find it. And he always gave me that platform. Good luck with jb. Yeah. I'm, I'm all heart. Good. Good luck in finding any beauty in that heart. You know what I mean? We'll be right back.


So the three of us started this podcast, as you know, a while ago, almost five years ago, because we love being together. We love the media of audio, we love connecting through audio. So it's been a pretty amazing experience and we own the business. And if you own your own business, you wanna hire employees who love what they do to boost the overall success of your business. Plus make it a pretty good place to work. But how do you find passionate employees who are a good fit for all of your roles? ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter is the hiring site. Employers prefer the most based on G two. ZipRecruiter powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money. See a candidate who'd be perfect for your job. You can use ZipRecruiter's pre-written invite to apply message to personally. Reach out to your favorite candidates, hire experienced people who are excited about what they do with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter, get a quality candidate within the first day. See for yourself. Go to this exclusive web address to try ZipRecruiter for free. ziprecruiter.com/ SmartLess. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/ SmartLess. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


Do you need a haircut right now? Super Cuts. Thinks you just might. A haircut is the kind of thing that sneaks up on you, sort of like your creepy uncle. Before you know it, you're three weeks late and probably the last person to realize it. Well says super cuts. It's time to stop needing a haircut right now. Heidi stopped needing a haircut right now, however you like. If it's a reasonable hour, you can just walk into any Supercuts, no appointment needed. Or you can check in ahead@supercuts.com at a time that works for you. Or you can do both. Check in ahead and then walk right in and see if that interrupts the space time continuum. It probably won't, but if it does, at least you'll look pretty fresh for posterity and eternity. With more than 23 million haircuts a year and nearly 40,005 star Google reviews a month, Supercuts is doing something right. Get $2 off when you join their email list@supercuts.com and then get your butts back to Supercuts right now.


This podcast is brought to you by Kleenex, lotion, tissues. You can't predict sick days, but with Kleenex, lotion, tissues, you can be better prepared for them while helping keep your skin healthy. Whether it's a surprise, sneeze, or a stuffy nose, it's always good to have something gentle on hand. Kleenex, lotion, tissues moisturize to help prevent skin irritation while you're battling those unwanted cold and flu symptoms. It's extra care when you need it most. With lotion built into every tissue, your skin stays moisturized and healthy. Keep relief within reach. Grab Kleenex, lotion, tissues to help avoid the added discomfort of irritated skin during cold and flu season. I mean, why not have one less thing to worry about when you're not feeling your best? We all know life is unpredictable, but you can be prepared for that time of year when germs are going around by making sure you've always got Kleenex, lotion, tissues at the ready for whatever happens next. Grab Kleenex.


Alright, back to the show. You know what's so amazing Mil? Do I, I'm sorry, at the beginning you said Millie or Millie? Bobby Milli. You Can call me Mil whatever You, you gotta call her Milli. You gotta call her Millie Bobby Brown. I think you have to do The full Ms. Brown and then Bonjovi, Ms. Brown. And then Bonjovi. Bonjovi is what's really cool is that a lot of people with your success at such an early age would probably feel like, great, I did it. Now I don't have to, whatever, I can rest on my laurels and whatever. But you just keep going with incredible work. And like Jason said at the beginning, with this new line of products that you have and it's, it's really impressive that you still have a drive and a curiosity and a and a and a purpose.


You Got a big movie coming out this year too. You don't, you have a big movie. Oh yes. Let's talk about what? Electric, State. State. Oh, the, yeah. With PR and Pratts in that too, right? Yes. Oh Yes, yes. And then you had those, those upstart, those upstart directors, the Russo brothers I believes. You know, like, oh, how did you get through this? Oh, these guys, I, I was terrible guys. These Guys honestly, like, you know, I walked onto that set and it's like a well-oiled machine, is it? Yeah. It's like, and then that No, I'm like, PRT guy. No, I mean, Pratt's the different story.


Pratt Pratt is like, I don't even understand. Like, his thing, which I love is like, he, he always says, and I, and I love this, he'll go like, if you come to set in a bad mood, like what are you having a hard time living your dream. And like, I'm always like, I love that. Like, he comes to set and he's truly so grateful and honored to be there. Yes. And to like fulfill that role. Yeah. And he taught me a lot. 'cause like, I, I love you. Listen, I love work, but like, you know, you go through your days where you're like, fuck sake. Like I'm having a bad day. Yeah. But he saw and he brought sun every day. It was always positivity. It was always funny. It was always like just so, and, and the Russos also are so great at that, like, keeping such a great spirited, like set.


I saw the movie. It's, it's really good. Thank you. Yeah. I love that. Thank you. I love, yeah, the, I mean the movie, like, immediately I was so excited to do it. 'cause I had never done anything like this. And also my dream was to work with the Russo brothers. So like, I, you, What did Joe Russo call you? You know how he calls everybody by their last name or he will go like, Hey, hey Pratt, go sit down. Hey, Annette moved to the, did he call you Brown? He didn't, he calls me Mills. That's it. Mills Like Mills. He seems like he, sometimes he doesn't even bother to get up out of his chair. He'll just go yell for me. I love when he does that. So he'll be like, you know what? Once he said to me, I, I come into his tent and I'm like, Hey guys, like his tent. Did You? Yeah, His tent. And I'll be like, Hey, like, did you, did you see that?


And he's like, yeah. And then he, he goes, we're getting cannolis. If you do this take you get a cannoli. And I was just like, fuck. Yeah. And I, and because he's so Italian, he's so, and I just remember like, he gets, like his, his assistant, their assistant comes in with just like basically a box of cannolis and everyone's just eating. His name is Anthony. No, not an No, Not ant. An ant. Hey Ant by the way, you go in there and you'd be like, you'd be like, Hey Joe, what do you thinking? He is like, hang on a second. I'm just doing my fantasy football. I'm like, what? No. Joe's doing his fantasy lineup and Anthony's actually running Shit. No, no. On Electric State. He was addicted to TikTok. And we actually had to have a sit down talk about it.


Of course he was Did you teach him any dances? No, I don't. I don't have TikTok. I do not like TikTok. So I am not a fan of TikTok. So I, 'cause I, Interesting, interesting. Walk me through that a little Bit. We've made some news right there. I just, I have a hard time with social media. I don't like social media. Thank you. Which is actually bringing it Back. She says the girl with 63 million followers, it's not her Fault. They follow Her. I don't have Instagram. I don't have Instagram on my phone. Someone else does it for me. And I'll take a picture and then I'll send it to someone and then they'll post it for me. I Love this. I think that's really healthy. I think that we, you know, I've been, I've been a proponent of everybody taking a pause on social media. I think it's really dangerous, but, and I think it's really good for You.


But I'm not like, it's not like just TikTok. Like, TikTok I think is a platform where I see I used to see more negative than I did positive. So I was like, okay, I'm out. I I don't wanna be a part of that. Yeah. So I felt the same thing with Instagram. So I deleted that. Good. So now I have no social media on my phone, So I don't get notifications about what's happening in the world. Who's dating who? Yeah. I, so that's crazy. That's Amazing. I, I don't, and I don don't enjoy it, So I am out of the loop. But however, Joe Is Not has a problem. He is not, he had a problem and I had to bring it up to him. He knew that his scrolling for hours was becoming a huge issue and his algorithm was so weird.


Like his, like Would he forget to, would he forget to yell? Cut? No, never that bad. But like, it was like, I would like, we would be setting up a shot and he's just like in there in his amazing chair that I, and just scrolling away, chuckling to himself. Sure. And I was just like, and Anthony's out there set in frames. Yeah. Anthony's not more responsible than Joe Joe's just scrolling can's. Anthony Shopping for a wheelchair so he doesn't ever have to stand up. Alright, let's get back into this interview. Yeah, let's get back into it. Let, let's, Millie, you got so much going on. Let's, I wanna talk about, I wanna talk about the children. I want to talk about your 10 children. Yes. What are their names? So, okay, so basically I have Bobby Marley, max, Winnie, Agnes, Rigby, Pookie, Juno.


Did I say Dorothy yet? Nope. Nope. Dorothy. And I'm missing one. Jimmy. Sweet, sweet Jimmy. So I have 10 dogs, but then I have, but You've got a, a couple of turtles and a donkey. So I have, So I live on a farm, So I take care of you better. I have a horse. Exactly. Four Ponies, two cow. So you have more than 10 children? Five goats. Yeah. I mean they all in the Are you in the uk? I'm in Georgia. Oh wow. Come On. Okay. Wait. But did, did the dogs, did the 10 dogs stay in the house or Outta the house? Yeah. So the 10 dogs are in the house. And then I have, So I have the farm animals, but the farm animals, I didn't, I only got farm animals. Really?


I only got a donkey 'cause I, I had a coyote problem and Coyotes are terrified of donkeys. Wow. Is that right? So I go to donkey, then I basically started rescuing farm animals. So basically like there would be a farm like, and here in Georgia, like there's like goats on the side of the street and you're like, what the hell? Like who can take these? And I would just basically take these animals and then I bottle fed them. So I would bottle feed like these farm animals that a goat came onto set of electric state every day. I had to bottle feed my goat m and m for like every four hours. Like The candy or the wrapper? The wrap. 'cause he's the goat. Okay. Hence the name. Love it. I love it.


Will. Okay, sorry, I wanna get back. Can we just get back for one second to to yeah. To the donkeys Are are some sort of a coyote term kryptonite now? Is that, is that true? 'cause you know, we've got massive coyote issues here in Los Angeles. It's true. So That's why people, well that's why people often ask Sean to come over 'cause they recognize what a jackass he is. Hell, wow. What about horses are the coyotes? They don't, they don't, they don't care about the horses. No, it's a donkey. It Actually, it is a donkey. A donkey. They actually are quite aggressive. Which is, sounds kind of weird. But if a donkey like stole a dog, the the donkey would try and kill the dog.


Like it is very, very much like if you google it, like you will see that like donkeys, like are are very Serious. I'm going, I'm gonna get on a YouTube wormhole here and watch donkey ikey fights. Arnold Has a donkey. He does. I'm pretty sure He does. He does, right? Yeah. Who does? So like Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yeah. I think Schwarzenegger's got a donkey. Yeah, He has it in the house. Yeah. Yeah. But Jake had to kind of drill the line at some point. 'cause we were bringing in these goats that sleep in our bed and they were in diapers. What we We've got a diaper goat in the bed. Yeah. They sleep with me at night. Why babies? 'cause I have to take care because of babies. Girl, Are you so crazy?


They're they were basically babies. And So I would sleep with them and Jake, they would be in the middle and, and they are so cute. And I basically, Jake would get up and do a shift and then I would get up and do a shift. Yeah, she would do that. Actually I had it. I had like Norman Lamby, m and MII did the same thing with my cows. Wait, But but they would wear a diaper in The bed with you. You gotta lose yourself. You own at the moment. You never get it back. It's so stupid, dumb and cheap. You're fired. Millie, please continue.


That was, I liked that a lot. Wait, but you would have to change their diapers and all that stuff. Yeah. Well, and then people started in my community, people started thinking I was pregnant because I was buying boles diaper and, and nappies and all the things. Yeah. So then they reach around like eight weeks old and then they're, you know, they're full grown and they have horns and they're, they're wanting to go outside the, so then I had the put them outside the, outta the bed and then we put them outside and then basically it's not a Good combo. Horny in a diaper. No. Speaking of Scotty, do you think, Well, all right, so then they're outside and then you move on to another baby animal in the bed.


Yes. Yeah. So to go on to, so then I have a, I have 20. Okay. You're not actually gonna, I have 25 dogs, but I, but on top of the tens, so the 25 live outside. But they have, my god, what I have a shed and I rescue dogs off of the street. And from s and Jake. Jake is on board with all of this nonsense. Yeah. I mean, I kind of like, this is like, he knows how much I like, love animals. Like I, I would Like Yeah, but you can't have all those animals. No. So we drew the line actually, he said no more, but Yeah. But, but I have to obviously have my dog Winnie in bed. Like that's like, we're not compromising on that. It's deal breaker. It is a deal breaker.


But, but he does allow farm animals and he enjoys it as much as I do. Like we just had two babies, two baby baby puppies, neonatal puppies come to us right before Christmas and their mom got taken away. So they, they needed to be bottle fed. They weren't taken to the bottle. So Jake and I, every four hours were two feed these babies. Oh, Wow. In an incubator. So I Thought you were gonna say that you had to bird feed them. You know, J Ja, Jason. Jason. How, No, I actually wouldn't do that at all. But I would do a lot for animals. But that is where I, I would go Like, Jason, do you, I'm just thinking about Jason. He can't walk on a hotel carpet unless he's got Slippers on socks and slippers.


He, He's gotta Can you imagine being in that? Yeah. I mean, I, you're there for two weeks. I would bring my slippers too. It's not crazy. But I But Jason, the thought of these animals in their bedroom. No. Yeah. There's, there's too many exposed bacteria ports on a, on an animal to, to rub, to rub on your pillow or where other parts of your body might, it's just, it's, it's not, it's, it's like, You know what, it's a clean space. You know, it's really, I just have like, no, I do not think that. Like when I think of an animal, I am just like, like I get in my car and I'll go on Facebook 'cause I have a fake Facebook of a different While you driving, While You're driving.


No, right before I drive, I go in and I see in my community, if there are any stray dogs that are, have been left, been dumped. And then I go and I pick them up and I put them in my car and then I take them to animal control and get them registered. Then I bring them back to my house and I microchip them myself and I vaccinate them myself. No way. And then groom them. I give them, usually they're amazing. Their fuss night will speed in my house. I love that. And then I build kennels outside and I have a full staff. And recently I just got my rescue license. So now I'm actually a rescue. Wow, That's incredible. I love that. But it is, but now we've found over 250 dogs homes. Oh, that, That is lovely. That is Lovely.


It's, it, it's, that's Incredibles. So it breaks my heart that there is 250 dogs to be found. Yeah. Like actually like yeah, like in the rural parts of Georgia, it's really, really bad. And there's a lot of dog fighting rings. And I have a lot of that situation. I see that a lot. But Jake is amazing. Like, he loves, he loves seeing the animals come in and out. Like, he'll be like mill, like this one comes in for 24 hours and then gets adopted the next day. Or sometimes they've, the longest they, you know, some of them have been with us is like around two years. So People are aware that they can go to your whatever to adopt the Just Yeah, just the website. Like if you wanna go on the what website? The website. Okay. What's the Website? It's joey's friends.com.


And you can view the available dogs. We have all of them. JOEY Jo. Yeah. JOEY joey's friends.com. And they, they're all vaccinated, microchipped, fixed house trained, leash trained and crate trained. So Wow. That's like a, yeah. Wow. I love that. But What about if you grow to attached to one of these Animals? I never do. 'cause Like I think she's grown attached to 10 of them, You know? Yeah. Well all of my own. Like, I would never get rid of any of my own. Yeah. But the ones I bring in, I realize like, if I don't find you a home, I cannot, I cannot find the next one a home. So it's like, the faster I find you an amazing home, the quicker I can get in my car and go and pull from another animal control and, and basically lower the euthanasia list.


Can I go to the natural next question? Which you're welcome to say, I'm not answering that. I, I'm sure the desire to maybe have a child yourself one day is Burns bright question mark. Yeah. Yes. I, I mean, I, that is like, that has been, You're still very young. I'm still really young, but I, I, I, my mom, my mom actually actually had her fast child at 21 and my dad was 19. Wow. And they, you know, I I i, it is been my thing since before I met Jake. Like I, since I was a baby, like I told my mom like baby dolls, like I wanted to be a mom, just like the way my mom was to me and my nan Yeah.


Like my grandmother is like a huge, my, she was a huge part of my life. And so, yeah. I mean, Jake knows how important it is to me. And like, of course I wanna focus on really establishing myself as an actor and as a producer. But I, I also find it's so important to start a family for me personally. Like it's a, it's a huge thing. Yeah. Jake was like, we cannot do that until we get married. So that was his thing. And my thing was, I, I really want a family. I really want a big family. Like, I'm one of four, he's one of four. So it is definitely in our future, but for me, like I don't see having your own child, you know, as, as, as really any different as in adopting.


So I feel like anything's out. 'cause for me, like my home is full of love for anyone and anything. And so that is like what kind of we stand by Jake and I is like, our energy in the house is like, the door is always open and we, we want everyone to feel really comfortable. I'm headed there in two weeks to start this thing with David and I'll than bring a small bag more than welcome Their door open. So Yeah. The door is unlocked. No. And so, yeah, so that's, that's kind of, that's kind of where we're at. We're very much like we, we are always gonna be, you know, wanting to start a family and, and just, just doesn't really, it doesn't matter in what way or when, but it will happen for sure. That's so great. Well, one Millie one more time with the, with the website. What's it called?


Joey's friends.com. Joey's friends.com. That's amazing. Yeah. Good to you. Well, you're absolute delight, Millie. Yeah. You Thank you guys. Thank you so much again. Please tell Dad hello. I will. I'm gonna call him right now. He is gonna be very pleased. All right. To hear that you even remembered him, to be honest with You. Oh, this man. Totally unforgettable. Well have a great rest of your day. Go bottle feed. Thank I'll and Rescue more. Thank you very, very much for doing that. Thank you guys so much. And For me It was really, really cool to meet you. I've been a fan ever since. Yeah. Thank you so much guys. It's been really nice to be able to talk to you guys. It's great to, great to see you again even though you don't remember.


No, no, it's okay. It's okay. It'll come Back to soon. Yeah. Thank you guys. I hope to see you in person and Yeah, I'll be there in two weeks. Great. Talk to you. Alright. Three nights will be me there. Exactly. Bye. Bye guys. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye Bye Now. This is, this is, this is a good person. You know, she's, you know, I mean, that was Really cool. Like for me, I, I, I don't know if you guys are as big of a fan as I am. Of, of not by the way she's done tons of stuff, but like, I'm a massive Stranger Things fans. The last season's coming up. I'm super excited. I've, you know, I I love it. Is there something, is there a spoiler that you were dying to ask her that she probably wouldn't have been able to answer?


Well, About this final season? Well, no, you just wanna know like, how, how, How did they do? Yeah. Yeah. Like why, why did it all, why happen? What, what was the thing in the, in, what's it called? The underworld? What Planet? Yeah, In the net. What was it called? The, the, the called the upside down. It's yeah, the Upside Down. Oh, you watch it too? I've seen it. Yeah. Yeah, Of course. It's a fantastic show. I love how cinematic it is. All Those kids are such great actors and she's amazing. A great actor. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. She's amazing. Gaton Maso too. He's great. He's the one of the kids in the show. Oh, they're all great, by the way. They're all great. But you know, GA and Matzo was in Miz on Broadway as a kid.


Yeah. What, what else Sean? Yeah, what did he do there? Oh, he's happy with this one. Go ahead. Take your time. I Don't have one. You Actually don't have one. I thought you did. I thought you were leaning in. You were? No. Oh no, I got one. I got one. It's Oh, do you? It's It's gonna be Byebye Bird. Watch this. No, no. It's but, but, but Will nailed it. One of the greatest things about Stranger Things is the, is what? Upside up by down up. Bye. Yeah, You're An idiot. That wasn't very good. That wasn't very good. What about, well, She's got, she's got dual citizenship, right?


Yeah. Oh God. This One. And so she's, what would you call that? National? Yes. Hi. National Smart SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry Rob Arm, JF and Bennett Barco Smart Less.


Hey friends, Jason here. We're so excited. The Smart List has officially joined the SiriusXM family. We can't wait to announce new surprise guests who we know that you'll love. If you wanna be the first to hear new episodes ad free and a whole week early, Subscribe to SiriusXM Podcasts Plus on Apple Podcasts or visit SiriusXM dot com slash podcasts. Plus to start your free trial today.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors. Fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factor's. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormules.com slash factor 50 off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Look around, you can find cars like these on Autotrader. New cars, Used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars, but as soon as they get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait Autotrader.