
Do you want anything? One second. I'm just wanna, do you want something? Okay. Okay, great. Can I get one crispy chicken, two two crispy for you? Because I'm not, you want two for yourself? Okay. No judgment. That's fine. And, and, and ice cream. Do you guys even serve? You know, what? Do you mind if we just do this after? Welcome. It's an all new SmartLess. Smart. Smart. Less smart, less.


We were just talking about Shawshank And. I was gonna say to Will Jay before came on that my philosophy in life is kind of, oh, This is good. Hang on. No, this is good. This is good. You'll like to Yeah. Everybody pull over and get out the pen. By the way, this is Shawshank Redemption, I think for Shawshank Redemption. Tracy. It's The film. So, so the end of the movie, so the whole movie Morgan Freeman is talking about, like, you know, he goes in front of the, what are they called? The panel or whatever, the people who parole board kind of the board, yeah. Parole board. Yeah. Yeah. And he's the parole board. And he's like, he, he tells 'em what they think they want to hear. He's like, no, I've been, you know, reformed. I'm good. I I've learned my lesson. And they always deny his, his parole. Yeah.


And then at the end of the movie, he finally just is like, you know what? Fuck it. This is who I am. I, you people are crazy. I didn't learn anything, blah, blah, blah. And then that's when he gets released. That's it. That's my philosophy for Life. Yeah. And that's what, that's what full release comes from. Honesty. Well, two ways. Sorry. So everybody go ahead and put your car back in. Drive and toss that paper either out the window. If you still have an ashtray in the car, use that because we really's didn't That's good. We really didn't get an end to it. But it's Nice that Sean's philosophy, philosophy on life get Its know, like pretty, Like, you know, don't try to be something you're not. Yeah, exactly. Right. IIII, I, I agree with you.


Authenticity is, is a, is is a thematic that I, I'm on a project that we're, that I'm working on right now. Oh yeah. Very good. And that's the theme of the, of the thing. Oh, very good. You know, it's a great evergreen. Yeah. Authenticity. Hey Jason. Yeah. Hi. Why did the man fall down the well? Oh Boy. Because He didn't see that. Well, That's exactly right. Wait, who? Wait. Willie. You got, when we had Jordan Peele on his film? Nope. Yeah. I, I always just thought it was just a fun way to say Yeah. No, I'm not comfortable with flying saucers. Yeah. It says the main character. Yeah. No, I'm out. And this shit freaks me out. But it's actually an acronym for, It's an acronym.


He and, well, He said it's an acronym. He guessed it. Yeah. And I just went And I thought about it for two seconds. I went, not of Planet Earth. Not planet Earth. And remember the look on his face. He was, he was a little mad, I think. Well, what, no, what you were seeing was the same look that I had. Which is total shock at your level of intelligence. Yeah. Just like, That was my stunning Surprise. That's what hurt me the most was the stunning, the stunned look on everybody's face when I do something. Well, we're gonna have A stunned look at your guest when he comes home. Well, he's gonna have a stunned look at Sean. Oh, sorry, Sean. Did you have a lunch? He's gonna have a stunted look. I thought That was a really at your, when he, when he heard your joke. For sure. Because he tells jokes For a living shit. Oh. Oh shit. Here We go. And he doesn't just tell jokes.


I man, he, this guy tells jokes. This son of a gun. This son of a gun. And that's kind of the language that he would use too. Son of a gun. Dak Shepherd's coming back. He Dax does love son of a gun. He does. This guy uses, I don't know, there's something about his, everything that he does, his delivery, he turn a phrase, the things he talks about, the way he does it. A lot of people call him the nicest guy in standup. I have think of him as just the funniest dude I've seen in such a long time. And I. Remember the first time I was I heard about him was through our old friend Greg Garcia. Whom? Yeah. And Greg was like, Greg reached out to me, he's like, Greg, you have to have this guy on, blah, blah, blah. And I made some glib remarks. He's like, you're gonna regret it. I go, I think he's hilarious.


Relax Greg. And then JB. You. And I had the pleasure of meeting him. Really. I'm gonna make you really briefly make you repeat the glib remark right in front of him. We, We met him really briefly up at last year up at Pebble Beach. And he's as nice as he is funny. And it's all the shit. I love This guy. He's so sweet. I love Ray Romano All, I love the Tennessee Kid. Hey Ram Piano. I love the Tennessee kid. I love his new special Hello World on Amazon. He's, he's about to go on tour in a new one. Guys, it's none other than the hilarious Nate Zi. Nate Zi. Hello. Even better. I was ready for Ray. I love it.


Forgot. Hey, I'll get Ray. Oh, how great. Good to see you, Nate. It's good to see you Again. Good to see you. Sean. Hey, just a little fun note. Never seen Shaw Shank. So that's Well, you're young. You're too young for it. You know, it's before your time. You Wait, Wait, how old? I'm 44. I should have, He's pretty young. You know what, Nate? I didn't see Shawshank till I was 45. Oh, I'll do it next year. Anyway, Nate Zi. Nate, dude. Nate, this is really nice. Great To see you again. 'cause We did meet to see you. Yeah. We did meet up at Pebble. Yep. Do you live in a nice house or are you in a nice hotel room? Where are you In a hotel room? I'm in Syracuse. Okay. Working. I got a show in Syracuse. This is, can't make it here.


Can't make it anywhere. You know, that's what They say. They Don't, that's what they say. I think Nate, I like that. Sean. You said I'm in Syracuse. And I goes working. Nah, Just, this is just hanging out with the Orange Man vacation. This is the vacations I can afford to Syracuse. You go. It's nice. We took a bus up, but it's, you know, We spent on the hotel room. Yeah. Yeah. Everything went To this. Now what kind Of what? I have my family of thirties right off camera. They're just right there. They're said if y'all talk during this, I will kill you Off. When you, when you are traveling around and you're doing these shows, what size is your, is your, is your, is your group footprint? How, what, how, what, what's your posse size? Hmm.


We have probably like 10 guys. 'cause I, I bring four openers actually tonight. Oh wow. We got a surprise opener. He won't be here till later. Jimmy Fallon. Fallon is coming to the show. Oh. Oh, that's great. He's gonna jump on the bus. Where do I know? Tell me what we've know him from That movie. Taxi Pitch Fever. Taxi Fever. Pitch Pitch. A fever. Taxi Taxi Fever taxi with Queen Latifah taxi. Yes, I Remember Taxi. Yeah. Jimmy. Right now, by the way, he's hearing this. He's sharpening his knife hearing us say this. Well, Nate, I have to say this. We developed a show together years ago. What? And you were very successful then. But to see you over the years, just kind of like, and then SNL and then like, I, it's so exciting to finally be like, yes, this guy has been brilliant, has always been brilliant.


And now more and more people get to See it this same. And you sell Nate, you and you sell Nate, you sell out arenas like 20,000 at a clip, which is just unbelievable. And on top of this And, I'm gonna say this, And I really? And I've said it a bunch since it aired. When you were on SNL, your sketch, your, your, your George Washington sketch That was to me terrible. Just in my opinion, the funniest SNL sketch I've seen in 15 years. I, I totally agree with that. I gonna look that up. I totally Agree with that. Remarkable. Now your TV just went on, which tells me Bored. Yeah. I don't know. Turned Off the fam the family's bored. Yeah. The 30 men are getting itchy. There's no one in Here. It's just you and Jim. Ben Heim, right? Yeah. Is that his name? Jimmy May turn it off or does it matter? No, no. It's, gimme something to watch.


But you have echo what Sean's saying. You have just like, kind of finally thank, thankfully the rest of America is just like, understand What an awesome, awesome, hilarious dude you are. So how do you start? You're the Tennessee kid. You're from Hi, old Hickory, Tennessee. Am I right about that? Yes. Old Hickory. Yeah. Old Hickory. Is it next to New Hickory? No news is a little bit farther. Was it ever New Hickory? No, he's got Old, he's got this great joke in his new special on Amazon Prime where he says, I'm from old Hickies where Andrew Jackson's from. And people are like, he wasn't a good guy. And Nate goes, well, we didn't know him that well, but we didn't know him at all. So Joke. But Nate, talk to me about when you were a kid and stuff. Like, did, did you, were you always into comedy?


Did you watch SNL? Like what were your inspirations? That's what I was thinking. That's what I was getting to. How did you start? I just got there faster. It's, I grew, my dad's a magician. What? And does comedy Mine too. Mine can disappear in the drop of a hat. Sean, you are talk show. Quick. Get outta here. Sorry Nate. Thanks. You guys keep going. No, that mean, I grew up around that. I mean, so That was like, you know, I was funny. But then also growing up around, you know, my dad being a magician. You learned Pattern. So you just like, yeah. It just kinda leads you to it, I guess. Wait, Wait, wait. So Nate, so you grew up, your dad's a magician. He obviously loved you. Sorry. Sean and he, I mean, to the extent that he wanted to stick around. I'm Friends with Sean's dad.


Yeah. Oh, so you know where he is. Yeah. Yeah. He's a pretty good dude. I got You. Yeah. I don't know the whole backstory, but I know, I just know from what our hanging Out is, he's got no tread left on his tires. But he's a good guy. Yeah. He he texts you a pin to his location. So what was that like growing up with your dad being a magician? That's pretty rad. An illusionist. Yeah. Yeah. It was the best. It is. You know, I don't know if I even understood it. Like I, I'm sure I think of it like my daughter. And I'm sure your kids like, they, it doesn't seem not normal. Like it just felt like, it's like, that's all I ever knew. And it wasn't until you got older that you're like, yeah, dude, nobody's dead's a magician.


Yeah. Start saying, you don't know when you're asked what your dad does, right? Yeah. So he would make a living And. I mean I have people do magic. Like magicians would show me magic trick. I've just seen them all too And, I just, I'm just not a good, I'm not a good person to perform for. 'cause I'm just like, all right, you go, you know, it's like, is this your card? You're like, it's always my, it's always my card. It's always been my card. Every time I see magic, every time I see magic, I fricking love it. And I bet. Really bet. Everybody listening loves it. Well, I mean, how can you not love when you see a magic trick? I mean, a good one's a good one. Yeah. If it's convincing. But I, but I never think about it. I never And I always make fun of it. When I hear about, it's like you hear about mimes, but you know what?


You can't take your eyes off a mime or, or a magician. It's, it, it it, it gets a bad rap. You can't take your eyes off a m eyes Off Of a mime. Yeah. That's the quote of the day. Wait, So Nate, so your dad Sean was gonna ask this. So your dad made a living as, as a magician? He did. He was a teacher too. Like, so he had a day job and then he would do that. And then we were always in Nashville. And so he's just always done it. And I mean. He's, he's very successful. He is very known in the magic world really. He comes with me and opens for me a lot on the road. No Way. And he will do these shows. And you know, it's every little boy's dream. Travel your dead when you're 44 years old. So you go, we got a little CPAP machine hooked up in a tour bus.


It's A good sign. You got some ramps on the side of that stage. Yeah, it's, I mean we were, we had our bus parked out one time. And I had my, it was my dad, my mom and my aunt And I was like, people probably go by this tour bus. And they're like, it's pretty rocking in there. And I mean we got it's lights off quiet. Just the roar of machines keeping everybody alive And the smell of Lineament. Wait, so did you ever perform in the magic shows with your dad? I did some, yeah. I would help him with magic. Did you Ever get cut in half? No. No. We didn't ever do that. We didn't He ever did that go that far? He just slight hand a lot of slight hand. And he does comedy with it. That was my Favorite. Yeah. So then when you, what, what age were you when you were like actually kind of to what Jason you had kind of alluded to, but did, did you start just like being a wise ass on the, on the side of your dad's stage while he was doing magic?


Like is that how standup started for you? I think it was just being funny. We would like, I remember seeing standup. It was just, it was just trying to, it was trying to make people laugh. I don't think I ever really made fun of anybody. Right. It was, but it was like, I would make fun of myself a lot, which is what I do now in my comedy. So yeah. That's the best. It'd be like, you'd be doing stuff like that making fun of, he had, I mean, one time I've talked about this in a special on one of 'em, but it was like, he brought the Easter Bunny home when I was like six. He was at the, he was at a mall doing a show and the Easter Bunny needed a ride home. And my dad goes, I'll give you a ride home if you swing by my house. And so I remember the Easter Bunny we had, like, they, my parents had this old red Mazda stick shift, you know, and Easter Bunny's head was bent to the side 'cause his head couldn't fit in the car.


Sure. So he was just, he was sitting like this. And then he got out And I met the Easter Bunny. And then my dad drove the Easter Bunny home. So that's, so that started your, the Easter Bunny say, say Story. That was the Yeah, That was the trajectory. I go, I go, if I could beat that guy, then maybe I can make it as Now what, What was your mom's attitude on, on her husband's career? My parents have been together since seventh grade and they, my mom's very funny. And, but she, she worked at a bank. I mean, she's just been, I mean, it's just stuff. There's like, growing up, it's buying, you know, she has to go. My dad will be like, go to the store.


I need you to buy 12 lemons. And he has to buy for like, his magic or a bunch of newspapers from that day. It's like a bunch of random and it's just normal conversation. You're just like, it's a Tuesday, you're just trying to grab some bread, milk and 30 oranges. And then you get on out there and you And handkerchiefs in Six colors. He's got a lot of shows this week. It's just stuff like that, you know. That's Cool. Wait, wait. So, so Nate, so I want to kind of get, again, this, this is, we're the worst interviewers on the planet. We were just voted worst ever interviewers. We nailed it of all time. Yeah. But I want to go back 'cause we again, because you play these huge arenas and it's amazing.


And, I don't, I don't know if I've ever seen a comic so comfortable. You make it so intimate. Even though you're playing a huge, there's something about it that makes it so personal and you and you, you're so organic. Yeah. You draw us in as opposed to ask for. And we're talking about authenticity. You're very authentic. But you, that feels like the you, that when you started, you must have started in clubs, like in smaller venues, right? Like, like most comics? Yeah. I imagine. Oh yeah. I, I, so I moved to Chicago first for a couple years, and then I moved to New York. And I was in New York for the most, for like eight and a half years. And so I did all the clubs and all the, like, going up every single night I performed for one guy once, Oh, my God, No Way. Like he wouldn't leave.


We try to get him to leave. And he is like, nah, it's all right. And we're like, well, we don't think it's all right. And I. Like, We gotta go. It really wasn't about him. You're like, what's up? Like, I don't wanna stand up in front of a guy regularly up in front of four people, five, six, like, I mean six people was like, you got pretty good show going on. You know, you were, you were excited about six people. No. Way. Yeah. So you just get used to just being in these kind of like, you know, it takes a long time before you're in front of like, an actual pain crowd. That's good. But What, what does that do for you? What does that do for you? Like rhythm wise and center when you're just doing six people, like, Well, I had to learn to get people into my rhythm very quickly. So since I'm talked slower, And I was from the South and all this, I had to figure out, 'cause I would follow like High Energy Acts.


And then I'd come up and I'm like, well, I got to come up with a joke or I gotta say something. I just need you to hear my voice for a second. So You can go like, all right, readjust and be like, now we're in this rhythm. And then get into the first kind of, that's good. You know, come up with a good like, opening little thing or whatever and just, yeah. And get rolling. You know what always blows my mind about standups though? Like how You can just walk around the stage for two hours and always have something to talk about. And just like, how do you, it it's, is it like a monologue you memorize? Or like, how can you just go up and speak God? He is Gonna love show business. Do You think two hours straight? Yeah. Sean where that, where do you get a load of her? He's he's gonna love show business.


He's gonna love it. Yeah. With two thirds of the planet is water. Yes. There's a couple of poles. No. You know what I mean? That always blows memory. Obviously you had material that you work on, but do you ever, like, there's Your answer Go up and you're like, Oh, my God. I don't know what, what subject to talk about next. Like the flow of flow. Well, I don't go up. It, I, yeah, I go up prepared. I mean, I can't do the other, I can't really do like crowd work go up and stuff. It's very, Very, it's not free styling, bro. No. I Work on it for months. I know, but it's, but Nate, do you ever switch, Nate, do you ever switch the order based on the audience? Oh Yeah. This, this, this new hour. I've switched it a ton, but it, and it, it is worked. 'cause now I'm opening on a joke that I, that I've closed on.


So it's like, it's great to be opening on a joke that I've actually had to have the energy and the rhythm of a closer. And then you just move it up and now it's the front. And you're doing those decisions on the fly. Yeah. You just fill it out. It's like a, I mean, it's kinda like a song. Like, I, like, I'm in love with standup right now. Like, I love it so much and it's, I, the way I've looked at writing kind of is like, it's a movie. So I'm the main character of this movie, and I'm not, I'm telling the story. I'm not, there's a, there's a, you know, a reason for be saying all this stuff and everything leads into the other thing. Yeah. So you wanna make it where people don't realize you're into another joke. But in my head, I could be on like joke five.


Right? Right. But you're trying to, I'm trying to make it where like the, and then that's how you remember it. 'cause the only way, you know, if you're talking about like riding a car and then you're like, my wife bought a car. Well now that's the only thing I could go into. Right, right. And we will be right back.


Thanks to Vori for supporting the show. Tired of the same old workout clothes I am, I'm also tired of working out. But I'm gonna do it then you need to check out Vori Vori is your destination for high performance, active wear. That's designed to look and feel great. Their pieces aren't just for the gym. They're so comfortable and stylish. You'll wanna wear them all day long, re's, innovative fabrics and thoughtful design. Ensure maximum mobility and breathability, no matter how intense your workout gets. But the best parts, they're active wear. It doesn't scream, oh, it just came from the gym. Whether you're hitting the gym, running errands, or lounging at home, vori has everything you need to look and feel your best. For me, I like the transit jogger. And I, the color I like it in is ink. INK, it's like a navy kind of color. But I love it because I wear sweatpants almost every single day. And, I need a new one. So I got these ri ones, Oh, my God. I can, I wear them immediately when I get out of bed. And, I. Just wear 'em around the house or wear 'em in the store, or wear when I, wherever I need to go. And nobody knows the difference. They don't even question what my pants are. They just think they're really cool looking. Vori is an investment in your happiness and they're hooking up SmartLess listeners with 20% off your first purchase@vori.com slash SmartLess. That's a vu OR i.com/ SmartLess. Not only will you receive 20% off your first purchase, but you'll also enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Go to vori.com/ SmartLess and discover the versatility of Vori clothing.


This show is sponsored by BetterHelp. So I talked about this before about comparing your life to others. It can be really, really dangerous and really, really unhealthy. It's almost inevitable if you're on social media, you're like, oh, why don't I have that? Why don't I look like that? Why is my life not as great as this person, seemingly? And that's the thing, it's seemingly it's people just post the best versions of themselves or, or the greatest parts of themselves. You don't know everything about them entirely. So it's kind of bad to compare yourselves to it. But I understand it's easy to do so. But comparing yourself to others is a total joy killer. It's so easy to look at someone's social media, like I said, and think of that, that they've got it all figured out. But the truth is, everyone's got their own stuff going on behind the scenes that you can't see. So therapy can help you focus on what you want instead of what others have. So You can start living your best life. If you're thinking of starting therapy, give BetterHelp a try. It's entirely online, designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist and switch therapists anytime for no additional charge. Stop comparing and start focusing with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ SmartLess.


SmartLess gets support from ZipRecruiter Summer's. Finally here. What? And all those seasonal businesses are looking to hire everything from Mule Packers to drama camp leaders. That means if you've got those special skills, you are in luck. There's a big demand for people like you. And they're not exactly easy to find. Whether you're hiring for one of those roles or any other role, how do you find top talent before the competition gets to them? ZipRecruiter. And right now You can try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess found a candidate that really stands out. ZipRecruiter makes it easy to reach out to them right away. Just use the pre-written invite to apply message to personally connect with your top picks and get them interested in your opportunity. Gear up for summer with ZipRecruiter's high speed hiring tools. See why four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day. Just go to this exclusive web address right now to try ZipRecruiter for free. ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. Again, that's a ZipRecruiter dot com slash SmartLess. ZipRecruiter the smartest way to hire.


And now back to the show. Who was your main inspiration as far as developing that style of, of telling stories as opposed to jokes? Was it like a George Carlin or, 'cause it seemed to remember he was, he was kind of like that too, right? Yeah. Well a big Yeah, Cosby was one. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, obviously. But like that big, if you go like watch his old stuff, it was, it's very storytelling and all that kind of stuff. I'm a big Seinfeld fan. Seinfeld was, he was, I, I kind of think, because I always looked at it, I tell stories, but in a joke form, like, so it's, I mean, I try to never be too far from a laugh. 'cause the farther you are from a laugh, the bigger the laugh has to be.


Yeah. And I don't wanna put that much pressure on a laugh. So if I can just kind of keep it, that's interesting. Going and let it build. Yeah. It's like, you know, it doesn't, you're just not putting the weight of the world on this. You're like Right. Because if if they go, if you go silent too long, I mean, there's a point where you're like, well this joke better be unreal. Yeah. Yeah. Sean tried, Sean tried to stand up and we won't get to his opening joke, but he was, he started so far from the laugh. Yeah. And then he never got even to the same area code as the laugh. You know what I mean? Like he never, he never, he never had actual direct sight on the laugh. They never got a clean look at it. He went right, Turned into a lecture And there's No Way. You're like, no, he's supposed to go. Well he'll never get there now. Even with a series of mirrors.


He couldn't see the laugh. It was, so that's a shot at me obscured. That's How I drive around Taana only take right hand turns. But Nate biggest bombing story, like, did you just like Oh my God? This is the worst. Like Yeah. Yeah. There's a bunch. I mean I, you would blame it on, I had one, one time I thought it was the shirt I wore and so I threw that shirt away. Yeah. I had a button down shirt. And I tucked it in. I've never done that since. Yeah. I was like, it wasn't me. I was just like this shirt Guy. Yeah. It couldn't have been the material guy. Yeah. His fucking shirt is Killing me. Look this guy shirt. What is this guy's deal? I've done a cruise ship. Say no more. Yeah, I Wanna, I won a contest and your prize was to set your career back five years and do cruises.


And so I go out and I'm doing it and you gotta do, like, you gotta do a bunch of shows. So you do 30 clean, 30 dirty. I never had dirty, so it's like I couldn't even, and then you would do one another show. So you needed, honestly, 'cause sometimes these people would come back and watch multiple shows. So you needed to have, you know, two hours of material or do crowd or be able to mess with a crowd or something. And I remember we, we'd go up and you would do one show at the beginning of it. You do like five minutes each. And it's kind of just like intro. It is in the big theater and you're kind of just letting the crowd know, we're comedians. We got a show back here, blah, blah. So the other guy just was great and knew how to, like, he shined a fly shot on the crowd.


Like just knew how to like really play with the crowd Always works. And he was like, come to my shows. Every show is different. And he like made a big announcement out. They're all different. And then I went up And I said my, I go come to one. It may be the other one, but the other one will be the same. I had to like, I was like, do not come to all my shows. Most will be the same. I don't have enough material to have 'em all be different. Right. So Right. You can go to his shows. They will be different. Mine will be. And then I went and did a show and it was, I started it and like they, they didn't laugh. And I was like, oh, these people have been to every show. And. I'm not a Crowdwork guy. You know. And I'm like, so what do you do man?


And I. You know, some guy's like, I'm an he, he's an oil rigger in the ocean. It's actually a pretty crazy job. And I was like, that's cool. And I just moved on. It's like an insane, people are saying crazy stuff. They're like, I'm a bank robber. I'm, that's neat, man. what about you ma'am? Back there. I had nothing. No riffing. And then I had to ride in an elevator with these people. I'm in, I'm in the elevator, in the ocean. You think it sounds like I made it. And I'm just sitting there. And, I had a hat on And I. Just hear some guy just trashing me and I'm my shoulder's touching them. And I. Just have to sit there Oh my God get off my God. But they do separate them between clean and dirty on a cruise ship that's exclusive to a Cruise ship. Yeah, it would, you would just have a show that's like, the kids can come to this show, your family can come to this show.


And then you'd have like a night at, you know, 11 PM's. Like adult only show. Yeah. They, you still can't be that dirty. But it's, the idea of it is a little more, you know. Yeah. You could have just dropped in a couple F-bombs. Yeah. Just Randomly. I get a curse as I talk about parking. I'm like, you guys have a parallel parking just, and they're like, this guy's filthy. Yeah. I didn't even have any, I didn't even have, I had no dirty jokes. Like there's no, I don't really, I don't talk about sex or Right. Like political or like, there's nothing like really, like, that's kind of like this. What about Political sex? Will you ever touch political sex? Is that something That you'd be willing to That I will, yeah. If the right joke comes up. Sure. Sure. I, I, you know, it, it is funny, it is remarkable how how clean your standup is.


And a lot of people, it's, it's such a weird thing to have to say to to point it out. But I guess it is worthy of pointing out. And it is to me such a testament to how profoundly funny you are. And, and honestly, And I, And I. I hope it is a badge of honor for you. You it should be. 'cause it, it really, you find ways to talk about stuff and you don't need to, to swear. I swear. Like a Cosby never, never cursed, right? Yeah. Famously never. Well, let's again, let's not try to, you know, look at, so let's not, yeah, But No, let's go down the avenue of Cosby and Clean, you know? Yeah. Yeah. This guy. Wait, so Nate, wait. Did you, so at home, what's it like at home? So like, is does your, do you check out, do you run jokes by your wife?


Does she okay them? Is she sick of hearing them? Like, what is that dynamic at home? I'll tell her. Yeah. I, I like, she knows about every joke that comes up. 'cause that, that's something I had to learn to, when you make fun of your wife at the beginning is you have to show love. Like, you have to show, 'cause people, 'cause I remember at the beginning the reaction would be like, well, why are you married? And so then you're like, well that's not you. That's not what I want. You don't need to have that reaction. So you have to then make fun of yourself. But with her. And you gotta do it in a way that where like they can tell that you do love your wife. Yeah, yeah. You love your family and you, you know, and so it's just kind of like, just making fun of each other. But yeah, I'll run by stuff. But that comes across and you've got, you do that bit about the guy coming to replace the water heater in your other special, and you're, and the, you go, finally the guy realizes you don't know what you're talking about.


He thinks maybe this is a modern relationship. And he says the goes, he, the guy said to me, is your husband here? And then you go, yeah, I think she's here somewhere. It's so good. And it is, like you said, you're, you're self-deprecating. You're the, you're the, the, the butt of the joke, which I think is a always such a winning combo. You're not making fun of somebody. You're, you're not having a laugh at somebody else's expense. You're not putting somebody else down to make yourself funny. Which is great. Yeah. Yeah. I And I, I was just never liked it. Like, I felt bad. I mean, I'll like make fun of my buddies and comics and stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But in the audience, you just, I just always felt, you know, it's like this person's just trying to sit there.


They don't need to. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Be like, big, what's your shirt? Your shirt's stupid. And then I got my shirt on tucked in And. I got right. Don't we all got stupid shirts? Yeah. Do you, do you still live in Tennessee? Yeah. Yeah. I moved back. So I was, I was gone like 13 years and then we've been back for about nine. Yeah. Oh, I hear it's beautiful down there. Yeah. It's so good, right? Yeah. I I'm born and raised there. It's great. We have as much of a normal life as it can be. We're in a living a cul-de-sac, the house at the top. So we had the leaders and we set the tone for it, because I have a joke.


I'll just, I can say my new actor and we do all in our cul to say we do all the right things. Like if someone pulls down there, we're like, what are you doing down our street? Any car? We don't know. We just run out and be, you better get out of our course. I Mean, just furious if they come down there. Brothers and sisters growing up. I have a younger brother and a younger sister. A young, so you're the oldest of the three? I am. And do they, do they, are they finding you funny all the time or like Yeah, Yeah, yeah. My brother's like three years younger than me. My sister's about 10. I've talked about her and it's special. And she, she works for me now two. Oh. So that's fine. I me get yelled at by her.


I mean, you got your whole fa you got your sisters working for you, and then you're on tour with your mom and dad and your aunt and Yeah. Cool though. That's cool. It's pretty rad. Do you, I, I don't think you've said this, but you have you, have you, sorry. Do you have kids? Yeah, I have a 11-year-old daughter. Why are you so nervous to ask him that Jason? Just so, By the way, he's married, He said he's not available. What are the kids' ages? I did say before. Don't ask about if I have kids. Damnit. Oh, all right. I guess we're okay. Yeah. Now I have one 11-year-old daughter. Oh, That's great. 11-year-old daughter. And what does it seem like she's gonna want to do with her life? Does she want to She loves horses right now for, so I don't know why.


Oh, That sounds expensive. That's expensive. It is. I don't, but I don't even know where no one, we don't come from horse stuff. You know? You're not, you're not horse people. No, there's never horse people. But I, she loves horses. So right now she's kind of doing that stuff. But she's very creative, very funny. And she, you know, will get me and my wife laughing a lot, you know, And I think I gotta teach her where to where the joke. You gotta be like, all right, well you gotta be serious. So, Yeah. Isn't that funny? It's like, there's, there's, there's the little, there's the age when they learn sarcasm, they learn humor and, but they don't yet know when to stop the joke. They don't know when to do the joke. But you, you don't want to shame them 'cause you don't want to kill their spirit or their sense of humor.


So you just gotta kind of grin and bear with so many things in their life. It's so incredible. Watching kids learn things that we forgot that we learned. You know, like, it's amazing. You know, nothing until you learn it. She Can make fun of her friends recent and like, I think, but then they all got like, it was like, they did not like it. And That was like, and it was funny. I, I forget what it was, but it was like, it was something funny. But you're like, all right, you gotta understand. You're like, you gotta, some people will be able to handle it. Like, right. You know, she just is all about the joke. 'cause it's obviously just our fa you know her. Yeah. Grandfather's a magician. A comedian. Like, so it's, it's a lot of joking, I think.


Yeah. I think that making fun of your friends is, is not a good path to go down. It's not Unless it's Sean success. Unless it's Sean. I mean, this is such a big button to hit. No, I thought we were talking about friends. Yeah. Sean is, oh, right. Yeah. You know what I mean? You feel warm inside. Where's that, where, what's after Syracuse? Where do you go next? Albany. So Albany. Unless You, Of course. Yeah. And what, and just fucks connected. Like what are you doing, dude? Yeah. This is the route. I know we started last night. We were in Philly at the far we, like it was where the, the Sixers play. No. Way. Wow. So it was this big Thing. And then, then it goes Syracuse was, and then it'll go Albany. And then that's, these are the two the Fallon wanted to come to was Syracuse and Albany.


Yeah, of course. That's a big, those are big venues. I think he's from up here. Yeah, He is. He's from upstate New York. What, what, where are you, what, what arena or place are you playing tonight in Syracuse? The, you know, the arena, the Carrier dome probably, right? Is that what it is? No. As it used to be. No. Yeah. No. I've been to a game there that's like a huge Oh, okay. I've been to a basketball game there. You could fill it. Because even basketball courts set up, it's you're people buy tickets that, or like, I don't think they could see the court. Right. They're sitting like behind the court. Would There be a crowd that's just too big for, for a comedy show where it's just like, it's, it, it needs to be a little bit more intimate. Like 20,000 people is like right at the max maybe.


Or, or no. Yeah. I mean It's all about how we have like, you know, the arenas, we have these big screens. We have, I've put more speakers up so everybody can hear it everywhere. And you really do try to make it intimate. I mean, You can tell. Everybody gets real quiet. I mean, that's the cool, it's one of the coolest things is when you're telling a joke and you're, this many people are quiet. Yeah, yeah. You know, and this kind. And they're just, I mean, you could, I could yell with no microphone and the top person could hear me is it gets that quiet. That's So Cool. So yeah. I mean, I'd imagine if you did a stadium, you know, I I, I could see it getting a little lou. Right. You know, and we're in the middle too of an arena. Yeah. So I'm, it makes it a lot. I'm a lot closer to everybody.


Do a hundred ou do a come on, do a do the big, do the big house in Michigan. That's the, have you ever had a moment where you kind of scare yourself a little bit by thinking about all the eyes that are looking at you and that they're not talking and that it is silent and that you might not be doing well and you can't leave for another, asking our friend 45 minutes asking, are You scared? Are you scared of the eyes? Yeah. I mean, have you ever had a panic attack on, on a stage and know that you can't, you can't leave for another hour? I have. Yeah. I mean, I've done it so long now that you're, it's, I mean, keep your knees bent.


It's happened to me. I mean it's, Yeah. Yeah. I, I mean, I've done it now. It's like, yeah. I mean, you, you think about it all. I had an SNL like a little bit when I did the monologue, I was more nervous with the monologue. 'cause it's like, stand up and you're like, I'm supposed to be good and at this, and, and then you gotta kinda deliver the jokes into the camera. But there's the crowd. And so like, it was very weird to deliver jokes to kind of a spot where no one's at. Right. And you're right on the heels of, of sitting, of standing back behind that flat behind the band. Right. That little narrow little plank. And the whole crowd is silent and they're counting down to that live moment to America. Like, it becomes really tangible. Like you're not just live in, in front of, you know, you know, a crowd.


It, it's beaming across, you know, the planet. Oh yeah. It like, it's real tangible there. Ugh. Yeah. You're like, I could say anything right now. Right. And they're going hear it right now. 'cause it's live, you know? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Remember when we, I used to remember like 20 jokes when I was, when I was a kid. I used to love them. And now I can only remember like one or two. But go hadn't follow from back then. No, they're not that great. Go, go tell one Jay, do You have any jokes? Do you wanna hear a guy tell a joke inside out? go ahead. I do get a little tripped up. Do you have a joke from when you were a kid that, that you'll never forget. You may not use it in your act, but it's just like, just a classic. That was one of your favorites.


Yeah. I didn't use it in my act to go. You you say You do I hang? No, I didn't hang onto your, like, I kept it. I still read a joke book when I was five and I'm closing on it. It's, I had, I remember the joke. It was a, I said there was a, it was a joke book or something, and there was a guy goes, waiter, there's a spider or there's a fly in my soup. And then the waiter goes, well don't worry, the spider on your bread, we'll get it. And It was a picture of a spider bread. And so my dad always brings, I remember that joke and then my dad brought it up. 'cause I would like, I was explaining why the joke was funny to him and like kind of going through it, like, here's why this is funny.


You know? So that, that, that one was the first one, but I, I let it go. Do you guys have jokes from your, from when you were a kid that you, you'll never forget One joke that's appropriate to tell. Is there one like a go-to that? You remember? I had a joke book when I was really little. It was, You have a joke book now, but anyway, keep going. It was, it's not funny. It's, it, it was funny when I was like six years old. It's like, where do dead people, people go in your house and it like, it was the living room. Yeah. I have one, which is like, people always say that ballet is really hard to do. And so I always say just don't do it. Yeah. Oh, see, Nate left. Nate left That That was Sean's opening joke when he did stand up.


And what, and what is it, this would probably be interesting for folks including me. What are the, how do you do the economics of being a standup? I'm assuming you have to bear all the costs of the trucks and the infrastructure and all that stuff. And then you get to keep whatever you don't spend on what it costs to put the show up. Right? And you're making your money based on ticket sales and merchandise, perhaps full stop. Yeah. Yeah. We don't, I mean, merch is not, merch is not the biggest thing in standup. Yeah. Why? Yeah, I don't know. I mean, we've had it, we've done it at shows and it's just, I it does, it's not like a concert or people don't, right. Yeah. Like I was saying, like standup's still kind of, it's kind of a newer thing.


Like, like Cosby's like one of the first, he's still alive and like, you know, like he knew Lenny Bruce and Just don't you gotta, if I could give you one piece of advice, if we Could just lose the Cosby References, if we could That was the Multiple. Well, if we could get it down to single digits, it would be great. Goes alright. Or, you know what I'm gonna, CK was, I'm gonna send you a couple articles. Harvey Weinstein, And I once set up an LLC. But, but, but so, so you've got this, you've got this huge apparatus. You've got this Yeah. Apparatus, right? Like the Yeah. But you know, You don't, you could do it without it. You, You get like a deal. So you have promoters and then the Yeah, you are, I think the, the, it's like the promoter's the one that's putting the money for like the the renting of the venue.


Yeah. Right. And then I'm paying, then it comes outta mind. The show budget of the speakers and the, all that stuff. Yeah. And so You can, You can have it go as low or as big as you want it to go. Who's your, who's your manager? Who, who are your peeps? Brillstein. They're the Brite and UTA. Yeah. We'll be right back.


SmartLess is brought to you in part by Audible. Listening on Audible helps your imagination soar. Whether you listen to stories, motivation, expert advice, any genre you love, You can be inspired to imagine new worlds, new possibilities, new ways of thinking. Find the genres you love and discover new ones along the way. Explore bestsellers, new releases plus thousands of included audiobooks, podcasts, and originals that members can listen to all day want with more added all the time. Audible makes it easy to be inspired and entertained as part of your daily routine without needing to set aside extra time. There's more to imagine when you listen guys, I'm listening to the Housemate is watching by Freedom McFadden. I come like, come on already. That title makes me freak out and spooks me out. It's really, really good. The New York Times said it, it's an unbelievably twisty, tension packed and globally bestselling house made series. The book can be enjoyed as a standalone. Listen. And once you start, it will have you up all night until the final explosive twist. You guys, you gotta check it out. It's so good. As an Audible member, You can choose one title a month to keep from the entire catalog, including the latest bestsellers and new releases. New members can try Audible free for 30 days. Visit Audible dot com slash SmartLess or text smartlist to 500 500. That's Audible dot com slash SmartLess. Or text smartlist to 500 500 to try Audible free for 30 days. Audible dot com slash SmartLess.


This is it. We've got an Amex Platinum Pro on our hands. Ladies and gentlemen, we haven't seen anyone relax like this before. In the Centurion lounge, is he connecting to complimentary wifi? Oh my. Look at that. He is and you will not believe where he is going next. The Amex dedicated card member entrance for the win. Unbelievable. When you get travel perks with Amex Platinum, you're part of the action. That's the powerful backing of American Express turn supply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash With Amex,


We get support from my mochi ice cream. Make your summer even sweeter with my Mochi ice cream. It's National Ice Cream Month. And my mochis Cool creamy ice cream. Wrapped in Sweet Soft Dough is the most delicious way to celebrate. It's like if you took ice cream and you wrapped it in my personal tummy. My mochi ice cream has all your favorite summer flavors like strawberry, mango, and cookies and cream. Each box contains six perfectly portioned gluten-free mochis that make for a great poolside snack or backyard barbecue dessert. Since my mochi ice cream is only around 80 calories per piece, You can feel guilt-free celebrating National Ice Cream month every single day. And guess who does me? I love Cookies and Cream by Mochi Ice cream. Like I had plenty of that, but I just read that they have a new one called Cereal and Milk Mochi. Are you kidding me? It's like it was made for me. I can't wait to try the cereal and milk mochi. If it's anything like I imagine I'm gonna have like 50 of them in one sitting experience the joyfully chill sensation of my mochi ice cream. You can find my mochi at Target. Or go to my mochi.com to find your nearest grocery store.


We get support from Happy Egg. Now lemme tell you, there's something truly special about starting your day with a sunny side up that has that deep orange yolk just bursting with flavor. Right? That's the Happy Egg Promise at Happy Egg. All of their hens roam on eight or more acres of land, leaving no mystery to why their eggs are the best they are cared for by small family farmers and live their best hen lives day in and day out. Aside from their hens roaming across eight plus acres of farmland, they have plenty of access to fresh water and nutritious feed. This goes above the traditional free range farming, but it's what they believe is better for their birds overall. Lemme tell you, lemme tell you something, lemme tell you how great they taste. Okay with an orange rich yolk like these things, it makes all the difference in the world. I don't want that pale yellow, that stale yellow color. I want that rich sunburnt orange color that's on the horizon when the sun's about to set inside of my egg. I don't want a sad egg, I want a happy egg. Next time you're at the store, look for the yellow carton. Choose happy with Happy Egg. Visit happy egg.com/smartlist to find a store near you.


Alright, back to the show. By the way, backing way up to the beginning of this interview. What is Barat? What is the nationality of Baratza Italian? Oh, it is. First of all, don't Spit it out like that. T The fuck is haze. The fuck? Fuck the fuck is Sean. Sorry Nate. Jesus. Never I And by the way, What the fuck is Bark Gut? I've just never heard of. It's really been a be in my bonnet for a minute. How do you even spell that? I know. I can't even begin to spell it. I I kind of, I knew that, but I forgot that I knew that Italian. Wow. Yeah. I think we say it wrong as a family too. I think it's supposed to be bartzi and we say Barett, like it's just, we've southern it up.


Oh, I Say Bartzi. Yeah. I think a lot of people would, some people say that when I went to new, when I lived in New York, they would always be like, Zi. 'cause it's like Italian And I was like, you know, you know, I was like, I don't like tomatoes. Do you have family in Italy? I Don't. You know, you don't know we're, yeah, right, exactly. I think we've all agreed to kind of go, we had a family reunion once and we had family come over from Italy and we got Kentucky Fried Chicken for em At The And I think it was like, from that moment was just kind of like, all right, y'all have a good life. We did it. We're gonna do our thing. Y'all do y'all's thing. And we just kind of gone our separate ways. Nate, what do you like to do? Do you, in your free time and you've got a lot of time like on a bus or you're touring or on the plane or whatever, what do you, what do you watch?


What are the things, are you sports guide, do you like to, do you watch other standups? Do you watch It's a candy crush? What, what's, what? How are you occupying your minutes? I, yeah, I'm a big sports guy, so I, I watch a lot of golf. Like any, any sports golf. U-F-C-U-F-C. Oh, you do? Yeah. I'm a big fan of UFCI. I wanted to, I wanted to peg that. I wanted to pegged you for a big, It's just the most, I the honesty of it with like Dana White, just in the fighters, they can say whatever they want. Right. And so there's no, you know, like when Tom Brady's, is he gonna retire? Not retire? It's like, it's all kind of a game in a show. Yeah. And UFC kind of really is like, well you just gotta do that. Just says, I want to fight this guy.


Right. And then the it just gets to it and you're, I don't know. I kind of like, I love it, but There's, but there's no, there's no romance to that too though, right? Like, they kind of, it's just The buildup to it. And, I mean, then they get into, you know, then they don't like each other. And then you're, you know, and then you go in there and watch 'em fight. It's not just watching a street fight. You're watching two professionals that have to like, fill each other out. Yeah. So you watch UFC, you watch golf, you like to play golf. You play golf when you're on the road. Some it gets hard, but it's 'cause of the shows and stuff. But yeah, I'll play some on the road. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. I, I mean, it's, it's kind, it, I mean, I don't know. It's like you just running around, got a lot stuff, a lot of hanging out. Like the road is the most fun 'cause it's just like a bunch of dudes.


And you know, this morning we went in s we're in Syracuse and this place has a hot and cold plunge thing Sure. And Will Loves Boo. So I've never done it. And then, so, but they let us come in. So like, we woke up and did that. Wait, Who's boo? Who's Boo Weekly? I, I read, I saw something. Oh yeah. What is that? So I, this is another, I told it on s And I tell it in my act too, but it boo Weekly. 'cause I have a joke about fighting orangutan at a county fair. Okay. And Where I read the story was, there's a golfer named Boo Weakley. And when he read, He said when he was 15, he got in, he goes to this county fair. He's from like, Geor, like seven, seven Georgia.


It is like the eighties, you know. And there you could pay $5 to fight an orangutan and ring tank would be in a, a boxing ring with boxing gloves, Oh My God. And so Dudes would pay $5 to fight 'em. And that's hysterical. Yeah. And then guys would get in there and this ring table would just knock people out. Because when I say this, how I tell the whole story in my act, but I say, 'cause we didn't have the internet to look up how strong is an orangutan you have. It was all word of mouth back then. So, you know, you had to lead a guy that just fought an orangutan. Right. And he's like, he's stronger than you think, you know, you're like, well, the, but the arms are so skinny.


You, I know. That's but the reach I thought as well And the reach. Yeah. It's, It's the reach. It's the jabs jab. Look At his feet. His feet bigger than you. Yeah. That streak comes from somewhere. And they'll rip your face off too, if they want. Well, That's what Boo Wiley said. He goes, that's not ridden everywhere. Back in 1982, when you're fighting the ranking, the guy that does this doesn't go all you sign a waiver For Sure. Yeah. You don't realize till afterwards, like, that's why he has gloves on. If it, if this thing can, if if it gets the gloves off, there's a chance it will rip your head off. So, but you know, what are you do ride the scrambler again? Yeah. That's really, oh, I wonder if that's still in existence anywhere in the country.


I bet there's Still place. I think they, so they, Peter I think Peter got ahold of a lot of this. Yeah, sure. And that's, They knocked those things down And that one, they were like, you can't do that. We're like, all right. We thought they liked it. I'm glad you just had to tell us. And we got rid of it. Fair enough. Nate, what are you gonna do today before the show? Tell 'em you're busy. It was this, and then I, yeah, it was just this. I don't have any like, so you're packed. I gotta re where I'm, I'm messing up some the order a little bit. So I'll do that a little. And then we'll just hang out and be at the venue. If there's, we do try to shoot basketball like some of these arenas, if they have a basketball goal somewhere, we'll try to like, mess around, shoot basketball, just kind of, you know, do whatever until That's nice.


Showtime. And then you're going, and then you're going on tour. You're gonna, you got a new special, you're shooting a new special in, In Phoenix. Yeah. You love Phoenix. You love, you've taught, you did another, you did your last special in Phoenix, right? I did my last special there. And this one's gonna be in the footprint center where the suns play. So it's, wow. It's, yeah. It's, it's, yeah. I mean, it just kind of works out like touring wise. Like, you just hit these towns like every two years or so. And so it just kind of like, And your family goes with you? Or do they stay home or They do some, yeah. Yeah. We went to Europe. Like they came to Europe, they come to the, you know, they're not here in Syracuse or Albany, but they, if they're, I'm doing the Boston Garden, they're gonna come to Boston and Tell 'em to join you out in Phoenix.


And for some of the, the best pizza in the world as voted by the, the, the, the voters By the people at Chris Bianco's. At Chris Bianco's Pizza. Go get some Can Nate, can you do, I saw you do this one thing a long time ago. You don't have to do it by, if you're like, I gotta go. But one of the funniest things that made saw you Dom. Sorry. Sorry dude. Do you want me to stand up and do my act? Do you mind? Yeah. I mean, can You Can you just show us your tits real quick and then, and then go to Sean. Would You mind doing it topless? Sorry. Show us your tits. No, the one of the funniest things was, I, it was a story about your meeting your wife's ex-boyfriend. Yeah. On the boat.


Yeah. Yeah. I went, yeah, we went, I gotta remember it, but we went to, it happened. We're on the lake, old Hickory Lake. Is that True? Yeah. And we're in, we're like in the water. And then it's my wife's ex-boyfriend was on another boat. Right. And didn didn't see him. And she pointed out like there's no reason to point it out and, but she pointed it out. So then, yeah, like, all I can think of now, like I'm, I'm thinking about him, like, and then I, I look at her and she's looking at him And, I feel like she's looking at him to see what her life would be like if she didn't marry me. Yeah. And I was looking at him to see what my life would be like if I didn't marry her.


So we're both putting a lot of pressure on this guy. Yeah. And then my buddy told me, he, he was like, you should go fight him. And. I was like, what? I gotta like, he's on a boat. Like I got, I gotta swim over to that fight. Yeah. Have you ever tried to climb in a boat from water? It's not, It's Not graceful. It's not easy. Uhuh, you don't come in with power. I would need his help To start the fight. Right, right. I think That was. Yeah, That was, That was, yeah. It's so funny. But I just mean we've, we can all relate to meaning X exes, you know, our, our currents exes. I dont if it's never good, but I, Yeah. I don't, my, I, yeah, I don't really have exes, but, All Right. Well, I got Whatcha Talking about Nate?


No, Hang on a A second, Nick. I know. I didn't go. I know, but that's what made it frustrating. I don't, I I had no one to go show my wife. Well, here's mine. It was as you gonna meet. What do you Mean? Because you, what, is she your high school sweetheart or something? No, we started dating like 2021 We met at Applebee's. We both waited tables at Apple. I was a host at the time, but, Oh, that's great. I love that. Well, you don't need to scream. Yeah. I Mean, little stuff is going, You know, sounds like it's, it's all good in the neighborhood or what do we We got, Yeah, we're all in the neighborhood. We're all in the neighborhood or something. Yeah. In the neighborhood. But we're big fans. We took our daughter. What's, what Was your favorite thing on the applebee menu? Here we go. They did chicken, chicken, broccoli, Alfredo. I'd get no broccoli, you know?


Yeah. Get that outta there. I hear you. And then I'd say put it on the side just so the guy thinks I'm going to eat it. Then he would just take a full plate of broccoli back after I go, ah, I got full on the other stuff. It's, that's so true. Like, we, like, we're worried what they think. Yeah. Yeah. What, watch this. Do you think that's impressive? Sean Applebee's menu backwards. Go, go cobbler apple cobbler Of, of those kind of, those kinds of restaurants. Chinese chicken salad. Pretty Good. I'll eat that. Every, every place makes a Chinese chicken salad. Now that's like, that's kinda like the new, you know, molten lava cake. Every place has a Chinese chicken.


Yeah. Well, what Makes it, what makes it a Chinese chicken salad? It's just 'cause of the ginger dressing. They're the only ones that don't eat it. Get And those, those, those crispy noodles. The crispy noodles and the Yeah, you get The crispy Chin. Chin. No, listen. Sean, I don't have to tell you. Chin, chin, chin, chin, chin does the best one. Yeah. One of the best ones. One of the, one of the best Ones's on Third Sean. His chin, chin, chin. Wait. So of all those kinds of restaurants, I, I forget what you call 'em. Are they big box restaurants? No. Chain restaurants. Chain restaurants. Have Y'all not been to one in a while? Like just, it's Been, it's been a minute. But I did like to see in your new specialist. Nate says, everything, everything I learned, I don't know a lot that came from a big, like, like a building, like a, a higher education building.


Everything I learned, I overheard it. A target or a low's? A low's Line at low's. Everything I overheard Target Or lows. Yeah. We're big chain. I mean, I grew up like we're a, you know, I an old joke about like, I was a big, I don't like mom and pop shops 'cause they can close just, they're like, we don't feel good today. And they close like Walmart. Walmart, you know, they were mom and pop shops at some point and then they became, they got it together and became unreal. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. I like those too. I like mom and Pop Chili. Here's what I like. I like Chili's chili and I'm, I'm not chili, I'm not afraid to sit. Chili Chili, they have great modern, they have the great chocolate lava cake. If you want one, go to Chili's.


Go To Chili. And they also have the great, they used to have the Southwest egg rolls or whatever. They used to have those things that were cream. Me and Dax used to always go to God. I love a Chili's. What about Outback? They any good with the bloom and onions? Yeah. Yeah. We go to Outback a good bit. Outback Scotty. Scotty worked at TGIF and he would, oh, I Used to love that. That's Good. That's Fun. That's an intimidating menu. Dr. Pepper's doing some pretty amazing things right now. So if you're into Dr. Pepper diet, Dr. Pepper, they got, is that right? Good stuff going on. Some cherry, right? They got some, like some soda, like cream soda, strawberry stuff. I mean, it's, it's something, dude, they're, they're showing off over there. Did we ever get any confirmation on, on, on, on the doctor portion of the pepper?


Like did they, did we ever see documentation to prove that he graduated? Well, he suggest diet. He, he's just Diet. What kind of doctor was he? Yeah, I mean, Dr. Pep, he was a, I do like diet Dr. I do like diet Dr. Pepper too. And I'm gonna say this, I like their ads. I like their TV ads. Yeah. I think they're funny. The college, you're right. Football ads. I think they're real clever. Nate, before I let you go, how do you know Greg Garcia? How did that happen? This son of a gun, speaking of Son of a Guns. So I, we, I've, I've tried to make a bunch of shows that have never gone. We've had one show that we shot a pilot. And, and so Greg came in. I did not know him, but he came in. Danielle Sanchez with, she was a show running it.


And she's friends with Greg. And so Greg came in to help us do it. And I. I knew Greg Garcia's work, but I didn't know him when he first came in. So when he first came in and he's like, he's gonna help us And I was like, I don't know who this dude is. Yeah, I gotta listen to this guy. And then we wrote our whole rewrote the whole script on his off just his ideas. 'cause they were so good. And obviously he's unreal. Yeah. And so we just become really close and become friends. I I was just with him this week actually at dinner with him, because I had to go to LA for a second. And so he's, yeah, we became friends like that. And he's, he comes out on the road too.


I'm telling you, y'all, should y'all come out on the road? If you, if you want to get away and have a little fun trip, come on out. Dude, that would actually be really, really fun. If you mean it, it's A fun, Hey, If you mean it. I swear Fallon's coming tonight. Oh yeah. F we have a fun time. It's, you just, we play cards or you play, you know, like we, we went to a casino last night in Sean Philadelphia. I mean, first of all, this is your dream. They go to casino and they're, they're going to chain restaurants. I mean, you know, every, every single, every Cracker Barrel has got, got marks in front from Sean's car. Cracker Barrel is one we didn't touch on. I've not been there, but I hear that's the one Anywhere that can handle bus parking, all chain stuff.


Well, Greg Ey is one of the all time great guy, super, super funny guy. One of the funniest pranks. He always, I'm not really like a big pranks guy, but he's so funny. I had a long joke in a prank. And I. Just, he's such a great guy. So yeah, that makes sense that you guys would be pals. Well, listen, I, I'm gonna return the, the offer and say, next time you're out here in California, let's go play golf man. And, and hang out and grab some lunch. Such a huge fan of yours, dude. Honestly. Yeah. You're just the funniest, funniest, funniest dude. So funny. It's so good to see you. So exciting to see you. Just more and more and more people appreciate you, Really happy for your success. It truly, truly, truly. Yeah, man. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for, thanks for having me on.


Nate. Thank you for Doing this. What A thrill. Thank you for saying it. What a thrill. All right. The great Nate for Godsey. Thank you buddy. Thank you Nate. Thanks Nate. Thank you guys. See you Man. Bye buddy. Have fun. Bye. The great Nate. Great. Great Nate. Great Nate. God, Is he funny? Yep. Old, like old school. Clean, good. Hilarious. Nonstop fun. Hilarious. Yeah. God, He just seems like a real kind fella, you know? Yeah. I can't see him getting upset. I'm sure you could figure out a way to piss him off. How would you, what would be your strategy if you really wanted to get Nate pissed off? I'd ask him this. I'd ask him questions over, I'd ask him the same thing over and over again. Like, I didn't understand.


No, I think he'd be very patient with that. I don't think that would be his button. Pusher. No. Like, no, but like, if you, if you just went on and on about something, like you just really, honestly, truly didn't understand. I think it pisses anybody off. I wonder Like, what are you not getting? Right. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? No, but we have a pretty high threshold to like, we have a pretty decent amount of patience for you in that regard. We've Been What is the thing, what is the thing that gets you guys to anger quicker than anything else? Stupidity People. Stupidity. Yeah. People who don't think like I do, I have a short fuse for stuff. I, I, yeah. I don't suffer. I have a short fuse for like Yeah. People who are incompetent or like, can't like, like, like don't have common sense about like, easy things.


And then in the meantime, I'm the dumbest person on the planet. And, I probably do the same thing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I hate when, I hate when people like punch down, you know? Yes. And they're like mean to people. 'cause they know they Can't be. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's so lazy. Yeah. Yeah. It is Punch down either EEE either. Especially if it, you know, we, we do do a lot of joking around and we, and we love to sort of rib each other and stuff, but, but anytime I see somebody who likes to, and we talked about with Nate, who likes to get a laugh at somebody else's expense. Yeah, yeah. Or you know what else hits pisses me off. Confident ignorance. Mm.


That can also be super funny though. Yeah. Sometimes. Well, and the character, it can be right. You Have to do it on purpose. But yeah. A person who is much smarter or mu much more confident than they have a right to be right. Is just grading because you have to spend an effort to convince them that you're buying it. Right. But, but, but if you have no dog in that fight and you're just observing that person, it can be hilarious. Oh yeah. Yeah. That is true. That is true. You know what I mean? By the way, I love playing those characters. Yeah, I do too. You know too, too the character that's just, just an alpha everywhere and then the tough guy walks in and then they're beta Hi Beta. Right, right, right, right, right.


Exactly. But Nate, we should go see his show when he is out. He's so funny. I think We should meet him in Phoenix and go get some of that Bianco pizza And we should, and then play some golf over there. Are you not, you're not playing golf Anymore? Not till October until I have to be disciplined, you know? Mm, I know. I mean, we can go, we can go to Nate's Here it comes. There It comes. We can go to his show and like participate or we can go and just be a bunch of By bystander. So dumb when we do Smart, smart Less.


SmartLess is 100% organic and Artisanally handcrafted by Michael Grant. Terry Rob Arm, JF and Bennett Barco Smart Less. If you like SmartLess You can listen early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus in the Wondery App or on Apple Podcasts. Before you go, tell us about yourself by filling out a short survey at Wondery dot com slash survey.


Nancy's love story could have been ripped right out of the pages of one of her own novels. She was a romance mystery writer who happens to be married to a chef. But this story didn't end with a happily ever after. When I stepped into the kitchen, I could see that Chef Brophy was on the ground. And I heard somebody say, call 9 1 1. As writers, we'd written our share of murder mysteries. So when Suspicion turned to Dan's wife, Nancy, we weren't that surprised. The first person they look at would be the spouse. We Understand that's usually the Way they do it. But we began to wonder, had Nancy gotten so wrapped up in her own novels, there are murders in all of the books that she was playing them out in real life. Follow Happily, Never, After Dan and Nancy on the Wondery app or wherever you get your podcasts. You can binge all episodes of Happily, Never, After, Dan and Nancy early and ad free right now by joining Wondery Plus.