
So summertime is in full swing. And a lot of times Scotty And I will have some friends over for like a quick pool gathering around our little pool in the backyard. And, and we're like, what can make this better? You know what can make this better? Macy's? Yes, that's correct. Macy's is here for all your big and small summer moments, all of your summer's greatest hits from your next pool party or barbecue to a sandy beach day and even that weekend away to visit the grandparents like swimsuits and coverups, beach towels and sandals, plus pool toys, serveware grill tools, and outdoor dining essentials. Literally everything you need to throw this Summer's biggest Bash shop in stores and at macy's dot com slash summer hits


Sonic. Cut through the mundane and make life exciting with Sonic's Delicious burgers, fries, and ice cream. Sonic. And now try the new Sonic Smasher. Sonic Smasher. It has two Angus beef seasoned patties, smashed and seared, crispy on the edges and juicy in the middle. Sonic Smasher. The Sonic Smasher is then layered with two slices of melty American cheese, a signature creamy and tangy smasher sauce, crinkle cut pickles, diced onions, and served on a pillowy soft potato bun. Soft Buns. It's melty and juicy, yet crispy, making it the perfect burger bite. Melty and juicy. Try the Sonic Smasher now. Live Free. Eat Sonic. Sonic.


Hey everybody. Hey. It's a podcast. It's SmartLess and you have hosts. Sean Will Jason Here comes here. It comes here. It goes Fast. Oh yeah. Welcome. SmartLess. Smart, smart. Last. Smart, blessed. You know what I said to Scotty yesterday? I said, you know This, can we guess, can we Guess what you said? Sure. Scotty. Yesterday. Go. Will you go first? I'll go second. Did. you touch my sprinkles.


Jay, do you have a guess? I'm still riding it, but it's got, it's, it's somewhere in the Star War, star Trek fight cannon. Okay. You know? Okay. No, I said to him, concept cars, they Should we put a love seat in the toilet? No, I said, I said concept cars are such a waste of time because they're such a tease. Like they're these really cool cars and they never make them. It's like, why don't they just make them? Sometimes They do and they take pieces, pieces of them. Now I feel like that Tesla super truck or whatever the hell it is, it looks like an absolute joke rolling around the Road.


Oh, you mean you mean the douche identifier? Douche. We had a feeling you were a dick and now it's confirmed. Yeah. It looks like a silver eighties tank or something. It's just, yeah. I love it. So Distracting. I love it. 'cause you do, you do get to see you. Like where are all the d where are all the douche? There? They, there's one there. Then you can just stay away. It does look like a concept car. And then they went to production on it. It's like, oh yeah, It's the dumbest. But Some of the concept cars that, like all these companies make, they're so cool. And then you're like, well, okay, well, where do you get one of those? And they never make 'em. Sure. It's like couture. It's Like, it's like, Oh, sorry, Jason, go ahead. Well, so what they do in the fashion world is they'll go ahead and they'll make stuff just for the fashion show.


This Henley, for instance, can't be found. Jason, I'm gonna and will please come by. But you're gonna be in New York. Amanda and Maple are coming over for dinner next week. What? Wow. Yeah. God dammit. What night? Wednesday. Come over. Oh, I'm gonna be gone. I'll be gone by then. Wonderful. Wonderful. Huh? Jay, would you say you're at the, you're at the cutting edge of fashion, by the way. 'cause I noticed you wearing some rag and bone jeans, which reminded me of 2011 And I thought. Here's my guy. Listen, Things are great back here in 2011. So anyway, listen, we could do this forever, all day. And, I'm, I'm sure our guest is just riveted by what we're saying. But I I can tell you something that I am, I'm riveted when she's performing, I am riveted.


And by riveted I mean generally laughing the entire time. I think it's, it's so rare when, or it, it's so special when a, when a performer comes along that just kind of constantly, every time you see them, they exceed expectations and then they just surprise you with their comedy. She is somebody who makes you laugh for a moment, moment, so it's not Cher. And then the next time it's not Cher. And she makes you laugh in ways that you're like, and, and she has that unique thing also of every time you hear a joke, not, not only are you laughing, you're thinking, I can't believe I didn't think of that. It's so brilliant. And it's, and it's, and she keeps topping herself. She's had a million specials.


She had a new special. Sorry, what color Is her hair? Well, you'll see, I was gonna guess she has a new special that just came out on HBO Max or whatever they call it, on May 11th. And, but she really, really rocketed herself this year in the ultimate roast of Tom Brady. You guys, it's the none other than the most hilarious Nikki. Glaser Oh. my God. Nikki Glaser. There. She's Good morning. Hey guys. Ha. Wait, are you, are you at the, what intro are you in the back of a coffee shop? Where are you? She's watching. I'm a Comedy store podcast studio. Truly. Oh no, really? I'm visiting La And I wasn't gonna fuck around with you guys. I wasn't gonna trust my wifi at my hotel.


I needed like a real studio. This is the real deal. Are Are you not an you're, you're not an Angeleno? No. I live in St. Louisan. So You did, you about moved back to St. Louis full-time? I did. I did. Wow. I went back during Covid just to hang out with my parents and my family. Yeah. And then it lifted And. I was just like, no one even knows I'm here. I can just go to LA and people in LA think I'm in New York and people in LA or New York think I'm in la Isn't the crime rate huge there? Yeah. In certain parts. All Right. Wonderful. Oh, Well, Sean, like, like combining The internet for, I just read, I just read that about St. Louis. No, it's, we have the, we have the highest crime, but it's, we, it's really, it's That can't be true. That's gotta be like a per capita qualifier.


Well, Nikki, what's the number one crime that's going on there? Probably Carjackings and murder. Carjackings and murder. Well, I guess that, I guess that's alarming. It's not errors at third base. You know, you got that Nolan on over there, you know. There we go. Good for you. Yeah. Oh wow. But it's, yeah, you just gotta avoid parts of town. But it's, it's a segregated city. It's not the greatest for that. Right. You just, yeah, it's, yeah. We still have issues in St. Louis. Wow. Can we revisit my lesson on Kansas? Kansas City. Kansas City in Missouri? Yeah, Because I was in such, I was shamed by it. I hard into sort of a blackout And I. Don't really remember what I learned. Don't do this to yourself. Know it should be fast.


Kansas City is in Kansas or in Missouri? Both. It's Both. Yeah. So it straddles the border between the two states. Is That right? Oh no. I thought there were two separate ones. No, you see, No Wait, I think there's two separate. Wait, how, you know, But they're, but they're, but they're kind of next. They're next to each other. They are, They are. They're se they really, everybody Sounds gray on this just like me. So I'm not so dumb. It's confusing. I don't know if it's one that's separated, but I No, I think they're separate. They have to be separate because they are in different, you can't have a city cut in two today, Can you? Maybe you can't. What about, what about Minneapolis? Wait, what? It's not up there. It's not, So it says, I just Googled it. It says it remains two separately. Incorporat.


They're right across from each other. They are, Wait, say it again. Sean. It says it's two separately incorporated cities, but together along with a number of other cities and suburbs as part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. Yeah. Separate. There's, They're right, they incorporated, They're next to each other. But does, is there a picture of it? Sean? Does it straddle the border. I See. Yeah. And, and if so, like where Partially there's a river in, in between them and then partially it just goes right down state lines. But it's One has the chiefs and one has meth. I don't know. I can't know. One has meth, one has the Chiefs. Yeah. Well, wait, who, who has, who has the royals? I think that's, I think Missouri. Wait, Missouri Plain that They're both Missouri. Yeah. Missouri has the royals. Wait, No, it's Kansas. Wait. No, no. I think Kansas. my God, it's Kansas City, Missouri is the one that's like everyone knows about.


And Kansas City, Kansas is next to it. Yeah. It's not fair. Right. So Kansas City, Missouri is for the Chiefs. Kansas City, Kansas is probably for the Royals, correct? I don't, Is that true? Sean? Oh boy. I it's On the border. Can't can I, can I tell you something right now? I never learned how to read a Map. No, they both play, they also play in, in Missouri. Just for what it's worth. They, they all are in Missouri. Okay. It's Missouri. Yes. All right. It's on the other side. St. Louis is on one side and Kansas City is on the other. The And I. Did And I get started in comedy in Kansas City? So I know, I should know. I went to school in Kansas at LO in University of Kansas. Oh. But I don't know these things. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. It's not, that's not Kansas University though. Home of the Jayhawk.


Wait, no, it is University Kansas. No, it's University of Kansas. But They say ku. It's nothing Makes sense. Everything's all fucked. Where I've from, fucked up over there. I, I don't really like, I gotta get out of there. I I, I'm second guessing everything. Hey guys, can I just take a poll? You Mean this podcast? Or Do we, do we feel satiated on this? Do we feel good? Yeah, I feel good about it. JB, how do you, I'm still a little confused. I'm gonna do a separate Google later. Okay, good. Nikki, obviously we want to get to the roast because it's, it's interesting you've talked about it. Ad nauseum mean you must be so fucking Sick of it. I mean, well, I, it's natural not gonna be boring to me 'cause I haven't it yet. Okay. Okay. Good. I saw it. You, you were like, you were incredible. I mean, it was Sean The, I first met you was on the Rob Lowe Was No, but, but I made a big impression.


It was the Alec Baldwin one. Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. The Alec Bald one. Yes. Okay. Sorry. And you said one of the funniest jokes about me, And I. Still repeat it today to friends. What did I say? You said you said deliver was deliver. Perfect. You said Sean. Hayes. Oh my gosh. Will and Grace was the best you could do. I I love this. So you Recycled that joke. You did jealous. Yeah. Because that's a good one that you can just use for anything you surround buddy. Yeah. Like, you're like, yeah. I talk about, like, I have a bit about my boyfriend and, you know, we break up and date other people and then I look back at him. And, I. Just think Oh my God. Like after dating all these guys, I'm just like, he's the best I can do. Right. And that's, so I've, I've realized that's joke.


I've recycled that one. Yeah. It's a, that Works. It's a, but I, I fan out. Fanned out on your backstage. I just think you're hysterical. Oh, That Was such an, and, and It Interesting when you fan out, that meant a lot to me. Well, thanks. But I I it's true what the, these Roasts that they be, they become a place to discover people. But I feel like you were already discovered, but for some reason, this last one, everybody acts like they found you. But it's like, but it's Nicky gr She's been around forever and she's been brilliant forever. So what did that feel like? The, to be like, wait, I've been here. What are you guys all talking about? I didn't feel that way. I kind of was like, yeah, this, I've never been like, when is everyone gonna notice And? I just kind of, I really just take what comes to me And.


I never really wanna like, fight for people to care about me. I want people to care about me on their own time. Yeah. Yeah. So I've, I've kind of been like, okay, when they do, they do. And, and felt pretty relaxed about it. But this was, I mean, it was insane. It was just like kind of an overnight thing that I never expected would happen in my career. I've always expected it just to be very slow and gradual. And I kind of liked the level of fame I had achieved. It's comfortable. I'm not that recognizable. My life isn't like disrupted by it ever. But there's some perks to it. And, But now it's changed. It sounds perfect. I want for nothing and I'm just good. It's like I can say no to things if I want. Yeah. But now it's like I'm more, it was a huge bump overnight.


And I'm sure you guys have experienced that in your careers as well. And it's just More, I've had a lot people, Jason, he's had a lot of bumps on My head. Yeah. He took a lot of bump. Sometimes I put 'em all together and make a nice fat lie. Sure, sure. Remember the, wait. So Nikki, do you find, like now you're at the airport and people are like, people are like, roast me, burn me. Yeah. They don't, they, they don't say that. Thank God, because I don't, it would be so mean coming out right away. And sometimes I, I will go there, but no, thank God they don't do that. They just say, did we go to camp together? You know, that kind of thing. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Like, where do I know? Because I usually look like shit when I'm traveling. So you, I don't really look that recogniz by that.


I don't, I I really do not look the same. Same. I I always steal that line. That DI that Dax said years ago. And I use it all the time. People go when they have that moment of confusion, they go, I think I know you And I go. Yeah. I used to work at Subway around the corner And they go 'cause everyone's frequented at a subway. Yeah. And they're like, and then they're like, maybe he made me a sandwich. Yeah. Maybe this is The guy. Yeah. And that's good. Seems old to be working in the subway, Don't you guy? I've, I, the reason I've never seen a roast, I think is because I, I, some I get too cringey. Yeah. It gets so tight because I get it. I think that poor person is gonna have all these very good natured jokes. Right. They're hard hitting jokes. But, but the whole, everybody knows the, the game here is that we're gonna like, say nasty things about.


But like, for, for the most part, that person doesn't know these people. Yeah. And so like, where do these, I I just don't know how that goes down. Okay. Yeah. For the subject of it, I think what I think you have, you can opt to not be a part of it. And when you opt to be a Part of it, you could say no to it. Sure. You, you, you know that consent. But can you say no to even, to, to being there? Like basically not be attending your funeral effectively? No. And just come No, no, no. So you have to be there. No, I don't. I think you have To Be there. No, you have to be there. Yeah. That'd be weird if you're like, Hey, let's just have a night where we shit on so and so and then he's knowing that he's at home going like, what the Fuck? Although it'd be pretty funny. Yeah. Oh. But then the person has to like, pretend to laugh the whole time and pretend to be kind of like, okay.


Like Your feelings do get hurt. Like you can go in thinking, oh, they're only gonna go this far and then they go further. I know, I've, I've seen it happen where they don't plan on you going there. Yeah. And they don't, they, they just, And that's really the only way to get to the huge laughs too, is what it gets super uncomfortable. Right? Yes, of course. And to say that, like, I went some places on the Tom Brady Roast that I thought other people would go to and they didn't. And I was the only one that kind of said those names or brought up those subjects that were kind of sore for him and you. And it is crazy. Like I've seen old roast clips of like, I don't like to watch myself. So when I come up on my own feed, I'm like, Ugh, get outta here. Right. But when I was preparing for this roast, I was like, okay, try to channel what you've done in the past.


You've done, you gotta watch what people like about you. I don't even, you know, I just do it and then I don't watch it again. So I'm just like, watch it again and see what you bring to this. 'cause it had been four years since I'd done one. So I watched one And I was like, who the fuck do you think you are Saying this to people? Yeah. Yeah. You told Alec Baldwin all of this. Like, what? Like, I just didn't recognize this girl And. I'm like, she's got balls, but she's also like a psychopath. Like, I just didn't, I really didn't, I couldn't believe that I did it, but I was like, I guess I have to channel that again. And you really just, they're set. Tom Brady's just set in your periphery a little bit back enough that you can't really see him when you're performing. Right. Right, right, right. So it helps. Does anybody know if any of these rows have ever gone wrong?


Where the subject just like says, whoa, whoa, whoa, fuck you and gets up and Leaves? Well, I read, I read the Tom Brady thing Right? A little bit. Oh yeah. I, I just, I I, it was a moment I just kind of read little blurbs. Was he upset? Do you know? Or he was A Yeah, I think he, like re He said that he, in hindsight kind of regrets it. IFII don't really, he doesn't regret He was glad he did it, but he didn't know that we would go some places. I don't really know how he feels about it, but I, I totally see what he means. Because I think you go into these things thinking that they're, you just don't know what people will dig up about you. Right. And see in you when they study you and look at your face that way. But No one's ever gotten up and stopped it in the middle of it and just like left and just gotten Pissed.


I think, I think there was one joke at a Comedy Central one where it was about, it was like a Paul Walker joke that Ludicrous was there and he's friends with him, obviously. And he got up and like walked off stage, I think there, but they cut it later. I think there was something like that that happened. Got She got, yeah. I, you know, one of my favorite was, I don't know what happened to her. She was so funny. Lisa Lampanelli. Oh, oh so good. She was really, really funny. And then it, she quit. She quit. Yeah. Did she really? What Happened? She does self, she does like self-help talks now. So she's like a motivational speaker now. But she got out of it 'cause she was like, it's too mean. Yeah. It's tough. Yeah, It's Tough. Right. She was, she Was one Of the best, she was one of the best. She, one of my favorite jokes that she said during the roast of William Shatner was she was going through his, his credits, you know, and she goes, remember TiVo when before, you know, before DVRs there was TiVo.


Yeah, yeah. We got it. And, and it made if you, if if you liked something, it would suggest other things, you know? Yeah. And so she goes up there and she goes, yeah, William Shatner. I try to TI try to TiVo TJ Hooker once. And TiVo suggested I punch myself in the cunt. See, that's great. That's a great joke. And you can handle it. It's been gone, it's been off the air for a while. You can have with some distance. Right. A Sean was Scotty just in a violent rage throughout the whole William Shatner roast? He didn't Watch it. He didn't watch that. Right. He, he watched it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. No, he, he enjoyed it. And Betty White, Betty White was on the panel and she got up and told like, really crass jokes.


It was so funny to see Betty White tell crass jokes. Yeah. I, I loved one of my old, like from one of the early ones, That was on Comedy Central years ago was something about Andy Dick. I, I forget who said it, it might have been Jeff. Jeff Ross. I wouldn't fuck Andy. Andy Dick with B Arthur's dick. Yeah. Is that what it was? Yes. The fucking great. It was Something like, and then they cut to B Arthur. Like what? Yeah. The reaction shots are always the best. Yeah. That, that really sells it too. Is that you gotta have the person that you're making fun of when they're cutting to them live that really will like, make or break what people thought of your joke. Right? Yeah. If they're laughing along, We'll be right back.


You know, guys, life is full of reasons to celebrate. Right? Like saying yes to your new home, getting the keys to the dream car, or finally taking that vacation you deserve. With the State Farm personal price plan, you can keep celebrating when you create an affordable price just for you by bundling home and auto. So bring out the confetti and break out those happy dance moves. Bundling just another way to save with the personal price plan. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Our show is sponsored by BetterHelp, as most of our listeners know by now. And I'm sorry I have to repeat it, but I portray to Oscar Lavan on Broadway, best known as a concert pianist as well as a composer, conductor and actor. But what a lot of people don't know is that he was totally ahead of his time and that he spoke openly about his mental health issues on live television. It was kind of revolutionary at the time. We've come a long way since then, but many people still have trouble discussing mental health. Like there's a stigma attached to it when there shouldn't be. But trust me, there is no stigma because if you don't take care of your mental health, nothing else in your life is ever going to be right. A good way to do that is with BetterHelp, since it's entirely online, BetterHelp is far more convenient than in-person therapy and is suited to your schedule. Start by filling out a brief questionnaire, then connect with a licensed therapist via phone, video, text, or chat. So a lot of people know this too. I did a show called Promises Promises in 2010, and it was really difficult. And I, I, we, I hit like this mental block and so I sought therapy to get through that mental block. It was like I got a little bit of stage fright, And I didn't know what the underlying issue was. And because of therapy, I, I made a major breakthrough. And I could sing again. I could act again on live stage. It was a pretty big deal at the time, but Therapy got me through it and I'll, I'll never forget it. You can visit BetterHelp dot com slash SmartLess for 10% off your first month. That's better. hlp.com/ SmartLess.


Hey, look at you florist by day, student by night, student by day nurse by night. Since 1998, Penn State World Campus has led the charge in online education offering access to more than 200 degree and certificate programs taught by our expert faculty. We offer flexible schedules, scholarships, and tuition plans to help you reach your educational goals online. Penn State World Campus delivers on your time. Click the add or visit world campus.psu.edu to learn more.


Alright, back to the show. So how did you first get, were they just like, Hey listen, who's a really, who's got a really shitty disposition? Nikki Glaser. Let's get her in here. Yeah. She's a really, she's really mean to people. Yeah. It, it started early. Like I, I remember I wrote, you know, jokes for people who were doing the Roast early on. And then I did, Jeff Ross had a show called The Burn on Comedy Central. And I had a show on Comedy Central at the time. So they threw me on that. And I had a really good showing on that. I just knew it was a place that I would really excel. And I needed to prove myself to Comedy Central for them to even consider me. So I worked really hard to do that. TV show, And I did a great showing. And then, and then people don't really wanna do roast.


So it's like, you know, they probably asked Whitney Cummings that year. They asked Amy Schumer and then they, Natasha Leggiero and they probably didn't wanna do it. And so they called up me and last minute, you know, you get booked like a week before and you go, okay, and then you have a good one. And then they ask you back the next time. And every time I kind of go, I don't know if I wanna do this. 'cause it's so much work. And I would really, I would always have like a mental breakdown right before it and think, what am I doing? I'm gonna bomb and like cry and have panic attacks about it. I don't know if you guys relate to that, where you would say yes to things Of course. And then you do them and you go to let, I'll never do this again. Yeah. JB, tell her, tell her our rule that Matt Damon taught us. What, which about Oh, Which is, which is the And I thought it, and you should apply this actually.


Well, it was Ben who told Matt, who told, but He said, He said, if somebody asks you to do something and you can start using this from this moment forward, Nikki, if somebody asks you to do something like two Months down the line, you Know, hey, like six months, come and show up at this thing. Say to yourself, ask yourself, would I want to do it tomorrow? Oh, that's so good. So good. If you Don't wanna do It tomorrow, say No. It's unbelievably effective. Yeah. You know What? I would, even though I would go, do you wanna do it now? Sure. Because even tomorrow sometimes I'm like, I'll be different tomorrow. But yeah, I'm always, that's such a great, but I, but this, this though, I, I need time to prepare. So I don't know how to answer that, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what ask me, I always wanna do it because I'm like, the exposure, the potential of it.


And then you get in it and it's like destroying my relationships, destroying my life. It's, it's making me self-doubt all the time. And then, and then it's over. And I'm like, That was the greatest. I can't wait to do it again. Yeah. And then everyone in my life goes, what do you mean you wanna do that again? But this time around, I actually implemented a system where I was happy the whole time. And, I have I know how to do it now. And, I can't wait to do it again. But the three before destroyed my life. I, I I, I totally relate to that. And obviously none of us, the three of us is, is a standup. But I, I, every, anytime I'm asked to kind of go and host something, you know, charity thing or whatever, or so much work, A is a lot of work. But b, every single time I do it, I become a bigger and bigger grouch leading up to the day, leading up to the moment.


And I'm fucking in the worst place. And then you do it and everybody's, and, and it works. And you're like, That was fucking great. And everybody in your life is like, yes. Fuck man, you were a dick for the last two weeks. Yes. It's the dread. Every Time People have told me that no one hates what they are going to do more than you all the time. And then when I do it, even when I'm like about to go, when I'm on stage with a microphone, having the time of my life, unless I'm like bomb, you know, like, so something's totally wrong. But as soon as I'm performing, I'm in it. I'm doing great. But dread constantly up until that moment, And I think, that's just, I don't the way it goes. Nikki, Do you allow yourself to think, because you were saying earlier that you're really happy with, with where you find yourself.


Like you've got, you've got, you've got the right amount of, you've got an, an amount of relevance that you really enjoy, but also a a a nice amount of anonymity where you still, yeah. You know, you can go to the grocery store, et cetera, et cetera. Do you allow yourself to think forward, you know, a year, five years, 10 years? Do you allow to, do you allow yourself to think about goals and stuff like that? Where, where do you, where do you want to go? Do you know? No. And I wanna ask you guys about it too? Do you have goals or do you just keep saying yes to things as you go And see where it takes you? 'cause I kind Of just say yes to where it takes me. And I, if you look At my credit, see that? I say yes to a lot of Shit. We do a lot of switch backing. You know, we don't go right up the hill. It's a this is for another podcast, but I'm a, I'm a freak about goal setting and writing them down and all that stuff.


You are for, for years and years and years. Are you Teasing a new, a new podcast right now? Sean? What's the Sean new podcast? What's it called? Sean Sounds Exciting. We be a part of it. Are we producing it with you? What's No, no. Sean Sean is a task master. He's just like, our joke is Sean takes like, if, if an email comes to the three of us about some sort of business thing. Yeah. Within 12 seconds before he thinks of his answer, he's, he's responded. How? I like to just check it off my list though. I I don't like to have anything in my inbox. I'm just Me too. I've absolutely cleaned inbox. Really? Yeah. They'll keep any, and I'm like, oh, I'm opposite. I need 24 hours to think about it. I'm like, I'm not answering you. And then someone needs to text me. Hey, you need to respond to that email. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I Do. That my email has just moved to texting. Yeah.


Yeah. But Nikki, I, so for like, the Goalless thing, the goalless thing, I, since I'm like 22, 23 years old, I've been writing down goal lists and their stream of conscious goal lists. Like, I'll write down on paper, I'll go 1, 2, 3 and I'll just number it as they come in my head. And now there's the stupidest things, like, I gotta lose five pounds. I gotta visit my mom more. I gotta make, you know, I gotta connect with this person about this project. You can Cross that one off. I, Yeah, exactly. Mom, mom passed away. So, but shit, my mom died like four, five years ago. It's hilarious. Oh, anything in there about your dad's license plate? I. didn say it wasn't sad. Yeah, No. It's very sad. But I'm Gotta laugh. I'm saying that's one less thing that you have to do. Yeah.


But anyway, so I would do all these things, And I, my, and then at the bottom I put lifetime goals. This is like when I was 22, 20 there, I'm like, I wanna host Saturday Night Live. Yes. I wanna be on David Letterman, I want this blah, blah, blah. And I went to therapy like years ago. And he goes, don't tell me a catastrophe happened. I go, what? He goes, they all came true. I go, yeah, every single thing on my list came true. Whoa. And that's, I was, yeah. So I got real depressed. 'cause it, it was bad Because then what's, What's the point? What do you do next? Right? Yeah. What's the point of living? So then you have, do you make new ones? Yeah. So then, I mean, buy A rope, buy a chair, find a, find a beam. Find a beam, throw the rope, a sturdy beam, stretch, throw the rope over the beam, kick the chair out. Regretted Immediately try to get the Rope off to know a bail.


Regretted the be. And as I'm doing it, I'm still checking it off. I'm like, okay, the rope, you'll Just Scott, but my wind with Your toe on the desk. By the way, Sean, I noticed something. I noticed Sean something about the way that you described. You sounded like you were from Brooklyn or so you go Since I'm 22 like that. Since, since, since I'm 22 years old. Yeah. So anyway, so And, he said that the most, you know, obvious thing in the world, but it's, it isn't obvious until you hear somebody say it. He was like, well, you just gotta make new ones. And I was like, oh yeah, I guess I just gotta keep thinking. But Then I've been trying to like manifest stuff And I'm doing, doing these manifest meditations where it's like, just picture your life with the thing you want.


Yeah. Feel that it's already happened and then you drift off to sleep and you try to get the feeling, not that you're doing the thing, but that you are live in a world in which this is what you do. It's already happened. Yeah. What is He like? Esther Hicks. It's, what is his name? N Neville Godard. Mm. Neville Godard. That's how everyone says his name on the, the YouTube. But yeah, please Help. Yeah. No, here's a crazy story I have really fast if these guys will let me tell it. So it's fuck man. Are you going back to back? Yeah. Yeah. And then that's it. You want B2 B already? Alright, go Ahead. B2 BI bet we left You on the beam. You not know how to take a hint.


Left you on the beam. Still writing my goals down. Just the sound of a rope. Just fuck. So anyway, when I was a kid, I was obsessed with the show soap. Do you remember the show soap? Yeah, yeah, yeah. One of the great ubs. So, and, and the opening credits when they used to like rehash the, the, the whole story of the show and the opening credits over and over. Every week they would say, these are the Tates and these are the Campbells, and then, and blah, blah, blah, blah. And this is soap, right? And so these are the Tates and these are the Campbells, the Tates were the rich family. The camels were the poor family, or you know, the lower middle class, whatever. So the Tates, they would show this establishing shot of this beautiful house, this brick house in this gorgeous neighborhood. I was like, Oh, my God. I grew up shit, shit, poor, nothing. You know, everybody knows my story.


So then I was like, I would race to the TV every t every week to watch that opening. I was obsessed with this house. Mm. So about 8, 7, 8 years later, Scotty And I had a few to drink and we're going on a rabbit hole on YouTube of old openings of like eighties, nineties sitcoms. You know, we saw Jason's, we saw like whatever, you know, like facts of life and what whatever the Hogan family. So fun and like Dallas. Yeah. And like, you know, all of them. And I was like, oh, Scotty, we have to YouTube the store, the opening credits of soap. I was obsessed with this house as a kid. So we opened it and we're like, these are the Tates and these Are are the Campbells and the house right behind mine. Oh my God. Swear to God, It's, this stuff is real. No, that you can, Yeah. I mean, I was a child.


The paying attention to things manifest. But, but so, so then if Nikki, if you're manifesting then that, then you are allowing yourself to dream a little bit of the future. Yeah. Yes. And what, what does it look like? That's, that's what I'm struggling with, is like, I kind of like the way things are. And so I, I, I have an apartment I don't like, I don't own a home. And so I'm like, you know what? I should own a home. So let me just visualize the home I'm in. And then I think about like, we gotta get these cabinets redone, And. I'm like, oh, I gotta call someone. Like I'm living in it. And then I go, I gotta call the landscaper. Like, there's so much work that starts happening. And, I go, I don't want this house. Like, let me take me back to my apartment. So I'm kind of like, I just really like the way things are now. That's so, so I feel that's, but I have goals of like, that's okay. Yeah. That's Totally fine. Yeah. I love that. You know, SNLI think is a good goal.


Like hosting SNL that's a great goal for that's gonna happen in the a celebrity person that's happening in the fall. It's happened, right? It's, yes. I I think it's, have they approached you? It's happened. There's, I think it's not yet, but there's been talk whispering. There's whispering they should get You. I think that there's No Way that it's not happening. Just knowing how that shit goes and what's out there. There's No Way that they're not asking you this fall. Absolutely. Thank you. Okay, so it's happened. Yeah. Yeah. That's the And I don't And. I don't. Yeah. I, I'm, that's, that's already manifested. So I got, yeah, I don't know. I don't know what's next. But what do you, what about Will and Jason? Do you guys goal it up? I I, I, I do. I I mean I I, I sort of keep an eye on where I'd like to maybe be headed towards, but it, it's, it's not that specific right.


It's just, IIII just want to be challenged with stuff that is right at the edge of what I'm able to handle. Yes. And, and And I know that there's gonna be a day soon where I'm like, fuck this throttle back and just relax. Yeah. And so I know that's gonna come. So while I'm actually feeling this fuel, why not let it go, you know, feel exactly the same way. Yeah. Drive towards it. Yeah. I Think that's Good. I do the same thing, Nikki, that you do, which is, and and sometimes I do it super consciously. And I, And I, And I actually set out to do it. But I do the same thing of sort of manifesting And I find that I do kind of manifest in real time most of the time. And, and, and it's been super, super, super effective for me.


I don't know why. Yeah. And I think I did it. That's what why my, I, when I was in high school, I used to just tell my friends, oh, I'll, I used to be obsessed with Dave Matthews and my friends all were too sure And I would say, oh, I'll just like meet him someday and like, get to, I'm gonna tell him like how I feel. And they were like, how would you meet him And? I'm like, well, I'm gonna be famous. And they were like, what? They just like, I remember their incredulousness of like that I thought that, and it was so obvious to me that That was gonna happen and that I'll be in his sphere. I, I And I. I had the same thing about Letterman. I used to think when I, I used to watch Letterman at night when I was a kid, like in the, in the eighties, like in high school. And I'd watch 'em on at 1230 and I'd think like, I bet you Letterman's gonna think I'm really funny.


And and it worked out. And he Does. Yeah, He does. Yes. Does. And it worked out. She does. And, and yeah, that kind of shit. I just, I, and maybe that sort of dumb confidence of youth. I don't, I don't know. But, But Nikki, do you, do you wanna pursue, I know you've done tons of acting stuff, but is that important to you to pursue that lane as much as standup and everything else? N Yes and no. I mean, I, I think that's what I started pursuing initially in high school when I was like, how am I gonna get the, how am I gonna meet Dave Matthews? I could again, yeah. That was my, That was my real goal of like, being on TV is, that's the only way I could be in his, I as his sphere. And when I met him, I said the word sphere several times of Oh, my God. I tried to be in your, it was really embarrassing. Well, where, Where did, where did that, were you, were you living with, with the, did you, was your family super encouraging of your humor?


And like, was mom and dad funny? Were your, were your siblings? Like where did the confidence come from that like, oh, you know, if I think of something funny, I should share it. Because that usually works out. That did not come until way later. So I was like, okay, I'll be an actress. And I was not getting the parts in school plays And, I didn't even go to like a theater school. So it was like, you know, I was getting towns person B and stuff. So I was getting feedback like, this isn't for you, like to act. And so I was, That was Not even tos person A, Always B and And I would think I would get the lead and then I'd be at the bottom of the list. And I would cry. And then I'd go, oh, I guess I'll go do field hockey. And, and it was terrible at sports, so I was like, didn't really, but I was so depressed that it wasn't gonna work out. I auditioned for theater school, didn't get in anywhere.


And I was really like, I guess I'll just like have to kill myself on that. Like, I really was thinking that because what's the point of living if you're not gonna be on TV and performing in some way. But I had No Way to do it. I just thought Acting's the only way. I had no idea. There were other things. I didn't even look into it. I knew I couldn't sing or dance. What did your parents do? What did your parents do? I'm saying what did your parents do? My dad's in the cable business and my mom was just a homemaker. And, and so they, they were just, they were always supportive. And And I come from a really funny family and they have great taste in comedy. So I was always consum, my dad like, introduced me to Conan when I was in like eighth grade. And I was like, you gotta check out this show. And then that changed my mind. Like life and Seinfeld I was obsessed with and, and friends.


I, I was really, I loved comedy, but I wasn't, standup didn't, I didn didn't do much for me. I just wasn't even paying attention to it. And then I went to college. And I was like, long story short, I had like a terrible eating disorder. 'cause I was pretty much like, I just wanna die. My life sucks and nothing's going the way I want it to. And, I have to go to college and figure out what I wanna do for a living, but I don't wanna do anything right except perform. And I'm not good at that. And everyone tells me I'm not good at it. Like, I was taking voice lessons to be a singer and my voice teacher like, took my mom aside and said, this is a waste of your money. She doesn't have it. I was Getting, I your mom said That was Oh, He said, oh, voice He said that My mom. Yeah. And so I just was so discouraged.


And then I was, I just got an eating disorder that I was like, oh, I'll just die of this And I really wanted to, I was really like slowly just dying. And then I was hospitalized. It was right after high school. And I was going off to college. I was hospitalized over the summer. And, and then I, you know, needed to get outta there. And so I lied. And I was like, I just gotta go away to college and then I can like kind of die off alone without people monitoring what I'm Oh my God. Like, this is awful. It's so sad. It's so sad. But I really was like, what's the point? I just didn't know what the point of life would be if I wasn't a performer. Because I also, I wanted, I feel like my parents really pay attention to TV in a way that I always wanted to be paid attention to. And I think that's why I wanted to get on TV was to that even though they loved me so unconditionally, I just didn't feel it the way that I, I was just a very sensitive child.


Anyway, the great parents. How Did you ever, how did you overcome that moment? How Did they Prove that they loved Sorry, go ahead. The well they proved they love, they're still working on it, but I have theories that they do. But they, the love seems to amp up a little bit when I, you know, bring them to the Tom Brady roast in, you know, there's a little bit more text messages from my mom of, I've always loved you. Like final. Okay. Oh wait, that's really what an interesting Than Father does tell me till Now. And we will be right back.


You know, summertime, we all have these memories of summertime, it being hot and now it's really hot. And I noticed this summer. I've been sweating like crazy. I sweat a lot. I'm not gonna make a lot of excuses. I just do. And now I just, I need to hydrate all the time. I feel like I really need to hydrate. And Liquid IV has all the refreshing flavors that will inspire you to turn ordinary hydration into extraordinary hydration, including nostalgic summer flavors like Rainbow Sherbert and Firecracker Popsicle. Right? The kind of remind us of those days when we were younger with electrolytes, essential vitamins and clinically tested nutrients. There's a reason Liquid IV is the number one powdered hydration brand in America, guys. So cool. Off your summer with the reimagined flavors. Or make your own Liquid IV popsicles indulgent flavors to keep your wellness rituals fresh and keep you motivated and hydrated. Tear pour live more. One stick plus 60 ounces of water hydrates better than water alone. Three times the electrolytes of the leading sports Drink eight essential vitamins and nutrients, always non GMO, vegan, gluten-free dairy-free and soy free. I find that Liquid IV gets me back to that place where I feel completely hydrated. Again. And I don't have that sort of tired, worn out feeling. Liquid IV gets me back to the place I want to be after a really long workout. Indulge in hydration this summer with Liquid iv. Get 20% off your first order of Liquid IV when you go to liquid iv.com and use Code SmartLess at checkout. That's 20% off your first order when you shop. Better Hydration today using promo code SmartLess at liquid iv.com.


EBay motors is here for the ride with some elbow grease and a whole lot of love. You transform 100,000 miles on a body full of rust into a drive. That's all your own LED headlights, spoilers, whatever you need. eBay motors has it at affordable prices. And with eBay guaranteed fit, it's guaranteed to fit your ride every time. Keep your ride or die alive@ebaymotors.com. Eligible items only exclusions apply


No matter where you are. You can feel like you're living the coastal California lifestyle with re performance apparel. Everything re makes is designed to work out in, but it doesn't look or feel like it. That means their clothes are so comfortable, you will want to wear it all the time. Whether you're in or out of the gym. Vori clothes look great in everyday life. These are going to be your new go-to Staples, I promise you. And you can feel good about it too, because Vori offsets a hundred percent of their carbon footprint. You don't wanna miss out on re's signature, dream knit material that will surround yourself with softness, dream knit stretches as you move and seamlessly mixes and matches across styles to make it the easiest and dreamiest thing in your closet. It's wearable year round, easy to style and just makes you feel good. I'm gonna New York soon and it's really hot out there. So I picked up a couple pair of the men's Core short. I tried it out here in la. It's so comfortable. I like that. It, it falls just above my knee. It looks really stylish, And I. Feel confident going anywhere I possibly can with it. Vori is an investment in your happiness. For our listeners, they're offering 20% off your first purchase. Get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet@vori.com slash SmartLess. That's VUOR i.com/ SmartLess. Not only will you receive 20% off your first purchase, but enjoy free shipping on any US orders over $75 and free returns. Go to yori.com/ SmartLess and discover the versatility of Vori clothing.


And now back to the show. What an interesting story. How, how did you, how did you overcome that enormous hump from high school to college? Well, you just touch Bottom and then Just, well, I was like, ready to fucking go every night. I would be like, please die in you're sleep. Because I was just hungry all the time. And it's breaks hard. You know what it's like to be hungry, Jason? And so it's like, Now She's going, look at, now she's cooking For fucking time. You dabble in, in the eighties. And so It's not enough though In the Eighties. And, and so it's, yeah, I was, I was waiting for that to like, just end it because I was cold all the time. I was hungry.


I looked insane. So I couldn't really make friends because everyone's just like, this girl is like a skeleton who looks so weird and looks so brittle. And I was about to die and my hair is falling out. And I just, and I'm at my freshman year of college. I don't have any friends. And, I need to make some, so I like, I think my, I just turned up my personality a lot, right? Just because I looked so crazy that I needed the only way to make friends was to be larger than life. Right. And so I started being funnier. I just like, it just was an adaptive trait. You Made, you made yourself funny. I did. Because no one would the dialogue like me otherwise. And then all of my friends, I, I got friends because I was funny and really outgoing and all my friends would say, God, when we first saw you, we were like, who is that girl?


And then we kind of forgot that you looked like that because people would go to my friends and be like, we're really worried about her. And they'd be like, we don't even know what you're talking about. Because I did really just overcompensate for how sick I was with my personality. And that's when people started going, you should be a standup comedian. Wow. And once I heard that, I go, okay, what's that? Okay. Amazing mean, I knew mean knew what it was, but then I googled it. And I saw Sarah Silverman. And then that, that changed my world. And That was like, okay, I'll just do That. I was gonna say, what, what was the thing that inspired you to, as you said, turn it up? What was the thing where, I know you were, your hair was falling out, was you kind of rock bottom. Yeah. But what, what, what made you I didn't wanna be made fun of, I wanted to be the first to make the joke about how thin I was or what I got it. I wanted to be so extraordinary, my personality that no one would notice how scary I looked or how concerning.


And so I think That was it, you know, like the, the fat kid in school can be the class clown or most, I had never experienced that before where my looks like made people talk about me and whisper about me and make fun of me. I always just in high school, wanted to just disappear. I didn't want boys to make fun of me. I just was so scared of any attention. I wanted attention on stage when I told you you could. Right, right. But I really was like, people from high school are just like, you are a comedian. Like, I just kind of was, I didn't really, I, I didn't make big waves in high school, but, and then when I turned it up, that's when people started telling me that. And then as soon as I looked into it, I was like, oh, of course this is it. I've always, I've, I've like writing comedy. I have, I love comedy and then acting. The thing I found hard was like being someone else.


I really think it was just, I was always trying to run away from who I was. And I finally found something that celebrated, I could say the weirdest things and the darkest things that I was ashamed of into a microphone. And then people like me more because of the things that I hate the most about myself. Oh Yeah. But it's honest. So That was really cool. Yeah. It's Honestly your thought. Yeah. Which is the reason that mental illness exists is because people aren't being honest. And so that really helped me heal In a way. But you, but you, the one thing that you did not get generate overnight was, I mean, you're obviously really smart and so that, that is something that you probably sort of saved you in the end from a lot of stuff was that you're not a dummy. Right. You're, you're really bright by the way.


You lost Sean when you said hungry all the time. Sean looks so confused. Like, what do you mean never, never hungry? I'm never hungry. So then you found then that the thing That was bumming you out internally was actually material. And that, that is like, it, it actually becomes an asset to you. And that vulnerability is one of the huge keys to comedy. You know, you gotta pull your pants down a little bit. There's nothing funny about no problems. Just Say the honest thing. Yeah. And people can't even believe you're saying it. 'cause so many, most people aren't honest at that level. Right. And so whenever, whenever I'm on stage and I'm trying a new bit and it's not going well, and I've kind of lost the audience and they know that I know.


I just like, oh, my trick for that is just to stop and just say the honest thing. Yeah. Because, And it's so healing and you can't Lose, and you just go that bombed. Yeah. And you guys don't like me anymore. Right. And then they laugh and Also be revealed. Be revealing too, in that way. And be vulnerable. And JB, And, I have often said there's nothing funny about a six pack in that. Right. Like, no being, you know what I mean? Like, this is just not fucking funny. Exactly. So who Gives a fuck? I mean, look How quick Will Ferrell takes his shirt off. I, it's fucking works every time. It's so good. I fucking love him for it. It's, But that's the struggle though, because I also wanna be hot. Like, listen, we're all funny, but we all care about looking aesthetically. Yeah. Look at this. Henley, did you get a good look at the Henley Chevy?


I've heard about this. Henley. I just Look at that drapes. Did Amanda buy that for you? Oh, that's she did. It's Good. Okay. But yeah, we all care about what people think, like how we look. And then people go, but you're funny. I you don't need to care. And it's like, well, it's a part of it. And it's honestly, that's, I'm being honest when I say I'm insecure about my looks, so that's still part of it for me. I, I can't help that I do care about my looks, even though that You don't need to. But first of all, stop saying that every, everybody does. You're super and everybody does in no matter what job you and Sean's Right. You are super cute. But, but there, but think about it this way, because you, because of the very nature of what you do, people comment, and we live in a world now where we see those comments and we hear that stuff so much more readily.


Yes. So of course it makes sense that you'd be, you know, when people say that, I remember years ago, some friends, you know, from Toronto I grew up with, they're like, oh, fuck Willie, all you actors, Hey, you guys just care about how you look? I'm like, yeah. 'cause everybody's talking about it. When you do something, they go, fuck you look like Shit. And by the way, I got an on-camera job. Yes. You've got an on-camera job. Okay. And people go like, fuck Ben. That guy Annette looked like shit in that thing. You're like, oh, thanks a lot, man. Yeah. Yes. They'll say, And they're the comments w there was there, it's insane that there are comments under every single clip or video. Yeah. Or picture. Yeah. That is of you. I, David Spade told me a while ago, he was like, you know, back when I did the Hollywood minute during weekend update, she's brutal.


That was the only time celebrities got like mocked mercilessly for like a minute. That was the only time that celebrities were being made fun of ever because it was just all Stern used to do it a bit right before that, you know? Right. Yeah. Okay. So there's like two outlets for it. And now it's all people do. I I, I will say I, I like the way that you've off offset it. And I. And I was gonna bring this up before when you talked about that you moved back to St. Louis. We had somebody on recently who moved back to the Midwest and it's made me long for, I don't know why recently. I've, it's, I've really longed for not living on either coast. I've had this sort of dream. It makes me feel kind of good because there small town, there is something small town. Yeah. A little bit. Yeah. There's something kind of Yeah.


But what's that quote? Doesn't matter where you go. There you are. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Like, you're gonna, you're gonna feel the same no matter where you go. I agree. That's True. Yeah. I'm, I'm not looking at it as a remedy for how I'm necessarily feeling. I'm just talking about my day to day experience. Like what is, what do I want that experience To be? Your bement. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You just wanna get carjacked a little. Yeah. I wanna be in the Midwest. No. Desperate to be. I I get what you mean. Well, the reason I like it is because I, if I'm in New York or LA I can do a set every single night. And I can feel like I'm not doing enough. And I. I could be doing a set tonight and getting stronger. And I could be doing a podcast. And, but in St. Louis, there's nothing much going on.


So I feel like it's just kind of a, an escape. I'm, I'm a workaholic. And I. Lock up my liquor on the coast. And, I, go And. I can go get it. If I can get a key and like deliberately go get it. But it's not just waiting for me in my room in St. Louis, I kind of am away from work and can and don't have to drive myself crazy with it. Right. And, I can forget that that's, that all that stuff matters. It, when you really are in New York and LA you get sucked into the machine of like, you gotta do more. It's not enough. And comparing yourself more, even though they're all waiting for you on Instagram to compare yourself to, I feel it more here, which is good. Sometimes you need, when I was doing the roast, I was like, I'll go to LA for a month and a half before that to get in the zone of like, competitiveness and, and, and running my set every night and like feeling like I'm not enough and needing to prove myself.


Yeah. Wow. But I couldn't do that in St. Louis. I couldn't just like, fly and do the roast. I would've come with this like Midwest ease. I needed to come in like strong and insecure. What's Your day to day like in St. Louis then? If you're not Working? Like wake up. I go into my podcast room, which is next to my bedroom, do a podcast, then I go to a Pilates class, then I go to Starbucks and pretend to write. And then I, you know that whole thing where you open up your laptop and then you just, Oh yeah. That's a whole thing that I love. I love Are you working, you guys Are too famous to do that now. That's the fame. I don't wanna be is like, where I can't go to Starbucks still and just sit and careful in a coffee shop. Here it Comes. Yeah. Yeah. Here it comes. It's coming. Oh yeah. I gotta, I gotta really enjoy it while I got it. But yeah, I just sit there in online shop and then I go back home and play my guitar a little bit and then I go to a voice lesson.


I'm still trying to be a singer, so I just, yeah. And then I go hang out with my parents, hang out with my niece and nephews and then, you know. And That acting desire, you said, or just sort of atrophied way back when and there, there's no desire there at all. No, there totally is. I think that it would be so fun to do it, but it's, it's, Yeah. I bet you'd be Cool. Great. Being, being on set is really exhausting and boring sometimes. Yeah. Being on set is can be very boring. Exactly. But, and on The road is easy for me. I don't even have to think about it. I just walk on stage. But also Just the creative difference of an Yeah. An actor has to fit lines that were written before they so hard they come in. So your job is to fit a preexisting character and line as a standup. It's the total opposite.


You are already there and then you are writing lines to fit you. And that's What I like about it. Yeah. Okay. Right. But what about the me the, I always wait till the last second for everything. So that doesn't work in acting. You can't be just like, you know, binging your lines right before and memorizing it. I'm sure sometimes that is the, the way it has to happen. But there's a lot of preparation and forethought that goes into being an actor and preparing And. I feel like as a standup comedian, as long as I'm just showing up as myself, I can get the job done. Like, I don't, I don't like a lot of review. I don't like a lot of rehearsal. I don't like to critique myself. 'cause then I start to see the flaws. So with standup, I'm just like, I can just be in a conversation room, just, you know, with someone and be like, talking about something really sad and, and crying and then walk on stage and do it, and then walk off and get right back to it.


I don't have to like get in a zone. Yeah. It just seems like a lot of work. And I'm in now. I would get jobs where I'm acting against people like you guys who have been doing it so long and I'd feel like I'm not good enough. And their self-doubt would come in. Well we, We, we'd be judging you, but you should Sean would've a spare roping chair for you if things went wrong. Yeah, course. You know, Always standing by. Always standing by. Yeah. Well, I think you could, you could do whatever you wanted and certainly now you could, but you probably always, I suspect you always could have. And yeah. Leave yourself open for all of it. Please do. Because you seem incredibly dynamic. Yeah. Thanks. And well suited for all opportunities. Love to do it. Yeah. I'm so happy for your success. I want to see you more doing more stuff.


You're so naturally funny and so funny. Yes. And I. I, I, what I also love about it is I don't, well maybe you doing some of your podcasts and stuff, but you, you, you don't seem to have fallen in the trap yet of a lot of standups who seem to be obsessed with talking about breaking down standup, which I'm like, fuck it enough. I'm bored by it. I some of these older, I'm like, shut the fuck up. Whos, who do you thinks You're, who cares who The fucking care. What does that mean breaking down standup? You mean like talking loud about it? They're like the science Behind it. No, the science behind it. What they think about standup and how they do, and they only talk to other standup. I'm like, shut up man. Fucking, I don't apologize for a joke and cancel culture. Cancel. I'm, yeah, cancel. Not that interested in that stuff either.


And, I think that we like to pat our, and you know, every artist likes to pat themselves on the back. Like they change the world. But, and, and some of it does, but I just, I don't know. I'm, I'm, I don't, I don't, I kind of just fell into it and it fits me, but I don't think of it as standups are like above other, no. And, I. Think sometimes we have to think that because we feel so less than, and that's why we do standup is 'cause we didn't fit in any of the other ones. I, I can see that. But like all of us are just out here trying to figure it out. And so when people start breaking it down as though we're a process and as though we're a science. Oh, right. Anyway, but When people ask me about the process, it's always like, how do you write it? It's, I think it's the same for most comedians. It's just you say something funny in conversation and then you go, oh, I should maybe do something about that.


Right. And then you take out your phone and the conversation comes to a halt and everyone waits for you and you go, what? Wait. Exactly. How did I say it? Right? And then they tell you, and then you ruin the moment. Right? Yeah. And then you, and then I'm in the wings of the show before the show kind of going like, what should I do tonight? I'm kind of sick of my act as it is. Like maybe I'll, and I'll look through and go, oh, okay, maybe I'll throw that in. Right. And it just kind of happens on stage, but it's, it's, it's a lazy room. Right. But you're super funny. You're I'm Doing the only thing I've ever been good at. You're the top of the game. Honestly. I could just watch you do standup all the time. You're really awesome, man. You're very generous to have Come here. Yeah. And someone who's been a fan. As long as I have to see you finally get this kind of recognition, like it's awesome. One another awesome. Yeah, for sure. It really Awesome. Well, being on SmartLess is a huge, it's a huge deal to me.


Oh Yeah. You guys, you've done huge ever. Thank you. Watch A clowns Fucking funny. And your show was so good. And talk about vulnerability. I mean that's, but that's what we don't, we all want that from our celebrities. Like, I've always just wanted to see how they are. I used to love the, like the stars are just like us kind of things. I love used to really do love that. And that's what I think podcasts have given us is that conversational quality. And we get to really know you. And some actors stink and they're not interesting at all. Right. In conversation. But you guys don't, you're so fucking funny. And yeah, I'm just like, Well, you're, you're infectious with, you're very, very clean, honest sort of energy coming outta you is is really kind.


Well, you're, we're droll in moments. You're funny. So Yeah. No, are, Thank you Nikki. Hilarious. All of you. Thanks Nikki. It's so good to see you. So Good to see you too. Thank you. Yeah, you too. Thank. Yeah. Thanks Nikki. Oh, my God. Nikki. Glaser. Nikki. Glaser. Thank you guys. Thank you Nikki. Thanks Nikki. Have a great rest of the day. Nice. Sweet. Bye. How great is Nikki? Glaser? Yeah, That Was super fun. I'm, I'm embarrassed to say that's my first experience with her and Wow, what a force. Only my second, I'm a huge fan of hers already. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She's amazing. She's super, super cool. Super amazing. I love what she said because she, I mean, even on here, she's just brutally honest about everything and how she feels and her opinions.


And, I think that's what people are drawn to. Yeah. She's got specials on Netflix that I can like immediately pull up Every specials. HBO and Comedy Central dude, she's an absolute Oh nice. Just like comedy megastar. Yeah. I, I've really taken And just, and not just because of her level, but just also how funny she is. Yeah. She is profoundly funny. So good. Yeah. And my buddy, my buddy great. Bob Tro used to work with her too. That's how he kind of really turned me onto her about five years ago. Yeah. It was like Nikki Glaser's the funniest he wrote with her for a long time. And I Bet she would be great in, in movies and she doesn't need to like, It should be amazing Act, you know? Yeah, I know. There's like five people that act.


Most of us just play versions of ourselves and I'd love to see a million different versions of her. Yeah, yeah. But she'd be great. I agree. No, she's a really nice and which is so funny because she does these Roasts, which are, can be so super cutting and stuff. And she's actually like a super nice kind person. And, and I've, yeah, she's, she's cool. Sean. Do you have a, a body Sean? Are you frozen? What's, what's going on? He's just trying to, through ideas. Fucking, it's so fucking not You. The worst poker face. Sean. Sean. Look, I wasn't, I was just biting my time. Why would you waste it? Was that wait? Yeah. Did you just like, barely float that one up there?


Boy, You were, you were like, all of a sudden you were having a co you were in a coma and Then you No, I was by eating my time. Y Yeah, but can, what's Happening by, Can we cut? Let's cut and roll. Let's, that's a good one. It's very good. Just, just wish you just, it. I was setting you up. Apologized for it. Why Didn't you just, You just sitting there and we know Sean, were you looking Sean At your list? He was looking at a list that he had on his computer. Un by all Standbys. I just, yeah, guys, I found fucking Fuck what is happening. That's a nightmare. Will you have, can you take us out like, like we should? You got anything? Well, We just had two good Ones. I, I actually do have a book, a book of all the great buys that I wanna use.


And I, I call it my, my my Buy Bible. Oh, okay. That, that'll do, that'll do Bible. We'll see at the next one. Smart Less, smart Less SmartLess is 100% organic. And Artisanally handcrafted by Bennett Barco, Michael Grant, Terry and Rob Arm JF Smart Less.


This is a message for anyone with high LDLC or bad cholesterol who has had or is at risk of having a cardiovascular adverse event. Merck is studying an investigational medication to see whether it may help lower the risk of future cardiovascular adverse events. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death worldwide and in the United States alone. There are over 73 million people living with high LDLC. To learn about whether you may qualify, visit coral reef studies.com now. Again, that is C-O-R-A-L-R-E-E-F-S-T-U-D-I-E s.com.


Imagine earning a degree that prepares you with real skills for the real world. Capella University's programs teach skills relevant to your career so you can apply what you learn right away. Learn how Capella can make a difference in your life. At capella edu.